This film really disappointed me. The acting is oppressive. Incredible And it's about the actor. The story is incredibly obvious: a group of independent actors play a passion, and as a result, the lives of the characters they play begin to survive. I've been watching a lot of movies recently, thanks to Netfix, and this is the first time I have not seen it all the time. I did not feel I needed to see the end; We all know the end of this story. <br /> <br /> Some people think that this "modernization" of the gospel is sacred or illuminated. I can not speak this anymore as I am not raised in the Christian church. That being said, I was raised in the United States and I live in growing Christian culture. I am eager enough for good or bad enough about the modernization of Jesus and religion. I did not see Mel Gibson's version, but I guess those who like it will love it, without the most conservative. I just wish this was a good film. <br /> <br /> Lots of reviews are appreciated in the direction of Arcand and especially cinematography. I do not like. The film itself is rather brilliant and preacher. I do not believe in the personality of the character and I have never been involved in screen life. The game is very dated in the game and I do not think it carries its weight in real time production. But beside that point. For this purpose, what I really needed was the film's strong development and support for philosophical and religious questions. And musical choices are obvious and unreasonable. There were two examples of <br /> <br /> which easily come to mind. Firstly, the reunion of money lending policies in Jesus's temple has occurred: the main actor, who will play in Magdalin and who falls for the model and dancer, he will disturb himself with a commercial (a bad producer and lots of panting men panting off with his pants ) For auditioning. He trashes the place and chases them all. I guess the level of desire to reach this film. Between these two, romance is completely arbitrary and not fully psychologically realized, and the scene is like playing a high school rendition of a salesman, for example, not good. Hit the hit on the head with this high handed "significance". The other is the relationship between another female leader and priest who has been asked to play them and who ultimately wanders against them and believes in them near the corrupt church nowadays. Why Why is he sleeping with this guy? "It gives him so much joy and hurts me so much." Ah, cute slut and loving old coot. It seems that enough to be marked for Arcand but it does not seem that it is worth the effort to enrich and stimulate these characters. They are moving through the speed and I have reached the exit button. <br /> <br /> Do not hesitate to write me annoying, zed or just interested. To watch this movie and see the remorse, its beauty, sadness and inspiration is delivered as an amateur and shocking character. Feel strictly on all your former ideas and see any discipline of artistic honesty left for a neutral drill. But do not say I warned you.
