"Kings and Queen" is a Floral French drama that rumors for a wonderful two-hour and thirty-two minutes for any visible point or purpose. <br /> <br /> There are two stories in this movie that seem to be incomplete at first, but eventually, almost half of the connections through the movie are interconnected. His struggle with the first center around Nora and the men of his life, including an old father who discovered that he had a few days left. In another story, a young man named Ismail is involved, who has found himself an infringer who feels self-worthless - he believes - through an intriguing third-party plot, in a mental institution. After a while along with a separate track, these two narrations come together when we know that Ishmael is the former lover of Noor and the person who chose to accept his son from his previous, sad relationship. <br /> <br /> In a significant amount of little focus and streamlining, "King and Queen" may be a powerful, surprising play about modern day relationships. It is certainly vital insight and moment of emotional strength, and for the most part, performance is complicated and touchy. However, it has been completely taken, the film is so hard working and the church that, quite a bit, it destroys the anger on our patience and starts to welcome soon. Even more tragic, we feel like the light of eternity in the company of these people, even though we do not know what to make of them when we finish the end. For example, Nora's father wrote a horrendous directive against her daughter's character in her death sentence, with whom we could not look for more than two hours. Dora is the mother of Theresa (then who?), But she does not deserve the enthusiasm thrown on her by her own father. Dora may be accused of being confused, unknowingly, self-absorbed, but she can give her cancer enough for her father's wish and die in her place? I do not think so. <br /> <br /> Perhaps this image is working in depth, which I could not guess. But I doubt that author Roger Bohbot and co-authors / director Anarud Desplinken will also have a complete problem explaining their motives here. This is a good acting, stimulating sister who takes long time to travel through the sea of ​​viewers' personal crisis, which is not a journey that is far from any wise or more illuminated at the beginning.
