"Roose at Rain" is a huge mess of a movie that would make the audience happy as much as they would. It turns pre-love lovers (Emmanuel Devos) and Ishmael (Matthew Amalik), because they each face a big crisis in their separate lives. Although the story of Nora has been played directly and is ideal for the vowel, Ismael is mainly played for laughing but it is not particularly fun. Nora's crisis is prompted by the illness of his father Louis (Morris Gerell) due to terminal illness and a sudden sickness in Islam in a brain hospital by a mysterious third party persecution. Two of Ishmael and Lui's men who shaped the life of Naura and were transformed by him, the most notable among them are the first boyfriend Pierre and their younger son Elias. Past and present events are played for the audience and ex-lovers have become involved in one another's life, it gradually emerges that it can be less reliable than in her life story that Nero is seen in private personal eye. <Br /> <br /> Coolant Director Arnad Diplachin has created a tremendous curiosity here, which has gained major glory in France. She eschews deliberately established fictional conferences and develops movies through the dramatic counter series between Mood and Tone. If this method is a coherent single concept or theme that can work, it was established, but it is not really clear what is actually the story of Despechtchen. Heavy interference in Greek mythology and Freudian theory is obviously freely freely, but at least for this fuzzy film-gear, lesser helper in enlightening and interpreting the characters life. Other times the treatment ends in Kishch, but the idea of ​​using the term "moon river" as the theme tune of the film is probably deliberate. <br /> <br /> ** Spoiler Alert ** I suspect a major theme, the film is not a realistic observation on how we see ourselves, how others can see us, even different from how we think of others. This idea is perhaps most notably presented in the film by Pierre's violent death and the revelation revealed in Luis's secret diary, but unfortunately, both events are completely derived from the relationships related to Pierre and Louie's listeners. . It appears to be a fraud in Despplicen's part, as if he naturally presented the concept on us in a natural way rather than merely portraying it in the natural way of racism. The touch of one or two dark holes is understood to be that alternative alternatives but the presence of most unconscious world is horrific, but again it is felt more as a strategy to make movies instead of explosions from the real deep water reservoir. Indeed, for all its heavy instructions in depth, the letters are strange and vague, as they do many things for the people's opinion instead of their own ideas for the people of their Creator. Most of their life seems to be mutually biologically mutually changed. For example, Ishmael, we are constantly reminded, it is a Violeta player, but we actually pass more than two hours before seeing or listening to him, and the effects of his chosen personality or the electrically chosen machine are never stated. Therefore, he could be a marine biologist or a tropical artist. <br /> <br /> Amalik is unhappy but eventually brings a certain Manic Charm to San Ismail, but I found Divos Cloaking and Monoton (which may be intentional) as Lady Nora. Already Ismail's father Jail-Paul Roussillon was psychologically as well as Eli Weilston as psychiatrist and Maggie Welch mentally injured, but as a barbarous synologist, he had the biggest impact in hospital friendly actors. Even in Catherine Dunnuve, though her role is a bit more than self-referential cameras. Finally, "Roose of Rain" too much gained taste. It should fail to push your buttons, it's probably very likely that Desplechin's uneducated and florid approach will keep you obsessing even as frustrating and frustrating.
