Since the film began, the wheel of Wheeling in her boyfriend's apartment His aunt (Edna May Oliver - a very talented person for this photo) did not like Wheeler - a feeling that I can easily relate to. To take her away from the masculine brothers, she decided to take this soft girl abroad. They invested in Left and Wheeler in a revolution in a small mythical kingdom because they promised to make him king. At about the same time, Olse was in the same mythical kingdom and he was made king. So when the wheeler arrived, it was for fighting boys, but they denied because they were already friends - which disappointed the people, there was a national program to kill and replace the kings. <br /> <br /> I'm a huge fan of comedy from Golden Age of Hollywood - silent era through 1940s. I watched thousands of movies and despite my love and appreciation for these movies, I have seen and reviewed, I never understood the appeal of Wheeler and Olsse - the only comedy team that could be as bad as a brother! Despite being very successful in Hollywood's small career (small cuts due to the death of Robert Olse), I can not help but notice that each other successful team has the same basic ideas, but very good. For example, Marcus Brother's movie, Doc Soap's memorable movie had many elements, but Cracked Noatus never laughs at me, and Doc Soop was a stupid and extremely enjoyable romp. Occasionally, Ules said something like Grucho, but his curiosity never had the fifth line that even remotely funny! In fact, he began to yell continuously screaming. His only interesting quality was that he was fascinated - of course there is not enough reason to keep him in film. In addition, the wheeler had a piece of cloth comedic appeal - a cheese that is very bad cheese. A missed opportunity was the old Vaudville routine, which was later popularized by Abbott and Castelló, "Who was the first in this film", but there is no excitement of time or intelligence. In fact, only after they started their spell, they just finished the routine - so timely that you are frustrated. I knew "who long ago" was used for many years and was used by many teams, but I really wanted to see that it gave a nice shot to Wheeler and Olsy and gave it their own twist. <br /> <br /> Once again, I have not yet found another sub-parallel film by these two guys. Although I must admit that I liked some of my small pictures (like Silly Billiles and Renaemakers - which I actually gave to IMDB 6), it was a great patience test to complete - everything I found is very often when it happens I watched the movie Wheeler and Olas. Where did all the humorous?
