The world is facing imminent destruction and the suicide mission to the Sun has been sent to prevent disaster by burning a bomb in its burning heart: Yes, it is a solar crisis, Urai Crisis 2050, which burns a large constriction, which is never clear on the screen, back in 1990 and There is enough fee for buying a Happy Mail for every cast of Japan to cast directly to Japan Ray came. This is a re-edited version submitted to Allan Smith (remember?). The plot of the plot is mostly like Sunshine - the suicidal campaign of the sun, the sobatura on the board, the logic of throwing - but this time they are not trying to rule the sun, but before reaching the earth it can explode a solar flare prematurely. With a talking bomb. Voice by Paul Williams. Who wants to promote him so the crew will take him more seriously ?? Charles Hesson has included Jack Palance in his most psychological Otti at his most cruel, top-fishing team mathson, at the most intimate time, the eyes of the original mountains are unforgettable Michael Berryman (you do not remember the name, but you remember that face) and Peter Boyle is the cause of the collapse of this mission as an industrialist, because, if it is successful, the world will be protected But its share price will be reduced, you would expect at least one minute to reel each smile. There is no joy. It's the worst kind of bad movie: An annoying. The fate of the world may hang in balance, but the whole film is shot in the same illogical fatal slowdown or complete lack of speed. The following is the key and it walks through, but the cast does not do such work here. Instead, they still show the screens in almost darkness. You look forward to enjoying an existing crisis for Paul Williams's conversation bombs, rather instead the movie ... is standing there, beside nothing. Literally. This is one of the most inactive movies ever made ?? So when Clive Oven was thrown, he looked almost lively compared. Even a badly interpreted suicide repair attempt has failed to increase the risk of interest because it is mostly involved, yes, Caste is still looking at the screen in the dark. Even when the bombs are calculated unconditionally, they still face the new crisis? Still looking at the screen in the dark so that they are always on the earth. Merchant-Ivory films have good action scenes. <br /> <br /> The world is not so vivacious in the world, where the film is mostly spent on the journey of Matinson's son / Chuck's grandson Karin Nemek. Spaceport across a dry landscape with Palance's insane desert artist "chick still looking for that note when digging me" while Mad Reckrop refuses to decline and refuses by the bad corporate case who stops him? A beautiful beach released him. Do not just guess the argument, if you already do not assume that much. The best moment? According to Jack Palance, a girl from a bar, described as "an old man with white hair and a face like a rolling leather", although Chaki had given Baby Veylon's plane, fired Bajuka from the office window hip or beat Barfal. It's been a bit welcome to welcome camps in a camp that offers lots of natine 99% running time. Richard C. Sarafian's game played in Japan, and the original cart provided an additional six minutes, but could be more manageable for 17 minutes: The director of the Venting Point must have thanked his lucky stars when re-editing him to stop a film. A movie is so bad it's not good, and painfully sluggish with it
