"Bat People" is the proud resident of IMDB Button 100. Each time and the movie goes on a somewhat infamous list, depending on whether the American Idol star has a new movie with a new film or documentary with Paris Hilton. It always comes back safely sooner or later. And why? Because, unlike most shit in the list, "Bat People" is a legitimate bad movie and it's worth noting regardless of any media impact or Internet buzz! Often it is not the worst movie to make, because the fundamental idea is certainly a certain charm and consciousness, but it is still impossible to be fully intertwined. The script is incredibly annoying, with the giant gap between absolutely unnecessary padding footage and continuity, and yet the main characters still remain strangely total throughout the entire film. In addition to an intelligent screenplay, there is a lack of spectacular murder sequences and make-up effects in the film ?? Although a young Stan Winston courtesy ?? Ironically disinterestedly and finally the film finally disappears. The title of the film is wrong, as the "public" refers to a number in the plural, but the story actually only turns into a bat person. Much more than Bruce Wayne, the real movie plays in this movie, and there is a genuine Bat-Cave and Bat-Mobile (stolen Ambulance)! This plot presents a young couple in their honeymoon-weekend search caves. They move from a guided tour group and they bat while trying to save the wife from the flood. He is worried that Rabi could be infected, he went through a severe treatment at the local hospital, but it still does not prevent it from gradually transforming the bleeding bat animals. He killed random people in street streets and suspicious police sergeants with toys, although his loving wife is still very firmly convinced that these painful behaviors are only due to allergic reactions to rabies treatment. Sure honey The script does not explain why the bat will attack the person, and instead of becoming a permanent place for bats, the public becomes dawn on a new day between normal people. So basically, "bat people's" is a variation on the well-groomed Wearoff-Theme, but of course this is not very interesting. The concept has shown a lot of potential, however sub-plots of any way vane drunks and ghostly monsters instead of distorted Sheriffs center. Some settings and exterior painting positions seem to be impressive, during the credit period, the song is amazingly interesting, there is a nice bit of gurus (finally!) And the main actress Marianne Mc Andrew (though not to listen) during Climax. The current list of the 100 really bad and annoying films below is spot number 80 and personally I hope it stops somewhere in that region. The list will not feel any more than just "bat people."
