Hello Mary Lou: Pram Night II started at Promotions of Hamilton High School in 1957, where Mary Laou Malny (Lisa Swarges) is cheating with Bud Cooper (Robert Lewis) at Bill Gerhardham (Steve Atkinson). The bill has been discovered and destroyed, already Merry Lure has been declared the Prom Queen of 1957 and has taken the stage for its award. The bill is still hurt, Mary Lou decided to run a real joke, so she threw a firecracker on the stage, but still awakened fuse Mary Lou's dress was burnt in the fire, within a few seconds of Mary Lou Tust. After 30 years and Hamilton will be soon hitting his annual prom night. Bill (Michelle Iranside) is now the principal and has a teenager, Craig (Justin Louie), who is dating Wiki Carpenter (Wondi Lyon) and planning to promote together. Bud (Richard Monit) is now a priest, who had already hunt both Bill and Bud on that terrible night 30 years ago. One day Vicky is looking around the school building when she discovers a big trunk open, it may be a bad step because Mary Laura becomes free from the retrograde attitudes and intends to claim her crown as a queen of the queen and extra time in her set out to take revenge for her untimely death . The first up is Jess Browning (Beth Gondek) whose death was a suicide, near Mary Lou's body of vicinity, because it was closer to the night of Primer. After the settlement of some of the Kelly Henelnetter (Terry Hawks) shapes, he won the race so that he could win. Wiki's body of Mary Iron Hamilton High Prom Queen gave the crown that allowed Mary Law to return from the body and creates an unexpected look and really promotes party ... <br /> <br /> <br /> Hello Mary Lou: Prom Night Night, directed by Knight (1980) and Bruce Pittman, was not particularly good movie. Ron Oliver's script paid more attention to the supernatural elements than the cheap teen slashing themes, whether it was a good or bad decision, I would rely on your expectations. Personally I found these different elements that really do not gel or work well together. The whole film was so enjoyable, that no one had died until the half-hour mark before the death of Marie Laure, and the film would climb for the next half-an-hour until Vicky finally ended, and the film finally increased the speed for climax where a bad Mary Lou was defeated with her permission. In the first promotion, killing a whole person, Asu will be seen to the horror film fans You klicada hoped that "the killer is not dead and prepare for a signal 'will not end? ? Do not expect to count on the body of the body, not just five of the whole film, and especially not the graphics, although Monica (Beverly Hendry Beverly Hendry) tried to hide such a shower room locker that Mary Lou was crushed and this resulted in the poor monica's blood coming out. Hello Mary Laurie's Supernatural Side: The Nightmare of the Second Comedy has shown many hallucinations for the first hours of the quirk and subsequently Mary Laura's control objects, which is a sudden cyclone horse, with a few shorts of black life, it is quite good as it turns water and zombie hands into the hands of Vicky hands . Hello Mary Lou's Slasher Side: The Prom Night Night is not outstanding, I like myself as a Mary Lane, when she brings out compulsory one-fishing equipment and she does not kill enough people to make her a good villain. Oh, and yes I pay respect to many other horror film directors, last names with the fate of almost all characters, it certainly did not add anything to the film but I think a nice little touch. The acting is fine, but Michael Innerseide, a trustworthy general, is almost lost and almost helpless as if he asks himself what he is doing and if he does work again. Somebody forget about Gore, someone is hanged, crucified with screenfresh, someone silences with neon light, a computer gets crazy and someone encounters (?!) And Mary Lou Wiki comes out of the body with a cool look Which was the first as a rolling jumbo. As well as some full frontal nudity shots in the girls shower, if it's your thing. Give it some credit Hello Merry Lou: Good for viewing on Prom Night II, there are reasonable production standards across and usually made well. Above all, I was frustrated by Hello Mary Lou: Prom Night II, it was very slow and almost unknowable to maintain my interest for about 100 minutes. I'm not sure if it's eligible for a 3 or 4 star rating, I'll give it 4 because there's nothing wrong with it. I think I was sitting through a lot of bad movies but it did not really do anything, I was scared
