A genuinely disturbed, cannibalistic psychopath, John (Gary Kent, under pseudonym Michael Brody) who lives in a cave, stalk campus, who makes unfortunate mistake of backpacking on his thighs. Steve (Dean Russell) and his friend Charlie (John Battis) entered into a controversial debate with Teddy (Anne Wilkinson), their wife Sharon (the last wife of Gary Kent's dead husband). By them To prove a point, Cheeks annoy their partner for a camping trip to Los Angeles from Los Angeles to prove that they will soon follow. Sherry escaped for his life after being subjected to violent prey, because people were late in the desert due to the warmth of his truck. Scared, tired, and paranoid, Sharon has got some unusual support ... John's ghosts! All right, the children of the generation have remained in the desert, espioning terrifying panic that exists in the jungle, specializing in Sharon, helping him with the help of security and his friends. Meanwhile, Steve and Charlie soon find people in the cave and find shelter from the darkness of the night. Cooking on a burning flame, simmering the meat is actually from Charlie's wife, Teddi! When Charlie eats food from Charlie meat, John finds out of her residence inside her! However, soon, worried about their wives, Steve and Charlie set out to find them as morning breaks. Meanwhile, John is a victim of Charlie, Steve and Sharon in a fight to survive. When a bite of collapse between two huge stones on the river flowing on Steve, he will only raise the scene of such nightmare, Sharon follows the possible safety of his orchestrated young friends ... even at one stage, the father will not kill him. Charlie, unfortunately, does not have such friends. <br /> <br /> The director Donald Jones (.. who wrote it and broke the movie fund) shoots the image at an exciting, beautiful position in the smart phone service. National Park of California, where this gargaguan trees are a great height tower, and I basically see the backs slash for this purpose. For some strange reasons, especially the direction of the zone did not find very atmospheric direction. Fear was absent, though John used a bit annoying attack by using his knife. In fact, the proposal is more than what is on the screen, however, however, this gas plate is still acquired by the public victims). Inside such beautiful scenes, there is a spectacular victim of stupidity, such terrorism increases. The City Man tries to spend a different few days finding himself in a beautiful place, beautiful, fresh air smell, enjoying a beautiful view philosophy, stalked by a terrific predator with a very awesome knife. People are giving the background to the giant why, Jones allows our wife to see her memory flashback in search of adultery and to respond to her (.. she wants to punish the queen, she is a ghost to find her children. "Naughty") in her bed And kill a boyfriend (.. a refrigerator repairer). The child has committed sad and depressed suicide and is now "haunt" in the desert, still interacting with their peers or who they choose. The Scratch kids in a backwoods slasher are appreciated by something unique and some as I realize such a novelty, but I rather take the hokey concept and serious too silly. They helped our heroine escape in some potentially dangerous situations, but it was difficult for me to refrain from uncontrolled awakening. I got the music of 80 rupees and the performance is not mind-pierced. I mean, I was able to respond to the situation I was in, because it was really horrible to find myself in an unknown and unfavorable area that nobody knew this area so well. I think the film is very similar in many ways. WODS..OALONE! Also, there is a ghost boy mentioned before this forrest (referring to Sharon, their father, or their voice while talking to each other). Gary Kate is like a messy George Lucas, bursting cloth, and lost humanity. As mentioned above, jealousy is not as grisly as recommended, because the director Jones effectively is able to cut away from a big theft of knife infiltration, yet the set pieces are in the way of stages rather than the unsettled (mostly Teddi's killings, most violence on the surface of a huge stone structure around silhouetted, John applied his application to stop and once, once stabbed several times, only to close his predator Attempted effort; a hanging body is skinning John). I saw better and worse than this type of slasher film, it is somewhat more effectively with visible scenery, rather moderate I do not really feel particularly memorable for children's exceptions in Scratch.
