This vague and almost (nearly religiously) 80 slashing titles definitely reminds me of the Mega-Smash-giant hit song of treatment with the same title, so this user comments are part of the title section of the comments. Also, I did say there was something else that was useful, however. But hey, "forest" is completely hopeless and even * bad *, that's not it. If nothing else is done, at least observe it, confidentially ineffective, the first rule of the slash of 80: kill someone in the first 10 minutes of Playtime. Surely you've heard about the basic tenacity of this movie about a dozen times, but it does not prevent you from seeing it, as "The Forest" offers to offer more than just an offensive sinful cover image. It's actually a bit of an athletic 80's slasher! The main characters are not plain-minded teens and the script has a strong ambition to supernaturalism. The idea is not always successful, it may not be quite effective, but it is also interesting enough to keep your attention and also to have some amazing rugged moments and to enjoy tension and plot twists. Two married couples decide to move to camping in California's most isolated jungle, but due to stupid pay, wives get separated from their husbands. Very rarely set up for the night, they find their father to go out in search of their two children, their children and their parents, and get unknown visits from mom. Pangu family can be real or imagined, but women are in danger and while their husband is coming, they have already disappeared. Men too face the family, and they learn little more about difficulty disadvantaged backgrounds. At least say, "forest" is a strange and unusual film. This is not an excellent piece of plot, but a completely weird atmosphere must apply to the horrible freak of 80. The murders are fairly awesome and fascinating, throat and a painful show-pictured with genocide, and the filming positions are wildly beautiful. The more you think about the story and its sudden twists, the more it becomes a sense, so my advice will only enjoy this great viewing experience as long as it's a minute and lasting. Performed performances are more than just the average, the music is fine, and at least director Donald Jones (70 exploitation-ill "Chennai Chennai's school") tried to be more creative in more than 80 horror movies. Too bad it finally fails.
