Sadly, a bad Christmas movie, which has done poorly painful performance by Vince Von, who bought her normal broken son, but this time for children's films, but out of intelligence or comedy in their rated movies. Although most of the pictures seem like autopilot, and he continues in the walls with his heartless performance. After 30 minutes in the film, you will touch your inner disease and you will find out how disgusting the film is after 30 minutes, say "Bahabag", at that moment you want to find out how intensely the film has become intolerable. Among all the actors involved in this world, Paul Giamatty and Rachel Weisses have brought some life with a thin role in the point of view and this is because they are very good for the actor in this movie. Paul Giamatty St. Nick brings the depth and warmth of his character, but when he is sabotaging his sad siblings, he is forced to behave for his children. In the face of Gayatri, you can see that he is not kidding about his role and it paints in some parts of the picture. Rachel Weise comes up with a sense of humor and spirit in her role, but she does not have much character to work with, and you can see in her face that she is well-aware about her, so she feels annoyed with some part of the film. Fortunately for her, she is mostly in film and is able to save some faces, unlike Gametti, who is planning to fire her agent at the end of the film. The direction seems inappropriate, as if it was not like a feeling or stream, and it was supposed to be a holiday movie, but it seems to have ended so that you are looking at an innovative widow exhibition that is being broken. <Br /> I do not know what went wrong here but only two actors (Gaimatty and Weisz) wanted to bring something to the table for their best efforts, which they had to work with. Feelings for this topic (and all this is a Christmas movie) and an actor who is not concerned about his performance (Von), you have very unfinished bad films which are very painful to watch.
