An unreasonable, highly predictable and just a little less creative recreation of a scientist-form reformer, which we have seen all over the world - a group of separatist scientists, some unknown aliens, and everywhere (wonders, surprisingly) Antarctica! <br /> <br /> There are James Spadar and almost non-supporting supporting cast features (except for Karl Lewis, this is not really bad for a non-actor) - Those who offer ah-humane performance little to raise the script's unpopular dialogue. To make things worse, the motion of the film is slow, almost no subpages, and some verb sequences are stereotyptic and are not exciting. This thing went straight to the DVD. Spadar Why - Sparker won the Best Actor Award for 'Gender, False and Videotape' - A wonderful actor, and did amazing work in 'Stargate' innovative science file - why this sign of hope is to be signed. Or perhaps, if you look at her career, it seems she has invested more than her counterpart hits. <br /> <br /> The most remarkable thing about 'Allen Hunter' is how many great scientists can work in this way, many elements from the fai film, and yet things become so void and conrived. 'The Thing' (Both Howard Hock's Original and John Currenter's Excellent 1982 Remix); There is a lot of borrowing bills from both 'communication' and 'outbreak'; 'Alien', CE3K ',' The Andromeda Strain ',' Kubrix ''s 2001 Indications (i.e.' Alien Black Box ') and' Mission to Tascal '(i.e. mystery message); Even a little dash of 'Snikers' and 'A Remarkable Mind' (though not Saifai films, they will share a 'cryptology' connection). Hell, like the latest 'x file movie', even cornfields and antarctica. And ultimately the illuminated Transparent Spaceship shows something exactly that came out of 'The Abyss'. <br /> <br /> It has been done all the time and it has been much better, though I would admit that there was some light wonder in the end. I can say more about the plot, but there is absolutely no need. You already know half of this movie because you do not see it. (5 out of 10)
