I'm dumbfounded. Yes, that's right. I'm really caught here. In no way did I find this terrible, but on the other hand it was a weird and ugly inconsistent frustrating experience in the brain. The idea behind such a trim, is that the production of low-budget indies is not bad, but it's a confusing muddle and ultimately nothing for me. It's amateur and easy; It does not want that it wants to absorb beyond logic and is late fashionably fast filming style. For us to have a documentary laced (hand held) camera running everywhere (without leaving the van), and occasionally inappropriate and vague makes it difficult to portray certain specifications. Recently you can use it, but in many cases it becomes very confusing and even boring. It will still help keep it. There is little role in the context (in which five teen girls roam from the football game late at night and lost on the road behind them, they are involved in a minor accident on the road, which is an inauspicious SUV headlight, afraid they escape and not too long That one-light SUV appeared in their back. Soon their nightmare created an unforgettable emotion of terror RA) pulled most of the time, the cat-and-mouse game played soragolapurna and spend uninterrupted. <br /> <br /> Why is it boring? I guess that depends. In some moments, you can create it by focusing on pain, frustration, and brutal cruelty (the image is a good use of holes in FX, which seems to be more preferred over the picture, and does not forget the effects of isolated background noise), but I also see myself snaking. In the paragraph it can be annoying and intense with a real slow racing, but rarely credible. Random character injuries do not seem to be as serious as you believe, although they obviously should be. See how blood is running freely, but it is not entirely believable and can be dull. The constant can only do so before getting the sheer car chase repeat. We get screaming, spewing, bleeding, running, cursing, body fluids and so on. Very unexpected details too follow. What to do really, it is written that it requires a much stronger script than forced to be scaled. There have been a lot of cunning-ants, and there was not a lot of depth in terms of character and circumstance. It was set-piece, waiting to face next torture and it was prolonged. Help out was an unpredictable pattern. <br /> <br /> Performance; Jennifer Brunet, Angela Brunda, Daniel Lily, Sandra Paduk and Mia Eie draw a true chemistry for their extraordinary character-like character and the weakness of her character-based scripts. Veronica Garcia flipped out, was there something like the driver of the bug-id intensity SUV ?? Yes something The genuineness of the character of his character for the violence of women and its unstable state of mind does not exist. I guess being good enough to be a psychologist. Now perhaps the most extraordinary thing was that I came across this feature that was threatening soundtracks. Scores of awesome techno music, adhesive rock solid and an overwrought off. It never felt extra or did not fall in the way, but it became hard like a stubborn thumb. Co-director Greg Swisen and Ryan Thyssen try to get out of their little resources, but even with radioactive attitudes, it becomes quite a ramshackle. Maybe it was enjoyable to do, but it was not just the case of observers.
