Looking at the truth of love (this is the double entrance of the star?) White cry or the frequent frequent frequent frequent frequent sunlight - You have kept it in the DVD slot because there is nothing left on the shelf of the store and you have a great day after protests Needed And it works for that purpose: It's a bit more as a British romantic comedy. <br /> <br /> The story is simple than a wife Alice (Jennifer Love Hewitt) who married her single unmarried husband Sam (Jimmy Mistri), who kept her love alive because of her busy law practice. His partner Arki (Dograke Scott) likes both Sam and Alice, but Alice's long-standing attraction goes beyond friendship. Alice pals is her sister Falcity (Kate Miles), a free love advocate, who encourages Elise to pursue the subject. After Valentine's Day, after the exchange of water with his sister, Alice Sam signed a 'sign' sign with a card to check whether Sam was reacting to his honesty or not. At the same time, Archie calls Alice a fistful seed packet on which he did not compose a consultative love. There are actual regrets in both ex-posts. Sam actually spends time with boyfriend Katia (Bronchi Catic) and really cheated Elise. Alice arranges for appointment with Sam through email and phone calls and plans to see Sam in disguise as 'anonymous' to check its integrity. The whole wave of characters is characterized by shameless character and the last evidence proves that true love must be based on the truth - and how wonderful is the Wonderful script (type) of different scripts among different pairs. <br /> <br /> British comedies work due to the quality of writing and the stringent quality of the actors. Perhaps Director John Hein Jennifer Lew is selected to cast a British actress as Alice instead of pasting a Fony accent in Hewitt, and the result may be improved. But in the end, this story of Peter Blor came in the midst of his humorous humorous and loving interest in his messages. A terrible confusion is a musical score which is consistently so strong that it covers all the dialogue and infiltrates. There are some beautiful scenes in London and a few minutes of parcel humor, but ultimately this little film is used as background music / white sound. Grady Harp
