Yes, I know - you're quivering with excitement. Well, * Doctor's secret life * will not disturb your expectations: It is strongly planned, although it is unimaginable, truthful but lazy. It is about the story of a married couple who is in the tooth and share the same practice (already a recipe for the problem: if it is not for our separate work-life, then we will all remove our germs from the germs). Campbell Scott, whose mentality and mentality are not remembered, is all reminiscent of The Simpsons * from Ned Flanders, Silent-Mental, uber-Dad Husband, and Hope Davis, a boring housewife who channels his frustration in an amateur opera. One night, Dad and daughter took part in Davis's movements, she discovered that her wife is looking at her depression rather than singing: she kisses her wife and flirts with opera operators. (A nice touch: we never see the opera-director's face.) Expectations to start a case for separation, divorce and custody hearing are scary - only profitable for lawyers - Scott shows ignorance about his wife's disappearance. br>> <br /> The educators among you already started to wake up: Hu-hum, pathy, another story of sniveling Little Cuckold. But Rudolf, who took the story from Jane Geniei's novel, is optimistic that the material will be compensated by a series of fine, modern touches series due to its good health. For example, one of Scott's rebellious patients (Dennis Levi, relatively - and disciplined - in Czech) would then become a kind of creation of the fantasy of the dentist, which appeared as an old-time Devil-on-the-Advocate. Fashioned mankulin attributes ("dump b --- h!", Etc.). If not caught by his fantastic new friend, Scott feels painfully by imagination, in which his wife has three methods of male dental assistants who work in their practice. It is not going too far, because this film is for real public * Aija Wide Shot * (or Ground-Compass, at least). Campbell Scott and Hope Davis are certainly recognized people compared to Cruz and Kidman's glamorous pair. In addition, the script for 'secret life' is definitely more relevant than umbilicus. As a proof, I am a child of Dentistry, especially the youngest, who is about 3 or 4 years old, and whose main statement is "Father, Father, Father, Father, Father, Father!" This family life, okay, with all his charms. <br /> <br /> Movie * Crash vs Crumaran * will be an interesting double bill. One can easily find the American men's family from 1979 to 2003. His father was a housewife * Crumara *, but he did not play domestic role, like Dustin Hoffman, who was very tragic, toast. Here, Scott works all the bumpers, such as fliping babies, cooking, cleaning, taking children to any starvation after Scholar's activities. And all without complaining. (And it is granted without any instructional commentary.) <br /> <br /> This picture has the attributes, mostly in the case of chromaticity. However, it has come down from greatness with emphasis on conventional deviation, which ends in a long scene where the abdominal flu roams around the fifth day. We must endure fantastic fantasy sequences, started by the legendary ringleader Leary. Whose existence, by the way, is finally remembered for Brad Pitt character in * Fight Club *. And this is finally the other big flaw in the movie: the lack of basicity drives home. In this review, I realized that it was much easier to mention many other movies. Imagine, most of these movies are an improvement, but still. * Doctor's secret life is * worth seeing, but it's not very excited about it. (You were not that excited at all, whatever. I guess.)
