Perhaps none of the previous critics, many of whom did not appreciate the film for its accuracy, actually did Louis Pasteur's biography. The relationship between Paisestar and Napoleon III is the most ambiguous. Later in the late 1930s a bad light was always shown. Although he was far from a pretty character-he was a neutral politician and self-appointed "military talent" who allowed France to drag in a disastrous war, he is not stupid reactionary described here. His science was intelligent and like many other people of the 19th century, it saw a bright future, as it would improve. After Pasteur was exiled, he was his Patron, created a laboratory and provided all the resources. He needed him for his research. When the lab was under construction, West became seriously ill. An bureaucrat decided that soon a person would die for the purpose of making a laboratory for the person who would die, and to suspend the work on his own authority. The emperor had heard about this, his turmoil threatened the bureaucracy, so that a storm of damage arose and the work started again. Emperor personally went to the West for relief and assured him that he would get his lab. The emperor is often praised by the members of his court for praising the project, and it is clear to everybody that the king's emperor's beloved. The main concern of the Father's Chief Emperor was that Napoleon was worried that the West was virtually a metaphor who was able to do almost anything, and continued to present his work to him beyond his previous experience. Pastur, very modest people were always protesting this, but Napoleon used to say that he had complete faith in him and despite the misconceptions that Western people had always come through, always came through. They had always had a close and friendly relationship, and after overthrowing the emperor, the animal refused to do a bad thing about her, grateful for the end of her life. <br /> <br /> She has a child, and her policy has been offered to the pachyurt doctor, never happened. The anthrax and rabies, which he was famous, are generally correct, but the idea that anthrax test raises him from fame to obscurity. Lie He was famous and respected at the time this happened. This movie is okay from a dramatic perspective, but biography is very distorted as well.
