-Spiels- There is something to do with BlasMail, which is a cooperative executive executive of Rumenlaski Blackmouth, south of Lum South, on the border of courage, which depends on Venezuelan sea-bearer David Jigler, who lives the life of Raleigh or Jigler on his beach. Home in Cancún Mexico. Keeping this CD, he gave his brother James, in which three years of phone conversations between Regalczky and the President of the United States are involved in criminal agreements. This CD gave an edge to David on those international mobsters. <br /> <br /> James tried to reduce Rosenlosky to 22 million diamonds, became a little greedy, not only spent his life but also risked his loss to David. Raspenskski wants to talk to David for his CD by talking to her ex-wife, Lease, Rozelskski makes an agreement to pay her loan if she comes through. Later, David killed Rosenlissky's Mexican hit man Tony, with the help of a white white shark, who did not go for all these peaceful behavior in his boss. <br /> <br /> Tony brought the CD that had been kept for safe at Leicester in a local hotel and now wants to kill James, as he did David, and also kept the CD on top of Rosenlausky. <br /> <br /> Secretly concealed secret secret secret secret secret information kept secret secret from Dr. David. David also wants to take a diamond, and at the same time, his boss Rosenskski gives the idea that David will use it later even after the CD is lost, Rosenloski knew who was behind him, to blackmail him. <br /> <br /> The movie "Sharks of Night" has a large number of shark attacks with this large white shark, which show up to half a dozen members, including Tony. The strong-confident David knife uses high explosives and Molotov cocktails in gun control, as well as using his fists to find the whole Tony crew. Even the killer shark finishes with Tony, but with a knife, not a gun. When firearms were used to use his firearm, his friend and Sidekick Paco survived a girlfriend Juanita and her father father Mattia Tony and her gang guns were not with David. She was some other knife and spear man had something else. The end of the movie was almost convincing, as you thought that David stood up from the crowd after fear of being killed by a tears, then Russelloski was believed to have died and left the village. David continues his life as a free lifestyle and loving beach and no one wants to kill him and is rich in nearly two million dollars. From David's credits, he returns his CD to Roscoi to his friend Paquo, but if there is something that happens to his cousin, who is not aware of where and where he is, he will close his big mouth and tell the world his dirty and criminal About the deal
