[Spinner Controller !!!] <br /> <br /> Timon and Pumba are watching Lion King. Timon decided to return before the start, when the story started. So they go back. Get back Simba was back before birth. Returned to Timon's old house which was miles away from Pride Rock. A group of Mirsat surrounded the Underground, hidden from Heineas. There was a great, self-centered mirror named Timon, the worst miner in the group. Her mother apologized to her but Uncle Mac grabbed her head. Mother suggested to give Timon a volunteer job; Timon was a big and good place to dream out of nowhere. Only then, Hena Shenzi, Bonzai and Ed came and nearly killed the poor Uncle Mac. That's it Another Mircot just wanted to leave Timon, Timon told him to leave. So he kissed his mother bye and started off. He was not too far before he started walking around the house. Only then did he meet Rafiq, who looked after him more than he saw him. Timothy did not have any source, which means he continued to continue and met a warthog called Pumba, who was alone due to a flatulence problem. Timon and Pablo then joined, but Timon announced their contact rather than friends. <br /> <br /> They were involved in all zebra, antelope, wildlife, cavity, giraffes, elephants and many other common animals where they soon reached Pride Rock. What was going to happen Timon does not care They pressed. Then Timon saw Pride Rock of Rafiq, something in the air that he could not see. Only then all the animals took a bow. Was this the birth of the new king honor? No, Pumba passed the gas and the animals bowed down to cover their nose; Timon and Pumba try to store new houses, but everyone is uncomfortable because of the huge stamps of endless singers or hainas or wildlife! Pumbaa and Timon suddenly find themselves heading down the stream. When they reach the land, Timon decides to leave. But then they roam around their new dream. It was beautiful: as long as the eyes and eyes could be seen, the trees and the water fell. A strange phrase learned from Timon Rafique after the place: Hakuna Matata One day in the afternoon, Timon and Pabba bowled out for bowling and suddenly went to Simba. They take him under their wings and become father figures. They teach him the art of belching and eating competition. Soon, a teenager Simba takes Timon to compete in a gobble slurping. Simba wins, Timon is ill to die <br /> <br /> One day, Simba's childhood friend reached the nallah. Timon and Pumba knew that he would break the friendship. Suddenly went to Simba. Nala and Pabba are behind him, but not Timon. He decides to remain in "Hakuna Mata" by himself, until Rafiqi thinks something in him, so he joins his friends at Pride Rock. Timon's mother and Uncle Mac then came. Fighting with Simba Square, Mother and McHenes dug a big hole to trap Shanxi, Banjai and Ed in trap. It works. The square soon spread to the same hole where he ate by Hena. Then all is well. Mother, Uncle Max and the rest of the Mirkata, Himuna Mother lives in Paradise with Timon and Pabba. At present, when Timon and Puamaab finished the movie, Mother Suddenly, Uncle Mac, Simba and Rafiqi would like to see it again. So Mickey Mouse, Donald Dock, Goffi, Snow White, Seven Darfes, Dumbo, Peter Pan, The Lost Boys, Mad Hatter, March Hare, Jenny, Alladin and Jasmine. <br /> <br /> Well, I must say that lion king 1 1/2 was not exactly as good as I expected. It was very ridiculous and silly. The original Lion King was a wonderful composition. It was a serious story with a light comedy cast. This one was stupid and it would make a mockery. I swear, sometimes Timon and Pumbaa are overplayed in the very way. They're overplayed just the annoying point, being fun. The original voice cast is back: Nathan Lane as Timon, Arnie Sabella as Pimba, Matthew Broadcroft as Adult Symbha, Hughie Goldberg as Shanji, Banjai's Chey Marin, Jim Cumm as Ed, Rafiq Gillam as Rafiqi. Cast is new to Timman's mother and Jackie Kawner in the long-running series of Simpsons TV's (very) series like Jackie Stiller. However, anyway, this movie is not the third of Lion King, and it is not second because already a second. After Part I and Part II, it takes place a way away. So, this is 1 1/2. In conclusion, I do not recommend this to die hard Lion King fans because it is very ridiculous and misleading. But the kids will like it so I recommend them. I hope it will be the last Leon King movie. Two are enough "Lion King 1 1/2". We came to expect from Disney Sigail makers. <br /> <br /> -
