A director and his crew lowered their head to Bell Manannen to create a low-budget horror film about the seven mysterious deaths of the Bell family that took place there in the past century. Even with the caretaker's warning, the director does not pay attention to the cursed house. A crew found a book named Tibetan Book of the Dead and used some parts of it for their script. But while doing it, red stars raise a ghoul from his grave. <br /> <br /> All of the boring, confusing and rolled in one, this penniless equates to midnight horror production. What seems like an eternity, it's just not going to show anything in effect or appear to be somewhat modest ideas. Although director Paul Harrison's guise, a couple of intense movements, moody and atmospheric set pieces built. But laziness was not set early. Throughout the framework of the film, the whole film comes in most movies, and at the moment nothing happens very enthusiastically. No it's fun Bob Clarke's "Children Should Not Play With the Dead" (1972) ", and now we have old actors in our part. But I've found "seven corpses" worse. At the beginning of the script, some cutting intelligence has increased a lot, before it ends, is predictable and with many incomplete possibilities. The cheap foundation involved in the limited set does not help in both cases, but the dreary of the palace, the dark look it was a vague wind. Running from a recognized B-Cast is mainly rigid. In small parts John Carradine lurks mainly about me. Acting a hot-headed director of John Ireland, Faith Demeru's smoker actress demanded attention and Charles Hamwell hammered it. Slowly "Ten Little Indians" and your normal zombie crosses the set-up. But it's not all that compelling, even with its secret and supernatural edge. Hell in addition to any cemetery, even throwing no prevailing action. When does the rolling ghoul make his appearance ?? Finally, but a little late. It's very annoying, do not get a little better. Just like the inspired inauguration, it's finally downbeat delicious. Bad in, it constantly drags. Continuous existence is available in many scenes and death scenes are more exciting and bloody (but actually weakly executed) in the films they make, so what will happen to them when the zombie appears? Generic music scores are stereotyped camera-work with flunkers with its beds, but Gothic cues Frank, and the lack of imagination. Shoot and frames. Shoot and frames. Finish the job That's a wrap-up.
