It is such a movie where it is indeed hard to admit that it really sucks, really. I usually sanctify stuff like this! Elementary 70's Greenhouse is spell-off with excellent gesture titles and generally with at least the budget's atmosphere. "Seven Corps House" appeared to solve more trumpets, because Cast was a rallying of the generous generator veterans (including John Carradine, John Ireland and Feth Domingu) and the location of the filming (the famous house, the cemetery). Useful for a sad story of terrorism. The film opens with its greatest greatest and most scary memorable sequences, although sadly they qualify as such. The credits describe a fantastic montage, complete with peculiar color effects and eerie freeze-frames, that the title room received its infamous reputation. The last seven owners have been mysteriously killed and credit montage shows their final moments. Some people shouted at the balcony, a lady drowned in her bathtub, and another female body hanging from the roof to the four macar tables. The house is cursed and not only need to say the painful behavior of the caretaker Mr. Price (Carradine) only fortify this reputation. In other words, the room creates an ideal model for the acclaimed director Eric Hartman (John Ireland) for his Shannic Horror Film Project shoot. The film-in-film structure mainly considers "seven Corps House" so annoying and irrational. Many of the crew members toured on the camera and dragged around the wire and many of the film was damaged? Worse ?? Believing Domergue and Charles Macaulay portray horridly helpless actor stereotypes. The plot finally becomes a little interesting (remember only a little bit), when a person can read a few lines of a secret book, and accidentally a revolving body will wake up behind the house. The bustle (judged by the sound he made) reminded how zombie gradually became head for the house and kill the whole movie crew, turned into the previous seven bodies. After about 60 minutes of running time, the picture suddenly becomes weird and confusing. Whether I am still uncertain whether to be resurrected in the final wrapping or just to do with the coincidence and some of the remaining characters suddenly seemed to be psychologically transformed soon before they died. I am truly sorry to say "The seven Corps House" is a pretty awesome movie. The location and the scenery are frustrating, but are not used in almost complete effects and there is a serious lack of terrible bloodshed. Much of the 70 budgets were gemstones wildly, so no excuse for lack of money and film-in-film killings actually count. Even the ever-reliable old star even gives hammi performance and Harrison's side is completely unclear. Not recommended, if you do not feel worthless trying to buy a copy of playing the Credit Montage, opening two-and-a-half minutes of freezing cold.
