I have three comments about this picture, which I found lazily in a lower shelf in Blockbuster. First of all, filmmakers are interesting to see the methods of trying to do unsuccessfully unsupported tasks. There are some, as Kubrick gave "Lolita", the original writer came to write a screenplay that is something like the original work Of course that can not happen here; Craft-ibing long dead. Many use it in the premises of the main work as the launch point to go to the completely new, irrelevant aspect (the recent adaptation of "Trustworthy Shandie" comes here). You can submerge it - the movie of "Butchery Five" is an example in my mind. Or you can just take the original format and try to render it on the regular Vignettes. Woody Allen's expression "What you wanted to know about sex" is the expression, and, logically, this movie. On the basis of consideration, it is probably the only thing that can do a scholarly job like "psychopathia sex". Possible loss is the fact that the main point at which the additive points were unclear or destroyed. And so it's here. <br /> <br /> Two points are cinematic style. Some people call it Mournu, Pasteur, Karl Dryer, etc. "Veneration", but I think it is more crude than this. It is far too heavy to be effective for elephants and self conscious long. It's just annoying at all. <br /> <br /> Three of the points are probably a less intelligent monitoring. How are people responsible for this so incredibly annoying that managed to create a movie about wild sex deviation and distortion? I think it is impossible to pay attention to the film, and anyone who does not automatically draw on sexually transmitted screenplays can find it. I do not want to be completely obsolete and say that the movie is useless, but I need to say that any point source of filmmakers is obscure by material nature, excessive copy of filmistic styles, and a repetitive rejection of the hearing audience (possibly for fear of accusing Tytlesan). <br /> <br /> This film is a suspicious exercise from the beginning and does not really work for me, I'm sorry.
