Wow, this is very unusual about a topic: Usually a long string of long synchrals are good at first movie bunch. People are really surprised when a signal is actually good. With Tarzan, I thought this movie was the biggest bunch, or at least the first six that included my Tarzan DVD collection package. I will gladly see the sequels multiple times but I thank the various characters through this through sitting through Turkey. Well, first let's start with good news: <br /> <br /> - Well, lots of activities with lots of wild animals in the exhibition, even if they are just stock footage. You see lion invasion, crocodiles, hippos, panthers, you name it, and you see various tribes of all kinds including pygmies (called movie "dwarfs"), this movie was made almost 75 years ago. Can not hurt in any real way because they have not been in the film since long ago. You can make it as good as you can with actors in front of fake backgrounds. However, the Waisamulla saw the scene of many steps and was very large. O and O and Sullivan's Golden Years movie, if ever made a pretty handsome couple. This film has a historical value (with a series of successes) It can be seen how Tarzan Jane and her introduction to learning English <br /> <br /> BAD - From the moment "Zen Parker" is taken by Tarzan, almost all scenes with him are Marion and Sullivan in the scene of cruelty, drunken and screaming. After the scene. It gives you headache and it is enough to destroy the film. Thankfully, he is cool in sequels, but this movie does not. The film does not support any movie for "The Great White Hunter". C. Ober Smith, playing Jane's father, and Neil Hamilton, "Harry Holt", Safari's Guide, shoots every animal in the philosophy, whether or not the animals are threatening. This is killing people - especially Smith, happy. In another note, it is very bad that here Tarzan explains how to be the jungle in the first place there is nothing here. He has no history here or his growing footage. He is only there when Jane and group arrive at certain places in Africa.
