Despite his Tony Boxing in the incredible year of drummer, Broadway, Stage does not tell a jewel in the musical crown. However, it is not said right in the cinematic hands that it can not be polished and smooth on some copyable screens. Unfortunately, no transfer to the screen is basically a loyal version of a stage slash, which protects its underlying vulnerabilities. First, the score was never one of the strongest points in this product, and the film did not change that factor. There are many songs (probably many?), But some of them are especially memorable. It is a great song without any dramatic set pieces for the character of the epic (Jennifer Hodson), which is the most praised and I'm Tiling You You Am No No Ging Huffle. . The film is well-stocked and technically well-produced, but stories and letters are thin in despair and lack of resonance. There is some interest in the opening moment, as Seymengley's manager, Jamie Fox sees her work on top of Manipulue, but in the next part of the film, it sets a seat, when the story tries to throw her as a villain easily. In most cases, he was right from a business standpoint. Beyonce Knowles is beautiful and her song is perfectly singing well, but basically stuck to a character who is all the surface glitz. As a third member of the third member of Dreamgall, Anika Noney Rose literally means nothing to do for the whole film. Eddie Murphy has excelled himself as a James Brown-based singer, but the role is not particularly carnal, and eventually has little effect. Foxx would seem ideal cast, but he seems weirdly recalled and bored. The biggest selling of the film is definitely American American Idol Contest / Oscar Winner Jennifer Hodson, the central role of Effie White, who was naturally booted from singer groups and returned a successful completion job. For me, Effie has always had a big problem in both shows and movies. The film obviously wants you to apologize and Ham can instead hand her over, but I'm not sure that the character is worthy of that kind of devotion. From the very beginning, Fife conducts the most humiliating, arrogant and self-centered diva, who is more interested in what others can do for him despite being more interested in it, despite being a partner in this part. When booted from the team for his abnormalities and bad attitudes, the charges are far more than well established, but the stage shows / films seem to have to spend an extraordinary slump because they have a great voice. Although the film tries to soften Eiffy's tough edges to make it more suitable, the charges are still standing. His story becomes more sympathetic, so that he can show us more sympathy because he is struggling to raise his daughter to a single mother - using this significance (like a meritorious card) motherhood makes any behavior useful immediately. Actually, the film is the only major effort to care for Fife's mother, to let us know about it and then include a scene where she sprouts her daughter into the unemployment office, stressing that the girl does not have "no father" and then singing refusing to look profitable From all of their support he knows. In the hands of a skilled actress, perhaps the remedy with technique and charisma was made. Unfortunately, Hudson is not the actress. He is good song, but the moment of dialogue runs naturally does not come to him and does not have a high mental moment. Effie's signature moment (before and I'm telling you ... the number) is well-sung by Hodson, but the acting section mentally flattens. Effie is supposed to reveal her anger and frustration in her accident, but Hodson comes off as a cabaret actor belting out a hot figure out. All in all, quite one emotional highlight does not expect one. The next part of the film is basically a predictable fair that brings back Foxx back to Hudson's previous position and allows him to return to everyone and observe it on everyone. The film's criminal offenses are undoubtedly the same for many struggling record makers. However, the film's visual indication that he is coming because he helped in the disco era, rather ridiculous, especially with a hole in the coming, all the depth in a film. The end result is a trustworthy representation of the stage hits, emotions, energy or drained something that can be described as dynamic.
