Forrest Whitaker's performance is more impressive to make it more effective for this drake to fit through. The history of "historical fiction" change is not justified. Beginning ignorance from the ground with imagined lead character imagined by James McAvoy. Sad to create a fictional observer to give readers a point of connection to the book, sadly, the white man can read a book without just connecting to a white drama, but at least he has a somewhat passive role. It is unlawful, lazy and stupid to publish this fiction around the world by creating a fake historical actor and publishing Amin. The activities of this creation are not only believable but also not just criminal, and he has opened the door for any movies he is planning to make Leonardo Di Caprio as the heroic Enron group, which has never been published. The world's argument does not apply to this movie, where the Scottish child feels right to sleep with a murderer's wife. The dictator's wife wants to sleep some stupid white boy where it does not apply. Everyone is scared to sleep with this irresponsible, arrogant white boy, even for the sake of this matter, even if he has to cheer gillian and Anderson. <br /> <br /> Announce me, I do not like James MacAye. I'm not sure what I am sure about him, but I thought that his Master Mr. Thomas is unclear and very scared. I think that Kerry Washington will never see him twice, so I can not believe that the wife of a powerful dangerous man like Amin will take his risk and lose his life for him. I do not believe him as a doctor, and I just do not see the appeal. His character seems to be much more arrogant than the senses, and he was trying to look like a bad man in the shooting of the cow ... again that word ... illogical Think about it, you are sticking to these characters themselves to accommodate all these incredible main characters, and such a person was never there. <br /> <br /> Jillian Anderson feels incredible and thinks more British than most Bright's. . Whitaker gave a remarkable magnetic performance, and with his unclear pre-Oscar lecture, he described how much he is acting. It is a shame that there is no reason for the film around him.
