I have been seeing again for the first time since many years, how it is considered to be the worst and hardy. For me, it is not as bad as "air rides wardens" and "the bullfighters", but there are some major bugs in it. This movie was created to show the launches and hardies as dance studios owner and trainer. Hardie is funny as a "London Bridge" drawing lead, surrounded by 20th Century Fox Starlet, when in the next room, Laurel teaches the ballet by wearing ballet dresses. A strange carpet spills on the floor, leading to a predicable muzzle where Hardies looser ends up. Then, come racketeers, now cover their safety rocket insurance sales. One of them is young and handsome Robert Mitchell. But as soon as they suffer from buying insurance for children, they are arrested. <br /> <br /> The last and last of these gangsters, we saw dance studio. The rest is supported by Lorel and Hardy-backed patron sponsors Trude Marshall and his inventive boyfriend Robert Bailey. They first tried to help hide their relationships from their disgraceful parents (Matt Briggs and Margaret Dumont) and hopeful sutter Allan Lane, which we can say correctly, is not a good swine. It is published in a teas-wide dumont of the brigade's hidden bar, and a throat where the braces are dragged from the wealthy fathers, which crashes down their bed in a pond. When Bailey helps kids show their ray guns, pandemonium ensues. Dead-Pan Butler announced to the case and Dumont that their house was burnt to the fire. Afterwards, Hardy wants to use insurance policies to make money for renting his dance studio and hoping for a break, so a leg is there. There was no reference that insurance vendors were gangsters and the policy would probably be illegal. (Even if they became legal insurance salesman, after the arrest, their license would be withdrawn). Loril closed a bus which was abandoned on a supposed doggie (only a snow-covered cake, like a totale, or perhaps a true weaning cake), causing Oliver's huge beach roller-coaster to complete the bus, in complete tracks Suitable for his wheels. Roller-coaster gags can be exciting, as proved in "Abbott and Costello Hollywood Go", and this is a fun but anticlocktic. <br /> <br /> When a story is awakened, all the gags that point to it, indicate that it was just a series of single-rollers that combines the full-length feature, which is expected to be part of a double bill. El and H, as I mentioned in other reviews of their subsequent films, most of the lights were lost after leaving the job of Hall Roche, but surprisingly they were old and tired, as was their year in films made by them. If gags are not fun, then for some of their other films, it will also make a "2" space opposite a "3".
