This image tries to conceal the fact that it uses all the art-house checks (slow motion, long static shot, short figure dialog) that there is nothing to see here: there is no plot to speak, lead) or clich (character of teirdeg), and They do not talk to each other about anything that is concerned about their unintended life. The film is centered around a woman who finds her husband about adultery. Instead of confronting him, he took revenge on half of his heartfelt adultery. After the war and reconciliation with his sister - without her, she knew about adultery - she asked her husband to stop cheating on her. They seem to re-unite as a family. Two other story lines - The planned move to increase the woman's growth of competing with Gurness and woman sister with her grown wife - does not offer any interesting development. Suicide is not a matter of suicide by a colleague who seems like to stop the show in the film itself. For 2005 or any other year - it is not enough to create an interesting movie. Also, there is no possibility of dramatic development to be used in scripts or consciously avoided, since both women and their sisters both identify a specific part of their parent's home furniture which will be sold due to its planned steps. Both sisters want this special piece and challenge them in the past - many more important things from the furniture: men - this theory can be a cause of conflict. Or the matter can be solved by one sister on another. However, it will not be a very interesting or original development of the story, but at least it will form some development. The film clearly sets this situation (Both sisters are looking at each other while identifying and a sister points out that she does not want to draw a bird) but it tricks us from a resolution: the scene just ends and how its rather patient and materialistic - the problem Solved, is not shown. <br /> <br /> Although almost entirely absent, the dialogue in the movie is frustrating flat and sharp. For example, while going to Garnes, two sisters address their rivalry, it is in a three-line dialogue with a child "yes it's - no it is not". War and reconciliation scenes with two sisters completely without dialogue - giving a highly artificial, over-style and unrealistic impression and reducing its impact. Finally Woman's Way - Finally! - Her husband seems to be talking about adultery in the only line of dialogue - and at the same time completely incredible. The husband does not show any reactionary response or if he has it, it is not shown. The woman does not mention her own adultery by her husband. The view that the woman, husband and their little boy sleeping at the airport might be seen by the sister, perhaps it is a happy ending, but in the earlier case, the letters make it impossible to deal with their living problems. Because of its slow, unintended story, lack of leadership and lack of dialogue, I found this image an example that is wrong with an art house movie and the complete waste of time can be.
