Likewise, a horror comedy that is not enough or comedy enough to qualify as one or the other. It's a scene that is pretty good, some zigzag works, but rarely is the real fear and enough humor to keep the movie. In addition, this script does not focus on heroes and heroes, and closes the kills in different places. <br /> <br /> Grant Grant (Michael Römer), who was released as a big failure in this film, and then left to follow his Fillion, became known for the first time and then became a monster. This whole part of the film gets diminished - the character of Michael Rooker is not as interesting to us as a person, and it may be interesting to see it through the continuation of the motion of the giant if it is Grant - a man's portrayal is a monster from a horror-comedy alien attack movie. Turn into In the final analysis, the problems of this film are in the script - it is not important how spectators act or promote the giant. A horror-comedy objective is to get back to a corner with a shotgun and then get thumped on them, cracking with them is to get scary or hated every time wise. Instead, we discover the habits and tricks of the alien who create this part by dragging the movie. The spectacular heroine (Elizabeth Bank as Starlla Grant) is more central than this part, but I still feel that the film has abandoned its descriptive track, until it is finally planning to follow Grant Grant. <br /> <br /> Fillion and its posse eventually begins to cook movie movie facing aliens, but again the problem is scripts. Audiences know that by this point - and the characters should know - that the grant is not only affected by some diseases and works accordingly (shotgun) - instead they constantly face growing evidence that it is not something that "we can get you to a hospital" help Going to do Although their responses may be human and real, but it should be an action movie character and only the film commitment should be completed - distributed activities With the lack of action scenes in a movie it is impossible with some concepts. <br /> <br /> *** After the first collision and Alien Larver Sack (the smallest character and probably the best view of the movie) this script again believes in the movie. At this time a letter is taken almost by the alien and develops insight into aliens. The writer-director (GUN) has chosen this character to be a completely new character, rather than the already developed miniature characters. Why? Why did he introduce a whole new character more than an hour into the movie which became the center of the plot? While attacking this character, we know very little about him and can take less care about him even if he is a prominent girl in his affection. If Guna decides not to use this character and uses only one of the few small letters established, then she could fully introduce her family and save time and money. In addition, the hero and heroine have fulfilled the alien's plan without all the additional characters, and as soon as the alien could fly away and away with more emphasis. <br /> <br /> The look of the movie based on my last critique. The quality was largely a writer, or perhaps it was budgetary obstacles, but the movie looked ugly and unwittingly. Most of the work takes place at night or in the field, and the screen easily pokes. Wheels set (in fictional cities where the action takes place) look cheap. The whole movie looks cheaper Box Office Mozo says the film's budget is $ 15 million, the newspaper is $ 29 million, and because they do not use any name talent, I say the money is not shown on the screen. The monster is just boring, and rarely looks fatal. <br /> <br /> The last criticism is basically based on the reality of character action. Fillion and Co has started hunting hunters / grants, a woman has disappeared and Grant is known to have been harmful creatures. At this moment, I wanted to wait for the FBI or at least the state police to withdraw from Hick Sheriff. A woman has disappeared and has probably been murdered, and has been played a local psychotic. The time to call the authorities But basically I hope that this will happen because I just want some characters and want to act. <br /> <br /> Although this movie is apparently a horror-comedy, the film is most similar to Dreamcatcher. The terms of the genie attack and the kind of monster and its purpose. There was a huge problem with the story of Dreamcatcher (especially the entire Morgan Freeman subplot), and especially to the end, it was quite powerful, mainly the main characters were strong, but more important because it looked beautiful. Although it may be orphaned - it likes the film which is weak due to the price of ordinary plots and structural spine - it shows you how I found silence.
