This movie is me malicious It could be I'm just a fool American, but I do not really get 400 Blows. Everything I read about this movie is roughly rave, but I just could not be interested. I'm sure that it was a revolutionary in film making, because critics are saying, but it's really annoying when it flies straight away. Maybe it's language barrier, I'm not just "sensitive" or "artisan", but whatever happens, I hate this movie. The story itself is not bad; This is about a young French boy who behaved unfairly by his parents and teachers, and finally he ended up with a young man. That would be interesting to yourself, and it was, first of all. There was nothing wrong with the dialogue, but it was difficult to say again because there were half the subtitles of the conversation and for some reason, so I did not know what I always knew. But for the dialogue we realized that it created enough knowledge. The actor was quite credible, but in this situation a real person is hard to tell. So you feel for the main character, but only in the sense that when he gets hurt you feel that they are good. The plot is not even your ideal plot. Every time he gets hurt, he gets more trouble than last time, but the reasons do not change very much. And through the whole film you realize that the original character can not really do anything about it. So it's just wait to see how it ended up. In the end, my head was completely. It's a very artsy way for me, and I do not get it. Finally leading was easy to follow. The structure was definitely there, and it also made sense, but everything was really dragged out. For the amount of dialogue and important moments, the film can be up to one hour short. It just does not end. Its part was unnecessary long shots, none of which was particularly memorable; For example, the last one is a clip that is running under a country street that lasted for thirty seconds. Now, I'm sure somewhere it had some deep meaning, but for the average viewer, I'd like to get some more food in that time. Or at least take a little more work to sit and see this boy run like, do my laundry or sleep. <br /> <br /> The final verdict was <br /> <br /> There was a feeling throughout the whole film that it is probably very moving and amazing and it teaches me some great life education, if I was just trying to tell the director about her? Unique decision As it was, I felt cheated out of my life two hours.
