This film "hit four hundred" is a mistake translation. Fire Les 400 coup "Meaning" to live the wild life. As a French, I was surprised when I see this good popularity, but no outstanding film. 1. This is not the first movie of the "novel app action"; Alain Renaissi's "Hiroshima Man Amor" (1958), Cloud Chibrail's "Li Beu Surrey" (1958), in the previous historic "Les 400 coup" came after Agnes Ward's "La Pointe Corre" (1956). 2. "Novevelle Blurred" was sometimes complex and difficult on their predecessors: Nightly, Julian Dvoeviar, Henry-George Clujot, Claude Ottann-Lara, Yevse Allegret and many others became dissatisfied. This selfishness and this humiliation are usually "novel obscure". You laugh at the great generation of the 30s (Renoir, Carney, Grimilon, Dubrovia already, Federer) (Maurice Tourneur or Max Linder). So, thanks to Trufft and thanks, some people will not discover some gems of French fifty or thirty decades (Duvvier's "Sous le Sail de Paris", Autoant-Lara "Daus", Yevse Alleghe "UC Jolly Petite Piezle" and "Manages"). . William Wyler, George Stevens and Fred Zenman were unable to go! 3. "Les 400 coup" technically frustrating: it is very academic, as long as the line can be a teacher, the teachers are such a teacher, and Claire has provided such a memorable line to Mary (you became a French, how ridiculous it was in the 1960s To understand): OK, your father only got a Braveet (junior school diploma) and for me, there is a diploma in my high school! You must know that in the 1960's SAARC, only 10% of the students were HSD in France! Antony Dowell should be proud of his mother! He wants him to have a diploma, who can blame him? 4. Consistent with the innovation of "Hiroshima Man Amor", which features a new "brand 400" coupled with a new form of brand and a new "split" material. Trophouche only superior higher "Jules and Jim", helped by the extraordinary Jeanne Moreau. 5. Explanation is rather tough; Jean-Pierre Leod, while sounding in English, is reasonably audible, still appropriate, but soon he will be most impressed by his generation. 6. Subject = Theft was a good day, before (Julian Duvier's "Poll de Carrot", "Los Olividados" by Luis Bonuel) and afterwards (Morris Piellat's "El Enfense Nou", Kenneth Louache's "K") I I do not want to disappoint Troubett, his movie is not bad, but, frankly, the French film buffs are "Jules and Jim" "El Enfant Sovaz" (a movie is incompatible with honest, true and commercially blame I love it. Pope "(" 400 coups "as" academic "but more interesting) or as his excellent hitcoach passive" Conscience Dim Dim ". <br /> <br />
