It is Frank Zapa's autonomy that "music journalism is a person who can not write interviews and can not talk to people who can not read." If you ever need proof that musicians can not speak, this is the movie for you. The monosyllabic comments distributed in the voice of arrogance eventually stumble upon the profundity repeat attempts themselves: "Wow." (Thank you, Idris Muhammad.) This movie is violent, but Yusu N'Dore and his funny men (and a token female) most of the gang's postings keep the song safe. <br /> <br /> The main idea behind the movie (which I take as the original idea, dredging out of unreasonable comments) is interesting. For the collection of a group of musicians from America and Europe, and various styles of music growing and extroverted among slaves, they travel in West African music with a concert of their roots and old ensemble. Gorée's on the coast of Senegal We are treating the Gospel, Blues, Jazz, and Variety of these, including New Orleans and Senegalese with excellent drumming. N'Do also has a good deal of own compositions. <br /> <br /> Sadly, it is another weakness. It is not completely clear that N'Dour wants to achieve himself. Up to a few degrees, the film seems to be self-propaganda exercise in Nador's part. He wants to play his own music, jazzed up to some degree and he performed in a bunch of acclaimed musicians. He definitely felt a bit embarrassed by this and at first got the blessing of the Gourbe Museum's courier. <br /> <br /> Conflicts between different agendas are seen in different places. For example, someone apparently felt that it was not possible to tell the story of the black song involved in the Gospel church, but N'Dore and most of his companions Moslemes (a point repeatedly made throughout the film). The early order associated with black Christians is uncomfortable and then they disappear from the story until the parallel group near the end of the story (only black Christians who can tone?). (To be justified, they will become victorious and perform the best part of the movie.) If the story of black music is to guide the gospel, why the Latin American direction? Where is the effect of black musical from the Caribbean and Brazil? Samba? Angry? Then there are Europe. Black Diaspora does not seem to have produced a musician here, since N'Dour likes a draft of Austrian guitarists and Luxembourg's trumpet player. Andor has played with him before, why are they in the team? Although I personally found most annoying, it was a long trend that America's Amir Barak (ASK Liori Jones) tried to revive the 60 Britian / Black power / Islam culture of the inhabitants of New York. Hearing people are talking about the importance of "knowing your history", and then the next breath of eternal ignorance. Why do so many African Americans believe that taking an Arabic name is a claim of their African roots? And why do they think Arabic Islam is much more commendable than European Christians? Do you think that they established trade among African slaves in the first place? At the moment it is not much to say about the situation in West Africa that the "current situation" is the result of the most brilliant and best results for 300 years. The Senegalese seem to be a poor but happy, musical genius, friendly and hostile, respecting their elders (and not on top of the American visitors in the fish market). Is this ethnic stereotyping or just my imagination? There is no comment on the armed guards that the surplus sequence is required before the Nador and Camara crew walk on the Dakar road. <br /> <br /> This picture has a strong effect. Dakar's servants came from Dakar. Similarities between New Orleans' Location Dreaming Style and Senegalese drumming style have been proven. Before the slaves were sent, their last thing was the fall of their homeland, and they were farewell to them. Except, of course, the slaves sent from Dakar did not come from calling. They were captured or operated internally by the coastal Senegalese and now sell any European power and sell them to the Ghori slaves' castle. Are not the people of Docker, the descendants of Africans, who escaped from slave trade, are they right? More likely ?? Those who sell their black brothers to slavery and exile to be their descendants. <br /> <br /> Two agenda clashes again in the final part of the picture. There are two distinct ends. On the one hand, N'Dore and Co-concert entered the Gori Ghulam castle premises and prepared and prepared for them. The other end comes when the identical Harmonians come back to the spiritual "greatness" at the entrance to the sea of ​​the Slave fortress. It is running deeply, even if it is difficult to believe but it is played as spontaneous to appear. <br /> <br /> This is a movie which is faulty. The story is vague, it is trying different directions and trying. Turned by annoying, confusing, beautiful and emotional. Watch it for music and feeling (listen to it), but do not expect knowledge or intellectual energy.
