I like the "curse of Frankenstein" so that I could again be frank of Destain "It was not a case of Chishofar Lee again!" For my great disappointment, this film is not only without Lee, but with Frankenstein's brain! Is it a case, "If we do not get Lee, then we will not have any monster"? Why would they do this? The whole thing of monsters is half fun !! This film is completely dedicated to the study of Baron Frankenstein and to complete the tests that started in the brain transplants before the end of a refuge. I found the script extremely weak, the need to stop the mistrust is very little over the audience. I would like to suspend a fair amount, but this movie became almost laughable, which took me out of the movie rather than submerge it. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> in this picture. To be one of the favorite actors and notorious sweet men, he can certainly play very good and annoying. Supporting Cast is capable, but there is little to do, even the young doctor and his partner, Blackmail, to help Frankenstein. An explosive police chief is presented with some of his comic reliefs on his Pot-on Sudakik, after which he is completely excluded from the movie! Why? We believe that Chief of police will be the main generosity of Baron, then we believe that it will be a young doctor, and then it will end until Frankenstein's brain is transplanted. There was no tension, we did not invest in "animals", and ended up being so hesitant to leave an unhappy because it is so clear that they are setting up another signal. Also, there are virtually no "awful" elements. Yes, there is a title at the beginning (off camera), and we're treating the words of cutting cushions at the top of the two men's pillars (again camera closed), and here are the most unreasonable and completely unnecessary rape scenes (which is 90%, again, the camera closed) . I understand that "viewers have a love to imagine everything in order to imagine it, because their fantasies are much worse than we show", but if you are not going to give us a monster, at least you choose to include us a few "horrible" See the ingredients. Showing a skeleton on a green light with a green light is not just scary. <br /> <br /> On a weak script, I think the instruction was mostly flat. Beautiful shots were two, but otherwise no tension, atmosphere, or mystery was generated. The same director "curse" in 1958 and I thought it was brilliantly directed ... I guess he was unaware of this movie. <br /> <br /> The image gets 4 out of 10 from me Strictly the strong, low performance of Peter Cushing ... Outside of this, I received a little bit to recommend this movie. Instead, my advice is to see "Curse of Frankenstein" and a really awesome Hammer horror movie.
