I did not understand this movie most of the time and no one else could do it based on other reviews. There is nothing to do with the rest of the story in this opening film. In it, the journalist of a big picture removed his holiday away from his girlfriend. She is engaged in a mountain range picture. It's rumored to be frustrated, but I could not tell if he had heard from his boss or later on the film. On his way, he meets a beautiful writer (Patty Shepard) and his work trip convinced him to join him. Throughout the world, there are these grotesque music scores, most of the cryptic singers who want to scream you "Shot Up !!!" A person would really chew that the film seems to be always good, though it never happens. There are beautiful mountain scenery and some really strange atmosphere. Gardens and silent, abandoned old buildings scattered in the hills, rather malfunctioning. The dirty nights look like real, someone set on a synthetic mist machine on the set. And the idea, not the original, was the possibility. But it does not improve, at least not fit enough. How to go here, more or less They stop this inn run by a strange innkeeper with a hearing problem (you expect him to name ego). There is a scene where the author thinks that there is a barrel in his leaves, but the scene is so dark, I had no idea what I was going to do. Whether this was poor light or a poor film transfer was unknown to me. No events, we do not know what happened. She is a scene where she wanders the night. She is not explained whether sleeping or heading is mesmerized by witches. Another scene which is never explained when their cars are stolen, found again, does not steal anything. They fly in this seemingly abandoned mountain village, whose only resident is to please this apparently old lady. There are some caves that are not explained in a cave with a disciplined wild man, an attempt to sacrifice the author in some way (can they kill him or join them?) Who will not show up in the last 15 minutes of the white dress and whose Practices and beliefs are not explained. Even the closed scene does not make any sense. When all is said and done, most people will say, "Hu?"
