It is very difficult to follow this film and put it very gently as it is frustrating to sit. Also the current print available is bold, awful, scratched, unusually edited, painfully packed, seemingly sensor, and almost even in unwanted shape. This movie is complete, ineffective, real negative, and how it is reasonably good for a good remastering of the atmospheric (and the director won a prize in the Catalonia film festival), it can really be worth the problem. Then again, probably not ... In the current situation it is impossible to say that this is actually what kind of films. It starts fairly interesting, if you can leave a completely pre-credit opening sequence, in which a big kitten, a girl named Gerda is involved in a snake-loving little girl. Girls' mother, Carla (Monica Randall, who gave some glare off the eye) splash some petrol around the garage and torch brat. Garda looks crazy as a young man, he goes to visit his infamous photographer (former?) Lover Mario ("John" / Sihangiri Caffari). He is on leave from work, but is so desperate to move away from Karla that he has requested him to be appointed for an appointment to recruit his employers ... no appointment He scowls "You'll be sorry!" As he heads out the door. Well, Mario was employed in the movie "Witch Mountain" (somewhere in Pyrenees, I believe). Before reaching his destination, he found Hollie on the beach of Delia (Patty Shepard) and presented a few pictures of picking up his bikini. Just a little scream, he claimed to be the sole writer, two flirts and then they decided to go tripped up together if it was a swell idea. When they stopped from his place, he could pack his bag, Mario suddenly heard loud, loud music. Delia claimed, he is just listening to something. <br /> <br /> So both of them started their journey on the hill, closed the local shelter for the night. There they are a weird, partially deaf, insane inspector (Victor Israel) and Delia claimed that someone was escorting through his window. The next day, under some trunks, he broke the mountain and finally Mario, who got out of his zip and ran after that. Apparently, what he wanted to know, some people steal their wheel and they are forced to walk into pieces, finally finding a surviving zip on the foot of a small, ancient, indifferent abandoned village ... almost anyone was deliberately trying to show their interest. There are. That's exactly what we look like. In the village, they meet a friendly elderly woman named Junta (Anna Farra), who claims that she is still the only person living in her house and her house. Mario takes some pictures of the "abandoned" city and when he develops them, they are undoubtedly full of people. Little trembling, he and Delia started to leave and "traitors" get caught in the fog and pull out at night and camp out. The rest of the movie is a Voodoo doll, a sexy cat's converted black cat, and a brutal fall on the devil's timepiece and a terrible fall on the hill. And yes, coincidentally, Karla's married wife turned into a sinking one. It all takes place in half dark and to be quite honest, I do not know what's happening most of the time. The unintended "open" ending is more than just the extra level of confusion with this extra intelligent mess. <br /> <br /> In fact, there are really some things like me really good. The first actress is Shepard, who like the bold Barbara Steele's bold, mysterious beauty. An excellent music score (Fernando Garcia Marcillo has been credited) and sang songs, which greatly helped to make this film as atmospheric. Location work is fairly decent, but as I said, the printing can be ugly and it does not create any consciousness, so proceed with caution in this matter.
