In Europe, it is known as Hu Dares Vince; In America, it is known as the ultimate alternative, but under this headline, this ridiculous SAS Action Flick tells the audience to keep their mistrust aside for about two hours. It is incredibly difficult to understand how the Laws Collins (here's the hero) was selected as the successor to Roger Moore in the bond film. .... this guy is so stupid, he will struggle to get a job in a candle museum. Candle !!!) Fortunately, Judy Davis is partially hand-picked with a fleshly performance as a hard-line lady terrorist, and has a climatic ten-minute action sequence which is quite efficiently preserved by the director Ian Sharpe. Let's add that it is very long, very long wait for this exciting tension to stop, and I can not honestly say that the effort to wait for just about two hours of honest work was valuable. <br /> <br /> SAS Hard Man Peter Schenen (Lewis Collins) has received secret news among a group of protesters who want to see the end of stock-peeling atomic weapons. He is the leader of his leader Frankie (Judy Davis), who speaks firmly and meets the opinionated woman, who can take extraordinary steps to achieve his goal. Frankie's group dedicated to the American Embassy in London, who claimed that the nuclear missile would be expelled on a naval vessel in Scotland (he believes that when a nuclear explosion will be witnessed for the real world, then everyone will be so surprised that they will join him. Campaign for disarmament). Unfortunately for Frankie, he made the mistake of accepting skeleton on his small embassy campaign, and he wanted to stop the SAS comrades from planning their inside from inside with a little better time off. Inspired - quite clearly - in 1981, the Iranian embassy's terrorist SAS attacked. Anyone who saw this phenomenon apparently thought that it would be good to create a similar film. Unfortunately, the film is rather vague, many stupid conversations and a hack of many embarrassing bad scenes (Archbishop's debate, which is a riot, anyone?) Frankie's idea can bring peace by strengthening the nuclear explosion. Anyway, it is ridiculous that the audience shakes while watching him as a funny villain, and then he becomes ridiculous. Who is the winner of the SAS that tries to celebrate a military legend, but at the same time it dips into ugly action clichés and ill-conceived plot. The result is an interesting but totally ineffective part of the boy's own irrationality.
