If my memory is correct, when this film is released, it happened like a comedy - a funny look in the adult entertainment industry. If it is supposed to be, it really does not work. It's not just that fun. Rather it is notable (since it is called a comedy!) In addition to failure, I do not have this personal knowledge of the subject, I can avoid comment about the authenticity of the story - which is related to running aspects behind the scenes. Without Toronto Massage Salon, say that - if this is true - life is quite dull. <br /> <br /> For an hour, this movie does not give much to us except some background knowledge of the main character. Conrad Massage Parlor's new tenant manager, whose basic work is certainly not giving "full service" to girls - a brightness for real sex. For women, Betií's goal is to buy one of his own forts, so that he can run his business, Sindy becomes an illegal immigrant to return to his family in Canada and Lehma - well, Leah is a bit weird, undefined character with a nipple fetish - due to the fact The business seems to be - well, because he is it! I have no idea what its character is about. These three good fairly reasonable Joint Characters can accurately represent the inspiration of women involved in this business. <br /> <br /> The managers and the "twist" about the movie appear to be as long as the Conrad is not far from the many bad guys. We will soon gotten that point The only thing here was really interesting is the part of the story - Conrad's secret plans and retaliation against the girls. The plan that was good for retaliation, and when it comes, you are grateful because you are really surprised at that point why you waste your time with it. If the story focuses more on retaliation, it can be a really fun movie. <br /> <br /> Performance from 4 Lead is okay, though I do not think some people came across outstanding. All four letters were a bit shallow. Syndi was a sympathetic character, and so Conrad was for a while, though he became a bad guy in the movie. Given to the topic, there are surprisingly little nudity (and there is limited to what a scene has). In fact, there is also a certain air of innocence in it. For the overall quality of the film, it shows a low-budget effort, though you expect a particular hatred, but I think a set of films is relative to the body's cyclone, so that it is forgiving. It must say a bit, though it was released some 8 years ago and because of the only credit for the resume of writer-director Soo Lewar and - due to the lack of depth of the Canadian film industry - it was not even considered worthy Canadian version of Oscars - being nominated for any Jenny Awards. 4/10 - And I'm being a little generous with that.
