Imagine that to transform a James Bond novel into a movie, filmmakers have removed all the tasks and mysteries to make the child friendly. Or if a television producer tells Chris Rock that he can not ask a question that he can get a special PG rating. Similarly, the director of "Something We Were Way Comes" cited melody and tone for young viewers. This book creates a neutral plot without complications. While trying to make the story "This distorted way came this way" to follow the children, the filmmakers had both left the theme of both good and bad, and it was always good for the catastrophe. This is evident in the converting of the character of the Will, the rescue of Charles Hallway's Jim and the defeat of Carnival. <br /> <br /> The film will be transformed into another adventure boy. Doth Witch visited a balloon house in Willow, the scene was dropped from the movie. Instead, a green fog follows Jim and Will House and gives the same bad dreams about the wings and his spider. The balloon attack shows us that the will started to win the fear of his own work. He rides on the roof of the neighbor and tears the balloon with a bow, defeats Wicha. "Sorry, Dad, he thought, laughing, smiling." I'm alone at the moment, "he will decide that he is ready to face her. (147.) Removing this scene from the movie helps us to understand that the adventure The film shows many examples of us being afraid to follow Jim, but sometimes his friend is not as enthusiastic. Will in the book is as good as his gym, calm and an "evil," courageous direction. In the film, each boy has the only idea that destroys both the good and bad presence of both Bradbury's themes. In the book, <br /> <br />, Jim will protect Jimmy because of their friendship, but, in the movie, Charles Hallway protects Jim's returning Jim's father. In Bradbury's novel, Jim will drag Jim from carousel because he does not want to be his best friend. It is a good will, the fact that he worried about his friend, which protects Jim from Carnival's evil curse. On Carriage, Jim "pulled his other hand into the air, one part, small, white, a different part that still remembered their friendship" (26 9.) It shows that there is a good balance inside the gym that still has the potential to defeat the evil . But when Charles Hollaway protects Jim in this film, he lends to Jim's father, which he saved the will when he was a young boy. By changing the motivation to save Jim, filmmakers have destroyed the original idea of ​​Bradbury that it feels good to win against the temple. <br /> <br /> At the end of the movie, tornadoes are replaced by carnival and laughter and smile. When the book ends, Mr. Dark himself takes a little boy and Charles Hollaway laughs and smiles so much that he can not stand and evaporate. In Bradbury's world, evil people are afraid and may be defeated by happiness and love. His message will always prevail over the good evil, but only that goodness is expressed externally. Charles Hallowy said, "It seems good to evil." "So I'll do just good for you, Z. I'll just hold on to you and see myself poisonous" (275.) In film, the only lightning struck by Mr. Dark Cable cartel, when it hit, and he dies Apart from weapons of humor and smile, filmmakers refer that bad weather is the most effective way to overcome evil, as power cuts only bad people. It highlights the main theme of Bradbury's book, which works "good" toward others, moving away from the temple. <br /> <br /> Good might always win over bad, but movies will try to make more kids friendly. Filmmakers give up some of the themes from the book they based on. In the film, "Something Wicked This Way Comes," will not convert, Will's friendship will not save Jim, and smile and laugh will not defeat Carnival. As a result, filmmakers have exceeded many of Bradbury's key points. The process of adapting a book into a movie is often the author of the world's destruction in the established world. In this story, Bradbury's fearsome world of good and evil opposition has become just a simple, easy version.
