Before I start, you need to know that I am a huge fan of many movies of Sony Chibo. His Master's Month Oyama was the most of his street fighter film, in his biography series of life, surprising and in the best ever martial arts film ever produced. This action was virtually non-stop and Bruce Lee's possible exception (depending on who you are asking), he was the greatest martial arts practitioner in the 1970s. Because they are so good, I saw at least 15 movies of them and recently bought something (which I am in the process of watching). <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, despite my love for these movies, I I will not give people such a degree in the degree that I rate 10 every month. There are some reviews like this at IMDB and I really think that anyone who ignores this movie 10 should be ignored because it is not even close to being a bad film and a better job of Chiba than from a technical perspective. 10 score is not a real rating - it's some junkie fan trying to make Chibo's statement, or this movie! I said, technically this picture is terrible. This was the result of seeing my irrelevant suggestion and the American Doubled version with bad dubbing. But most of the problems still exist with the original Japanese printing. The camera-work is just frustrating - like it was done by chimps (smart chips, even then early chips). Often, fast martial arts activities are mostly missed because the camera is so slow or the top of the actors' head is closed due to the exploitation of the production. And, again and again, the camera is used to go inside and outside as it is used in a new toy to be used by a fool and performs exceedingly unexpectedly - being cut violently and confusingly. <br /> <br /> I do not know whether or not the musical score is original - but it was very very bad. Like the 1970's Acid Rock, Anneo Mickron's "Spaghetti Western" was mixed with music - it was annoying, confusing, and simply intelligent. <br /> <br /> For the work of martial arts, I think chimps are improving dramatically. Instead of the big battle scenes you will be waiting for the movie in Chiba, the war is too short and often miss by the camera !! So the story with which you have left ... and this picture can be just the worst part! It is believed to be a drug-related film acting on Sony Chiba .... Soni Chib! And when the movie begins, he pledges to destroy the drug business in Japan. However, the Mafia (Italian does not deal with a single member, but all who are Japanese) pledge to stop chewing. And, when a woman comes to Chiba, she comes to inform her about how to destroy the drug business, she agrees to help her and does not risk her life without any condition - even though she does not know what she knows! Actually, later it is seen that he is trying to use chiba when he sells a huge briefcase full of cocaine to protect himself - and he continues to protect him !! It does not give any idea and it seems like most of the films have shot the film without a script - like when they went to bars and prostitution and walking around to chewing tobacco. <Br /> <br /> If this is bad, why is it a brilliant 3? Well, first of all, there are many more deadly artistic films (such as Hong Kong's many in the 1970s) - Guerilla-based boys are equipped with Kung Fu and their handlers for using 3-feet long language. War (that's bad now). Secondly, compared to other contemporary people, it's worse than other Sony chibo movies, it's not bad. Still, you can easily do a lot better than this awesome little movie. <br /> <br /> If you think that this is the worst Sony movie, but certainly not! One of her first films, InPain of the Nununun Menen, congratulated Chieb, wearing a lettered-up hero, who fought with the slightest led attackers from the planet Neptune. It is so bad that it rivals 9 planes from additional space and they save Hitler's Bryan for horror. <br /> <br /> A final note for parents - mostly like the movie of Sony Chibo, it's a very violent and part of its boobies. Little children do not see anything in this regard, how much they are begging! Wait for them to stay as long as they are older, before you show their harmful rates and martial arts movies!
