It's one of the most deadly martial arts films I've ever seen, and it's saying something. Viva Chiba's song, Viva Chiba is heard in the head, soon you will fool yourself. The basic story is that the mafia is running medicine in Japan and one vowel to stop them, of course, ours to Sony Chiba. Karate Master provides services to anyone who can provide information to the master of the drug. A woman comes forward and she becomes bodyguard, but what is her true purpose? Who told me this thing? Soon we were tortured or tortured by neutral dancing fights and a paranoid story that became more ridiculous at every moment. Sony finally ended the bad kayzanake his karate skills, the story. Oh yes women were very corrupt. Congratulations You've never seen funny movies. <br /> <br /> As I already said, it was one of the most deadly martial arts films ever seen. How bad can it be to see if it is semi-clockwise Someone has already mentioned the infamous American roles kept in this photo. This is probably the most entertaining part of the film and it's funny. I would agree with his value only to see how tall the 70's Karate was then. Harun banks show a man hanging on his nuts, then snatched him to a fat student (bad edit). But everything is done badly in this film. Horrible incredible fights, fake I do not forget fake blood, bad acting, dubbing, dress, and stories. A man take a complete drug problem in a country? I bet War after the war is ridiculous. These 70 year old people still believed that who was effective in the war, but Chiba brought a new look to the new level by masquerading it. Let's see that he threw half of the guns, makes a person so difficult that his teeth break down and of course the bottle closes the scene, break me. It is very difficult to know what is happening in this war, because it is so badly portrayed. He had broken his hand through the door with a composite factor when one part was funny. OK. Since the action is going on we are treating blood with ankle, really fake blood. Too much say it looked weakly and understatement. Acting is completely non-existent in this film. As long as the action is good, I do not expect much from this film of stability, but it was not and as expected Dubbing is very poor. Was it my imagination or did they drown the dancer in Asia with a black accent? As expected from the 70's dress you will have some trends and nasty women stings smiling for gratut nudity come with these flicks. Why is the Mafia so clear and why all the black trench coats and hats all the time? Try and do not hide it now. The letters were stupid as well. One of the owners of a pump club, whose one is dressed in a Japanese pimple case and the other with the taste of boar head, looks like fat hippies. There is also a whole thing that disturbed me throughout the film is that some of the women are very horrible songs. It was very annoying. <br /> <br /> It is a terrible film both in the quality of quality and good movies of martial arts. This does not mean that it is not entertaining. If you can beat it with a weak film, it is difficult for you to not laugh through most of the film. It was an old favorite watch with my best friend. If it is purely bad then I will give a star, but smile prevents it. 4 out of 10
