All right, I had high hopes for this Karnasaur movie because they saw that they were making better when they were coming out. I liked 2 better than Kornosaur 2. I well do it a new one, so would it be better? Well ... I quickly learned that I was wrong. I was extremely confused with the casting. They returned another spotlight character and Michael McDonald's Rick Dean as a police officer. Now for Rick Dean Lol, at Carnosaur II, I thought he fit a good role and he was not really bothered by it, now he has kept him as an elite soldier with Carnosaur 3. Now we're dirty here The movie was really a great shootout and the dinosaurs started very well with the departure of a small freezer truck, but as soon as the Scottish valentines team shows, the randomized dinosaurs have a mix of romantic comedies with very interesting performances. <<br /> <br /> I will start with the rapters first, they dragged the ground, which on the other side they got into the air, which was more common for dinosaurs, which could run 50-60 miles per hour. Now when they ran away, they did not sweat, and the headache did not go away. There were floppies everywhere and they were extremely badly shot by the director, because they stupid and find places. <br /> <br /> T-Rex was extremely sad, one of the previous 2 movies, they will stop using better. At least one that looked a bit awkward. Looked like it was smile all the time in this photo. Walking on foot, walking as if it were Johan Wayne in the old west. Another thing I noticed was that the hand did not go away, they were trapped beside his body, so saw and sounded (the word of God was terrible) !!! Now if I was a director and realized that it was for working with me, then maybe I tried a little harder to hide the frustrating event. For the rest of the film, I've never seen it the greatest and strong military team. They do not have the sense for the scenario used in weapons. They even had an arm wrestling scene inside the warehouse where the carnosors were roaming, now I stumbled in this scene because I thought that the stupidity was going on when the dinas went there and made some damage there. Instead of the director, our time wasted about 7 minutes. I would like to see this movie as 3 stogues of dinosaur movies. You saw military, crashed dinosaurs, crashes, and have 83 minutes of nice time to see your day. <br /> <br /> Now I'm not saying that I do not see it, actually I recommend to watch this movie that wants 83 minutes of pure relaxation recommendation. It looks like I'm doing a ranting but really what I did on this movie. This is really a lot of fun to watch because you feel yourself, "What did the director really do it?"
