I really fail to see the actual surplus value of this movie. It's not good enough to be fun. There are no sleaze or gratuitous nudity (although there were plenty of opportunities). There is no excuse. There is no doubt in the first hour of the film because tourists have many scenes where a group and natives are playing scary tribal music. The last part was fun in most cases: you saw this natives hit the cones and 'james' and this is really what you heard (soundly synchronized) with soundtracks. But they add the funky bus-line to the soundtrack. So, where was the lightning player? At one point the netball became angry and started killing the tourists. Why all suddenly? It is believed that because the evil white male builds this tourist complex, according to their mythological stories, I awaken the anger of the river collector-goddess (I actually miss the explanation). But the residents have been helping to construct tourist complexes for several months, so why suddenly unrest? And how they managed to run the helicopter in hell ??? It's all silly and pointless. The film has the smallest Afro-American model I have ever seen. <br /> <br /> At one point our heroic leading couple visited this cave where a strange, crazy old man lives. The only point in that scene is that they discovered "disgusting" that the killer-crocodile is actually an ammunition. Crocodile or brain, what is the difference? It's large, it's made from plastic and it eats people. All of my same The brain is a rather stupid creation. It's very stiff and dynamic and even when it's swimming, its feet do not blurred. Eyes do not close their eyes even when they are closed. I think they did not return 'Animatronics' in Italy in 1947. There are many untouched inter-term shots in local wildlife. I suspect it's stock footage. Like it, I said, the first hour was quite hair and only because I could not switch the movie because my cat was sleeping on my neck and I do not want to wake up sweet things. But the last half hour of the movie got better. We are finally seeing some steps when the ammunition is threatening to hold the teeth and slap them on. While Alice and Daniel run a van on a bridge, the most entertaining (and at the same time fun) scenes and collapse it. We are seeing a matchbox-version of the van lost in the river here. Ridiculous But shoots nicely. Actually there are many other nice cameras-operated. Wonderfully for this kind of sparkle. At the end of the film I am going to show some stupid details, but if you decide to watch this movie, I do not want to hide it completely. My suggestion is to stay away from it. If you want to see a decent drunken movie, see Lewis Tig's Alligator. I admit that it is not Italian and Jazz is not a rip off, but it's certainly more fun. And you are interested in other movies created by director Sergio Martino, then I strongly recommend the highly entertaining 2019: after New York's fall. Possible maximum number of rip-offs for each post-apocalyptic-future-off-movie-movie. "Italianus" and "rip offs", two words that go very well together.
