Antitrust falls within the section of the movie which can be slightly raised while lifting, but the lift is completely flat. I do not hate film, but it's missing original elements like mystery. There have been other efforts to create a compelling film about computers like hackers and the net. They all fall short The impossible end of the net and antistast seems almost identical. The end of this movie is a huge problem: PC business owners hold this exaggerated self-ego that the general population thinks it is waiting for the latest news about PCs and software. I've worked for many companies and industry, and they all seem to be suffering from a broader view of their own interests, such as this movie. <br /> <br /> They were devoted to the way to launch plot lines. Milo is shown to be the death of sesame seed allergy, which often shrieks one from the restaurant's bread. Only his 'girlfriend' prevents him from ensuring death. It makes a surprising fact that as long as he lived, he built the dangers of big mac bun and sesame seeds breaststicks, as they were wearing their own clothes ... sesame seeds, breaststicks and Big Mac bands. <br /> <br /> Antitrust also does not provide many mysteries. Patterned and predictable plot twists are easily figured many times before they are revealed (did not really shock anyone when Yee G. Tso was killed?), Causing no real shocks to destroy the value. And here again we are following another film / story where the bad boys are following the 'get disks' of good guys. Our Simon Simon Plot line has to be postponed for almost 20 years. Still, I pressed. Maybe the salary will end, but not. The complete ridiculous ending, where the head of the security of our company, another supposed evil person, turn around and be a good man, who was able to disappoint NRRVV chief executive Gary Winston in Milo. And of course, when Gary Winston's news coverage of the arrest of the arrested was more dangerous than Henkley or Oswald was taken into custody. Tim Robins played Gary Winston, a cardboard cutout from the same character Robbins at Arlington Road. But the Entrystrasse is perfectly fit, which should be called 'Anticlimactic' or 'Anti-Original'. <br /> <br /> In the next few years, this movie will probably be canceled, only your local third rate UHF channel.
