When I was sitting to watch this movie, I was actually expecting something because the plot took on very complex issues. The use of football as a launch pad for the complexity was an interesting method. Yet unfortunately, despite conflicts of conflict between Muslims and Western cultures, conflicts of gender and lesbianism towards gay / lesbians, in spite of the courage to deal with controversial problems, it also gives you the opportunity to move forward towards solving easier relief despite the whole volunteer. Movies. As a result, I think that the manufacturers did a very big job to deal with themselves, they tried to become more profound, then they were able to deal with it. <br /> <br /> This does not mean that the movie is a direct hit, because it is quite reliable and fun rendering of contests. The film has been successful in entertaining and entertaining, but the authors mentioned above have deepened themselves. This surging conflict has led some pretty unrealistic character behavior towards the end. Right now the ball drops, where the creator can really move the picture to another level. <br /> <br /> Even if the movie can be a part of the drama at some point, it will be frustrating if the "ball drops", so the plot has so much potential settings. In this way, the film comes in a good and refined comedy which is becoming an idiot in its happy ending with a standard click. Finally, there is nothing left in Hollywood. So if the story is engaging and can have a huge amount of mangoes, it can not solve it, but rather can look at the resolution. Personally I shout "It's over !!" On screen. <br /> <br /> There were some actors in the film, and two young central characters had some good moments. So their parents and other diapers. But acting in the handsome Irish coach is an embarrassing piece, which gives the film a bit down in terms of reality. He was not even very interested in attendance, but engaged himself despite his good work, which seems to be a bit annoying in the upcoming conflict between girls. <br /> <br /> I gave the picture 4 because it was an engaging story and they sought a nice perspective to contact the subject. There were many good credible characters in script and cast, giving visitors an opportunity to recognize themselves or others. If disappointment was not frustrating, I would easily give the movie 7 or 8. If you enjoy this movie then I would recommend the film "East East East", which I think, if it is not good, the cultural conflict is good presentations, as well as being funny and engaging.
