I saw this trailer a few months before the release of this movie, and Man, it was scary, especially how the film was based on the real life story. I was incredibly interested, and finally thought that after the years of shit could be a modest horror / thriller film. Well you know how movie trailers look better than a movie: perhaps by covering all the vague parts or by overdramatizing specific elements Both have made advertisements for movies, which lead to my absolute frustration. <br /> <br /> This is not "the most dangerous movie of the year" by any means. Hell, I doubt it's the most dangerous movie of the Liberation War of the week. This movie took away the "really informed" thing very far. <br /> <br /> This movie was not complete shit. I must admit, it was with my interest and Michael Ketan was credible that a man tried to find answers in a supernatural way. Since the other, this image is a big cliché. After the wife's wife died, she learned about EVP, which sent the dead voice to the electronic equipment of everyday. Suddenly he got the message from his wife! My god Not only does his wife reach him, it is another dead person. Yes, imagine. A movie about the help of dead people. Come on, give me a break! Clichés do not stop there. There are also our horse's harmful clock-the same-right-time-per-night technique and three evil spirits. Not only was the film, it was not scary. The film was literally two jump scenes, and those two scenes are almost identical. Finishing horrible, it leaves the door open for a single cylinder. There is a last message with a message where it has been said that only 1 voice is heard by EVPs, it is threatening to play a beautiful happy melody. The way to break the mood, you guys are. Tell me! Finally, if you want another forgotten horror movie, see White Noise. The only reason I can remember is that anyone viewing this movie is a person who is interested in Keoton fan or EVP. Of course, EVP directions can be a little interesting, but do not like to push my movie concepts down my neck and make my face shine. This movie tries to be scary, original, and annoying, but it is just the opposite. You know that you have a lam film when commercials use ghosts to talk about movies here. "I can not see this film again."
