Of course one of the worst movies of the year. The plot is ridiculous, characters develop weakly, and butterflies irritatingly stupid. When Michael Keaton was not as remarkable since Batman had lost his beautiful writer, Anna, in a car accident, probably because of his financial problems, it was supposed to be rich, although he wanted to be rich. In his sorrow, Batman has gone to a new apartment and takes a hobby: recording nothing and then watching it. He learned it from a genuine greasy person who was killed by three long film colleagues living on his TV. Soon, he started to see dead people, thank EVP or electronic voice phenomenon, which is obviously the deal where the dead person can send messages to live people through tape recorders, video cameras, dead cell phones ("Anna Cell Selling? He ... dead ... must be a ghost, Mahmm, there is no other possible explanation. I will start barking with this stupid bark. ") Etc. Why they Agaje can not write in a sheet form or pictograms creative interpretation of some of the stuff does not knock over. Anway, finally Batman discovered that he is really looking into the future, and he agreed to help this woman, he did not know. He goes out of his house for free at the right time, because long dark boys enter after going away ("D * Mn! Can travel between living and dead using electronics, but I can have time to admit! What am I right?" They submerged in the embarrassing agreement). " He tracks this lady in a warehouse and finds out that the first ten minutes of this character (this is hard, or you miss him!) This character is actually a serial killer working for the giant of three long galaxies, the riders lose elm style They killed them, they look like cartoons. Just then show some detectives and save the lady. At the end of Batman's funeral, he decided to apologize for his absence to send a message from outside the grave, apparently that it is the best way to protect his child from EVP's horrors. Little boy just smile Parents are not anything, even his father, of course Batman, does not start talking to the TV. The movie was high-point when someone got the phone and some people shouted, "Get it!"
