In New York, I love you, instead of Manhattan's title, sometimes love is love for your people, telling the story and telling the situation is a clear example of the difference. At the point, see two parts of the film, where Ethan Huq shows the light of cigarette for a woman on the street and comes forward to chat with overwhelming sexy-conversations and the other tries to score a movie with Orlando Bloom. An incredible demand from its director to read two director Dostevsky's books. Although there is not a great story by modern edges, at least something that starts at a beginning, middle, and end, such as the musician tries to score, puts Dostevczyk at its base and eventually gets some help (and maybe a girl and a director Connection has been talked about. But the Ethan Huq view is not something that looks like it is by a filmmaker With the phone (or in that case, Hawke Sunrise and Reality bite combo) has been added. <br /> <br /> Overall, there are some annoying stories about the film, which are actually one or two possible stories, and then the situations that are connected or covered. They are working on each other (ie Bradley Cooper, Drea Demeto, Hayden Crescenten, Andy Gary It's not even so much that the movie is always * Manhattan * and Queens or Staten Island or New York of Bronx (even Harlem or Washington Heights), but it lacks diversity because there are many Diversity has something to do. Paris J'time, for the good or the bad, the lack of imagination in the imagination. With New York it is mostly a little bit, about eliminating references and the worst of it (Julie Christie / Shia La Bauouf Segment) is unknown to an unusual level. So, basically, wait for TV and try to do your best to sink inside and outside the film - that is, for three scenes: Bloom / Christina Richie segment described above is compelling; Brett Ratner's managed segment (yes, X-Men 3 Brett Ratner) tells the story of a little curiosity about a girl with a very interesting story about a girl in a wheelchair. And Eli Wallach and Claris Lichman, an old couple who walk along Brooklyn on their 67th wedding anniversary. Natalie Portman's director introductory debut, except for the only (Allan) return of Hughes Brother on screen, everything else will be missed. It's lightly putting a mixed bag: It'd like to find a few nuts left through a bag full of almond nut brown.
