At the beginning of Howling II it began to go with an odd and spiritual opening description of Christopher Leya, whose picture was mounted on an ongoing star field, saying, "The inhabitants of the world are drunk with their blood and I have a hairy person I kissed the animals and he filled a golden driver with the filthy adultery. His forehead was written, I see my mother, I have great offensive words # table to retrieve the tape many times you've tried and tried to apologize and earth ghrnyata # sorry. " This opening description means everything and just mere weird. After the first opening credits set in Transylvanian architectural shots, we get a screen caption that tells us that we 'Los Angeles, the United States of California, City of Angels' I knew I was for 86 minutes long. The events of the original holing (1981) and it's probably not too long after Karen White's funeral. After the ceremony, Karen's brother Ben (Reb Brown) was called by Stefan Crossco (Christopher Lee) a 'secret investigator', who said that Karen is a woerolf and she'll be resurrected. Baden fired such dirty as But with one of Karen's friends and colleagues, Jenny (Anne McNorro) goes to Stephen in her house. There, Stefan tells him about VeruValove and how he can be killed, he mentions Stevebera (Cyber ​​Danning), who is the queen of Weorolov. A woman named Stephen Mariana highlights a picture of Karen's funeral (Marsh A. Hunt) and she wants the very deadly and dangerous variant, Karen. Stephen says he will grab any werewoves with titanium through the heart. According to Ben, Steven means that he will bring Karen together as well as Jenny, she will travel to the graveyard where her sister's stubborn Stephen will have to stop. But many vivolves attack Stephen, Ben and Jenny. They survive the attack and try to find out that Stieberba is found in the trinolive. They all decided to travel to Transvaevo and fill the old curse of the century and take the world from Stebbah and his mayorolov. Once they travel to a small town called Volkova, which means 'where are the wolf' and meet local clerics, Father Floren (Ladislav Cracker) and his small but weorolf hunter litters, what do I say? Oh, and a dwarf named (named Llodmila Safarova) helps. They follow Mariana, they hope they lead them to Stirba. But Stefan Steven knows about the arrival and Ben and Jenny have planned for him. Can Stephaar end the world domination plan? What will this picture be different or strange? Check it out and find out. This is a strange mess of a photo directed by Philip Mora. Some consistently jump almost helplessly as it is edited badly. The single biggest problem is that Robert Sano and Gary Brandner are based on his novels, which are everywhere and do not make any sense or represent us in any of our appropriate characters. Thankfully, it moves along like a rocket and unlike the original, not dull or annoying. Something strange or strange is always happening to entertain visitors. Most people will probably hate it, but for those who enjoy our 'bad' movies, this is the best among them. Waylorff Orgiz is very strange to see. We get the surgery of killing some cool Werewolf. The set and the locations came out of this place and I do not know whether it was actually shot in the transferee but it does not look like 80 Central Transfillieri. The Stiebera fort is the partner, part Gothic fortress and partly modern luxury house. Stella and her servant's dresses are very high, Stella is wearing a decoration dress that looks like she is in an S / M video and may be suitable for her, she looks pretty sexy, and her tiny clothes are in leather skin clothing. Special make-up effects are poor, left-wing eyes explode, hands break out in somebody's hands, and a pastor produces some animals from his mouth, but it is not a film loaded with cow, although there is a lot of influence that the series with Werewolf converting and attack. There are plenty of nudity as well as a real bandy bunch of stero and werewolves in its minions! I should mention the music, I hate that soundtrack is influenced by the terrible rock music and I ended up turning the volume down. Actually all weakened weak and what was Christopher Lee when he thought about taking this picture ?! I wonder what he's thinking. Basically the whole thing is a real mess, but I found it the same fairly entertaining mess. Uncomfortable recommendation but it kept me watching till the end. In addition to talking about running scenes and lasting credits on footage footage of the footage, Sybil Danning's same shot closes her dress and her breasts show more than 20 times! If it's your thing
