I have to add comments on dissent here. Compared to the reviews of Wang Kar Yi or How Hoseo-Hassan, compared to this movie I have reviewed. That is, the commendable flotilla of Mandir Gus on our way in recent years. Unfortunately this is not quite right. The film plays a film school graduation effort rather than imitating these masters. All the pieces are there - nice backdrop, unusual dialogue at least, slow camerawork, and men's leads, especially those who spend time sitting near thinking. Good words but unfortunately nothing is equal to the up. The dialogue is led. Acting is usually unable to lift the upper character; Married couples and younger sisters are especially poor and uninvolving. Unfortunately, when a medieval character plays a classical "Czechovi" (as very predictable) plot, the result is the best, tedious and most painful. I can not see the "Blue Danube" river scene, for example, Genre Parody (though Smith has shown a black humor in the sky on the sky, "Springtime" shows the sky in the sky ...) I actually went to the point where Marc Le Ping showed this picture. The setting is elegant, and the switching camera tries to repeat the mood of "Shanghai Flower", the film is not apparently in the same league. Actually, I must admit that after an hour of being surprised that this script or the film was about to spoil the film, I suddenly thought that I wanted to show my flatmate for dinner and took the opportunity to leave (and I can not finish it until finally Film withdrawal). I guess from the review that the end may have a positive effect, but at that time I could not care. If you want to see something with the same genre as the genre, I would recommend some of the above two directors, for example "Mood for Love" or "Shanghai Flowers", both of whom were illustrated by talented Mr. Ping (formerly with Chris Doyle), and both Filmmakers capable of motivating such failed imitations. This often does not distract me Mr. Hoberman and you probably want to hear about him but do not be alarmed. Craig <br /> <br />
