In the BBC series I have seen the first "Complete Shape of William Shakespeare", and if all of them are like this then I can not see it again. Actually the whole text of the game is that what is going on for "Romeo and Juliet" is a lack of all the other divisions. Alvin Rakoff reveals himself as a terrible director in both technical and artistic aspects. Former, because he made mistakes so that the students of the first grade film could be wisely avoided. Consider, for example, the first shot of Abraham and Bathealas in the beginning was edited, or the Nursery Fareer Lawrence is entering the cell, asking Romeo where so much so that she could see him clearly if he was blind. And, later, some of the actors are misguided, even if they have some good actors. Rebecca Saire does exactly look like I've always imagined watching Juliet, and she does not seem to be a bad actress for a teen, but her performance is completely lacking in emotion. Patrick Rickert as Romeo is worse, not only as Juliet, but also old and not even good, Malcolm McDowell and Chuckie dolls are coming together as a combination. Combining them makes it impossible to remember something for each other, let alone be the main player of the greatest love story written. Alan Rickman played Tibet for the first time on his screen, if he was a Darth Vader, the complexity of Shakespeare's conveyance is that he is a hero or a villain, but all the defective people are taken away. This tibet is so meaningful that we do not trust the letter's grief after his death. For Paris, I was thinking of "Prince William" from Space Blues. Only Saila Johnson guides the character of the nurse to some extent. <br /> <br /> In 168 minutes, this product is unable to comprehend us with letters because the letters do not compromise with each other. See their trust in their own role. The best screen version is still Franco Jefferrilli's. But, to be fair, this BBC is a poorly executed version of Jerichia, or an antitrust crime, which is not as bad as the lightweight MTV video of Buzz Lohmann. 4/10.
