Fantasticly, "Brigadon" is a very promising entertainment package. A genre behind "An American in Paris" and Jenninette Minelleni, Vincent's team behind her, has been reunited with many older artisans and women behind their previous co-operation. Jeans's leading lady Saeed Charis, in contrast to one of the best dancers of the 40s / 50s films, and usually the higher "It's Always Fair Weather", gives the film not only one but two dancing opportunities. "Maya Fair Lady" and the best-selling musical instrument of "Gigi", was a growing group of learners and greed behind future hits; Lara and Minnie have already displayed their succulent partner juice at the top of "American in Paris". <br /> <br /> What happened to this? Why is the movie itself so stupid sister? Despite her previous warm artistic and personal relationship with Lenar, Minile did not want to do the film herself. It was probably because the birth centenarian conservation of the film was two steps ahead for MGM and one step behind Vincent Minley. But being trapped in this appointment like Brigadoon's Disease, once trapped between its city limits, it can be transformed into something that can be particularly confusing if it is not free. The final result is really awesome to see <br /> <br /> Like the "perfect cabin in the sky" and "St. Louis's Mite Mue" targeting the perfect charm of the East Miniar, residents can never meet people with a confusing nostalgia at Pled-Titles Brigadoon. Its radioactivity does not even match the shiny chocolate of "Yolanda and Thieves" or "The Pirate" because the highland setting seems at the same time very common for an exotic imagination and very real general emotions. The only person I can be associated with at least Brigadoon is a weak person who tries to escape and unfortunately unfortunate colleague-passenger guided by Van Johnson who shot him wrongly. The general proceedings in the city of Brigadoon are very erroneous and provincial, and even morphology behind Christianity: They seem to be positive pagan in their view. For example, in exchange for the immortality of the Brigadoon, the city's most respected and well-known "good" priest has dedicated his place to the blessed sanctuary. At one point we are sure that "everyone is looking for their own brigade." This picture of my own suspicion in the box office shows that many of us are not looking for such Quantum Paradise. Premier himself was ridiculous and almost insulting patronage, but could work if the players were perfect. But Kelly considers herself the greatest patronage of the film, and Chorus has terribly abused her horribly, as Lucele Bremer was mistreated as "Yolanda and Theft". The best version of the Van Johnson classical Oscar Levant Kelly (even "AiIP" shows the light of 3 cigarettes at a point like Levant), and she provides many fun moments. But with MGM's best talent, the best part of the great budget supremacy is something like Van Johnson's performance.
