Often I do not feel compelled to give a negative criticism of a film; Above all, I feel most at all, "If you do not have anything to say, do not say it", we will get the proper advice for everyday listening to those who have nipples on our favorite things. If the reader is the same to you, then I think that this movie with Hitler is the only exception of Christopher Walken, who returned as Gabriel. I warn you in the future that if you are a fan of Wade's DeadPen delivery and style or even like "Prediction" you would be very frustrated. If you buy it, return it. If you rent it, make sure it is only nine nine cents. <br /> <br /> Is this movie wrong? A complete list will take a lot longer and you will be tearful, but a brief summary will be as follows: Instead of the relationship between the angels in the first movie and the body, the crystal clear image is broken into chains. Gabriel turned from God instead of the right hand of heaven, and he became a little more humble (and this was the first funeral in this role) than a lip for heaven. Since Walken is very good in heavy game (since we all think Frank White from "King of New York") he is still enjoyable but supporting thrown people and angels together and unclear mess that can not buy a formula for 50 Cent. If you can find the plot then you are an intelligent man than me. We feel that we firmly move the scene in the scene along with the next big line of view. At the end of the film, you really want to blow his bite and Jericho's walls want to read on these natural natural disasters. <br /> <br /> The bottom line - it is an insult to our intelligence that they make this picture a signal in the first place. The original said the correct story, the answer to the question should have been answered, and then you gave up the thought you would like to think about. There is no compulsory reason to follow these early characters - the priest who lost his faith, the little girl who kept "a big secret", a teacher who protected his children - even Lucifer himself made it more attractive. Seagulls put together the first film in comparison to other characters. Whoever sees this movie and does not apologize for the first reason because they probably do not want to see the original and this is a real tragedy.
