I bought a set of 4 DVDs for 10 bucks in my local sync, in which there is this film and three other Trashy Horror Flicks (with its sequel "Magical XI"). So basically I paid a $ 2.50 rock bottom for this movie, if you count. I can not say exactly I was leaked. There is one thing for horror movies in my trash, but it's like a trash that trashes a bad name. The budget can not exceed $ 1,000 (although it seems to have cost $ 1.50). I know it's a low-budget movie, but it's not an excuse for a complete stupid camerawork. The film "Blood Selt", although not very good, was made for very low budget and still had quite a good camerawork and acting. The performance of this movie is "readily available," particularly the definition of muscular people with the pronunciation of Texas. Everybody has a lot to read their lines from beautiful leaves. You can take that figuratively or literally. I'm not surprised how the camera was running when the script was closed. I said before, I have never seen bad English actors. There are several bad ones in this movie. And although English movies are not always good, they always seem to be at least a level of sensitivity, so I do not see why any English or English female volunteers work for home-video-style sculptors on Flickr. this. Merchant Ivory did put a margin on their welding calls? Generally, I think man director and actor are very hard. Even in Hollywood, most of the movies, direction, acting and cinematography departments have professionalism levels. Even when you see a movie like "Gletters", you can not really say that it is a third-grader who shot the scenes (though the third-grade script was written). I've seen home movies that have shot better than "Magician X" and it's not exaggerated. The filmmakers sold in Party City and bought some fake blood for girls, even less. There was not a single attempt to make this movie - let's surrender it like this. You get the picture Nudity is a good deal, although it is not stored. However, I would certainly like to say that a girl with a red-orange haircut, who is naked or wearing a clave-popping dress throughout the film, is really hot! <br /> <br /> My score: 1 (out of 10)
