... and not a good way. BASEketball is a waste of film in all the most single ways. It is objectionable to all senses It does not bother me for no reason, I've seen many bad movies, seen really bad movies before and look them up again. BASEketball is a sophisticated film where you regret the lives of 90 minutes sitting through it. BASEketball insults me because it's not a picture they write on Troy Parker and Matt Stone stars. My respect for David Zucker was prolonged. His latest stupid films are seen by lazy messy messages, and they think that they are created by snickering at sex jokes by ex-young men. "Biman" was a revolutionary and very funny comedy, while watching BASEketball you would be surprised to discover what was created by the same person. <br /> <br /> I pay tribute to Tray Parker and Matt Stone. These men are the most fun and smartest comedians of mainstream entertainments today. Their pictures and episodes of South Park are as interesting as they are. Each joke has even fart jokes their backwards intelligence. It's easy to forget that there is a mature way to move towards inability. I imagine BASEketball was a big growing experience for them because they all hated the film for the right reason. It is a stupid mess with no sense of dignity or class. Parker and Stone have basically whored out of themselves. The film played as family Guy's 90-minute episode. <br /> <br /> Parker and Stone never played. They were serviceable in their films. I can not really find a way to describe their performance in BASEketball, it seems like this is a spoofume movie that looks like spoofing in the spoofum film. Each line is distributed in such a stupid winking way. They are trying to make the worst fun of such pictures and they become like them. South Park episode "How to It It's Your Year Butt" has been recalled where Cartman sat in the movie theater, without a plot or plagiarism, sees the ground theater in the movie theater, Parker and Stone use the same voice that they did for the whole picture. . It's really sad. <br /> <br /> And yet it's not my problem BASEketball. My biggest grip along with the picture is that I knew Parker and Stone were smartly following this scrap script. I know that if they accept this counterfeit thing and rewrite it that it can be stored on the way it is observable. Jaka does not indicate that they also give echov scenes. Parker and Stone is a bad director sheer tools. BASEketball has some interesting ideas and I think Parker might have more detail in them especially if he is allowed to accept the Zuckers script. Instead we get potty humor. BASEketball does not rent you can get the same smile watching a group of groking schools around
