I made 5 films purely sorry for this movie. I do not want to bubble burst anybody, because I have seen that I have schemed with other comments, this movie is very much appreciated. Well, this is not a compliment, and I call it because I have seen the original anime, Basilis, and the film is deeply ashamed. Perhaps if you see Shinobi alone you can choose it. It's enjoyable because of a well-danced war based on fantasy over martial arts, and I agree that their beauty has been deeply enhanced. But the story is nothing like the original. Now, I understand that when an Enemy / Monga transforms into a movie, there must of course be some changes. Although I did not expect to see strange characters from Enam, they have a well-established role, and some really deep and well-designed. But I was not expected to see changes in immense and wrongly changed, which basically destroyed the whole story. Dramatically and unreliable characters can transform into something that is more likely to be loved by the public. For example, Anoro, who, in an anime, is a sweet, innocent girl, completely and falls in love with Gensoku, becomes a descendant of a vengeance in the film. I like this fact that women become stronger and boycott her limitations over the ages (we are talking about Japan, 17th century), but her mood changes are incredibly and badly written. Hurbby is one of my favorite characters in this movie, but it is not known for her childhood and sensitive nature, it has become a sad little girl, which is not crazy in love with an anime, but the less worthless part I could go to him as if he did not make any changes to Tenzene, how to make the worst and most dangerous character in an anime, especially weak and illogical, or how Gensoku, the main character seems to be completely misplaced and misguided, can not be mentioned again. The music is beautiful and the picture is wonderful, which was expected of Japanese movies and I am grateful for it. But if you have seen and enjoyed Basilisk, do not see it because it is just hopeless. Basilis, though based on imagination, is scary elements and basically very haphazardly supernatural and there is more depth in its characters, storyline, historical value and I can say it is frustrating. Shinobi was wasted time and I could not believe it going after what was supposed to be the measurement. Well, it hurts me hard to judge the film very strictly, but I suggest you against it. Please check out the anime, or at least see the movie and then repair your image as it actually looks at the animated version. Otherwise, when you understand how they killed, you will be hostage.
