When this movie goes on television, you may want to save 90 minutes of your time and change the channel. There is nothing special about that which you will see. The story goes from Arkansas to two married couples who go to Reno together. The couple's number is Lonely Earl Dodd (Billy Bob Thornton) who is a car dealer and has problems with her marriage. His wife Darlin (Natasha Richardson) and she has little views about herself and they were not close to her for a long time. Lonny is sleeping with Candy (Charlize Theron), who is the wife of his best friend, Roy Cherkandel (Patrick Sozeze). They all go to Reno and four of them are in a luxurious suite. Ray and Candy are trying to give birth to a child and finally the candy discovers that she is pregnant But Roy calls his doctor in Arkansas and finds out that he is stupid. Candy and Loney acknowledge their affair and now in the whole trip chaos. This film is directed by Jordan Brady and has made few budget movies, but it is the first of its kind with this impressive figure. Unfortunately, Brady does not show many ridiculous moods, but you can not put all the blame on him. This script is not funny and one of the most tedious issues is that all the letters are written at the level of the level. They do not mean that all because from the south only they will be naive and stupid. Thornton's character does not have more sophistication of bellboy tips than a dollar. And Saeed's character is called a fool and fool by everyone across the film, and at least one of the rare moments to remove him for a day is coming. Penelope Cruz pops up as a prostitute and it is a completely worthless and unmatched camio. He speaks only 3 or 4 lines more! I think he is Harvey and Bob Weinstein, the executive producer of this film who is fulfilling an obligation. Indeed the only person who is not bad is Richardson. We see him being more confident in himself but this film's plotline is very clear and clear. All of these actors are well aware and it is difficult for them that they all like to read the script. It is a complete waste time for these actors but at least they pay. For the visitors, let's skip this one so your pay is paid!
