I do not usually write a comment when there are many others but this time I think I have. I'm talking about the taste of another review, it is telling everyone in the eyes of the audience, but when this picture comes in, if you like it, it means that you only have bad taste. <br /> <br /> I like the movie. I like the "Isle of the Dead" which is an unknown B & W film. I even like "Scrum" and "Scary Movie" because I like these movies because if they are not low, at least they are good about them. I saw 99.9% of the movie which I have seen because they tell me a story I have not heard before, and most directors make films with only a good story. I was thinking about this movie "Where is this going?" (Even in the end) "Where did they get this awesome actor?" "Was that supposed to be a joke?" And similar. I was skeptical with a clear bend sleep, but hopefully it would make "film" and prove that I did not waste my time. I was sadly sorry. It was bad to start the storyline and the diagonals really saw the light of hope. Here's a rundown: story line ?? Like the first movie, which was right, it is slow and spar with characters or situations in relation to the audience relationship. The situation is cringeworthy and shallow and completely annoying and predictable. Twist was terrible, it did not make me excited or thought of something like WOW Just "my God." This picture was mostly not what you look back and can think that "wo is not cute" because it was not. In "Fight Club" there are some bits showing the true identity of Tyler, and when you saw it again, you also see, it was genuinely, how it was written, directed and directed. This was a tremendous effort to make a tremendous turn. I think it was a "wild thing" which was a pretty poorly hesitant and I still liked the film because the rest was OK and it was not too hard to be a big wrapper. It seems like the CI 2 writer will ever be the best wrench. But really, it dumps at the end of a bad story with a bad turn. The film ended almost immediately, the entire film of the entire story of Sebastian was aborted, especially with a young and silly acting girl being forced into a very scary sense, not a terrible half-meaning meaning. Acting ?? The actor of the film is scary. Almost as a "sunset beach." - Very corny and badly performed. It's not so bad as well like "bad" Playing Catherine, who came from Amy Adams, was her worst performer, it was a harsh, sad, and bad idea by her. Robin Dunne was also poor. I still have not seen "American Psycho 2", but there is no doubt that its cold "cold" style also destroyed that movie. <br /> <br /> I can not even say that it's a good movie for teens, as its not. If my son or daughter likes this picture then I will be ashamed. But whatever the way they are, they will consider all the things in the making of a good movie, which does not have any of the film. Really I am disappointed that some people say, "You can not be in the age of this film and so dislike it". I now like movies that I liked when I was a teenager and got a great taste. Also, do you really think that you do not like a teenage story line suddenly when you reach 20+? No I like "Minar Girls" and other generic team movies and always see "Beverly Hills 90210". I do not have any excuse for poor guidance, acting and screenplay. Besides, when I first saw 16/17 then. If grown up, you make a terrible judge of a movie better. I can give it to someone that does not believe is 10/10, either is one of my favorite films "Memento" and I gave it 9 because I know that may be good. It is embarrassing for this site that people do this, give 10 flipplants, or get movie / shows, so this is 2 days. <br /> <br /> Anyone who liked this image must change their taste, and perhaps their life, and with this realized that this worst film ever made. (Worse than "Loch Ness") <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> If you are not a teenager with bad taste, or just do not practice bad habits, then you absolutely hate this picture.
