All right, I'm not strict in the sequels, especially if the first movie is done well and is finally a good movie. Until 1999, I think one of the top five movies was a cruel purpose. It was everything to have a great movie except for an original story, everything was adapted from a novel, it was still good. The series will be open on the series known as the Cruel Intentions 2, which is actually Manchester Prix. That did not happen. Actually I see this film after seeing this trifle. Before the start of the story, at least I did the author and director Roger Kumble. I was frustrated for 1 minute in this movie. By inserting the naked girl's nude image into the net, the school's school princess keeps the woman naked, instead it starts with the opening of the original opening with Sebastian in a different package. It's okay if this lady is not like 50. And basically a wannabe carbon copy of the rest of the film genre. What I can understand is how to leave it if there is no mistake with it. But you can not do it with a movie. It was really a prick that they had an opportunity to see how they were made in 1 part. But at least one writer and Catherine himself as Sebastian had himself as a sexual predator and as a bend Sebastian. The real story, this movie was no basis for it. Anyone had to stop casting these things off. They might try to get people who feel like a custom cast but they do not just look good to the actors. I'm using this term even though I do not know why. They definitely did not do any work in this movie. <br /> <br /> This movie is a bunch of fish that does not basically meet with intelligence, some of them were also good, but it was only because of the part 1. Another bad point was one, for which you have to work for their attention Understand the requirements because there was no involvement with thirty parents and they were misused, as it is to show why children like this. It did not work though. While the main thing about the main issue is that cast chemistry has taken you into this world. The excitement that was on the screen made the film what it was. These things really ruin the experience of having the first one from this.
