The worst movie, it is a statement that people of IMDB often throw. Although it is not a summer bike program from Michael Bay, like a Uwell Bol movie, Man's The Hands of Fat or a Bad Brain, people often come to the conclusion that they are posting on the board that there is nothing bad in the film world <br /> < br /> <br /> I am jealous of these people, because they are so deeply deep in the holes of the rabbit to create senses and intelligent movies It was informed. There are shadows that are so bad, so funny and so ridiculous that enemies form around them to celebrate their horror, and the boards of their discussion are the best places on the Internet, because everyone agrees that this film is really bad. <br /> <br /> I'm going to present you to 85-minute lesbian episode Ben and Arthur, it's so bad that it's a lot like a fierce car crash, you know it's terrible but you can not stop it looking for it. Self-brain debut "Hollywood actor, director" and I can add whales whales Sam Mraovich, these pictures are legendarily terrible. Let me give you an indication of how this project operates in ego. Mr. Morovich did not only manage this film, he wrote it, created it, the executive has made it, made it, edited it and eventually played it. This man has become so blinded by his own arrogance and believes in his existence that he does not recognize anyone like a ugly child as to how much he disrupts his husband's creation. Everything in this movie fails on an epic level, the act you will ever see is the worst, the plot is the most ridiculous, and the movie is most amateur and even the music is like a nail on a chalkboard. I'm aware I went over a bit of a tint here, but please believe that as bad as this film I really describe, I would say this film is a squished horse crap in a film relie, but the fact is that it did not even shot in the movie, it's digital Camcoder shot is not much better than the person sitting in your closet. Do not get me wrong, I apologize for low budgets for movies but the idea is interesting, for example, Blair Witch Project has proved that low budgets can still lead to atmospheric striking movies. There is not a good idea behind Bell and Arthur, although this film was shot in the 20 million budgets with Hollywood's best actors, it will still suck, the plot is fierce, and the characters are even worse. One of Arthur's main characters, pictured by another image than Sam Morovich, is one of the most harmful little Turks in a movie. In the beginning of the film you will dislike it in 5 minutes and the hatred that hates will eventually become disgusting. Apparently Mr. Morvić forgot that we would like to root Hero. <br /> <br /> I can not see all these pictures, you will see all these pictures (which I do not want to give to you), so I'm not fooled about this film, at least in the offensive mistakes of the film as a neutral and light example. Give two light mild examples. In a word, we hear one of the main characters, how they "know a good lawyer and give him a call" the shot broke and then they talked earlier, in fact it is a woman, I think it is a wonderful mistake to produce a post. The second is easy, after a few seconds of watching this transasualal lawyer, the characters are said to fly to Vermont, then we cut a shot of the plane landing in the palm tree in a vicinity. I have never been in Vermont, but I'm sure you will not find any date palms there. <br /> <br /> Such stupid amateur inconsistencies are combined with almost one hour and ridiculous dialogue and plots and then it is multiplied by 10 and it is still not ready for you completely for Ben and Arthur. Imagine the worst movie you see in your life, and imagine it's worse, and you still do not have the same level as Ben and Arthur, this movie is really bad. <br /> <br /> But we should be glad in a way, like this is a true boring movie. They hope that one day we can be filmmakers or we can become a screenlitter. Only because we will get a new perception of confidence that we know that no matter what we create, however amateur can be much more suck source. <br /> <br /> The worst movie was finally discovered all the time, and it is called Ben and Arthur.
