This movie of the sacred movie was bad. I just saw it as a joke. It's not even a bad thing that it's good in an irrational way. This film was personally designed to make me angry. It works really well that works. This is the only people that made it PRIEST just took a really boring stuff about the movie, added a crib of ugly friends, they have become more interesting than fun, funny, even remotely sexy and intelligent, and then in a bunch of old rotten cheese. All of these are. Cheese This movie is probably not the only person to be connected. This image probably can not be in a universe. Why can not such a movie enjoy life and be happy? Why have they already been more ridiculous than this stupid idea for a film? Why at least it could not even try to make a good movie, even a B-movie. Now I wonder what they are trying to do with this picture? I saw it in the hope of a campi love story and instead got some annoying student projects, who found the strength and courage to marry his boyfriend when his annoying Christian brother tried to destroy everyone !!! No, I'm not kidding. That's what it's about Is that sound good? This film is unaware of the Christian religion, it is strongly, indecent, and brutalized to make all Christians as tragic as possible. I do not know many Christian people, these freaks will not speak like or work. However, the film is also inappropriate and unknown with the gay community. This was the most cunningly stereooptical gay man from a person in the Radkeil video game radio station. It's so nervous waxing and it's just annoying at this moment that I could not fully concentrate on this movie. These train-debris makers had no strategy to set design, acting, camera angle, light, script, authenticity, or an idea to make this entertaining or interesting. Even a single sexual scene, or at least a credible one. Jamie Brett was the only guy on the Gabeel film that looked good, but his good looks were worried. This is the trash. In the perfect world, this image got 0.0. It's worth 0 as a film. The mind, the deaf, and the arms and the legs have tiny bones and his face is on his left side, mentally distorted nun can write a good film, direct and produce, and perhaps he can be a good actor. This movie is actually a crime against the word "film". This film is so bad that other movies should be ashamed to be available in similar format formats. I can put a brow on a chair and then record it with a camera and then stop the film and then replace it with a small x-month tree and then we can record it and I've already created a movie that has always been banned Better than at least half & Arthur Two things worse than death. Torture and Ben & Arthur Observatory I'm not a homosexual and you probably meet me if you're meeting me, and I do not think I'm more offended than the whole of this first five seconds. Single movie If this movie is a mistake, I personally find ways to change the wrong word "Fix It Erase", "It's not wrong to mistake if it's not wrong." How do you know people always like things, "everything comes from everything!"? I think Ben and Arthur were originally invented so that something in the world could not be that good. I have seen any bad movie to call this movie, it will pay a lot of credit. It looks like this image is designed so that it can qualify for a section. There are good movies, there are bad movies, and then there's Ben and Arthur. This is Ben and Arthur.
