Sublimated by the summary (This gay video has a narrow cover on today's days; it is not considered a good sign) Why I do not know anything about Bane and Arthur. This is my second (and I'll assure you that it will end me) buying a connection link to a culture question. As far as I am concerned, this DVD is nothing but a blatant rip-off. I do not observe this observation lightly ?? I am a major collector of video, gay and mainstream, and I can say with no authority and hesitated that Ben and Arthur are the worst movies I ever encountered. Duration My collection has more than 1,600 films (93% of them on DVD) and 300 of them have gay and lesbian themes. I'm not the owner of any gay movie I ever made, but I can easily say that I've bought almost every gay video of the Liberation War and often bought videos without telling me anything about this movie. Sometimes, it makes an amazing surprise - all the examples of Aime and Jaguar, brick-in-water, arbanis, and normal nice gay titles that I've been mis-frustrated. So when I read in the box that Ben and Arthur were concerned about a conflict between gay lovers and Christian rights, one of my favorite things, I agreed to see the lazy picture invisible, despite the other cultures' connection titles, despite my previously frustrating purchases of visions. Perfume Pumps That movie was quite bad, but compared to Ben and Arthur, it looked like a wand with The Wind. So why was Ben and Arthur so wrong? Lots! At the beginning, such as "plot" it was completely ridiculous. Am I sympathizing with the Christian right about this picture ?? We are believed that a church can not expel a member by expelling a member because his brother is homosexual, but a priest actually executes a gay couple to save their souls to a homosexual couple. The article is so poor that there is no concept in most of the scenes, and various plot points are not related to any reason, follow or story. It is difficult to imagine that violence and violence are acceptable in gay workers / right-wing clashes on both sides and that acting is so bad that anyone who has rented this movie is difficult to imagine. Those characters which are supposed to be directly gay without being almost clear - and blue stereotype boots; Gay characters neither sexy nor interesting. This movie is enough to stop buying forever gay themes, and distributors should be ashamed of themselves. This image is the only benefit of SugarPlace's Philosophy, above the purchase of my other culture Q connections, this is a clear dialogue with soundtracks. Probably a difference, since this script is so unclear that the script is understood only to make you more aware of how bad this movie is. It's embarrassing for Queer Culture, and I want to warn everybody before I save money. The movie was highly valued at $ 9.95; I understand that this will soon be re-priced under $ 20, which is still highway robbery. I gave the price of $ 29.95, and I have never been more fraud in my life. Is this the only true laugh review connected with the drill ?? I have seen "user reviews" on numerous websites for this movie and always "praised" one or two directors / writers / actors that saw this study that the friend of this reviewer Ed Wood Wood Sad How frustrated I just allow IMDb to allocate you zero stars - or even without zero. If ever a film deserves it, it is.
