If there is a movie that qualifies for 0 out of 10, it will be. Defines the term "Dead of Hood" as "bad movie". Other bad movies such as 'When the Stranger Colossus' or 'Promotion' will actually look better than 'House of the Dead'. The basic "plot" of the House of the Dead is a group of twentieth-century tourists who can "travel to faraway" to travel on a remote island. When they go there, they find only a few tents, a bar, a stage and some bloody T-shirts. They decided to stay whatever they are, and they are soon attacked by zombies. <br /> <br /> There is absolutely nothing about this movie. It's not entertaining. Instead, it is painful for why it is painful. The acting is incredibly bad. In a DVD interview, one of the actors claimed that the director said, "Whenever he is doing good for a job or doing bad things, nobody is afraid to tell anyone." It's a blatant lie. The script is written by an 11-year-old writer, who has decided to include the scene of the girl's chest, and a light-hearted line, "It smells like someone who explains it here." Characters have no personality or depth and they are some of the most deadly things ever seen in a scary movie. Along with somewhere, the characters also take the witch down to magically transform a SWAT team. They do not even notice their guns and they like to shoot zombies in the head automatically. <br /> <br /> This movie instructed me the most awesome thing by far. There is something wrong with Uwe Boll. Billy camera work is surprisingly disjointed. The zombies running through the forest fool their pans more than menacing. Even worse, Bill's idea is to include a small bit of footage in the film from the Dead Video Game House. Often, and at the most haphazard times, you will suddenly see getting an animated zombie shot. I do not understand it. There was a good idea that there was no one in their right mind. It is like this that Bull repeatedly reminds us that this movie is supposed to be based on video games. Uwe Boll also decided to be included in the decision-making scenes, a la 'The Matrix' time sliding rotating shots of 360 degrees. Unfortunately, he often does this and every shot is annoying. The soundtrack of this movie also bogs the mind. The maximum action scene is accompanied by a loud rap track. It also adds to the subsequent headlines caused by the violent 'House of the Dead'. <br /> <br /> 'The body is not bad because it is based on a video game. Actually, it's rarely with video games. It does not fit well in the 'Well that's too bad' section. But it's fit in the 'painful that's so bad' section. This movie sucks just plain. Uwe Boll should not be given anywhere near another movie set. Even its presence will curse a production. All directors there: Whenever you get a bad review of your movies, you should remember that you did not create 'The House of the Dead' and you would feel better. I will not get 90 minutes to return to my life. For that number, the word can not really describe how bad this movie is. Everyone involved in the production of this film, especially the ball, will be ashamed of himself. Although what I said is that the term 'house of the dead' can be fun, but this is not really. There is nothing interesting about it. Avoid this at all costs.
