There are some movies that you know they are going to be worse than frames. Even if you completely ignore Ed Wood's work, look at the commentator from "Out of the Plan 9" and you will not only see the next movie. Just as I saw the first shot of Boles Masterpiece, "House of the Dead", when the person came from San City, suddenly sitting in front of the house while sitting loudly, I knew that I was in 'M' for a heluvava ride. So, the movie starts like this - the first main character is saying that everyone else is going to die. You know, keep you awful. Then he started with the remaining letters like "Karma ... but he is Foxie Brown" or "Alicia .. My ex. We recently broke down, I had to study and have to visit him". No, I'm not kidding. However, this group of some 20-people who could not come out of wet paper-bags, they go from "Rave of the century", some tents located on the small islands of the Reeve Pacific Ocean, a port-non-ratty And an ornate stage. Our gang missed the ferry, but thankfully the way to reach there, was going to a fishing boat, Kirk (CPT Kirk?), Man, who wrote this script is a genius) and his Sidekick is a nasty Simpson's City McAlster and Hook is the killer who knows what you did last summer. <br /> <br /> To make the long story short, the gang goes to the island, and no one can find anyone except the bloody T-shirts. Then decided to run away from hell. There is no waiting, they are not, they are all really happy and someone like free budge. <br /> <br /> The film strikes the rock downwards with the scene, and then goes further encouraged against all the impediments. Some people started running in rubber case, some were screaming and shooting, our gang went to some other house to watch some other gang, they went out of the house, met with CPT kirk and some police ladies (about 500 pounds of arms) and Then decided to go home. Somewhere along the line they have a S. W.A.T. Converted into The group, entered into the matrix, the rubber-suit boys started quality as bacteria and I started crying because I actually paid to see it. To add an insult to injury, there are shots based on these cones from video games per minute, and when they die, a cute game-over-cut scene for a few characters. <br /> <br /> I Hate this movie seriously. It's not even famous that the "So Bad It's Better" section does not fit. It's just plain bad. The script is bad, the zombies are terrible, there is no excitement, the line is bad, the actor is bad. The list is OK. <br /> <br /> You probably want to see this movie being a fame, fame. No There are bad movies that deserve to watch. It's not one of them.
