First off, I did not know anything about 'Mazes and Giant' before I saw it. I had no idea about the roll-playing controversy behind it or it was a movie-made movie. When I looked at the cover (updated DVD one) I seriously thought that it would be another fantasy adventure like 'Legend', the monsters to save a princess from an evil street filled with the earth as Tom Hank's hero of the 1980s epic. Exciting sounds, right? The cover that gives you advice at first glance. I gave this movie as a gift, obviously on the same premises, because my aunt knows that I am in action film about the medieval mythological theme. And it's my favorite actor Tom Hendes. So I popped this movie, hoping for a good movie with Tom Hans, a special influential world of 80, which would be good for laughter. <br /> <br /> No! None of this. Now I will admit before leaving, I'm discouraged but I have no interest in playing games. This movie is a subject which is very warm in my content. And M & M (copyright infringement?) Is not very good with lover lovers who use their imagination to enter the great world. No! This is an anti-roll-playing movie which is made by some religious people (the same person who thinks Barney as the devil's work.) I understand that Satan is a clever fellow but I do not think he is enough soul for frustrated souls to worship him in RPG lovers . This movie is an anti-gamer movie. What I found from this movie is: It hates RPGs and makes fun of people who only play role, but it makes Poor Tom Hendes a mental patient. <br /> <br /> Talk to a volleyball at Caswell, the poor guy was alone, but how Tom makes fun of his craze and you literally saw the volleyball as a loving character by Tom's good acting. I saw this movie instead of that. In this film, Tom is attacked by a Mac believed dragon creature (it seems like a badly made mascot for an RPG team), and it is a divided personality which is always vague. Tom's acting only exceeds his character and nothing else you feel bad for. I think the poor man has lost his brother and because of that the head is not right, so the movie deliberately earned point points to be unhappy. I'm not for a movie that uses mental illness and the end of 'M & M' reminds me CRP. Thankfully, I saw 'Hudson Haq' and got a good smile before my soul was crushed. Yah, 'H & M' has exceeded the 'M & M'. . . A lot! This is not one of Tom's best film. Actually this is one of the most frustrating movies I've ever seen (even 'Savings Personal Ryan' is not this sadness). I went in expecting to see a good movie and I ended up feeling the opposite of the opposite. If you want to look sad (both mentally and visually), see it in all ways. If a message is released in this movie, then it is: "Do not play RPGs if you are Kaku for coco-puffs."
