This movie psychology really tried and weird weird. It is often billed as an anti-RPG movie, but it is not really easy. Here is the real conflict that makes me wonder what (if anything) they are trying to tell about gaming. <br /> <br /> They play a strenuous role in introducing all the characters to life, all of them have parents who are divorced, alcoholic, and completely out of touch with their life, they are strictly pressuring them to succeed. Tom Hendes can reasonably be the worst off, failing from other schools and still dealing with a stranger who is strangers and dead. <br /> <br /> It mentions that they play the game to work through problems in their real life. And, to the end, when they go to Robi (Hong Kong), they are all happy and well organized, encouraged by their adult career, solved the problem, removed games (Daniel also does not want to design the computer) and any other games, even Mao of Robi, who has always been drunk and disgusted, suddenly looking for a Happy Homemaker, fresh and bright and flower sort. Sure, JJ decides to commit suicide (and quite happily), but the reason seems entirely because he is a perfect boy genius who can not get a date because his character is famous for the famous Jack Chican Tract Like (which will happen in the future) and it almost seems that he is working on purpose, so he can finish Daniel's game and everyone plays him Maybe. Actually, the possibility of playing live-action is Keven's only thing that protects him from killing him!) And cut the most beautiful table scene in the whole movie, the chain looks very interesting in the mail, it shows in the camera and says, "The terrible monsters have our own mind . " <br /> <br /> The biggest fantasy element in this movie is the two Mughals beside the rich couple, so that they can hide the dirty, homeless man of his magic beetle. The rotating theme ("Way We We Wei" for the 80s) could have been rotten in the end, but the way to stop a movie is undoubtedly frustrating and came out of place. And for a final mystery, our hero, wearing the whole mercury rugalea, has a psychological break, completely becomes his character and based on his investigation, so the first thing that must change in the 20th century street clothes. <br /> <br /> Maybe the movie is illogical, but I think it is working on an irrational issue. In those days, children's scholarships were bred and feasible with the help of birds and pencils, and if they talk about your mumbo-jumbo, then you can become insane. Anti-game Paranoia is seen mostly in the first scene, where the reporter asks police what is happening, the police say a child is missing in the tunnel and Majes and Monsters are absolutely involved. The reporter acknowledges the strange game about the game (though he allows his kids to play it), then the camera and the relays are polished, which is a polished spill which blames everything and does not accept any possibility of another explanation. In the end, it's a great compilation, but interesting for movies made on TV.
