First of all, I should mention that I really enjoyed the picture "I'm happy with Samharda Otoko Momosiri Ona A" ("Hunger Skin Man and Pitch Hip Girl"), before Isha Katsuchito. Although it carries a loan in Tarantino's "Pope Fiction", it was the story of carrying the story of Isaiah, and the whole film cracked with power. The scenes of the ensemble and Gashuin Tetsuya were particularly attractive. There was enough sex to keep things interesting, conspiracies, bizarre characterization, keeping things interesting, and a completely unpredictable story line. <br /> <br /> So it was a certain expectation and optimism that I started to see "Party 7". And my enthusiasm was narrow with open credits, which gave up my wife and I was amazed at how fast and dynamic I was; Anime mix and live-action work was brilliant! Then, start the actual movie. In fact, it looks like a shadow of the sidebar, not so much "starting" and standing there, its pockets are blurred, uncomfortable. <br /> <br /> The whole picture takes place in three rooms. One is a future voyeur's paradise (borrowed from "shark man man ..."), another travel agent's office, and the third (and most commonly used) a seedy hotel room. In that room, fill a cast of seven letters and ... almost nothing. Really I'm not unfamiliar to the "talk" movie. One of my most beloved favorites is "My Dinner and End And", all conversation conversations. "Under My Min Diner" is much more exciting, and it only discusses the life of two middle-aged men at dinner. The main thing is that Andreas Gregory and Wallace Shaw are telling interesting stories. The picture of "Party 7" literally quarrels between each other for the whole film. "No, you do not!" "Yes I do!" "No, you are not really!" "Yes, I really do!" "No, you really, really do not!" Yes, I really ... "You got the idea, I hope I want the director. <br /> <br />" Party 7 is an incredibly integral movie. Plots are the only flimsiest (money stolen from Yaquoia, just as "shark skin man ..."), almost by no action. There are no interesting dialogs. Characters are basically uninteresting. Ishee took uninterrupted moments from Tretoño's films and made a complete film around them. But in Tarantino's conversations, there is always their own internal logic and intelligence ("they call it 'Royal cheese with cheese.') Here's nothing stupid compared to what you can imagine, if it is not short, Gashuin (who is always extraordinary) and cheerful The actress played a lower role from Tadanobur, I gave the single star "Party 7". The way it was boring.
