Since I saw the other three, I think I made it for the TV in the fourth part of the Omen series. As alone film, this movie is medium; But as a wonderful novel in 1976; This is a mockery. The film goes along the same route that many series go down during 'out of ideas; That is the idea of ​​changing a male male male. It is always clear that this movie has been made for television because the acting is very honorable, the concept of plot is lacking and the previous three horror kill scenes are kept at the bloodstream minimum. The film keeps a thread with the original, which I will not publish despite being obvious; That is one of the most interesting aspects of the revelation movie. Originally, the plot is originally copied by Richard Donner and a young couple accepts a child, which they call Deliar (fortunately, not Damelia or Damiana). A big dog is involved, and a child's mind; And soon, the wife starts to suspect that the baby may not be normal; Since he was menstruating at eight years of age and never suffered illness ... <br /> <br /> The first two sections of the Omman were not bad and the series should actually have ended at number three. I guess the money involved somewhere down the line, there is really no artistic reason why this film should have been made. It does not matter on the table in terms of fundamentalism, and the only thing that can be successful among the annoying fans of the series. It looks like movies and looks like all kinds of movies like TV, and in most cases act like a movie about the annoying spirit of a little girl. Indeed, Asia Viagra looks a bit anxious; But he never believed that he is antichrist, because his stractions are ineffective and most of his 'evil' is ridiculous. Faye Grant is given the role of sophisticated, and does not affect; When the rest of the custom agreed on such a terrible waste the time the deal agreed. The only good thing in this movie is theme tune, which has been originally closed from the original; And are overused. Overall, this image is not really worth it; Since it delivers something that is not famous for the series and does not judge the weak second seagull.
