And it did. Through my experience that when a horror movie reaches the "franchisee" position and then the next headlines are released, then they all become endangered by an inevitable factor: overwhelmingness. Woman IV: Awareness does not rule this rule, it takes another small child predicted by a religious prophecy to take their role as a Christian. Did we meet this before? Before the release of the three films, did we experience the rise and fall of Damien Thorn? If you are a terrible enthusiast like me, then you will understand that this is common for a horror movie, for many growing movies and the precedes for reducing previews of its credit - ears, heliers, fantas children; The list goes away. At this moment of the game, I'm sure you know what you can expect when you are ready to see the fourth title of a series. However, there is time to sit back and understand how shameful some filmmakers have. Owen IV: Consciousness is the same - a shameful money-making exercise. <br /> <br /> This image does not offer anything new or exciting for Oman Lineup. As unique and genuine as trying to compare with his unique brothers and sisters as the fourth of Omen, similarities and conspiracy instruments are shamefully the same. The guardian dog-like material, involving a priest, the suspicion of the people involved, the death of depression (apparently respecting the original film when the journal is titled by the glass sheet) ... even on the right, the father's involvement in politics and fame among society makes it very predictable. <br /> <br /> Although BB-Rite cast is generally considered to be a horrific title in this series, closing of the charts is an absurd, humorous and ridiculous reason for the absurd humor. This distribution of lines across the film. The atmosphere compared to the first three headlines has been completely invisible. In addition, the previous epic, the musical score by Gold's Myth has been replaced by hearing power; This is a complete joke, and if it is dragged from a "bank" of the movie I used to or used for this movie, it makes me wonder ... which really says something because I rarely comment on the abuse of a musical score - until now. <br /> <br /> To all, I will call the Fourth Owen: A Failure of Awareness. Among the horror movies there is a long list of titles behind them, and some do not manage to identify anything. If you are interested in creating other designs like your related belt belt, for example, you can create this title, perhaps even if you are not for entertainment pricing, to make sure a movie is implemented properly, or to weaken.
