Oman IV: Awareness starts' St. Francis Orphanage ', where Husband and wife Karen (Wyatta Grant) and Gene York (Michael Woods) gave their daughter Dessie Yevon (Megan Leigh) a baby girl, they called their Delia. The first thing is good, but for years and Dellia (Asia Viareira) grow up because of its suspicion and doubt after following the disaster, Karen believes herself too bad. Karen then found out that she was pregnant but discovered a terrible plot to use her as an enemy mother for the next Antichrist, and when she discovered that Deli was the real father, he found out ... <br /> <br /> Will be directed by Dominic Othinen-Gerard, who moved away or was fired and replaced by George Montessey, who f He did the brood, although he was frustrated as someone who guesses Oman IV: Awareness is more awful and humiliating than the predecessors. The script by Brian Taggert is too bad, I'm not sure whether this dirty actually looked as well as written words on a piece of paper, but with it many things are wrong that I believe is even harder to believe. As a serious film Omen IV: AWakening flattens on her face and if you see it as a comedy spoof, it works better, I want to say that the face at the end of the encounter with a detective group. Those who sing an evil Gothic song will be seen to believe the zombie carol singer and I was equally ridiculous and ridiculous in measuring it. Then there is the slightest difference between these and other women's films that at this time it's a young girl, why do I ask here? Seriously, why? There is no reason for this and no one is used in any way. There is, of course, a foolish twist, which claims that Dia has placed her brother's embryo inside herself and that it is in a cruel conspiracy involving a group of devil worshipers, in order that she may give birth to Christianity, only come as plain daft. How bad it is at first, it has a certain entertainment value, but unknowingly laughs later gives way to a complete ending of the lady. It is impossible to know that the fourth number of omen: awareness was guided by Girard and Montessy You can say that this was not very good behind the camera, because it is a snail, cheaply badly made movies that are actually made in movies And it shows up with blood, flats and unclear cinematography and production design. Then there is a total lack of fear, atmosphere, tension and gore that makes previous Hindi films so effective that the main elements <br /> <br /> The budget was certainly low and the film seems to be less. The best stylish thing about the fourth of Omen: Awareness is the final shot in which the camera comes up in the air, because Delia is expressing cross-cruised crosses through two extra lines in a distance, but before the end of it, the last shot is about the last credit roll, which only tells about everything. I would like to mention the song sounds dire, a comedy more suitable and very inappropriate sound. Acting is just good but bother the child as usual. <br /> <br /> IV Fourth: Awareness Fraud, it is a complete ridiculous film that tries to be serious and is totally stupid. The director probably could not possibly help to change, although that is not an excuse yet. The main Oman (1976), Damien: The Omen 2 (1978) and The Final Conflict (1981), the last Oman movie that is much more than that.
