Just 15 minutes after this movie, I saw Zhang Emuur's past, more heavy films which looked at China and politics from a unique perspective. His intimate opinion in the martial arts film was a serious mistake. After Operation Keger, the hero has played his worst film, an unreasonable complicated story and more wood than John Agar's film. Shi'a Mian Ma Fu is not different. An American who has been studying Chinese movies for years (and can understand and say some Mandarin), I am sure that I am coming from different backgrounds because my opinion is so different. The SMO like Hero, is not really a traditional Kung Fu film, and it is certainly not an oksia piano film. There are no swords and magic or chivalry elements here. It's a Chinese ghost story (all 3), The Butterfly Murders, Green Snake, et al. Although all the special charismatic Leads they saw were enjoying what they were enjoying, the features of SMMF were great, and sometimes laughable, the cardboard acted in dialogue. Jhang Jei also plays a blind person about Ben Affleck as well. This photo has a superior air that is really humiliating. It takes very seriously, it eventually becomes a huge joke. It seems to all actors that it is the most important part of Seluloid in history, they actually waste any chance of expressing emotions, and its complete laugh makes you really wonder if Jhang Imu creates a movie or just a showcase (ie an "ego booster") For Zia. The camera is literally carried out with her mouth and she gets once but the film gets double sexual abuse. Her acting range has really gone past her ability to play a naive "w" alloy. He is so attentive to his acting, he comes across as cold and cold, though he is reading his line from a principle. American critics and filmmakers (like totally stupid Quintin Tarantino) called the film a wonderful work. I think they are really important to see if they see a bunch of Asian actors on the flying screen through a bamboo forest, they think it is tricked into making brighter film. Ching Sieu Tuong's Corography, however, retains its trademark style, editing and attire, lacking the vitality and basicity of a fascist house story, Dragon in and Dual to the Death of its earlier films. Sadly, this movie's warworld is really subdirectory, and if there is a sub-director / clear cables, you probably have not heard it at high speeds. For the same special effects that they consider as a separate B-movie. Seeds, stains, bowl, arrows, swords, and other random objects pass through air (after being thrown), even though there is a pilot inside the lane, bend, climbing, and banking. I know that the logic does not have a place in the stylized Chinese martial art film, but if you do not want to create a large number of disgust from your audience, you probably will do a bit more work in your compositing. Mass melodrama, oddly funny dramatic moments, annoying war scenes, really uninspired plot twists are waiting for you with Shi Mian Ma Fu. It is clear that Zhang Yimou is making movies for the Chinese audience no longer. It is intended to crack only in the Western market as CTHD. After watching the hero and the SMMF, I came to the conclusion that Jhang Imu wants to make a Hollywood movie, but he must definitely go to the right start. The SMMF is primarily the Phantom Menace of the Chinese martial arts film. And I thought Hero was bad.
