All right, so I hired this shoe-like-chains-mascare-esquier film, which was not expected, but I like the opinion of the serial killer film novel. (The following is the sequence from the back of the box) "At first, it was just a joke - a municipality around Campfire - to have five friends in the remote cabin in the jungle of Texas, but when they disappeared, they became one, isolated, bloody body parts and by voodoo effigies. Replaced, remaining something scramble for their life. But he has there. And he is sick. And he's all Wants blood ... "So perhaps it is not understood to get it? Why a shoe? Why are their dolls "diet" drawn on them? Why why Sometime this is the answer in 1 hour and 30 minutes. Bore fest, except where these shoes reside. The characters fools fools, fools, and many hell of bitchiness. Especially a girl, whom she brought from a restaurant on the street, whom they thought was supposed to help them because she knew that she was busy with some people. What warrant is that as an excuse to bring your circle friend or their cabin as a friend? He must, of course, start planting seeds of jealousy, men who have sex with him because of eating his idle mind. <br /> <br /> The music was an average matter, per horror film without difference). The actors take some soap opera from the stars and take the whined ways about everything. The film's main man takes the girl to the cabin, preparing her first date for a terrible date, but of course, give it to herself on the first night of unintentionally informing her. It seemed as if some budget was not spent, but the dolls of about $ 1 in shoes were arranged and this was a terrific place to shoot this whole movie. (Many times have been done). I was waiting to roam the jacket to kill the remaining 4 characters of the photo (probably through the glass), but this kind of thriller never entered the film. I think you were supposed to prefer clowns just like a killer or something. <br /> <br /> I had to give a film 3. It is an attractive compound (primarily a garment of Texas Chess genocide) and the film can be completely a B-movie-style video, through which I play one of their most serious Star, but they chose the more legitimate style of the video. But finally, I probably did not think before paying rentals to Killer Clowns from this Martin video. Ah, but that cover art ... fantastic awesome drawing.
