I can not believe that this movie has started since 2007, under seventeen horror-flicks, it had all its appearance. Did they have any special effects or no knowledge of CGI ?! Do not they know that in a millennium, an supposed horror-and / or violence in Sispie-Movie should be at least a little graphic? Or did I mistake the purpose, is it a deep and meaningful story of man and animal, gathering in the big cycle of life, or is not the warning to mankind, mess with nature, or something like that? It really does not matter, it has gone wrong in some way and this movie has failed in my account. <br /> <br /> The proof is unimaginable. If you are able to replace a complete eye at a particular time, a responsible medical scientist will not start his first humanitarian effort with both eyes at the same time, it is completely unusual. And what is this all aware without the patient's consent? And why do people on earth choose to look for the most unusual color, and look like a crowd? However, I noticed that all the real wolf dogs in the movie were the usual dark eyes, they could not wait for such samples? The story is hair, this poor man gets this strange eye-replacement of Aaron, which suddenly feels like a donor wolf (or at least, I make it) and then behind him by some military person. Especially this last bit is ridiculous. I mean, I understand that the army is interested in the test results (imagine soldiers dream night!) But the operation failed due to the apparent neurological breakdown of the patient, because they also killed him outside me. Why not leave him alone and look for another usable recipient? (Perhaps a volunteer soldier ??) And why not try to kill everyone involved with the poor Aaron? However, these military forces, in any way, do not expect the US Army or the government to behave like psychotherapies, walk around the hospital, do the surgery, attack the private apartments as they do some # 1 enemy after enemy, and show the final time in the jungle Like the fairly lacking of the procession discipline, like a bunch of kids at terrible school, panning and Randomly shooting around <br /> <br /> It seems a wolf after Harun's replacement due to some unreasonable treatment. Eyes Why would that be ??? He suddenly saw fragile wolf philosophy. what is this? Do we believe that donor-wolf's memories are located in his eyes ?! And the recipient of this eye can also accept the wolf's desire for red (vivid) flesh and can stop the uneven ground around 30-foot high bulk and its cats (can a wolf also do that? <br /> <br /> <br / > <br /> Acting (or lack thereof) does not help the credibility of all of these: Wooden dolls, especially like these Indian girls, all of their lines can be beautiful, but they can be beautiful all the time, but they can be very good at nature balls. Only an expression (anxiety) and some strange silence can come and it disappointed me why Harun suddenly came upon him (but hey probably had at least one love scene!). I am really sympathetic to actor Corey Monty, who is enough Looks like a nice guy with a handsome face, but they did not give him a lot of things, he's bare-cheeked four-legged They were going to move, who could have fun, but then they chose a more impressive physical person, then Monty has to leave his shirt. His (some) killings and attacks are rarely shown, we just heard some wailing and terrible tears And then another victim lied and Aaron took some blood on his face and chest. A modern science-fire is not for awful! The only good acting came from Justin Bateman, and I really want to see that she has turned into some beautiful and enthusiastic forty women. He did what he could do with his stupid line and he also believed in me to be the doctor with good intentions, but he made his character a kind of glimpse that he completely wandered through the militant leaders. What a sadness that the script can not stand a little longer! <br /> <br /> In the end, it is considered as a fool and rather annoying film, with incredibly running, thrillingly scary or thrilling movies, many jungle-like forests and many of the wolf crazy running around the shields (who care?!? ), Man and nature and some inconsistent moments about some induced loads about an uneven musical score with pop music Central ramblings. I guess the word "undefined" covers it all.
