Hybrid Planet Protection Guard Aron Skates (Corey Montythet) is involved in an accident which starts blind as a water treatment. Thankfully, it is such that the bright scientist said. Andrea Hewitt (Justin Bateman) who works for Wolver, has developed transplant organ operations from one species to another, Hewitt decides that Harun will be fit for his first human examination. Hewitt and his team planted the eyes of a wolf in Haroon and he miraculously regained his vision. Bright, okay? Well, Haron does not start crazy because he sees the random images of Volvo and starts to beg for blood. Harun Aloris escaped from the building and runs, but he became very valuable and searched a full scale to find traffic congestion ... <br /> <br /> This other scientist operated by Yael Lancashire - Fi Channel offers absolutely Feeling easy to be terrible, I think it probably started life as a direct 'animal trait' but I saw the most annoying and silent As a science-Channel has ended. Even the features of any kind of monsters or animals Hybrid horror, scary scripts and I'm not even sure who had to make an appeal. The primary setup is okay with Wolf eyes, but hybrid separates the components of the science-element and becomes somewhat horrific drama, because it completely focuses on Harun's mental condition, because he is afraid of not doing anything especially with some Native American woman. Yes, do not you think that the Saif-Fi channel can create a movie about wolf Americans' antiquities and as well as the American American can do garbage on mythological issues? The dynamism of the character is strange, but Aaron is shown as a tyrannical hero, but he is the only character to kill anyone in the movie and a fairly unlikely, ungrateful and annoying person. Hewitt is shown as a scientist, but Aaron returns to his eyesight and nothing but trying to help him. I said Harun's eyes have been refunded, but Hewitt is a villain? There is also a regular Sai-fi channel of US military intervention, why is the problem so badly that Harun wants it? He is not a soldier, and he has wolf eyes to help him see in the dark even though he is completely unknown The screen can not remember whether it is in Harun's mind whether it is real, shamefully bad with the last half-nude. (The memorandum was made for this telly) with a pack of Aaron's volve is a bit awful I think the music is supposed to be psychic but it makes even more fun. There are many things wrong with hybrid, it is not a step, rather than hell, there is no variance, and the film revolves around the circle trying to get into Aaron's mind, but it's all ridiculous, stupid and annoying, you do not have any bits and no explanation That's why Haroon started developing other Wolf Sense despite the disguise of Volvo's eyes. <br /> <br /> I have problems with my eye as diabetic, I have a big operation on my right eye and I can guarantee you that your eyes will swell after the operation, you will not be able to open it and it will hit like hell Although, despite the hiding of the eyes, as soon as Aaron wakes up, there is no perfect formula or even redness in his eyes. There is no special effect, no blood or gore or violence, and there is nothing to excite you. Actually I think there is nothing too remote or science-fired to feel about it, it seems like a shit film of the week. <br /> <br /> The picture depicted in Monitoba in Canada is right, but it is & forgettable. All of the acting involved are poor from those who I have never seen before and sometimes ever. <br /> <br /> Hybrid is a terrible film which is probably marketed as some Werewolve 'animal traits' but that would struggle to get away from a really horrible end, which is probably you're in sewing.
