The plot seems vaguely interesting ... a scientist (byman) has discovered how human eyes and optical nerves can be replaced by other animals like humans. A young man (Montyeth) becomes blind to save a colleague at work - The scientist has received a call from a doctor that the young man is a good candidate for being the first human recipient. The recipients start becoming more and more like wolves, but the effect is "strange eyes" and nothing more than running on the night with dogs! (For the whole movie) the budget is very low, the dialogue is very blurred (I laugh loudly in some ridiculous speeches), and the act is very inefficient. The long portions of the film are not much more than a dreamy look, lazy music and wild wolf's wolf clips. It's very annoying, annoying, and mindless in the 90 minutes. <br /> <br /> The military wants to use the transit to return to their eyes and probably wants to militarize the technology. There is a fool's mistress about a beautiful Indian girl (Cori) who thinks she can help with the use of Indian knowledge of wolves. He is listening heavy and Indian chanting on music drums when he loves - crazy, man! Love takes place immediately after the horrific assassination - who is this Turkey accomplished?! A grouchy "drug man" who thinks little, without adding a little atmosphere of platitude spouts. <br /> <br /> Here are two ridiculous scenes. An activist of the research lab went to the animal house to discover the detainees. He becomes frightened, looks at the monkeys on the left, goes to the right, revolves left, revolves in the right, revolves left. It's been running for a while (who has edited it?) The Lam Run Out! I started to smile so funny. Another ridiculous scenario - our hero is at home, comes out of a window to reach a large armed militia - it releases open windows, military soldiers go to the open window, seeing the window, they say that he seems to be here ", and leave <br /> <br /> At the end of the movie, the military people are firing machine guns over the tree, giggles. There's nothing obvious - squibs are easy for me to guess, they have six machine guns that have cut trees, but decided to fight with our knife 1 knife !!! Shoot the guy who has written this trash? Finally, a vague conflict There, and believe me that I'm not spoiling anything for you - there is not enough plot to loot. <br /> <br /> I think the whole thing is tax-rights Or a severe blow some good movies to use money from unused budget.
