I do not understand people. Why is this movie got a 8.3 !!!!!!! The I had high hopes for this movie, but once I was about half an hour, I just wanted to leave the theater. Most reviews on this site tell people that it is one of the best action films they show (or summer, year, etc.) that they say is a wonderful conclusion. WTF !!!!!!!!! Line What was the consequence (except that the burying motorcycle, shoot, and he can fight better than anyone else)? What are you learning about Bourne's character in this movie ???????????????????? ****** nothing !!!!!!! Okay, there's a lot of work, but what's so big about the action of this movie ?? I do not like cinematography and film editing. The effect of the shaky camera and the quick change shot and they are old (I did not think of them as the greatest because it was still easy to follow and was not used to excess) and excite me a lot. I quickly saved my $$$ for something to ask. <br /> <br /> There is no plot in this movie. All these movies are seen in a 115 minute chase. Throughout the full 115 minutes of the film, you have not learned anything at all. Bourne, what he does, is a perfectionist. There is absolutely no development of this character in the film, you do not know anything about anyone and this installment has a wide array of new characters. Some people said that this movie contains incredible writing and mystery. !!!!!!!! Validation Writing what ??? What mystery ??? There is no mystery. Bourne is so perfect for her to do everything, I do not think she can think of anything. This is the best movie of 2007, if I can completely leave movies to watch! Many people say that Matt Damon's performance in this movie is his career's best (if not the best). What performance ?? How many lines he is in this movie ??? I give some respect for repression because he is going to movies and played different characters, but a good actor is a person who can recognize one another from a movie later on, who chooses different types of roles. Anyone who does not play the same role (which does not do Dammon, but anyone who is an example of Win-Diesel) However, this movie was a big disappointment for me. I do not recommend this movie, but I recommend the first two (Bourne Identity and Bourne Serpsasi) and I certainly recommend reading three books (much different than movies).
