This low-grade Universal Chiller has been announced as an upcoming DVD release, but it was already considered part of the collection of similar movies to me, but instead of waiting for that legal release, I decided to acquire it from other channels. Which is exactly the same, since the end result was not particularly special (if it is only atmospheric): At the beginning, the plot is quite weak ?? Although in any way it waits for Vincent Price Water Theater of Blues (1973)? Although it's not a film, except for Campi Gastro. What we actually do here, is a penniless sculpture (Martin Kosleck) ?? To whom we even share his measuring plate with cheese with his pet cat! ?? Who, after finding himself at a stage of receiving artistic pen of art critic Alan Napier, decided to shake himself in the nearby river himself. However, just thinking about this step, he is expected to save the lives of the poor people in order to do all the dirty work for him to escape the murder of the survivor of Rondo Haton named "The Crater" and naturally, the poor man's life! Although it is set in New York's Art Circle, we are actually Cossack and commercial painter Robert Lowy (who portrays the same statue blonde girl Joan Shawli) and how they are for the industry? ?), Who are easily enough, involved in the Napier rival Industrial Critic (Virginia Gray)! Long ago, the next is discovered with its spine broken and is suspected of lower; But another critics investigating Intelligence Bill Goodwin got a brilliant idea to publish a rigorous review of Loire's work (I do not know that the promotional sketches have been reviewed !!) so that its response can be fierce! In the meantime, Kosalek himself was frustrated that he was creating his best writing by filling a hat with a tremendous thrust. And recognized ?? Obviously what needs to be said, Gray attracts attention (we believe that its components are lacking for its weekly column)? Many things in the image of both the artist and the model Smiling, though the cryper looks gray (thanks to his predecessor hunting for the Poles-beta pad in Coslac), Shawley is closed ?? Then who became the daughter of Godwin! ?? As soon as talking to Lower Apartments and Koshelk (you guessed it), Gray sent her slow giant towards her deep end, to dump her as a fallen man for police? Stone pictures Curiously enough, although it was the end of the hattane film, the credit was preceded by the title of "identity"!
