It is often proved how much sheep-like movies are going public. As soon as some critics say that something good (i.e. "shake-cam"), everyone jumps over bandwidths, as if they are out of independent thinking. It was not a good movie, it was an awesome movie. 1) Plot? - What Plot? From the beginning to the beginning, Bourne retreated from here. That plot Do not look anything deeper than this. 2) Cinematography? Please, please! Will work much better with a 7 year old old and stuck 8mm film camera (I'm not exaggerated here). This photo is surprisingly an amateur cam camera-a tour-de-force. Everyone's ridiculous vibration (I really mean it) will be the dizziness and nausea of ​​the scene. 3) Trustworthy? - Oh yes, of course. This is a wonderful composition of credibility. I liked scenes of chaotic chasing girls (local) through the sightseeing market in Tennessee. - I'm tanyier. Even the guides could not go on their way to the streets, but in Bourne they attacked 100 police with speed and happiness. Greengrus will laugh his head with the importance of his film disciples. 4) Editing? - I do not know the editor of this movie was the editor, but I want something! - Each scene is between 0.5 and 2 seconds. At the end of the film I started to feel vulnerable to the effect of the straw of "Scene". 5) Instructions? - Hmmm. This is an interesting aspect. The film does not seem to have any directive. Greengrass cast a copy of the script (all two pages) at a lawsuit cameraman and "shoots a few scenes when drunk". - "Do not worry about the boys, we'll drag the scenes together in the editing room". To allow this editor to hit the silver screen, the editor should be kept at risky, birds and stocks. 6) Jason has not provided treatment to two senior CIA staff dedicated to misuse of Barn and misunderstandings. - For some people fitted their lives on the line they could be sure that they were not even traitors. Talk about stupid nincompoops. (Although the bad men CIA members plot to end an operator dropping a paper clip on the floor). (Well, all people are bad, do they? - Of course without SNAGS). Yes, this is really a modern and politically correct film that shows the hero of the day as a real threat to humanity and the oppressed man. 7) When you know-until the end of the fan, the winner is good on the temple (just as it always does, Ah?) And the killer gets drown in Jason Bourne - he suddenly goes through a criminal tour and pulls the trigger from there. (Yeah - right ...) - At this moment, the deputy director of the guides only walks around the gun and continues to drag the trigger. - How do these 60 year old people run so fast and even breathe out? Wonders will never end in 8) Do not worry, a Senate hearing in court and Baddies are getting drawn up. Well, we are not nasty, politically wrong, CIA staff are not going to shoot the rounds, can we? How nice to insist on seeing the truth of life! Noughties film ------------- Bourne ultimatum is completely rubbish.
