The number of caves of this episode was greater than the first 9. They do not follow their own rules about the soul, where the body dissolves the soul. This one leaves the second body. That body, and Dean is 20 feet down from Sam but then they are right with Sam. Flashlight goes out of an enlightened shelter at night, and we can still see everything. It is flowing through night but light windows. Is a Ghost Cellphone Calling In 1960? Come on! Sam could not find a physician on that day, and Sam could not find a brainer, and the doctor spoke to Sam, this is not his first visit. Sam and Dean knew there were other bodies in the sanctuary and the innocent soul was still hidden and there was nothing to help them. That Winchester boys do not seem like a thing. Oh and a dirty filled mattress and around a nasty shelter around crawling around the girls makeup and hair perfect and her white shirt is not a sunny shoe. <br /> <br /> The problem was good in implementing this episode, and the problem was that I was not silent for a few times, but I sat by the Dean sitting on the elicot's journal. I just knew that the ghost will take a person so deeply into a person who violates it's purity. Elicot does not exist. Perhaps a blame for such an important object or place (such as the alkalot office), must be to draw the soul while living or entering. If they are different then I want to scream ... 'That's how you will die! Always stay together and back up each other! But they do not listen to me: the elixote's soul and its special power was a very nice touch. This is the prime minister's show but I want to go ahead with the desire of torture by imposing one of his victims in fear of the elicot's horror. <br /> <br /> I especially gave it 4 due to lighting. Suddenly, the whole scene, like the dark or flashlight Flickr, is all the more horrific to be shocked. Lighter coming or rebuilding the flashlight and instantly a spirit is in their mouth. I understand the directors want to see our scene but then make a reference or a clear connection by touching the Elite Electric Socket and Light coming. The characters have a shelter response with no power in fact there is a room light suddenly. Blue-white light like the electric arc like the power of the elixip finger, like the power of the finger. <br /> <br /> Fatality, MSG could do better.
