When a non-stranger calls were rebuilt, I was obviously interested in seeing the original. Then when I read the original (which I think my sisters were returning day by day) I saw the real meaning of black Christmas, which apparently hit everyone at "the house of the collar". So I have that Netflix, and it's been sitting on top of my list for several months "Waiting for him a lot." All this time I am interested to see more! Then one day, out of blue, finally comes! ... and it's a total graduation. <br /> <br /> Of course, I had expected height, but I did not think that it looked more fresh. In some Canadian college cities it's Christmas, and having a party has this sorority. We saw some killer-pov shot because he got upstairs on this trolley and got torn apart by the Atik. So we know he's at home. Then we are familiar with our character ?? - Olivia Hussey Messi, Quinni, Canadian-speaking Jess Margot Kidder is annoying, as too aggressive alcoholic bars. She even invited her to even her mother even so annoying for her Christmas festival. This jeans, Ian Clone ("Phil") and the mother of this alcoholic Mrs. Maco also have these boring jinns, she took perspiration from bottles of bottles and saw that she stashed across the house. We meet Jesse's highly motivated lover Peter, played Kier Doolie in 2001 and lost the Bonne Lake fame, though in the middle of the film I was asking myself "Care Dulla?" <br /> <br /> It seems that the house has received pornographic calls, but it was before the email, so they did not want to send him a picture. Then? - Well, you know how they say that plastic is not a dry cleaning bag toy? The hard way that one sister finds is If you do not keep the first 14 shots of plastic inside the body, do not worry? - This photo has spread over 28, probably there you have to say, "Oh my God! There is a dead body of Atik!" Although changes in the first hour: "How do the stupid police get the plastic body in the ATIC?" Especially it is clearly cleaned from the outside of the house that are clearly visible. Indeed, any time CSI should be in the golden era of crime before coming to the wind; Police are so stupid Thankfully some of them look like Saxon. However, after the drama of a lot of wealth, the mother and the mother were afraid that their precious cat got upstairs on a vertical staircase and opened a heavy heavy trap that kept the door above it (she was a skinned cat! ), Because he sticks his head there and ends with a hook bracelet on his neck for trouble. Now there are two dead bodies in our Attic? Hey, why are not our 75 shots trying to junk us, now there are eight bodies? <br /> <br /> Now the police has started taking the situation seriously, and by tapping the phone of the house, they hold the police outside. They told Jesse and his flute Janice Ian that if pornographic return comes back, then he will have to keep the phone. Jessica, who has become more intelligent, muscular and boring, asks the caller, "Who is this? What do you want?" After making the first 89 calls, when it is clear that he is not going to answer. A developing disability like a sign? Unable to learn from impossible efforts? And what he's going to do, suddenly say "oh yes, hi, it's londroot to bob?" Dum jess <br /> <br /> Spoiler! However, soon after spreading their face with Janice Ian and Loose Lane (Kidder) kitpup (the idea of ​​Gore's idea) is decorated in bed, and fools realize that the single door or window of the house is not locked. Hello Do you have stalks or what? Then the police realized that the killer was in the house, and call Jesse, "Do not ask questions, just as I am saying right? Walk through the front door." So what will Jason do? Shout "Phil? Bar? Phil? Bar?" Hey, great idea sister. Now why do not you go to the right where you know that a psychic killer is hiding? Of course, he and his ex-friends see, everyone spreads with ketchup, asking the viewer to scream at the screen: "Now what is a formula? <br /> <br /> <br /> Now you need to understand clearly and this movie is classic Slash movie tricks are made firmly before making it fast and do not move towards the speed that it uses, and 206 times the platform is covered with dead The horse was probably scary. Back in the day, and people are not used to stalked by psychopaths, so they did not know, you locked the windows, doors or windows. And when they said that there was a killer killer there, they might be tempted to roam around You see, the people were stupid to return to the 70s, and we must understand that one of the bigger shocks is that we would attack our proto-final girl. I do not see it, but I believe, this review is becoming more attractive than sitting on the film. <br /> <br /> ------ Hey, see movie cinemas, bad and sugar movies on my website ( Some good movies have been thrown). You can get my email address URL above.
