Unhinged video was part of the selection of ugly censorship film that was built in the UK in the 80's. The kids are coming out of their hands, do not know! It will be astonished at what many shocked about. Through today's criteria, Unhinged is a small little fairy tale. <br /> <br /> 3 girl is off to a jazz concert ... and directly, you know the body count is going to be very low. They are lost in the jungle, and fall into a car accident that seems to be fake, it is ridiculous. They live in woods in a strange house, which some pick up by some residents nearby. One of the girls is seriously injured and has to stay upstairs. Then there is talk. Talk to girls about why and how they should eat dinner because no one likes them when somebody is too late. And talking more. Yakkin Yak Some mysteries have been made that the crazy man is roaming and harassing the girls, and some of the beautiful girls in the wall of Hitachak Saiko are seen in the eyes of some. I am so blah in this movie because you will be frustrated when the killings start. In fact, a girl in the girls has become very upset with her mind that she is looking for cities alone, in the woods right now. Intelligent Steps He probably knew about walking alone jungle part of single damsel, but just do not care. As long as we wait, we are waiting, and the next girl may not be killed until she waits. <br /> <br /> and then the bend is over. For some viewers "expected" is unexpected, a real whole for others. Probably probably someone who really wants to see this. I do not care how twisted it is, this movie makes for nothing but the most annoying time I was watching it. Even with the tiny effect of the last, it does not have what it takes to provide a good story with the director. It will be made better than 30 minutes - over 1 hour of TV episode, Tales of the Darks. <br /> <br /> <br /> If you really can get it for any reason, you probably have seen each slashher movie, make yourself a favor and the fast forward button is ready. Since there are so many important scenes in the movie, just zoom in with them, and at any time, you will end "WOW, all this time". Oh and in the middle of the film shows a shower scene where 2 girls watch wife-bees. Horray for Boo Bees Beau Bee who made beautiful buzzing honey.
