World film critic, I apologize. Moving people can choose the job of consulting your business so that they can spend money on advertising. But I ignored your advice and I was seriously hurt. However, the decision to view my "hat in the hat" was not made unreasonably. You see, three years ago your critics said that all "accidents" known as "how to make a greench thief Christmas" should be avoided. Then some friends of mine took it to see me and turned it into a colorful, fun and almost hypnotic yuletide treatment. So when critics expressed their anger against "The Hat in the Hat", another big budget cuisine was updated as the big star in the title role, I think it would be the same old song. How wrong I was <br /> <br /> For five minutes I thought I was clear. The opening credits are cute, the kids are charming and the top notch of production quality. Then showed the cat. There are many problems from this point, but the biggest one was Mike Mayer's harmful miscasting. Where "Greenwich" was preserved by Jim Carrick's inspired castings, "The Cat" was destroyed by the Myrse. When his powers are applied, he can be very funny, comic sketch The movie that he made was really fun, really a feature length comedy sketch from "Owen's World" to "Austin Powers". So he tried to do the same thing here, it is true that this comedy sketch is more like a stick at the end of SNL, not funny, just painful. The authors did not help him anyone. After an impressive temptation, the film becomes a boring body humorous one hour, bad times trapped and humiliated trick of hip fun. In this movie I sometimes had the experience of the most frustrating movie. Duration So much talent and work went so vile something went on. I know adult stars in this movie will be unexpected by this mess, I hope the more likely to showcase their characters in wonderful movies by the wonderful Spencer Brasilin and Dakota Fanning. If you are a parent, avoid it like a plug. Currently you have better choices with movies like "Elf" and "Brother Bear" in the theater.
