Hellbarn started as a young psychotherapist, James Bishop (Matt Stacy), and started to receive his residence as St. Andrews's insane asylum, or 'mental illness facility'. About 600 patients Bishop said his boss. After completing Maccourt (Bruce Penn) and working on him, he got ward 'A', where there are some seriously and dangerous patients. When it was not bad enough during Vision's first round, Bishop found the corpse and threatened Spread Graphite messages in his room. Bishop began to hear stories from the patients about the sanctuary and soon discovered that the stories are more about the truth about them ... <br /> <br /> This superb film in the United States, known as shocking shelter, Philip J. Jones was guided and I liked it, but ultimately it was a lot of unhappiness for me to enjoy it completely. Matt McComb's script takes itself very seriously and I like the original idea behind it and some of its ideas, but some things that work against it. Initially the film is very slow, the story is quite good and does not move very quickly, but it takes the whole age to go to it and I was losing interest with a fleeting moment. I thought the end of the so-called twist was too predictable and was very happy and forgotten until finally This is shameful because I liked the story, the character, the setting and some ideas, but it is very slow and gradually shameless to entertain it for 90 minutes. This is a movie that I want to recommend but I can not do it in all the truth. <br /> <br /> Director Jones works well, it's actually a well-lit and quite atmospheric film. I will not say anything to fear here. It is not certain if Helburn was shot in the actual drunken shelter, but if that is not the case, it does a great job in sets and the film looks fairly well. Unfortunately there is a real lack of work or action, there are two hand-printed wounds and a separate tongue, and this is nothing else in terms of blood or gore which must go down like a disappointment. Depending on who you believe and what reviews you read, special effects are always the worst or very good, I was very influential as the horrible fans of the low budget, especially the giant thing which seems very impressive and though a man is an impressive case A lawsuit type type effect than a horrible CGI computer graphic. I think it all depends on your expectations. <br /> <br /> Technically good film, it looks pretty good and lacks the CGI computer effect. Although the acting is not cool, it certainly could have been better. <br /> <br /> There was some good thing about Hellberz, a movie that disappointed me, but at the same time something terrible that had unfortunately crossed. Well I like some parts of it, but considering the 90-minute viewing experience I find it impossible to recommend to anyone completely impossible.
