Curiously named Vera-Alan Sindhu Honey was going to the movie-skating movie for the dancing: blonde, girl, always delightful to watch, but not particularly good actress and usually associated with weak elements. I can not help remembering her blouse (Yellow with narrow red horizontal cycle) coming out of the South Vietnamese flag by watching Alan's Sexy Apache dance filled with Jean Kelly in 'Words and Music'. For some reason, too much American Vera-Alan has played in Edinburgh set * Two * Music (after a few years), a city known for its Top Dancers: 'Let's be happy and' Happy G Lovely '. <BR> <br /> Later, Caesar Romero also plays an American Impressioni, who for some reason has been running a musical instrument of Edinburgh. There is a vague attempt to link this shot to the Edinburgh Festival, which is meaningless: the festival is not a showcase for splashy leggues. We also see some stock shots in the Royal Mile: Except for some of the highland languages, there is no attempt to publish the Scottish atmosphere in this film. When the title of the Romeo show's title "Freelix to U" begins to learn, we can learn a lot: it is a sticky punishment that the Britons get and will not get ink. <br /> <br /> <br /> Allen is normal, attractive and interesting and as an impressive dancer, but very little musical numbers of this movie are annoying and bad . Intrigues - Mood of David David and Reporter Gordon Jackson is wrong, though some of the more than Hollywood songs have more plots than the plot. Romero is less boring than usual, probably because (once) he does not need to convince us that he is interested in the heroine bed. <br /> <br /> The only big crime in this movie is how Bobby misuses Howes Sally Ann Haus's father was the chief star of the West End Stage musical instruments; His impressive presentation of "She's My Lovely" was a big hit in Britain in 1937. Here he has seen so many scenes like Romero dogs, but there is never a chance to participate in any kind of music, even in a real comedy. It is a complete crime that this movie - with the title of the word 'Lovely', is sure to cause Hoas the greatest blow - it will throw a major British musical star but will not give it to him! <br /> <br /> The delightful character actress Ambrosein Phillips (with whom I once worked) has been gradually shining in a restaurant, and she has a glance at the wonderful beauty Kandal Kandal. As a sheep-allen believer, someone named Diane Hart spoke to my most miserable voice: it looks like Joan Greenwid and Glinnis Jonson both imitate the same imitation, but both do not match. Val guest has a story credit, but this movie does not come to the quality of its brilliant comedies. Color photography is bad, even though I realize that Britain's subsequent Hollywood process was not capable of working. 'Happy C Lavali' is a great time-waster, 'Warter' operative word, the best of all time. I'll rate 4 out of 10 in this movie.
