You must understand, after the release of WarGam in 1983, it has created a generation of computer hackers. The ratio of reaching a teenager could do something that the only world war was novel and thrilling. Real computers started appearing in people's homes, and for the first time, the society was getting together as such that it was proven excitingly in love with this film. It is sure that a conversation computer that was free of time during chemistry and melon war worldwide, it was a little far away, but there was a bright commentary for nuclear expansion and cold war. I've probably heard of hackers that the film was actually based. <br /> <br /> Come forward 25 years and we have an extraordinary mutant that I bother to call a "Sigail" Wargames: dead code. I'll just dig right. Firstly, this plot is on a government-run gambling site where people who win the game will become terror suspects. You're probably very confused now. It is believed that finally the terrorists click on the sub-game in the website "Dead Code" where they throw it with BioWipons and run the plane in a city. At some point in the game, you have to choose "sarin gas" and "anthrax" and if you choose "sarin", then you are automatically guaranteed as an astronaut weapon expert and your family is interrogated with custody. Movies, actually this will happen. However, since the money was paid from a bank account for the game, it is obviously understood. Second, this avatar of direct-to-DVD bomber AI is a boring flash animation that repeated pop-up-add-esquire sound bites, "Play with me with baby". Because in the future, apparently the interest in intellectual practices such as Ai Bush has lost interest and has become obscene. <br /> <br /> Thirdly, the motivation for this "hackers" and the main movie as women, such as genuine curiosity. For some reason, recent hacker movies show all young adults as kids with average surfers, who are like each other. It can work for your average things, but let's not learn how to accept public computers by shopping with your hair, sports or sport, and friends. A novel that I noticed is that some of the conversations have a reference to a Matt Damon movie, and then thereafter the word "Good Hunting, Will". I swear, they will name the main character only for the phrase so that they can send Mr. Damon up to five. This kid would not be bad, but certainly I was never like any obsessive hacker that I ever met. I am not fully convinced that this movie will share the real name in the same way, because it is not something quite common with it ?? Professor Falken and Joshua (W.P.R.R.) reappears in this film, apparently a painful man, who is apparently going to die in a big way, and an old tick-tech machine with a high-pitched voice. After some tension, Joshua (AI) seems to have sex with the new AI with the porn velocity, a group of board games on the big screen are flash and the "only way to win, it does not have to play" is supposed to be the opening crown moment. As well as those of us who have seen the real, you know, those who first want to see it are already there and did it. A recycled ending for a movie made from last month compost. <br /> <br /> The new movie was directed by a person like 90210, and was written by people working in B movie. The original was driven by a man who kept himself busy with "heroes", so you see the difference in quality there. There was a real rebuild, but I hope they do not destroy this classic again. I swear, if I need to, then I will go to every gambling web site until I'm driven by a psychotic government computer. Savings pity is that I was able to flush it into Netflix, so at least the only power that I spent showing this disaster was for breath, click, and panic.
