Someone, some days, should make a study of architecture as it figures in horror films; Curiously arranged palaces, secret searches and cryptos search, tracking of monsters through airflowers, and more. Offhand I can only remember some movies where the architecture plays a major role in the whole of "The Daemon Seed", "Cub", "Terrible Ghost" - but it's a wonderful house or church about every story or crypt; It's all about affecting the characters and spaces, paragraphs, and walls. So I'm looking at this thriller where it is committed to be central. The idea is: An architect is built - in fact, rebuilt - a huge and rainy house for himself; His wife has left him, mainly because of his own self-centeredness, but it has also been told because he can not use it in the area since the reconstruction. Strangers live (in reality this time instead of virtual), he suspects that another person - a newborn who once used to call the phone at the door and then suddenly disappeared - living with the house; <br /> <br /> This is a good start for a Meddram, in which someone would expect to follow some lines of this: After successfully searching the room for the intruder, the architect has successfully rescued his Blueprint for further procedural exploration, in order to prevent the picker Trying to prevent or attack different ways, probably the medium of some special features created in the framework . Already the infiltrators have found the search for the place and place of the hiding place, which the architects have not seen or remember beforehand. The movie will be a cat and a game of mice, a victim, a fight; And finally, while trying to trap the infiltrator, the architect will be able to trap himself in his creation, just as he did not expect. Then he will be forced to think of himself in this way - and perhaps at the same time, at the same time, each of his own separate and separate separate separate separate and separate spaces - and can kill them till the end. . <<br /> <br /> This movie has not happened; The room is just a house, the architect is just one person, and his generosity is unknown, if he exists forever. Here's what's going on in the movie: Once the infiltrator is installed in the house - if he is - the architect starts to cry, but when there is an investigation, nothing is available. He called the police, he thought he was a little brown. She persuades her wicked wife to spend the night, she thinks she has more nuts. In the end, at least or less accidentally, he ran into the intruder (not found a good look, but figures, it could be any other? - no difficult question, in that case, at that time, three main characters), where he closed the door Grab the grills in the windows, throw the key (I do not know why he thinks it necessary), and let his victim leave it hungry . I've missed why this was given: Doors and walls are made of steel? In any event, the architect wants to sleep in his car. And since the concept of film has been adopted and it can not be improved anymore, so it needs to create something else to take its place. And this is: Architects - are you ready? - The person who probably (probably) went into it and lives in the same way. How is it possible? Not that, but the film takes this route to try and create it: the architect draws a picture of the person coming to his door; And when he leaves home, he takes the picture with him; And while sitting in his car, he dropped the picture on the street; And the two kids pick it up and think that Martin looks like his neighbor; Where the architect asks where in his house and the kids guide. <br /> <br /> If this sequence seems impossible, then what exactly can happen is OK. Architect Martin lives with a wheelchair-abandoned wife. His unknown; She is so stupid in her moves that she is so intelligent in her study of the house that she might be sitting in a house where she is roaming or in the eyes. Throughout this section the film is quite clever, it creates (or is left to the observer) point that its life with this stranger whom he does not know is the same life with his life, as a virtual buffer with him as a virtual recluse. But at the same time, the ability to live on earth transforms its cat into completely incredible ruffles. Finally do not go into the intersecting series - with another murder achieved by locking someone else behind another unconscious door - such a lengthy long front of a wheel that breaks down under a wheelchair; Two nice people who kill the murders; And before the start of the story (the story begins) the uneven construction of a tunnel under many houses ... final, long-expected wrapping, adding more to the film, making it more aggressive, and then ... ends. <br /> <br /> Here is a story that relies on the development of two things - the idea of ​​a newborn in the house and the character of the person where it is - and disrespect both of them. The first fault makes it annoying; The second made me angry, because it pushed its main character more and more through the mess and did not give any explanation for the character which is most needed: Martin's tunnel-maker and sneak tenant. The story should be restored by somebody, some days.
