This film ends with a statement that describes the fate of our two main characters and the names of the people and the places have changed ... before realizing that the actual people and the events are completely cognizant of the relationship with them. This last line actually sums up everything that's gone before; The filthy film of Rio de Silvestro lacks complete perspective, and if there is any aspect of the plot; It has not been kept on purpose. Werewolf Umman is often seen as guilty or 'bad evils the good' movie, but I totally disagree. Generally, I enjoy such movies; But Werewolf Umman is actually a bad film, and despite all the sex and barbarism of the exhibition; It's not even for a fun watch, and that's really unforgiving. The film does not really have much plot, but the thin thumb we give includes a young man, he dreams that he is a Veruful. She goes out and looks for men, having sex with them and finally killing them. She falls in love with the real world, but her boyfriend dies and she goes out for vengeance ... <br /> <br /> This image is made with sex and cow's scenes, which are pad with recent characters on which mull Very dull word order This scene is likely to plot ahead and create characters; But they do not really do it and can only be a potential exploitation romp in a highly harmful film, just turning, successful. It seems that the director was more interested in style and atmosphere than this plot, and this shows that the picture looks beautiful and beautiful. Sex scenes are often very loving and very lover, but Gore works well. To provide a very sexy slice way to absorb the compound is ripe, there are many nude women, and the central character means that there is a virulent source that can be abundantly erotica; But it is not accumulating, and when I can beat the huge dose of the plot line done badly and done the bad job, then I can not really watch movies and get bored. Overall, I will not recommend this film to fans of big exploit. There is a better thing than this and the title can be playful - not the film.
