"La Lupa Mannar". The 1976 "Wavef Umman" is a film about a highly committed title, but sadly, the film must definitely be looking far away for my fellow Italian Harper. You will not hear that the movie of Rio de Silvaista is completely bad - it has stylish moments and the first half is really fun to watch (though the fun is unknown). The film also got a special exhibition actress, Anik Boral. However, the film does not usually give any idea about a real plot (at least no linear one), and it's incredibly dragged into the most unexpected second half. <br /> <br /> Dreamy (Annik Borel) dreams about a dance near the nude at night before turning a curious celebrity into a weird surprise. As she was raped as a daughter, Daniela was afraid of the men. Then, when his sister (Sir Seren Digmar Lassander) comes to meet her husband, Daniela suddenly gets attracted to her husband and then Verhuul Umman makes himself ... or something. The story does not really give the slightest sense, which makes the film a lot of fun to watch the first half. Some schizophrenic mixtures of leading character Daniela Himsail and lively nymphomaniac, sometimes active in a Verwawel woman. Director de Silvestri Many women have chosen to create plot-holes with nudity, which is fine for me. There are some pretty well-done gore moments. Although the film is not a little suspicious or vague, it is very entertaining at the beginning. Also, there is no attempt to hide a slide to hide it, the camera often closes in the private parts of Miss Boral for easy bust. I'm not complaining. Then, for some reason, De Silvestri chose to change the movie completely and change it that was going on. Daniela is first, a common Verbobil, who can not help but follow the curse's call, but suddenly he meets a man (Howard Ross, who was "Il Bus" of Fernando de Leo in 1973). Suddenly, he goes back to normal, and the next half of the film does not go hand in hand. It gets boring annoying after a while; Everything is considered, it can probably be only 70 minutes long for the 99-minute film. Ultimately, even they want us to believe that the unreasonable story (if someone can call it) is based on true facts. "Werewolf Um" has some released attributes; Fellow of my fellow Italo-Hora fans can try it out. However, if you want to watch the Italian horror / exploitation in the 70's, you should watch hundreds of films before watching it.
