London Dreams directed by Vipul Shah, frustrating film about the fools. This is a type of movie whose central conflict can be resolved immediately if the corresponding letters just sit and chat. Ajay Devgan played Arjun, a popular pop artist who is acting before the crowd of fans in Wembley Stadium in London. Salman Khan, who is definitely more gifted than him, but envisioning his or her best friend and band-companion anywhere near to aspiring or aspiring. Arjuna decides to destroy Manu when the next popularity threatens to get him out. Now here's where the heart helped the heart. Arjuna explained that what this stupidity of Wembley meant to him, Manu, graciously made the background and allowed Arjun to fulfill his childhood dreams, and we refrained from the rest of the visit to this overwhelming wine. But director Vipul Shah and his author did not intend to give us any respect. London Dreams is unaware of the kind of sunny jewels, just like the background associated with Arjun's grandmother, who surrendered to the stage-fear of the packed Wembley concert. After the explosion of the Confucian Manu will have to take the responsibility of voice, there is a humorous incident, which actually makes Arjun silent. Stupid, however, does not end there. In an effort to shame Manu ashamed, Arjun uses his connections to push Munu to the medicine. A buxom groupie Manu requested for her to drop down a few trumpets with her but replaced her with salt cocaine. Before you know it, Manu has got lots of hunger for addicted white powder, it is actually kissing like a dinner. If that is not silly enough, then there is a strange scene after Manu where he said that after he was taking orders from the girls. Usually this work ends in the London lane, where the girl is forced to walk on the knees, in order to mislead Manu's girlfriend, who secretly follow them. Wait, there are more! When Arjun closes his belt and wants to scream cruelly in order to eradicate all thoughts of romance or temptation towards the band's main dancer Priya (played by Asin), because none and nobody can dislodge her from the musical goal. To compare with Rock On last year, very liberally inspired by Mills Forman's Amadas!, The last of an invisible melody of Vipul Shah, which is written in writing. For the wide ridicule of the film, the maximum emotions, and basically select loudness on the subtlety. It works for Manu's character, Salman Khan in all the sensual and loving games, but in Arjun, Ajay Devgn is very inactive with a performance internally. When Arjuna reaches the boiling point, it results in a peculiar pre-climax scene where he delivered a packed concert hall lecture and it is understood that the plastic bottles are covered as punishment. In the remaining cast, I can not use a kind of word for Asin, who in reality has made Ghajini its brilliantly impressive, but unhappy is too frustrated with her acting performance. Ranjeet Singh and Aditya Roy Kapoor, in the band only dropped in the sidekicks, meet regular breaks, usually some strangers, such as "We will push it down!" For her slowly written writing and sloppy side, London Dreams finally got a tedious watch. If you want to see it, see this for Salman Khan, who turned Bapoori into acting style. This is the only thing that will make you laugh at this sad, sad film.
