The film starring the child actor kept herself on the back foot from the very beginning. If there are some exceptions, most of the children may be annoying only after a few minutes or even those. The children of Paperhouse have been able to capture the worst of both worlds, because they are both very annoying and there is not an ounce of power in them. In short; They are garbage. It is not good to be considered for leadership and it is not particularly good when you consider that it is impossible for the film to be taken seriously by the absurd actors. It is a shame that this movie is not as intriguing as a dead loss (not completely). It follows a young man who, after drawing a house in his notebook, wakes up in an imaginary world that he has created. It soon became clear to him that he could utilize this world through his paintings, and so the dream finally set about different changes rather than being nightmares. Oh dear <br /> <br /> You can see, this plot line gives a nice foundation for a good fantasy horror movie. However, it is squandered through many deadly faults. First and foremost, despite having a nice firmness for authoritative innovation; The movie is very old. The central plot rarely played with, and the result is a completely annoying experience. The lack of excitement is another huge harm in the film, because it feels appropriate to pull each order at a point that you are no longer taking care of (which is due to lack of ideas). Thanks to the part of its main character, a movie seems like a movie throughout the film. This may be expected as a child's big, but Bernard Rose wanted to tell the story that he wanted to write this story; The movie is awful as the best ridiculous. The film is very impressive, and 'romance' is extremely fatal among the two leads, and it makes it very painful to watch. In fact, if I want to enrich this word in one word, then I will choose 'painful'. Paperhouse is played weakly, ridiculously plotted, completely corny and dull. Protect yourself from the pain, see something else.
