The eternal Jew (Der Eviej Jude) is like today, which we do not want to mark a manuscript document like today: Rather than naming it instead of experts or formulas, it simply states that, without opposition, it wants us to believe (one American American of the time is also modern The audience considered to be moral less than it was controlled, often by inserting dramatic scenes. But the real news passes them as footage). Add this managed campaign that filmmaker Hippulla had "promoted to be transformed", so ethical Europeans were not asked so much to hate the Jews that many of them should have already been held so that they followed Holocaust. The logic of the film's weakest link shows in its "rats" analogy, where it comes to explaining the behavior of fats and then adds to the effect of "the Jewish people like him". Likewise, the Jewish people have been identified as ugly by the ugly Jewish people in comparison to the fascinating nations; That is the ugly bad that jumps with faith. The film sometimes conflicts itself, for example, that attacked Western painters who painted the Old Testament characters like the light-skinned Europeans; Thus the text acknowledges that the so-called "Hebrew" ethnicity is actually a related aspect of Christian culture. It also shows the Jews living in selflessly hiding the Jews of Gnihan, even though they have lost the treasure, and then exclaimed that these same unwanted people go to wealth and luxury as soon as they leave Ghetto. Eventually, who will not? Uses in a well-known American film scene of House of Rothschild shows logical faults similar to logic. The first Jew is condemned as being made by the Jews; It is obviously used by Hippuller to verify the fraud of the Jews (the statement quoted above by the Jewish Jews, which is shown as a way of avoiding taxing, although the additional spies of the "spin" Jews of the Rothschild character are imposed); Finally, the famous banking family was re-enforced for the discovery of the account for the rethinking of Rothschild film. This obvious uncertainty whether the American footage has been shown positively or negatively, can become apparent with the repetition philosophy, but at first glance, it is ready to see some confusing movies. For the incompleteness of the eternal Jews, I was initially surprised that the image rating of the movie is as high as the IMDB rating, the "5" date is ashamed. I want to say because the documentary value of ijes has exceeded the main objective, which has unknowingly focused on the lives of European Jews, because they can not be seen for several years. There is no need to say the film is very bad, it is bad for filmmaking as a preacher's tool, or simply providing historical insight into the evil. About this time, director Hippler should hope to be flip-flop again, "What I wanted to do was mine!" The scene illustrates the killing of animals, especially the horror, and undoubtedly shows inhumanity, to prevent suffering of livestock without the purpose of the law of kosha. I like to look for the movie, and have some knowledge of this method, to comment on whether this image is correct.
