It is known among English audiences of La Chute de la Maisen Oshar or The Faw of the House of Yusher, Allan (Charles Lamy) is going to his good friend Sir Roderick Usher (Jean D'bakt) Castle, who sent a letter to him. His wife is ill in Medellin. Allan made Madeleine very sick, and her husband Roderick firmly and almost obsessed with drawing her portrait. Madeerine became weak as Rodiric Paints, and the film was eroding its life, and so became Alan, Allan tried to help his friend but soon attacked the tragedy ... <br /> <br /> This French production was co-written , Produced and operated by Gene Epstein and in 1928 adaptation of The House of Ashes The Foll of the Fruit of the Foll of the House of Joshua adaptation I had second place. In fact, I did not publish the original novel published in 1832, that means I have been waiting 89 years for a correct adaptation. Come along at the same time! Anyway, I think I have some problems here because I've read positive comments about La Chute de la Maisen Ossa and maybe I'm not the right person to write a comment on this but I have to say it's just nothing for me. I did not like it, obviously the first thing to say is that it is a silent film and so it depends on the imagery, but I thought the story was weak, I think the whole picture was boring and lazy just lasting for one hour and it really is something for me No About 80 years ago, La Fuat de la Maisen Ossar was created and it literally went on for a lifetime, world, film and taste, and I could not find any enjoyment in this movie. I think this image was badly updated and probably was not good at any one to start. I have never felt for any character, I have never cared about what is happening and I have received much fatigue, I am sorry if I have bothered a silent film fan over there but I think. <br /> <br /> Director Epstein has done a great job, many people have been involved in the imagery of La Chute de la Maisen Ossar and I will freely acknowledge that it is in the moment but I think they were less and far away. Human face shots are going on and they do not seem to be weird to hear what they say, I do not like the music, and the version I saw was the original French language insert card which was described by the person with the most French word of the most horrible word. Which was putting off. Based on the story of Edgar Allen Poe, I suspect that it has many similarities with one or two basic elements, with the famous Vincent Price starring Roger Crimson House. <br /> <br /> The technically correct film was made when it was considered. You can not tell about acting because no one ever talks, although the picture is related to unnoticed exaggerated movements and reflects on emotion or reflects something happening, but it looks a bit later. <br /> <br> La Chut De La Maisen Usher, who are interested in the Gupta era, who live in the caves or who are trapped in the past, will apply for them, my stories are like stories, I do not roar and sound My choice And I'm sorry that the last statement makes me sound like an uneducated ass but I think how. The world has been better since 1928.
