It is clear that those who have made 'box office dead' love B-Movie horror. The series references are fully drunk across stock characters (the entire authority who does not really believe in the traitor attack), once again to review the last moments of Dwight Jones from 'Dini of Living Dead' in Kevin Smith's style discussion but twice. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately it's more than a love to make a good movie. <br /> <br /> Staging and shot choices are overwhelming and unfamiliar. A general advice in the film school is to avoid the 'master's theater', while fully telling the story of the master shot, here we can see the opposite of different sequences that find it difficult to find local relations between stories. A series of medium shots with tie it together with no establishment shot. Editing is misleading and original and sometimes unmotivated. The light was flat and sometimes ugly, making the scenes in the dark theater difficult (there was light, or only this light is available?). Some shots are out of focus. The conversation is intense, and for the most part, the performance for one-note (shows some power and screen presence like Isaiah Robinson Curtis and there are some delightful decrycing line readings by the projectionist; Michael Allen Williams has some excellent moments as KC Kirkpatrick as the theater manager and enthusiastic film Giac Eric ). The premiere is shameless, even for a B-Horror Flickr (also, it is very bad that Dr. Eisner was unaware of Project Paperclip - he could save himself a lot of trouble!). 'Zombies' are threatened, and their makeup is unconvincing (although the chunky zombie to get a gumball out of the machine raised a smile). For a zombie fan movie, there is very little blood or violence, but what is there is very well managed. Adult music, though stylishly incomparable, sometimes nice, and has some good foliation effects. The 'Time Warp' parody was a funny audience, although it was less fun to see the images running with it. Unfortunately, looped dialogue is flat words. Was this shot un-synchronized (suspect, looks like video through and through)? Before the main feature I saw the special role of Trauma Films Lloyd Kaufmann - although it basically plugged Kaufman's own items and acknowledged that he did not see the film when he mixed up with a toxic mask, his production and entertainment values ​​were more than 'Dead ...' Anyone who puts DVD together - the movie leader count only on Flash-Frame 2, each bow Not one after the other). In that case, the Vampire movie theatergoers were seen to be 'dead ...', they looked a lot more entertaining than it was. Recommend to avoid, unless you know someone involved in the production or Lord Coffman is critical (he plays 'Coffman the Minion' in film-in-a-film). <br /> <br /> (Full disclosure: My girlfriend is an additional of this movie. I swear this is my review color.)
