I love to love the best late paul nashchi (R.I.P.) ever. Although all actors acting in the dancing are great, they do not have any definite presents that are not available anywhere, but they are always entertaining for Riches and Flix. There is no rule without exception, however, as "El Mercal del Infinio". "The Devils Possessed" (1974) proved. Although the film has special rivet-flick-common, it sadly drags too much and really gets, really soft sometimes Alcoholist stars Bad Baron Gilles de Lanceri, who oppresses the public and uses black magic and bloody shows to stay in power. Gaston de Malbrasen (Gilmour Breidstein), who fought alongside the Gilles de Lancer against the British, learned about Baron's evil behavior, he helped his former comrades' surgery and free the people from the tyranny of Satan Baron. <br /> <br />, directed by Leon Klimsky, who is best known for managing the leaking of "La Noche de Walpurgies" ("The Wehrland v. The Vampire Woman", 1971), the film itself gets snuffed. Nasya often used to compose his own films, and one should say that he has done more real, more original work than most of this. "El Mercal del Infinio" is mostly produced as a historical adventure instead of a horror film, and it is quite annoying throughout the middle. It is often similar to the Sward and Sandal film in the 50's, only this movie is set in medieval times. The part of the devil was probably only associated because the name of the great Paul Nassi is associated with the Harr tradition. The film has an excellent part: Paul Nassi gave strange lectures, Paul Naashy was curious, Paul Dashchi was working on Satan, torturing Paul Nashi's innocent victims, etc. But sadly, most of the films pay attention to the boring hero and good boy, and these moments are annoying. Female cast members are nice to watch, however, unlike most of the cinema, there is no nudity and laziness in it. There are some things, but in most cases it looks weird and it does not get much fun as it is also the case with most other dance films. Overall, "El Mercal Dell Infinio" is just a look price for my colleague dancers. There are dozens of films staring in the Spanish horror god, "Lorobodo de la Morgue" ("The Hanbach of the Morgue", 1973), "La Orgia de Los Muertos" ("The Hanging Woman", 1973), "El Espinto Sarge De La Tumba "(" Horror Rages to the Tomb ", 1973)," Latidos de Panicó "(" Panic Beats ", 1983)," Rose Songre "(2004), or WenDem's Danninsky 'Weirwall' films. R.I.P. Do not miss Myths do not die!
