It is clear that the director and production staff set out to paint the Palestinian girl and her family less than flattering pictures. The film and its website try to mean that Aiyat is the secret of swelling itself - a lover's problem - probably pregnancy. It is obviously impressive that Yayet himself witnessed the death of his close friend - outside of his house. Teacher, then why would a young, beautiful, intelligent girl go to college planning on the world? Hormonal, psychic teenager was hit by seeing someone who likes to die in front of her eyes? All 5 minutes of this detailed movie. Another obvious explanation is that Avigel Levi, Rachel's mother, could have prevented the destruction of the family of the family of Acarus (with 22 other families). One obviously gets the impression that he is offering this "impression" - Mr Akhras should agree to speak with him. "Why am I?" He said. (Since the movie was created, the house was destroyed - apparently the interview does not result in what she wants - so bring bulldozers) - Mrs. Levi claimed that she wanted to mark the film as a cathartic and symbol, hoping to overcome hateful hate. Opportunity "- instead of using it as an excuse to lose the mother of Reyes, when she is a cow-like room Zhu Keep iye. Yet two women live only 4 miles away, but do they really feel that the occupation for Palestine's neighbors outside of contact with him really seems that Mrs Akhras can eat a cup of coffee? Please and he lived a person to meet Mrs. Akhraj personally and see what kind of life he lives. (The family of the Akars originally came from Jaffa, but now 4 miles away from the refugee camp, where the levies live in comparative luxury, I could have mixed a sympathy with Mrs Levi. Self-religious conflict is its air, on the other hand, in the mother's love, simple and As love is closed - post production worker draws his monster with him and his family as a monster Despite the best efforts of Hake, even music and sound design were one aspect - I think Movigin sings every day daily from Levi's family every 4th of every day, always in a fierce contrast from new old music which scores this disrespectful excuse for a documentary There are also minor issues in the language - Mrs. Levi has the camera in English directly in English When he had said a while ago, when Hebrew did not do that, Mrs. Akhour received Arabic conversations, sometimes a translation, sometimes translated, always painful, and very suspect for an intended motive film, they also "sweated" under the lights. ", When Mrs. Levy was comforting (in the air). Edit for the department of Mrs. Akhara. I gave it a 2 because I liked the mother and father of Ayats, who looked like decent decent people. For the release of such a stink-bomb, HBO, producer and director, Shame.
