Actor and independent writer / director John Cassettes shows a working class family with a mental disaffection from a female of the influenza. Husband, Nick (directed by Peter Falk) is a blue-collar worker who played his wife Mabel (played by Gane Rowlands), showing that he showed the amount of attention. From the beginning of the film, it is clear that the label is very curious and weird, but only a few minutes later it is clear that he is much more than that. Crazy He was crazy. Out of his mind Nick tried his best to hide it from his colleagues, and after his dinner, especially the strange event, he asked him if he was okay, as he was trying to deny the illness of the labels. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> I present most of this problem story There were estimates, and some of the characters played towards the end. Mabel has been committed, because, undoubtedly, he is nuts. Then, six months later, she was ready to come to the hospital, and her husband threw a team to come back to her. At the beginning of the film, he did not act stupid. Why would he invite these people, some of them are unknown to Mobi, when his wife is so harmful in his wife? It's easily stupid. Later, after coming to the home of Michael, after Magell's father did not want to eat spaghetti, Nick had a huge explosion by screaming at the top of his lungs. Her daughter has returned from just six months of rehabilitation, and what you want to do is keep her calm, and she goes mad in spaghetti? After a few minutes in the film, Nick brought Magellus to the stairs and was forced to do what he did while being mentally unstable; Make her weird noise and gesture. Did he not be able to send and send him? There were other other parts that happened after this, but it would be just unnecessary to look at them in more detail. I have assumed that in my decision of the Consulate, my characters had a serious problem with such behavior. However, although there was a problem with the end of the film, there was one aspect that really freed it; Acting Guena Rowlands played an amazing mad lady. At the time when I forgot that he was acting, where I was caught in his wild germ and crazy conversation that I was actually afraid of him. She was amazing believers and intense. However, I was also influenced by the rest of the family. Peter Fawck played a very strange character, and I almost thought he was crazy, because he had misbehaved with his children, his job, and especially his wife. I usually do not appreciate child actor. But the film starring Nick and Meel's children were great. They really thought Malle was a child, because they were so attached to him and he was so attractive to help him with his problem. I think their performance is such a thing that together with this film, and without them it can make the film more realistic and less intense. <br /> <br /> I am generally not influenced by this movie. The story was awake and vague, and the characters acted in a way that made me wonder that there was no madness in the movie. The only saving grace was the role of the bright lead in the families of Longhigh Family. Their realistic dialogue and powerful acting together kept the film together, and perhaps this movie is never equal to any quantity.
