Under the dominant woman goes mad crazy in a woman, but I can see why I go crazy. If I live with that family, then I will be crazy with the family I lived with. Everyone in his family stops their cyclone and not completely with it. She always shouted at him and told him that it is best for him and for those who do not have the fastest among the drawers. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br />, her husband, Nick, a little bit close to her rocker. He is always screaming to him while living in his house and telling to stop acting like incomplete behavior. The rest of the time he is working long hours in his job and when he needs support he is not there to support him. In his life a person who should always be there for him is not there, and if he is, then he just thinks he is worse. She relies on her for support and when she thinks she is doing wrong, she always goes to her and she does nothing to support her. Instead of comforting her how she works while coming to the hospital, she is asked to do the work, she will shout just what she needs to do, what to do. <br /> <br /> Another major person in his life is his parents. His father did nothing for him in his life. Mabel mainly carries their life because they are afraid to stand up to him and stand up for him. Finally he asked his father to stand up for him and he did not understand, and when he got it he did nothing. They can not do anything to restore the table or to stop him from being mad because they do nothing for their time. The only person trying to do something for him is Nick's mother. Nicole's mother is vicious about being committed to the mother. The doctor has pledged him so he does not want to deal with Nick. It seems like everyone is against the bill and they think that being committed is a good idea, because then they will not be able to deal with it anymore. They all want to save their lives and do not want to do anything for the mbell, except that he does not actually think he's doing something wrong. That's why he became crazy, why he had to make a commitment, that was the whole fault of his family.
