The title should have been 'Belderdesh!' Except for the island, the film was true and true submarines were involved. Poor camera work, Moody stock footage and perhaps a lower point of 'Japs' with Japanese infantry mockery, a bit more than the left-handed Japanese warriors pilot and one-dimensional Square-Javed Americans' laughing and left-right movie quality. Sixty years later it is an odd artifact as an opportunity as strange as possible to see and feared fighting feces when possible. Plot and dialogue reminds me of playing marijuana on summer afternoon in my childhood, peer through neighboring hedges to get my best friend Steve and my younger brother's deadly advantage. In fact, Karlson and his people were walking around the Makin Island expanse almost and wandered around in the dark, finally, thirsty and completely unconscious, some tried to surrender, before becoming a bit confused Japanese before. The soldiers immediately surrender them! With the withdrawal some of Marlon Island's islands ended and they were abandoned! The film was not able to tell the story, not in 1943, so this intelligent curvaceous was created and released to beat the drums. Randolph Scott and his jaw, Kernel Thurwald (Karlson) manage a unit associated with single stock character, Green Hiring (Harry London, Robert Mitchell), Griseld Viniar (J. Carroll Nish, Milburn Stone, Sam Leven), Country-Pumpkin ( Rod Cameron), American-American boy (Allan Curtis), and sniper (when they did not smile) 'jeeps' And yet the cast element almost overcomes. Almost Randolph Scott's narrow range is suitable for the role of sincere commanders and he works best with thin grill, which is supported by the strong group of professionals. But in the end, winning a note of practice notes. Randy Scott easily looks directly at the camera and provides a scandal (a good sort of incremental) call for surgery when no ties are completely abandoned. Cast was better than this material. So the audience was there. Reefer should be seen with a bottle of Madness and medium-priced Merlot.
