Airport '77 begins with a brand new luxury 747 aircraft full of valuable land and such as are owned by a wealthy businessman Philip Stevens (James Stewart) who travels to those & heaps of VIPs on his property to prepare the public for opening the museum as the daughter of Stevens. Julie (Kathleen Quinlan) and her son. Luxury jetliner rises as planned, but in the middle of the air there are pilot chambers (Robert Foxworth) and his two associates Banker (Monte Markham) & Wilson (Michael Pataki), who are knocking passengers and crew in sleeping gas, they intend to steal valuable cargo and land on an airplane bar on an isolated island, but making its descent almost to the ocean's oil platform and losing control of the plane that sends it to the sea, where it drops to the right bang in the middle of the Bermuda Triangle. If the air is weak, the water will leak over 200 miles away, leading to survivors' problems, as they wait for help in the fast run ... <br /> <br /> Also known as a slightly different plate Airport 1977 drove this second catastrophe by the thriller airport (1970) by Jerry Jameson and once again, as his predecessors cannot say, Airport '77 is a forgotten classic that is fun, though not necessarily for reasons. Of the three films I have seen so far, I liked it best, simply. It's my favorite plot with three nice middle air hi-jacking and then crashing (did he see the oil rig?) & Sinking 747 (maybe the makers tried to overcome the original airport's second popular catastrophe during the period of Poseidon Adventure (1972)) and the underwater is where it will end to the harsh problems facing those inside, whether it suffocates to the air or drowns in 747 floods, or if any door is opened and that is a decent idea that could have made very little catastrophe but bad sympathetic character, boring dialogue, Letargic set-pieces and the actual lack of danger or tension or tension mean that it is a lost opportunity. Although a rather slow plot keeps one entertainment in 108 odd minutes, it doesn't happen as much as the plane is drowned and there is not so much speed as I thought it should have been. Even when naval engagement is taking place, it will not rise as much as some big ships and helicopters fly, but here's something. George Kennedy as a jetxed airline employee Joe Patron is back but gets just a few scenes and hardly even says something that just prefers to worry. <br /> <br /> Airport '77 home video and theater version run for 108 minutes, while US TV versions add one more hour of frame, including a new opening credit sequence, much more scenes from George Kennedy than Patron, returning to make character more accurate, longer rescue and discovery, or other pair of dead bodies, including navigator. Although I would like to see this extra frame, I'm not sure I could sit at the airport '77 for almost three hours. As expected, the film has had terrible fashion and interior design choices badly, I am no longer just talking about model airplane model effects. With two other airport queues, it is proud in the Razzie prize hall, although I think it's a much worse film, so I think it's a little tough. Unfortunately, the scenes are a bit boring, the pace is slow, and there is not much excitement or tension that is disgraceful because I think it would have been done well, even if it was a pretty good movie. <br /> <br /> Values ​​are good if something remarkable. Action is not big, twice the Oscar winner Jack Lemmon has said it was a mistake to celebrate it, once Oscar winner James Stewart looks old and weak, and once Oscar winner Lee Grant sees drunk while Sir Christopher Lee is drunk little to do and too many other familiar faces are too much. <br /> <br /> Airport '77 is the most catastrophic of the three airport movies, and so far, even if they were a bit stupid, the idea of ​​production and boredom didn't help, and the movie of a sunken plane should not be boring or sleepy. Followed by Concorde ... Airport '79 (1979).
