When I was little, my parents took to the museum to see the interiors. It was one of the many films I watched with my parents, but that was the only one we went out of. Ever since, I had never seen Interiors and I would have been able to live my rest of my life without it. What is the embarrassing, embarrassing and painfully boring piece of wine and cheese of the 70s. Woody Allen is one of my favorite leaders, but the interiors are the worst of my career. With Ingmar Berman's unmistakable style, Allen gives us a dark, angled, silent overview of family life caused by the psychological damage caused by divorce, alienation, career, love, non-love, halitosis. There is no deliberate comic relief in the film, no music, and it is a hidden sin. This style of film can best be defined as an expressionistic character, using the improvisational dialogue method to "illegitimate the more profound depth and truth". But Woody Allen is not Ingmar Bergman. The film is painfully slow and boring. But after that I had no connection or sympathy with any symbol. Instead, I only felt contempt for the paradise that referred to confusion, whining, nicotine staining, martyrs in constant search for identity. Against the background of cosmopolitan prosperity and baked Brie intelligence, this story is like a beep in the room. Everyone talks about cigarettes in affected spreads and high language. Everyone is "lost" and "fights", desperate to find direction or understanding, or whatever, and it just goes on and ends up wanting to hit them all. It's never a resolution, it's just an infinite introspective babble. This is nothing more than a psychological drama that has come to the extreme of the audience's connectivity. Woody Allen decided to make such symbols that put himself in. And that's why I found this movie painfully self-conscious and spiritually drained. I see what he was doing, but his demand to promote his message through Prozac's prose and distorted film techniques, which is past relevance. I highly recommend this if you feel a bit too happy and need something to remind you of death. Otherwise, let's pretend that this movie has never happened.
