The summer season is here when cinema choices are limited to the hottest movie of the week, giving 99.9% of the screen to screen. OK, so I can overdo it, but you get my drift. In addition to Hollywood things, Bollywood also has a share of the highly anticipated blockers, and on some of the trailers shown, I also have the opportunity to watch them. Tashan was presented with one of the most anticipated THE casts in 2008, but I was quite surprised by the lower turnout in cinemas. When I looked at Jodha Akbar, it was a full house, but it wasn't for Tashan. <br /> <br /> After watching it, I knew why. It was fun, but it was basically weak. Just as it is literally in English, meaning "Style", Tashan is all in style but with little substance. Not that it has no ordinary star power, but the scenes felt compulsive, and some restricted the ridiculous, even Bollywood, standards I have to say. What is quite surprising is that Tashani is directed and written by Vijay Krishna Acharya, who wrote Dhoom and Dhoom 2, which I enjoyed enormously. <br /> <br /> In his rookie director, where he leaves with Tashan, although you can't eat your direction, you will probably scratch your head over a plot that was at best junk. He tried to force the story to do too many things, even though the credit was given when it allowed you to ask some of the perspectives to motivate the character, but it came a little too late and only to the finals, which only continued you for a moment before you guessed it pulled into a full blown action that mimics many Thai action films, along with Hong Kong wiring and Hollywood's ridiculous firearms and a zero kickback. And if you want to include everything, including a kitchen sink, you have a variety of vehicles, and what took the cake in honor of Dhoom 2 was the Jet boat in the middle of the middle. <br /> <br At best, Tashan can be seen as an involuntary comedy, and it is attributed to the way the cast cries came into contact with their characters. Saif Ali Khan plays Jimmy Cliff, the head of the call center, who only teaches English as a new girl's material catching platform. When he meets Pooja Singh (Kareena Kapoor), who is not exactly what he sees, the bitter and cute natural hottie. He's dealing with Jimmy's services for his boss, his mobile Bhaiyyaj (Anil Kapoor), who probably can laugh most when he speaks English and phrases like how ah-beng does it. To complete the quartet, Akshay Kumar plays Bachchan Pandey, an illiterate gangster who was taken by Bhaiyyaji into the forest of Jimmy and Pooja as they flee the money stolen from the Bahiyyaji business. <br /> <br /> This is the way to start driving, with friends looking at enemies, and with the enemies you know, friends will get when the road trip lasts. Jimmy Cliff is probably the most unlikely because he goes from zero to hero, completing movements that shame Rambo, at some point, which is completely out of character. Kareena Kapoor amplifies the sex factor when she uses her charms to cheat on both men, and has many ways to do this, considering many food bikini pictures and other costumes that boast over the knees. Each character has a background created, and I thought Akshay Kumari Bachchan Pandey was probably the best, most touching and most fun party, although his character seemed like a non-green incredible Hulk with his gravity jumps and power packs. His wounds also heal automatically, which makes Wolverine ashamed. And the best part is his theme song, which is a fucking alpha-man and played in the ra-ra mode every time he takes his opponents. <br /> <br /> But sad to say, this is the only voice that is memorable, something that delights "Bachchan-Pandey-Bachchan-Pandey". For most of the Bollywood films I watch, I usually have the ability to tune in the setup or two despite the obvious linguistic gaps. I couldn't do it after Tashan because the songs were not memorable at all. Usually, a song / dance routine works well without the need to bring characters out of the current scene or location. That I enjoy being compared to taking them out and to the extreme settings on the high hill, or the beach-side cliffs that are on the beach. <br /> <br /> Tashan probably didn't take himself too seriously, but came from Vijay's Krishna Acharya, you probably wanted something more fun than ridiculous, and that consistency would be a little more cautious. Settled as blocking, now I can begin to understand why crowds have already occupied it. Despite Akshay Kumr, who stole the show, Tashan could have been better overall.
