Kareena Kapoor's vision of a two-piece bikini is the only thing that awakens you from bedtime while watching Tashan? this weekend cinema is the biggest disappointing new entertainment movie. Bad movies are bad movies and we see them every week, but Tashan isn't just a bad movie, it's a terrible movie. Terrible because it takes its audience for granted, even horribly, because filmmakers expect to get away from the plot or common sense just because they have big movie stars on their ships. Written and directed by Vijay Krishna Acharya of Tashan. describe on the road, but what goes in the wrong direction. Saif Ali Khan, like Jimmy Cliff, is the head of the call center who is hired to teach English to Bhaiyyaj - that is Anil Kapoor, who plays an ambitious UP gangster, desperately cool. Jimmy got his eyes on Pooja, a gangster's real young assistant (played by Kareena Kapoor) who uses Jimmy to beat 25 crore boss. Having decided to get their money back and punished for both Jimmy and Pooja, Bhaiyyaji recruits his most reliable handbags to do the job. So you have Akshay Kumar like Bachchan Pandey, a gangster loyal helper from Kanpur, who kidnaps the culprits and restores stolen money hidden across the country's length and breadth. a threaded script that is put together on a plot plot. But the treatment is so uplifting, so tender that you can't make any connection. Instead of a coordinated scenario or a traditional three-way structure, you can get a handful of set pieces around which most scenes are loosely built. This delightful performance song in the desert, bullet-dodging action scene in Rajasthan Fortress, Kareeena bikini moment, even this ridiculous climate action scene with shaolin monks, water scooter zipping through dirty nail and believe or not, even Dhanno-style horse-controlled tonga. Not all of these pieces are badly done fairly - in the desert the object of the song is actually quite clean - but very little of this is in some ways a bigger picture, because you are just going to one piece without any script really help. You are just waiting on the seemingly fast roads to find a very sentimental setback on the shores of your childhood. You see Tashan's problem that no one is involved with the film, what kind of movie they did. What's more, I don't think they're going to take care of it - a movie that is lively. Tashan is among the elements of all genres without packaging and regardless of whether the blend works like Tookan as burnt stew. There are movies that will kill you, and then there is Tashan, a movie that kills you excessively. Each film's frame will probably cost a shiny finish with camera-work, exotic spots, and fancy costumes, but it's probably going to come together, but it still looks hollow because the story doesn't hold. The narrative from Tarantino and Stephen Chow does not help because they do not match the thin plot of the film. Maybe there have been fewer complaints if the characters were more interesting, but Anil Kapoor's grabbing Hinglish dialogue allows you to split your wrists, and Saif Ali Khan bounces foolishly, unable to find his feet. Kareena Kapoor, meanwhile queen, is doing a decent job. But when Tashan is saved to some extent, it is due to the nature of Akshay Kumar's irresistible presence and his spontaneous attitude. When you tie your footwear repeatedly, and you drag it when it conveys these double-minded dialogues, but not for a moment when you take your eyes off when it is there. they seem to only prolong your misery. Well, because Tashan is a test of your patience. If you don't know, Tashan means style. I'm sorry to say that this movie has nothing.
