Horror Masters: The Screwfly solution begins when America is infected with an airborne virus that affects the male population when the awakened men kill indiscriminately all the women who seem to be in the name of God. Scientist Alan (Jasn Priestley) has been introduced by the government and knows more than most and feels that the situation has gone too far, so she tells her wife, Anne (Kerry Norton), of her teenage daughter Amy (Brenna O'Brien) and try to survive because the future of humanity may depend on them ... <br /> <br /> This Canadian American co-production was an episode 7 from the 2nd season of Horror's TV series, director Joe Dante I thought the Screwfly solution was pretty bad . Personally, I think Sam Hamm's manuscript sucks, it takes itself too seriously, and I don't understand why it is part of a series of horror masters, the horror the filmmakers are going through in the Screwfly solution. himself and the themes and ideas he brings out, not the visual horror of the screen, especially the weak ecological message he sees intent on lowering his throat when it gets a chance in a short 60 odd minutes that seemed to be a problem when it just ended it, which could be readily interpreted as necessity rather than any substantive attempt to pack things up. I was also dissatisfied with the story of contradictions when men only kill when the wake of sexual arousal causes the airplane to accidentally shatter the woman's neck? Whether he was sexually upset, I don't think so. Why does every boy think he is killing on behalf of God? I just don't see every earth suddenly knowing that the Bible has started believing in God, I just found it ridiculous, and the show also clearly shows that something that happens is divine to murder all the women they see? Then is that people start to turn on different things, like gays? Do they kill women instead of women? I know there is a short scene that makes fun of gay, but it's comfortably brushed on one side and that's the thing that most disturbed me. The fact that probably all the earthly psychological and killed all the women they go into their daily work, as nothing happened, just seemed so stupid, drawing is garbage and things down, there is an end that looks like it was taken X -Files (1993-2002) Rejected Episode with a Bright Neon Alien. worried, this story is badly occupied, it's just so stupid, since it played a deadly line and instead of trying to make the right horror show, it turns into a thriller with a deadly virus in an open position and a subsequent mother and daughter. run because there are very few roads that I would call an effective horror and even less gore. There is a scene where a woman is broken with a bottle, a short scene after a boy picks up his groin in that bottle and another woman has a stomach, but nothing else to write home. <br /> <br /> Technically, like other episodes, it's really good and it doesn't have a cheap TV series look, the special effects are great as usual and it's well done. Action is fine, but nobody really looked out. yet. As an independent entertainment, it did nothing for me and the so-called horrorist exhibition that it even destroys me.
