Superman II - Richard Donner Cut should be a fan of the dream. Finally, only photos and scenes that were only printed on the printed page finally came out. A director who could not fulfill his vision would be able to restore his vision. It seems to be the winner. And then you begin to look at the assembly of this material and you realize that this "esoteric dream" is a very real slip and incompetence. Although it is quite possible that no film would compete with the finished version that each of us has imagined over the years, it should have seen the project finally. And it's only very many times. <br /> <br /> You know that things are trembling when the first text on the screen looks like home-made computer graphics. But then we're going to see the new material (Superman, The Movie for the trial) and the first bit of hesitation disappears. Hey, it's pretty clean! Things are essential for these little moments, until we see material from STM that is mixed with the new effects of this project, and it doesn't convince at all. And from that moment on it will never let it go. It is probably not the right film to be judged because of bad visual effects, but if it is supposed to be a direct follow-up to the film labeled "You Believe People Can Fly", it is hard to believe anything that is shown here. The best effects in this are original productions. <br /> <br /> Another problem with cutting it. Much of this just doesn't make sense. The only reason it really works is that we've all seen the Superman II theater version, a movie that makes sense. Lester Superman II fills the holes in this knot. Some of this may be because Donner did not come to shoot, the other part could be because the creators of this project intended to use as little as possible Lester material. What we are finally getting is the assembly of video materials, which makes Superman IV airtight and coherent. <br /> <br /> After that, Lester was loyal and comfortable using Donner's material, Michael Thau and his team were extremely disrespectful of things shot by Lester. The best scenes from The Donner Cut are those that are relatively untouched by the release of Superman II. This includes the moon order and the order of the canteen, not ironically, both were shot by Donner. But something else that Lester's filmed has changed so hastily, Lester now seems to know nothing about the fist. Although Lester respected Donner's material, Lester is thrown here. <br /> <br /> Is there anything good in this version? Well Marlon Brando is in it and it's nice to see. In fact, looking at the material recorded by Donner, it is pure because it was all filmed while Superman - The Movie. But this only highlights the issues with this release. Whatever the main scene (really, just Lois jumped and the scenes with Marlon Brando) would have been better filled with the deleted scenes. Instead, they are footwear that has been horrified in unreasonable narratives, with worse presentations (using many alternates from familiar scenes), sloppy editing, and bad decisions. <br /> <br /> See the opening scene in Daily Planet. Why do we look back at Jackie Cooper when he calls Lois and Clark? Finally, why do we have a Lois walking into his dark apartment to be followed by Jackie Cooper, who walked into the dark bathroom, turning on the lights? At first it seemed confusing to me because I thought I could see Lois. The whole assembly is full of such questionable choices. <br /> <br /> Battle scenes are also confusing without any geography between slices. It's just casual. Of course, Lester was shot to capture the main scenes and his material is only used as a bridge to the next Donner outtakes or alternates. They should have used more of Lester's materials, but apparently they had too much to be proud of. <br /> <br /> Consolation extends to military missiles. As noted elsewhere, Donner Cut shows the rocket "XK 10" as we all know it is "XK 101"! The blind man in STM knows it! Manufacturers of this assembly who tried to respect the original text fell less than five minutes on the ball, and this error shows the quality of the whole production. For all this anticipated maintenance, the final product is air that's inevitable. <br /> <br /> The whole thing would probably be more confusing if Warner hadn't done so. As it is, it is expected that we will pay for what is essentially the "Play All" bonus disc selection for deleted scenes. It really is only worth watching, so we can finally see legendary cut scenes, but after that look, I expect it to be a great magnetic dust and little. I know after I have the experience of watching it, I honored Lester's version. It is not perfect, but Lester realized the shortcomings of the script that boldly emerge here. He managed to make a movie that has been entertaining for years and continues to do so, while this new reduction is likely to be remembered only as a footnote to film history.
