I thought it was about time I let it go. Pokémon fans are suffering these days in America. Why? Because we rely on kids WB and 4Kids Entertainment to offer us our beloved series and movies. For the series, they do a good job of bringing Japanese versions of fun and magic to television. What is their problem when it comes to movies? Honestly, now, I've seen all three Pokémon movies in Japanese and I can see the fourth. These are great movies. They are all pleasant and fun to watch. And after seeing Pokémon in 2000 theaters, I can't wonder how these American producers read Japanese scripts. It seems that they seem to read and see something that says the words "Enter empty morals here" marked by great boldness. Certainly, it seems like they used the same wonderful copying methods they used in MSB (extreme sarcasm there) and created it nonsense. <br /> <br /> * Possible spoilers here * <br /> <br /> Well, I think I should first talk about Pikachu Rescue Adventure. My first grip didn't come with narration. I think they got enough bad comments about Pokédex's narration that plagued Pikachu's vacation, and with a caring, gentle woman's voice, as Pikachu, Natsu Yasumi and Pikachu Tankentai showed, they just cut the story together. It wouldn't have been a problem except for one thing. Did anyone really understand why Exeggcute won't let Togep go to the end? Maybe fans, but I'm not sure parents. Then there is the theme song. I couldn't roll those eyes. The Japanese theme song was "Tankentai wo Tsukurou" and it was sung by Japanese children. It was fun and enjoyable. This one: nausea. Kireihana is now one of my short favorites. Nice music, fun to watch. It has changed for Bellossom. The music sucks against one, but besides, they were all during the Pokémon music that turned out to be nervous, annoying, and simply unnecessary. And then there is Poliwhirl who thinks he's Poliwrath. You think the boys who work with these letters would learn at least what they are. In principle, it does not save the poorly considered dub, which is very harmful given its potential. But I haven't touched that worst yet. <br /> <br /> You think the warning signs would be obvious to me when I got a question from Nintendo Power. For some pointless reason, I had believed in 4Kids and WB. My thoughts were "well, they twisted to the first movie, but the other theme is different, so they should work well." With that in mind, I just didn't pay attention to the warning signs I encountered in theaters when the trailers said, "You believe one person can do everything." Just as they said, I was hoping at every step that it wasn't a moral festival, as MSB did at the end of the English version. Then comes Nintendo Power, where I can see all my fears realized with the words "one main feature". Then I became a little calmer. "One Power?" Not a good sign. However, I still kept my wrong faith. Big mistake. <br /> <br /> While sitting in the theater, I literally looked at the stomach of the stomach, watching the second movie I loved in Japanese, becoming full and perfect junk. I hear the comments saying that it was better because morality was finer. I see this point because they did not dare to repeat this thing, repeating it again and again like MSB. But it did more harm than anything else in this movie. First of all, the whole legend has changed a bit to read: "The world is becoming Ash." Ah hah. So, Ash is chosen? What ever. In the Japanese version, Arshia residents needed a Pokémon coach to carry out their traditional ceremony. This time he's chosen. The greater way that it damaged Lugia. Lugia was one of the coolest characters in the Pokémon movie. It has forced Lugia to take back Ash. In the scene where they fly back to the main island, they discuss the conditions of existence of Lugia and Ash Lugia, not that Ash is going to make all the difference. In general, in this category, Ash was not really a "one person" that would have changed because he was helped by many along the way. <br /> <br /> Many other things are kind of funny. The Furura flute song was almost as sweet and enjoyable as the Japanese. Jirarudan's call to them, saying that his collection started with a Mew card? Ugh. Worse still, Misty's resentment was originally related to how Moltres and Zapdos were held. "Why didn't you put them in Pokeballs when you caught them? It's like putting them in a placement." It is a lot different from how I thought that Pokémon were things to be collected like temples. They're some pretty funny things from the team Rocket. ”Actually, I don't want to laugh out loud, but more to grab me and relieve stomach pain Well, that was officially the last American Pokémon movie I can see. I'd rather not see the destruction of the other Japanese movie in the same way as the first two, I will also import the fourth, Forget the kids WB and the 4Kid.
