OK, so I hear about this new movie by Justin Timberlake, which has some pretty big names. I mean big actors like The Freeman or Morgan Freeman, but this movie is completely gone. Then we got Kevin Spacey, who has been a great fan of American beauty and traditional suspects. Both big actors are likely to have written the film, thinking it is a great movie, as I heard it. Then enter Justin Timberlake with a fresh face. I'm saying fresh eyes because it's her first film and these rotten tomatoes haven't hit her yet. Well, the reason I can add is that no one can see this movie or even read it. The movie is so terrible that when I got into the first 15 minutes. The characters were so one-dimensional that it put some Bible characters like Don Corleone. They got one liner and the sound bites stuff. Wet, restless black boy (LL COOL J) who is with an excellent woman he wouldn't otherwise be in real life. The captain is this short guy who talks in such a high tone. And what a crappy movie would be complete without the hero becoming richer by experience. Oh and a lot of gun fire, I mean a lot. SPOILER (NO !!!) This kind of weapon came, leaving everyone in the police forces who are curved dead and a hero. They got flame barriers and rocket launchers, not really joking. <br /> <br /> The bottom line, if you want to see Edison because you are a big fan of one actor or Justin Timberlake's big fan, all 13-year-old girls are there! I wish I had more hands, because then I would have more thumbs, because this movie is so terrible, because then I can give so many thumbs that thumbs do not mean anything anymore, because this movie is so terrible it is so terrible because it sucks so badly that it made me laugh at the attack because it just doesn't stop because burning and screaming just happened. <br /> <br /> G * D IS MERCY US ALL and save us from these terrible movies. Well this could be the worst, another RNB terrible actor turned the singer turned to a terrible actor on usher, hehe check in mix lol, or even get rich or dying trying. Now it is a special thing for this movie that its 30-year-olds played 16 or even younger teens. I could go with them.
