Hollywood's erroneous obsession with the aftermath has caused more mistakes than hits. For every "Godfather II" there are dozens of "More American Graffiti's", "Stayin 'Alives" and "Grease 2's". Although the original "Grease" is not a great movie, then in 1977. The long-lasting Broadway hit adaptation is the 1960s songs, energetic choreography and tempting cast. When Paramount started working with follow-up, the manufacturers came up with almost all the aspects that blocked the original. <br /> <br /> For gamers, Michelle Pfeiffer managed to survive this experience and probably learned to sign contracts before the scripts. His talent and beauty were already evident here, and Pfeiffer seems to be embarrassed by the humiliating dance routines and inadvertent songs he is forced to perform. Maxwell Caulfield does not even have the skill to express embarrassment and his emotions begin to play dull catatonic. What romantic interest, apart from hormones, can be in Caulfield, a dying sassy Pfeiffer? This dull mystery remains for a long time after the ridiculous luau finale worsens in memory. Only veterans such as Eve Arden, Connie Stevens and Sid Caesar have all the spirit of fire, although Lorna Luft rises slightly above the flat material. <br /> <br /> The appraisers have complained about it because "Grease 2" is always compared to the original, the lack of a movie appears. But even a film taken under its own terms is a clunker. After the frenetic opening number, which apparently exhausted the whole cast, the energy is scattered. With a few exceptions, the original songs are little like the early 1960s, and the only nostalgia that was called is "Our Miss Brooks" and "Sid the Caesar Comedy Hour". The jokes are falling off and the choreography choreographer Patricia Birch's clumsy clumsiness. However, worse films for the audience and inert queues are made as long as manufacturers try to switch milk quickly from blockers. Unfortunately, "Grease 2" is not accidentally funny. Instead, the film keeps the viewer's attention as a bad train wreck. Just when all the bodies are restored, the next scene will go even worse for a carnage.
