After a terrible attack, it was likely that Seagal would only be able to fly with Fury. Attack Force comes to gripping violence. Fury's flight is a general noticeable improvement, but still a great mindset, mediocre. Medium is seemingly Seagall's achievement these days, a sad overview of his film career decline. Where Attack Force was building lines that drastically changed from concept, filming, post-production, Flight of Fury keeps the land line easier. Someone steals a high-tech theft fighter who is going to use it to fire a chemical weapon (which we later discover, oddly, destroys the world after 48 hours). Seagal must get the plane back. It is so simple, not annoying sub-plots and conspiracies that weigh the film, like too many of his recent works. It's not sudden to say that storytelling is good, though it's pretty bad. The introduction of symbols is a bad example. <br /> <br /> FOF is bad in the movie. All involved are poor and Seagal looks almost tears. He has just seen a toddler who is forced to perform school education against his will, and this is how he works with a constant grimace and air. Can we blame Seagal if the material is so ambitious and rough? Not quite. This is the last film of his multiple picture transaction at Castel Studio. Manufacturers can't be bothered to do anything good by allowing a budget of 12 or so million dollars, and (after Seagals' mandatory 5 million) this nice hefty piece is likely to cost itself (if the movie was made for the remaining 7 million), I'm Elvis Pressley !). So why should Seagal strive for a movie that has already been shared before. The fan may claim, at least, their effort. He looks seriously caught and its further reference is the continued use of stand-ins and dub-overs. Michael Keusch manages somewhat efficiency, while cinematography is quite good, but in all technical areas (and like the standard Castel, the standard stunt team) is nothing more than mediocre and nothing that would help the film to rise above this material and a boring leading man. Again, there are some activities that focus on other characters than Seagal, which really doesn't want to see. <br /> <br /> Generally, this action is not too bad. It's nice and violent and sometimes treats some vintage opponents at Seagal, but nothing special. Partly due to the poor stunt team and lack of time for the movie something too complicated or exciting. Shadow Man was a more enjoyable film for me because, ignoring the inconsistent, dragged, plot line, there were more vintage sea moments and more in the middle of the stage. During the film he never disappeared for a long time. Seagal disappears at one stage of the action here and appears again, with little explanation. There are many too many footage used. Using inventory techniques is not a terrible thing, but its use as a carrot is. We are being treated all the time for numerous naval vessels that are irritating. The continuity of the plus games is all over the place (just check in the background, chopping and changing). <br /> <br /> The film is just in the middle of the road. She says all that movies are the best scene that is a totally unnecessary and free girl for a girl with two hot chicks. Seagal even for too short a time! All in all, it can be one of the best filmmakers, but it doesn't speak at all. It likes many fans, but they should keep in mind that Seagal itself would probably forget about its existence. **
