Steven Seagal, Mr. Personality Himself, is the United States' largest Stealth Pilot this time, who is allowed to pardon the army (.. who tried to wipe his memory at the beginning of the movie, for which he fled, breaking off the robbery in a gas station at the shootout) when he can successfully penetrate the North -Afghanistan Terrorist Base, hosted by a group called Black Sunday, who has led the Air Force's cunning fighter thanks to an American traitor. Together with the co-pilot who admired the scammer Jannick (Mark Bazeley), John Sands (Seagal) rides to the enemy territory with the help of his Arab lover, Jessica (Ciera Payton) and freedom fighter Rojar (Alki David). they are on earth. Jannicki is abducted by black Sunday leaders, Stone (Vincenzo Nicoli) and his female defendant Eliana (Katie Jones), and Sands needs to find out how to take not only the kidnapped cunning fighter, but also to save her. And maybe, Sands gets the revenge he taught, rather (Steve Toussaint). Sands has 72 hours until the Navy pilots bomb the entire area. On a hidden board, Black Sunday was equipped with a biochemical bomb, hoping to break it down in the United States. <br /> <br /> Seagal will be able to shoot Afghanistan if he does not cut his throat slices. The film is mainly machine guns and dead bodies. The setting in Afghanistan does not have to adhere to the check (nor to how easy Seagal and co. Can't move such an area so easily without detection) and the plot itself does not write home. The movie is edited quickly, the camera is a bit too blunt. Seagal is not as active a hero as he once was, and his action scenes are tightly edited, where we find it difficult to see enemies being removed, unlike the old times. One of Seagull's poorest efforts and he is as low as ever (.. not compliment). Even more disappointing is the fact that Seagal never fights to fight against the film's main villains, it is a shame. She doesn't even see the wrist or burst the neck in any visible way (.. we see that some tools come up a bit, but it's not as clear as I like because filmmakers have both fast editing and dazzling close-ups).
