Fury's flight begins with General Tom Barnes (Angus MacInnes) organizes an informal pilot flight from the X-77, a new embedded fighter plane that can literally become invisible. General Barnes gives his top pilot Colonel Ratcher (Steve Toussaint) a job and everything goes well until X-77 disappears, even more literally than Barnes wanted Ratcher to fly to northern Afghanistan and give it to a terrorist group known as Black Sunday led by Peter Stone (Vincenzo Nicoli), who plans to use X-77 to fly US airspace, undiscovering and dropping some bombs that kill many people. General Barnes is concerned about the disappearance of his planes and sends one man's army to John Sands (co-author and CEO Steven Seagal) to get it back and kill all the bad guys in the process ... <br /> <br /> This American, British and Romanian co-production staged by Michael Keusch and was the third film in which he led Seagale for the same terrible Shadow Man (2006) & Attack Force (2007), luckily someone decided that the partnership was not working and the unsuspecting public has fortunately saved further cooperation between the two . Obviously, Fury's flight is almost a word-to-word-around version of the scene scene, Black Thunder (1988), starring Michael Dudikoff, who has the same characters, even with the same name, so that the exact same dialogue could be used without the creator things like names, although I have to admit that I've never seen Black Thunder and therefore can't compare the two. Fury's flight is a terrible film, a badly made and written waste of time that Seagal specializes in these days. It's boring, though it's not so slow, the character is bad, it's full of clichés, things happen randomly, the plot is bad, event justification doesn't exist at all, and it's a very lazy production in general because it never saw a viewer they are close to Afghanistan or follow proper military procedures. The action scenes are flat & there is no real excitement in this, the villains are bored as being heroes and it is right there in the worst Seagal made. <br /> <br /> Fury's flight seems to be largely equipped with footage that doesn't even fit, the background may change, people's clothing will change, the area will change, the sky and the quality of movies will change very sharply because it's too clear that we watch clips from others (better) movies that are put together. Hell, Seagal never gets near the plane. Action scenes consist of so badly edited shots that it is difficult to tell who is who and, of course, Seagal is blasting people's weapons. The whole production feels very cheap and dirty. <br /> <br /> IMDb thinks its budget was about $ 12,000,000, which I think is all garbage, I mean, if so, where did all the money go? Although it is in Afghanistan, which has been torn by the war in a dry desert, Fury sees the vision that it was filmed in my local forest, shot in Romania and is not convincing in the country of Romania. Action is terrible when one could expect, and Seagal looks duplicated again. <br /> <br /> Fury flight is a terrible action movie that is boring, amateur, and is almost a new film on the scene. Another really lazy and poorly produced action diary from Seagal, why am I still struggling?
