It has been said that "the city on the mountain cannot hide itself" and Virginia City, Nevada, Mt. Taces west of 6200 feet Davidson is the best example or film context. Virginia City exploded in an American dream with gold and silver shower, suspiciously in the same year that the civil war began. It was the birthplace of the American Dean; it was a place where a young reporter named Samuel Clemens started to use the name "Mark Twain" and became America's most famous writer. It was also the property of the great Hearst and John Mackay's launching ground, the world's richest man, the world's third wealthiest man. Hey, they should have made her a movie! In the 1860s, Virginia CIty was the home of a large number of metropolitan cities, one of the largest metropolitan areas in the city. West of Louis and East of San Francisco. But Virginia City (movie) is all over and there is more hogwash between the North / South duello, which is characterized by Errol Flynn and Randolph Scott. Flynn is Captain Kerry Bradford, an officer of the Union, a violence in a concentration camp led by Commander of the Confederation, Captain Vance Irby, played by Scott. These two are always the way of each other. Bradford flees and then tries to stop the gold bullion that "other" besides "chewing" from the VC. . . Irby! "Hey, what's he doing here?" Terrible. Bogart plays a ridiculous Mexican bandit who can't decide who is on his side. Miriam Hopkins plays "Julia Hayne", which is obviously the city's first woman Julia Bulette, who in real life stands for a marked prostitute. He goes to Washington and honestly tells Abe that he will save BRADFORD (not Irby) from hanging and blah blah blah. Get your finger off. They should hang the writer. In "Real Life" Twain reports that on the last day of the war, the sunny sun caused the American flag Mt. Davidson seems to be confusing for the people to be a strangely fire-like film. Three days later, they discovered that South had won south that day. One interesting feature of the film is how Alek Hale and Guin Williams drag their pistols forward as they shoot, as they fish or try to go faster. Not a bad idea for a movie. Throughout the film, the same type of horse is melted over the juice and corn. Gosh, how they could leave the gold madness, the dirty riches, the arms battles in the silver mines, out of Mark Twain and beat after the showdown, the curved railroads, the opera house fire, Artemis Ward, the big funeral of Bulette, Chinese pliers, black salons, auction. . ? All this on a high desert hill? The truth was unreal. Did his fabulous wealth place a great American Holocaust? Well, if you read this movie, it wouldn't be the first hit out of Virginia. This is a disappointment for the fans of Virginia City, because it does not let what made the city a "city of illusions" saying that evil is stopping out of the ground. . . Okay, except that it's a fun movie. Flynn and the gang are always great, no matter what history they destroy. If Flynn just played his rotten self, then double my rating.
