Wider eye, hysterical hyper-joy of the 50s, giving new meaning to antisocial, pathological behavior. Danza and Grayson leave you praying for mercy. <br /> <br /> It's a shame that all the people involved in making this movie are now dead (or in nursing homes). I thought I was trying to torture them. Since this film began to release its shamelessly aggressive operative attack on its poor, unprotected ear-drums, I immediately felt a strong pain covering my whole life. This devil's muscular vibrato can crush the Soviet tanks into small bits of nevermindle. "Why didn't you change the channel if you didn't like it?" A fair point, a fair point ... The answer is that I wanted to, but the pain was so sudden and embarrassing that I fell on the floor in torture. With the energy of my last ounce, I tried to get a long way, but I couldn't. <br /> <br /> Niven discovers a foolish little fisherman with a questionable talent with the voice of singing opera, who then continues to "pigmentize" him. Lanza is in love with the asymmetric Grayson, but he treats her with predictability with contempt until they finally grasp. It may seem like a pretty thin plot, but this noisy movie is so full of songs and music that there's no dialogue at all. This movie is RELENTLESS. Forget the torture of hippies and prisoners of war with Slayer 'Reign In Blood (as in the South Park episode). Any little conversation among stupid adults that infect this strange 50th musical world is all infantile - as if they were all 6-year-old adults. I can only envy people who find such movies as funny. It must be great to be pleasant: what a wonderful world would open to me if I could enjoy a cozy foolish gag like fun, intestinal comedy. <br /> <br /> Let's look at this phenomenon, the 50's music. My best guess is that the 50-year-old musicals offered us more dreaming idealistic views of Utopia or Heaven (depending on whether you are a church or Lenin tomb) or at least a very fun version of these fantasy-inspired places. TTONO is similar to hell representation, but it's just me. I don't seem to get musicals. People speak, there is a story - but then all of us suddenly start to sing about 4 minutes, after which they suddenly calm down and pretended to be something unusual! When you think about it, musicals are strangers than any scientific literary films. Opera is the proof that the voice overclocking is such that it becomes a piercing weapon rather than a listener's joy. The most obvious example of this is when Lanza and Grayson combine their Dark Side vocal forces into a truly unbearable duet. I tried to reduce the volume. I lowered it from 18 to 14. Then from 14 to 10. Then I finished it for 1, which is usually so low that it is only heard by specially trained dogs and certain types of decoy, and yet I STILL heard these two scares like asses! Danza starts with one of her deaf, brain-killing stories and then ... nothing. No animals to see. Even crocodiles, who are mostly deaf, are all left. If you look carefully, you can even see that the tree turns green to yellow in a few minutes. No, it was not a continuity error, it was a normal vegetation torture. And these trees were just matte paintings! Imagine how real trees would react. <br /> <br /> The reason why glass breaks when C is elevated from an operative screamer overweight is not due to any wave and frequency-related physics law, but because glass is the only person so spontaneously self-inflicted before committing suicide because only take so much pain. I can listen to a harder and less friendly death metal band for hours, but I only give me one minute of soprano and I have a cracking headache.
