Absolutely ridiculous. If you know something about poker, you will find it totally terrible, but also fun because it is so helpless. The joke that made this movie is obviously very religious and knows a little poker game, but I doubt it has ever played over 3-6. (I think he doesn't know anything about golf.) Where to start. I've seen better productions in the film class "Intro to Film" that I took in the film year. Observers of this film are Queen Momma, Scotty Nguyen and the loser who will never win poker. Everyone else is as wood as they come, like bad porn movies. <br /> <br /> Spoiler * The man with whom the movie starts is the only reason why the movie came. He's a railer who doesn't play poker and never has a dialogue, but the actor is the man who probably paid for the movie. I can't think of a more meaningful waste of money if that person peeled off that pointless production. It is appropriate that he played such a useless role. <br /> <br /> There are very few poker in this movie. Most of the time is spent on useless sidewalls whose plots have not been solved to any degree. Queen Mom is a stunning scene where she throws her losing boy through the window and tries to shoot his brains. The unnamed Arabs from the community house also give great performances when they discuss whether to win or kill an older lady who robs them. Their subtle performances are just a highlight of the movie. It makes you wonder why they bothered to play all these white people. <br /> <br /> Finally, complete nonsense. The outer space plan 9 is slightly more coherent. If you play poker, though, you might laugh. Even if you are a Christian, you can enjoy some heavy-handed religious conversation, such as pepper, like a pointless pepper. I hate movies made by religious people. Especially those who think they know something about things they don't know. It's sad that Jennifer Harman and Scotty Nguyen participated in this traverse because I can't help but think less. They have to be Johnny Chani's envy for entering Rounders.
