Allows you to enter the world of this movie in a matter of seconds so you can better understand the type of movie we are dealing with here. <br /> <br /> Edison is one of those really stupid movies with a bad boy and his gons. 50,000 bullets were fired behind the good boys behind the walls and pillars, shouting to them and then finally to the good men face to face and instead of killing him ... So much grief .... instead of just walking and POP! ..... What are you doing? Bad guy ..... he's talking to him. He grabs a good man and talks to him, keeping his gun. They have nothing to talk about! SHOOT HIM! NOTICE! But he'll talk to him anyway. Oh the other thing. Finally, the newspaper PULITZER PRIZE WINNER STORY RIGHT HERE or something right on the front of the paper, if it is printed for the first time. So how did anyone quickly win it at Pulitzer? Yeah, you know this kind of stupid movies? Yes, it's Edison's brief summary. <br /> <br /> You get Mr. Morgan Freeman and crappy eyes, the tough Kevin Spacey, both of whom are fully telephoning their missions, LL Cool J, who literally strikes every movie for a moment, makes a proposal to his girlfriend in all places fucking nightclub and who is the last line of "Duck" something like a deadly gun movie that was never done ... and Justin Timberlake shook and struck nonsense every time he talks, a little stripping bastard The only bright spot was crazy Dylan McDermott, who made his own the best "Denzel training day" impression that was quite fun. <br /> <br /> Yes, so is this movie? Uh, something about scandals related to the city of Edison's fancy special department police force called "FRAT (I swear I won't do the stuff) that was supposed to be the obvious play of SWAT. Any little journalist super singer boy Justin Timberflake smells like attacking after murder, related to FRAT's two secret police, and he is yelling, looking for a story, gaining his boss (Freeman) confidence along the way, while they both say something even bigger and more sinister than what they both thought. like the original pelican short, corresponding to the semi-training day. The stimulation was slow and off, the script was terrible and the actor was extremely uninspired. Everyone in this movie just didn't think. The fuck, which is a stupid movie, it's harder to write a review because the movie left my brain at the other end ... Don't lie basically, d DO NOT waste your time!
