Soldier Blue is a film with complaints: complaints are a deep statement of human inhumanity to man, exploitation of a white person and brutality of indigenous people; biting, steadfast and sardonic commentary on the horrors of Vietnam. Well, sorry, but it is not unfortunate of any of these things. What Soldier Blue really is is harmful, tritiated, poorly made, dishonest garbage. <br /> <br /> The other reviewer here hit the nail in his head, saying it appears to be a hybrid of two completely different films. Basically, this flat, cliched, bad-acting "strange couple" romance - Strauss and Bergen cross their prejudices against another lifestyle and fall in love (ah, blessing) - two sick massacres that wouldn't have been a place in Lucio Fulci's squirt. <br /> <br /> There are no excuses for a repulsive, uneven, gore-drenched climax, where little American children are loved, sliced, sliced ​​and loved, and graphic close-ups and large female American women are broken, raped and put together - no excuse that is, except for the box. (Self-service, though it is scary in its wrong place, is very badly staged and shot; a number of actors surrounded by bright red color, mixed with some special effects sequences, eavesdropping / breaking - breakages, by the way, this is what I call. " <br /> <br /> Forget about all the priests you hear (including the ridiculous comments that start and end the movie) that this is a "protest", an accusation of American crimes against local nations. it would have been that some innate American characters might have appeared, it would have made us feel and take care of the nameless, seemingly innocent killers who are killed at the peak. Instead, we have the romantic white bread of Bergen and Strauss (the weak actors at least that ), with plenty of blood, intestines and crushed heads that are attracted to entertainment. what has to be done about the Sand Creek massacre, all of the actual killing of the US (and Britain and all the so-called civilized countries) has been involved over the centuries (Iraq?). it's just not the movie.
