They have to give this plot a visual look to all the filmmakers arriving at the Hollywood Bus Station. They then fill the blanks and put their story in any city or city ghetto they just came from. You know exactly what this film is about, from the beginning image, to the four young boys who are playing the terrible slow motion, accompanied by voice. The next stop after the bus station has to be to buy four young boys who are playing a terrible slow motion. Once they are bred, it is easy to write among the four writer / director. She is a quiet, contemplative, long-haired, never seen without her books. This means that her excellent writing ability is her ticket from Hickville to Hollywood. Not just writing or talent here. And if you still can't figure out what it is, here's a hint: the author and his character have the same middle name. It took over an hour to find out that these twenty were still in high school. It seems that the prison was probably a high school, the caregiver turned out to be the principal. Once again, the poor, misguided rebels can nail each film on the sidewalk, murder and looting, but are incapable of resisting their alcoholic father. How do you hit back, boy, like you all others? Numerous fencing scenes with no apparent goal. Dirty Bad Dialogue. Many scenes are badly focused. Classic characters are kept by some players and extras, drawing inadvertently to laugh at the premiere of the audience. Extreme crossing. And if you don't get quite important calls or slow-motion scenes, just listen to terrifying music. It hints at you and what you feel. Poor Marisa Ryan has to hang around for many frequent flights when she is traveling across the country, acting in these amateur regional films. The biggest sin is that the audience must feel compassion for the children who are firing old ladies, running over puppies linked to trees, robbing and stealing, while complaining about their sad, regrettable lives. But if we could get out of this city and go to college. Yes, it's a ticket. Why is it that every twenty filmmaker believes his life is so important, so interesting that the world can't wait to see it on the screen? If this film is as autobiographical as it seems, the auteur should look better on his shoulders, with police officers with warranted guarantees.
