When Sam Peckinpah's Overclocking WILD BUNCH (1969) opened the door to the terrible displays of graphic cinematographic ultra-violence, he did it with a talented (as whiskey-picked) hand that drew the camera and had a tangible story with real depth characters, but at some point was not the apartment has many imitators far from the target set by the Peckinpah epic, and SOLDIER BLUE is definitely in this category. <br /> <br /> SOLDIER BLEW, er, BLUE speaks of an unpleasant story - New Yorker Cresta Lee (Candice Bergen), a blonde proto-hippie chick who has been "saved" from two years of "imprisonment" between Cheyenne and is now being sent fort where he is reunited only with his groom wants to marry his money. The wagon he is traveling to is also a government gold carriage, cash that must be bought by Cheyenne so that in short order soldiers are killed and Cresta escapes to the mountains, with Honus Gant (Peter Strauss), a lone surviving cavalry. Calling Ganti Snarky's nickname "Soldier Blue", Cresta indicates that her years of "wildlife" were a well-spent time crossing Gant's survival skills, common sense and thin balls, and their journey toward the fortress, they must survive against elements of hostile Kiowa band, reckless trader? Donald Pleasance played his most ridiculous performance here and says something? and in the traditions of many previous Western romantic comedies with each other. <br /> <br /> During your contradictions, are two opposites inevitable? and predictably? entice each other and eventually get it? while Gant has a freshly processed bullet wound that went through his leg, not less? what was definitely the only comfortable cave within a radius of at least twelve miles that wasn't filled with rattlesnakes, mountain cliffs, or who didn't know what Cheyenne would have done with this primo (there I go, thinking again) NYC real estate conditions). Realizing that their love will never flourish out of the caves, Cresta Gant leaves and makes it to the fort only to discover that the responsible moor does not save a few men to rescue Gant; The regiment needs all the staff available to launch an attack on nearby Cheyenne village, and when Cresta gets the wind, it slips into a horny-to-go bypass and goes straight to Cheyenne to warn those who are coming. <br /> <br /> What happens next is what the film got infamous; it turns out that all the unpleasant malformations and looting were all just the beginning of the 1864 Sand Creek massacre, rape, torture and general orthodox evil committed for "keeping the country clean". and almost forty years after its release, this order still disturbs cruelty and nausea. Children are kidnapped under the nails of the loading horses or caught in the bayonets, unarmed people are pushed down? nice effect, i have to admit? have women been kidnapped and forced by gangs of ravenous rivers, then raped and violated? in one really worse situation does a naked mother put too much struggle on her, so that her rapist decides to cut her breasts, which we are lucky enough to see before the camera moves to another scary act? and the scores of innocent people are beaten and split, their composed parts gripping the pike and casting victory or holding the souvenirs so strange. No joke, this scene instantly collects the NC-17 rating if it is released today, saying something that could encourage Native American interest groups to attack the streets in an incredibly exploitable way, where atrocities are depicted. /> I am in favor of Westerners who do not reject an honest image of how the West was defeated, or of theft when the truth is said, but this film has no idea what kind of film he wants to be; one minute is a heavy-handed pseudo-hippie lecture on how the treatment of indigenous peoples took place completely (well, DUH!), it is a struggle for the sexes where Cresta proves five times when a man Gant is and manages to watch his delicious red Kalikoobot (without panties) gets hot, but everything goes out of the window when Donald Pleasance appears inadvertently (?) from a fun-toothed tooth prosthesis and our heroes have to figure out how to escape from their murderous clutches in a subset that goes somewhere that culminates with the apocalyptic climax mentioned above. One of these fabrics would have been a decent film, but the end result is a slapdash confusion that milked all the horrors of the last ten minutes, worthy of film promotion and poster design. <br /> <br /> But if you try to be all the audience, then SOLDIER BLUE will come to the assumed political correctness of inconsistent, preaching Mulligan grave, but if they intend to talk about the story of Creek Massacre, wouldn't it be a good idea for the Indian characters who were more than just a sidewalk with Murphy Brown, who acted as his mouthpiece? We know nothing about people who wiped out just what seems to be a crass ploy to attract gorehound moviegoers to see "the most wild film in history." If you, like me, were interested in provocative ads and reviews that the shower almost endlessly praised for having his "courage to say it was," take my word and let SOLDIER BLUE slowly disappear into kinematic uncertainty.
