Although I had no idea of ​​what to expect from this film, it is not like hell I would not have remembered. When I heard about it, I knew I had to have a movie called "Don't eat children." Unfortunately, I could only find a copy of the signed title, Island Fury, under. Looking back, I think I could call it a loser. On the one hand, I can still not know who owns the movie "Don't Eat Children", and on the other hand, Iceland Fury would finally show a terrible, pointless, boring trash. Yes, I will definitely lose the loss. <br /> <br /> I am not even sure what genre they are attending here. Just a bad start in the early 1980s, with a setback that can actually be longer than a setback. First, two teenage girls are riding by two bad boys when they are caught, bad guys pointing out that one of the girls is on a coin, around her neck, and somehow these bad guys know a lot more about these coins on the hidden island somewhere. And this is where things start to be strange, but they know somehow that girls took some islands a few years ago when they were only 10. If I think it should mean that girls should know exactly where this alleged treasure is . So, now, we are in the past, while girls try to look back their steps so these bad guys don't kill them, though I don't want them to have them. When returning, their 10-year-old colleagues with their siblings and their girlfriends are on a boat ride, eventually ending up in the air of the island, mixing with some of the children and the grandparents of his killer. Any possible differences or reasons for looking at the look never appear, but the setback was undoubtedly better than the current one, which still doesn't speak much. The original story, At one point, I thought the director was too, and when the setback ended, it would be the end that would have worked for me, because it would have been half an hour shorter. This pointless movie in the meaningless movie ends up and the real thing happens but it is stupid. I think I didn't expect a full movie or anything like that for babies, but I was expecting some sort of extreme B-entertainment, mostly a confusing, intuitive story that's not sure about my genre. My advice would be to look for something of value that is like the beast's animal attack. If anyone would want to recommend it only to serious B-film collectors who need to have all of them, there is likely to be a brain injury to anyone interested. What really gets to me is that I have no idea why they called it. Don't eat children. 3/10
