If the book's film seems to be pointless and incomprehensible, this reason can always be found in the book: whether it was pointless to start, or the point that cannot simply be passed on to the film, or if the film missed that point, which is most often the result and the easiest happen, especially if the point is not easily identifiable. Morvern Callar is the point; every reader of the book must have known it and felt as if it had received it; but I suspect that most of them could not say it in words. I'm not sure I can, myself, but maybe it will come, or something like: Things are coming, things are going, this is life, but we will continue; or in any case some of us - like Morvern - people. There is no doubt that a more erudite critic could create a more relevant definition. However, it is important that there is an idea - perhaps the whole story - and that it would have been the main thing to keep in mind and to convey to adjust the story to the film. The filmmaker obviously missed this point and did not replace one; so the movie is nothing. <br /> <br /> This is not a usual complaint about a book-lover that his favorite text has been corrupted. The decoration of this book is something that I was able to admit: when I read it, I found this bloody inconvenience and the chance to hit the author's pants and get him to finish the job. The narrative should be the work of the half-educated Morver, but the illusion is continually scattered by a dozen different literary effects, as if the author had slipped with his pen; there are contradictions between style and tone, as if different parts were made at different times; and all the conclusions I reached on Morver were to remain preliminary, as I was not sure what the author's intended consequences were and what he did not do: for example, despite Morvern himself characterizing himself as a kidnapper; he is essentially a training class girl and music downloads that are not so different from generations past? In any case, despite the author's excitement, I could not deny that his book was stuck with me; and what I couldn't get out of my head was his character attitude, his angle in the world, which was almost as lively as Goya's portrait. Morvern is a person who always faces situations, rather comic and rather terrible; sometimes he calls them, but more often he lands on him, like flies, so much of his life is made up of a certain fashion but graceful slip, unconsciously practical and subconsciously philosophical - and it does not begin to describe it spontaneously enough. The Incident Complex and Morvern's responses to them are the content of the book and its achievement, with the existence of a cross-section, would be difficult to enlighten otherwise; I can't see it all against my book. <br /> <br /> Morvern, which has just been described, is not a Morvern movie; or if it is, most of it is kept in the screen. An actor who might have been suitable for the character would be on time at the right time in Angharad Rees, the old TV series "Poldark". Samantha Morton then seems like a good casting: she's an actor of the same kind, and in one of her earlier films, "The Son of Jesus", she played a girl who could have made it one of the adjustments. Unfortunately, as the movie turned out, it doesn't have to play the character of the book. First of all, this book is such that if it is dramatized, the main character will cry out to the monologue audience; without his remarks, from his point of view, from the voice, the story loses its meaning. It has lost more because the adapter has turned it off from its comic and terrible elements: the most memorable incidents in the book have been limited before they turn, and so Morvern's answers (regardless of entertainment or amusement) are missing and the incidents no longer have a story. In short, for some reason, the filmmaker chose a lively, nervous serio-comic novel as a funny art television and chose one of Morton's typical images as an artistic shadow of melancholy; as if Morver's crossings had been a cross. It is not at all what the book or the Morvern book was. Another thing that the Morvern movie is not Scottish (the actor said in an interview that he didn't have time to study the accent), and he should be: it's important that he, his family and his associates are all in one place. Finally, there is no story about the movie: Morvern has everything he has and comes home to the darkness: in winter, the oak is frozen, power is gone and the pub is dark. Minus this and minus all the rest that is left is a failed art film, a dead film about a substance whose strength lies in his refusal or local inability to ever die.
