This exhibition is a great example of how the CBC should adhere to the comedy of news, sports or satirical sketches. As a comedy developer of the situation, the CBC has shown that it is able to combine the "Kensington King" pizazz "The Beachcombers" stomach. It is embarrassing for big exhibitions like "Children in the Hall" and "Second City" that they have to share their comics with the production of this lame. <br /> <br /> I have to admit that I wasn't going to give it a lot of opportunity as soon as I first heard about this concept. First, half of the concept is a direct attempt to hang one of the few advances in sitcom in English-Canadian history "Corner Gas". The rest of the concept - the cultural clash - is far from original and is too often used to write a racket of laziness. Choosing a Muslim religion to denote "fish outflow" seems to be a desperate attempt to be "nervous" and "topical", but comes out as forced. Some jokes based on the local response to newcomers are stigmatizing and insulting the intelligence of all parties, especially the public. <br /> <br /> This exhibition is a great example of how the CBC just can't "get it" when it comes to creating Canadian content, especially when you play in a multicultural environment in Canada. Canada's cultural diversity does not have to be presented so hard and forcibly. It would be a refreshing change to see that the CBC introduces diversity to television programs without showing everything from this diversity. I doubt the CBC has enough sitcom talents to pull something so fine. You could compare the comparison shown in the corner gas - i.e. Indigenous peoples are not separated from their ethnic origin, nor are their legacy features to create natural features. Their more realistic lives and other characters are intertwined in a way that makes ethnicity more important than any other personal attribute. water comedy this show fails. The action is weak, the comic pace on the whole map and the story I saw were too far from stopping beliefs, even for comedy. The only sustainable arm is the talented Derek McGrath, who is terribly wasted here. I doubt that even adding guest stars (such as Colin Mochrie, like the Anglican Archbishop) can save this dog. I decided to give the exhibition a chance when the CBC 'hype' was dead; only two episodes were all I could stand for - I could almost feel my braincells closed every failed punchline. The slot can better serve more Coronation Street, Air Farce restarts, or dr. Even an infomarker would be a fix.
