We all know that some of the biggest films of some time were based on books. Although these films were not particularly accurate, these films were still excellent films. Some great examples are the Harry Potter series, Lord of the Rings trilogy, and to a lesser extent, almost every Disney movie ever made. At the same time, I have to regret to say that A's wrinkle is not one of those films. Not only does it meet some of the basic expectations of the Madeleine L'Engle fan base, but it succeeds in defining the standards of script writing, operation, special effects and ultimately audience respect. Remember, I don't want to be average; on the contrary, I went to this thing openly. I thought it was T.V. the film would replace the absence of this script. After all, the Star Wars spin-off Ewoks was decent as a bit silly. Come to think of the original Star Wars made for a "lunch money budget" and see where he took George Lucas! But from the first scene, disappointment began to surround me as if I was too close to the black thing during compulsion. Likewise, the first shooting of the Gray was a special edition of the 1997 Star Wars Special Edition (a disaster of monumental proportions involving a dissatisfied director who made many dirty changes with the beloved classic), Madam Whatsit is officially becoming my personal symbol of confusion and stupidity that is wrinkled over time . The reason for this is that he has mutated unbelievably. In addition to the somewhat controversial decision that Alfre Woodard (Star Trek: First Contact and Radio) is our favorite star-turned mentor, the filmmakers decided that it was appropriate to introduce him as a crowd. That's right, crow. Moreover, the heavenly centural form of this very beloved character has hacked eighty-year-old; The majestic half-hero, a half-horse with wings, has become immense for a man who is terribly ridiculed with a horse's bow body. If I were five, it would be psychologically traumatized for me. The worst part is that, when he spoke, it showed from behind to avoid responsibility for lips synchronization, which resulted in looking behind his head and saw one, immobile cheek, thus changing special effects that are less believable than EN <br /> /> Having lost the most painful part of the road, I have to go to the tearfulness: characters, actress and story. Personally, I had always imagined that Meg would look somewhat similar to Moaning Myrtle in Harry Potter's films: ordinary hair, glasses and numerous supermodels would be ridiculous. He was always a somewhat appalling, humorous pessimistic genius of mathematics, who simply couldn't recognize Nicaragua's imports and exports. In the film, he has an unpleasant know-how to whom I have no compassion. In fact, he makes me bad for Mr Jenkins, his school manager, who is constantly going to deal with him. Calvin, such an intelligent child who all thinks to be a jock, has become a jockey! The irony is terrible. As for the memorable happy media, they took a pleasant old woman who wanted to look at happy things and replaced her with a creature who is "sex" and likes to look at "funny" things like girls who fall off the swings. Only three of the people I can do properly are Charles Wallace, Mrs. Whatsit and the man with red eyes (called "Dude with Red Eyes" because he is completely characteristic). <br /> <br /> The story is confusing. A good comparison with this aspect of the film is Harry Potter and the Azkaban prisoner who did not do a good job of retrieving the story in the book, but retained the original work of the book. Here's a unique conversation with Hades in the underworld, probably not knowing that his body is being destroyed. When the Dark Lord replenishes the substance of how well it proves that the truth must be felt and not seen, then Ixchel (who replaces the aunt Beast's wonderful beings) with a flat nose wookies, tears the spinal cord. When the God of the dead notes that the earth, as the fear of the Camazotz was subtle, the torn leaves are scattered in the sand column and lost in the darkness of the earth. <br /> <br /> I am very sorry that this movie exists. I don't think the actors were really bad. This is how the characters are written, which destroys it. Wrinkle in Time preciously adapted by Lawrence Kasdan, directed by George Lucas or Steven Spielberg, enhanced by Industrial Light and Magic, which was appreciated by John Williams, giving it sound at Skywalker Sound, which was edited by THX and marketed by Twentieth Century Fox. In the current state, the film is not clever enough to be shown to self-respecting people. Even Madeleine L'Engle thought it was bad. The book was good, the film was bad and Mrs Whatsit was ugly. <br /> <br /> Score: 0.1 / 10 (if I could) <br /> <br /> Pros: <br /> <br /> They got the names right. Cons: <br /> <br /> This was a terrible problem with cliffs, indicating the level of adaptation, script, action and special effects, not to mention the lack of evidence of reading the book. Oh, and the main cover / poster has a picture of the three main characters driving the castle over a flying horse. Some may say that it symbolizes a high adventure. I say it symbolizes the irresponsibility of the cover artist who didn't even bother with Photoshop Meg.
