The film opens from a traditional Japanese house with a peaceful picture, with a small roof on the side of the hill, and the screen displays the title "KUSHIATA KYOTO, JAPAN 1840". A young Japanese trainee, Samurai, named Masanor (Toshiya Maruyama), goes to the house, waiting for Otami (Mako Hattori), with whom she has a husband behind, Shugoro (Tsuiyuki Sasaki as Toshiyuki Sasaki). be a Masanor teacher. Shugoro arrives home suddenly to find his wife and student who have a very close relationship. His honor destroyed the fierce samurai who brutally murdered both Otami and Masanor before suicide. More than a century later, Ted Fletcher (Edward Albert) arrives in Japan on a working vacation with his wife Laura (Susan George) and their young daughter Amy (Amy Barrett). Their close friend Alex Curtis (Doug McClure), who works for the American consulate, helps them find a place to stay, you don't need me to come to you! He's funny saying it's going to be so cheap, because it's haunted by both Ted and Laura laughing because they probably don't believe in ghosts, at least for now. Almost immediately the film goes into cliché mode. The lighting turns on and off, Laura's feeling is inappropriate and the local Zen Monk (Henry Mitowa) gives them a dangerous warning that they will leave before it is too late, of course, they ignore. The spirits of Otami, Masanor, and Shugoro were doomed forever to remain in the walls of the house because they were assigned to Majyo Witches (Tsuyako Olajima). But there may be an opportunity for them to break the curse, unfortunately for the Fletcher family, it may cost them their marriage, their daughter, and maybe even their life. Director Kevin Connor I thought it was a pretty average movie, once you have nothing better to do, but after one or two days you probably have forgotten it completely. Nothing is very bad in memory, but on the other hand, the film is not very good either. The Robert Suhosky manuscript of James Hardiman's novel is a bit boring and strictly aside, many ghostly events happen throughout the film, but none of them are very interesting or exciting and flat characters and the direction does not help things. There are a couple of stupid sequences, such as giant plastic crabs that try to get Amy and his babysitter Noriko (Mayumi Umeda). And there is a scene where Zen Monk builds a house and ghosts are excluded that they can't come back, but until Ted just opens the door and they just walk back, some exorcism! One more thing, I think it was a bad idea for Doug McClure to be 47 when he did, try his hand against Kung-Fu and the Oriental sword! George gets his breasts a few times, including the very unusual McClure sex, even though big pains and a few bed linen that are left on them, like super glue, were taken to ensure that there was no nudity below the waist. There are no blood, gore or violence to talk about after removing a few mostly out of the screen. The "transparent" ghost effect is OK, but they don't impress many people nowadays. It has been professionally made and looks pretty nice, but the potential in the Japanese environment and myths is being destroyed, as this film could have been located in America, England, or in some Western country without changing things. OK Driving Balance.
