At the beginning of the movie, you can double-check the DVD disc and read the summary a few times, but don't worry. This is not the "Geisha Memories" you bought; just a movie whose intro is more stylish and stylish than it is right to be. Nonetheless, opening up for the whole film is the best, as it shows how in 1840 the samurai swords the adultery of his wife. He demolishes two lovers before the hara letter (a ritual suicide through the disembowelment). Cut to this day, when the American Ambassador to Japan welcomes the friendly family and leads them to the same house where the aforementioned killing took place nearly a century and a half ago. Since then, it has become seemingly routine to haunt the house, but a totally slowed and incredible script makes it somewhat exceptional. Let's start with the good aspects of Japan's original provision and the delicious presence of Susan George, my favorite British nightmare (well with Britt Eckland, Linda Hayden and Ingrid Pitt). The bad aspects simply include that the scenario is inconsistent, repaired insecure, and full of supposedly annoying twists that only cause laughter. The house's troubled spirits will soon entertain the new tenants' bodies by forcing them to do and say all kinds of crazy things. The mind of a massive adulterous woman enjoys the shift to Susan's catchy harvest and makes her a poor seductress! In this "possessed" country, he even attracts the ambassador of America outside to have sex at a high-end dining garden full of well-known guests. So, strictly speaking, it's not really "evil" that lives in the house; just a trio of foolish ghosts with dirty minds and too much free time for their long dead hand! Of course, these scenes are more comical than frightening, especially since light gray and transparent shapes remind you of the ghostly effects that were later popularized in Ghostbusters. The "house where evil lives" is probably the least scary film. Throughout your working hours, you wondered whether the director Kevin Connor (who made the great horror movies "Motel Hell" and "From Beyond the Grave") deliberately wanted his movie to be funny and up, like "Motel Hell" maybe. But then again, all the cast persons will speak the straight and sincere face of their lines, so I think we have to take everything seriously and feel disturbed. The "house where Evil lives" is never relaxed or even far from exciting, and does not even contain any sharp images at the beginning of the massacre. I'm fully aware of how low it is, but the two scenes where Susan George goes topless are the only real highlights. Well, these and maybe also cheesy and ridiculously over sized spiders (or are they crabs?) Invading your daughter's bedroom. How was it completely random and irrelevant? If you have ever decided to give this film a chance, despite your bad reputation, leave your mind and thinking close to home. <br /> <br /> Triva's comment on horror: Keep an open mask, which was also an excellent Japanese horror classic in Onibaba.
