I've seen Gator Bait movies and it's almost exactly the same. The woman has sexually assaulted the group's degenerate men and systematically reveals her cruel revenge to each of them. What sets this movie apart from them (though not very far) is that sexual content is not respected. Throughout the film, it is full of nudity many times, but it is never sexy. Some rape scenes may seem a little widespread, but it's just because the film is trying to strengthen the audience's need to see this woman look for revenge. <br /> <br /> This is a weak film, it has no other way of preserving interests, except manipulation of our natural desire to see this woman revenge against her attackers. I don't spit my grave on a movie that you expect serious morals, but I was pleased to see that because it contained a significant amount of violence against women, it didn't have to miss the T&A film. <br /> <br /> B-films are known for being controlled by nudity and uncontrolled sexuality of adolescents, and while I spit you, the tomb is unmistakably a B-film and contains more than that part of nudity, nudity is not guided by the plot. On the other hand, the only thing that drives the plot is the need for revenge against a group of rapists. These men are evolutionary drops like Gator Bait in movies, and the biggest challenge for writers seems to be finding new and exciting ways, but the reason for the movie is no more than a pointless B movie is that it doesn't give any message but just satisfies the public's desire to see how many rapists get exactly what they deserve. One problem it leaves is that we have to sit through sexual attacks. Strangely enough, the first half of the movie is the most nudity (though not much), but it is by far the most painful to watch. We've even dropped a little when we look at a woman getting revenge because a few deaths were so difficult that they were obviously impossible (it seems like luck that the guy at the end of the lake felt such a great desire to hug) on ​​the boat and push his genitals against the propeller, so that the woman runs the last words and pulls the cord out), but again this film only responds to the revenge that we have to fill in the first half. <br /> <br /> (Spoilers) You know it's all the movie you have to do, because it ends up literally killing the last minute. She never lives happily, she does not write her book, she does not leave and never returns to a nightmare, she just gets a boat and engines around the lake when the film just stops. But hey, what else were you waiting for? <br /> <br /> And did you read the label? If you decide to waste this time, try to find all the men who can break or burn. Were I really waiting for them?
