Oh dear Lord, how on earth was that part of the film someone had ever approved? It starts with cheese from beginning to end, but it is not even good cheese. It is the most brilliant, softest and tasteless cheese, and I can't believe there's anyone who really enjoyed it. Yes, if you saw it with a drunken / stoned friend, some bits may be sadly funny, but for the rest of the audience, the only entertaining parts are when that group of friends throws a popcorn and abusive insults between each other and the screen. I watched it together with a couple of laughing guys, having made a couple of beers to let the film break the anticipated devil. We got a hangover (lots of it) but no smiles. It's not so bad, it's a good movie. It's just bad. Very, very bad. Here's why (check out if you're a spoiler): The movie starts with a guy who kills another boy's death. OK, I was a few minutes late so I'm not sure why it was, but I think I realized that "this guy is a little bad, you don't want to get confused" behind the message. Oh, and the boy knows it. So, we already have a bad evil boy and a cunning but cute (probably) good man. Cue Hero. Big Sam enters the scene in the usual way, saving a good man in the usual way, so that only bad acting film can be achieved, ie the hero is immune to bullets, all others fall rather clumsily. Cue first plot hole. How bloody hell Sammy knew where he was, or that he looked at the murder. Maybe it was clarified and the answers to all your plot-related questions within two minutes before entering the cinema, but I doubt it. In fact, I end up breaking the holes in here so I don't change anything that resembles Swiss cheese (which we all know is good cheese). So, "plot" (a very generous word to use). A good man must go to LA, a bad boy didn't want to, Hero Sam is between the two. The landscapes of the next hour of vomiting - airplanes. As I said, I won't leave the plot in the holes, I'll leave it there. Passenger plane. The next, vital ingredient to date, is missing from this cinematic art and what makes it all - Snakes. Yes! Oh, pause. First of all, we have an introduction to all the mandatory characters on a flat film. Hot, horny couples (see if you can guess how they die), the dead-before-all-snakes-even-appear British boy (these pesky brits, eh?), Cute kids and Jo Brand. For all of you Americans who are known for their size and discomfort in English comics. Now that we're cast, let's see all of them die (except for the lovely kids, of course). Don't expect anything original, it's just a snake bites on different and more fun (really not) body parts. Use your imagination because filmmakers probably didn't use them. <br /> <br /> So this is most of the movie, so now the best bit is the end. As expected, everything is just as happy as the plane lands, all the people on the horizon are sucking. Yep, including the ice-cold Sammy. But wait, we're not out of the air! The last man who comes out is a good boy, but just as he gets a bite (all you thought). It was clear that it had been hiding Mr Jackson's hair all the time, because it was somehow able to resist the air pressure trick that the old hero had worked a few minutes earlier, despite the 200th constraint (what ate the irritating British mistake) can. So, Sam wins him and the snake in one fall. At this point I prayed that the film would be ready to make the much needed U-turn and show that the whole hero was actually a traitor. But not. It has come to light in a cozy form of cake (but remember) that the culmination of the film was linked to a bulletproof vest. How can anyone think that 10 years ago the audience, not to mention 2006, would be impressed by their ingenuity, it is behind me, but it worked well in summarizing the film. <br /> <br /> In fact, we haven't done it yet. After everything has been absorbed by the face (Uncle Sam with the leading actor, Tiffany with a good guy, a symbolic black boy, a white girl and a hot couple with warming necrophilia), it's time for a good guy and a hero to get it. ... Bali !!! No, it wasn't exciting at all, the exclamation marks were there to represent my full joy in seeing the credit roll. Yes, the last shot of the movie is festive surfing to convey the message that there has been a male bond, and the chance for any moor that really enjoyed the movie. That's it. This is the first time I've ever seen a movie, but I felt so strong that someone has to talk about the scourge of cinematography. If you like planes, snakes, Samuel L.Jackson, suckers, bad guys, surfing, dogs in bags or English, please, please check out this movie. It will pollute your opinion on all of the above, so you never ever want to be in contact with them. Go see United 93 instead. That was good.
