The more I analyze this movie, the worse it becomes. First, why a motivational speaker? This part was just stupid. I mean, why should a megalomania who tries to control the world rely on a motivational speaker? Is Alexander Stone really wrong? First of all, he cannot decide what he wants to do to lead the world, so he looks at the Bible. Many of the ideas I could add are really unreliable (for example, "Ishmael and Isaac's houses are screaming" might have already happened. It could have been the synagogues burned in Krystalnacht and the mosques would have been in Baghdad or something that has grown up.) And Gillen Lane's Family! They had no part except to give family values ​​and shake their eyes with water! I can add that because Casper van Dien / Gillen Lane is still in his twenties (or the impression I had) and has a ten-year-old child, he had a child in high school. Yes, there are TBN family values. Why should this film be so damn propaganda-like? I repeat what the previous reviewer said. Indiana Jones tends to use Christian mythology as a plot and manipulate it so that we are intoxicated. This movie doesn't do that. The beginning begins well, Michael Ironsides plays a priest who murders a teacher and steals the dead boy's Omega code. Then, when they face two men whom he is probably afraid of, the two prophets say to him, "Tell your lord we are here!". Dominic (Ironsides) answers "He already knows" and points to a small surveillance camera. This part sent refrigerators to my back. It was just that such a scene would have loved this movie. I give credit to Michael York: he does a good job of performing his character, like Michael Ironsides. But the good guys are terrible. I've already gone to the Lane family <br /> <br />. Now that I'm over the actor, I'm going to try. This is probably a Baptist film because our beloved Pope of the Vatican is depicted as an oak. The predominant plot of the world that I liked and was credible and subtle, as well as the sequences of activities were exciting and well done. The other Vatican leader, their leaders, is also seen dogmatically as Gillen explains to the Pope that this is not the end of the world, but the beginning of a new one. The Vatican (or Israelis) say they are leaving the World Union when they used the Omega code to control the world. Whoever it was, they would not have just left, they would send messengers and kill them. This is equivalent to America, knowing that the KGB will kill the president and simply say, "We are not talking to you anymore!" Come on! I enjoyed scenes where we see bombers in Israel and see them again. Average short.
