I was disappointed with this movie for very good reasons. In the first half hour, it's pretty decent. Although acting is not better, it seems that the rap video, its a little funny and the value of the production do not seem half-bad. In fact, I thought it would be almost as good as Perico Ripiao (another recently dominant dominant film) that turned out to be much better than I expected. Not only the cheating of the spouses, but the way in which women are viewed and treated in the dominant society as a whole, which is a good prerequisite especially in the Dominican Republic, is not considered around the plot of the film. Unfortunately, I do not believe that the makers of this film rely on the fact that a good film is how your subject is treated, and they prevent veal in front of them. Approximately 30 minutes into the film, the roles of men and women will be reversed after the main characters of the woman put a spell on her because of her cheating habits. This transition will happen not only to what seems to be top-notch, age of space, the effect of the CGI that comes from what I think would be 70s, but the whole plot just goes out. The rest of the movie is nothing but cheesy's predictable situations and smart liners. First of all, it's all off (and I think I should warn you now ** SPOILER ALERT **), all of which is a dream. Oh, who didn't see it? Oh man, I almost forgot the most ridiculous thing about the movie. Well after about an hour I start thinking "Hmmmm something just doesn't seem like the right sound track, but what can it be?" And then it hits me with a picture of the movie taken from the FIGHTER'S HOME VIDEO COMPETITION 95. <br /> <br /> If you're DR, if you give us a movie, we can call art? Perhaps a comedy that fits with Amelie France or an action that fits Thailand's Ong-Bak, animation like Akira was in Japan, a witty criminal thriller as Layer Cake was in England or a social awakening journey on Waking Life was here I'd give it 1, but I have come a lot worse to look for DR, look for Los Jodedores and you know what I'm talking about.
