Victor Vargas Raising: Review <br /> <br /> You know that lifting Victor Vargas is like pasting hands into a big, steaming bowl. It's warm and well, but you're not sure if it's right. Try it the way I can, no matter how warm and glowing, Victor Vargas lifting, always made me aware that nothing seems to be right. Victor Vargas suffers from some excessive confidence in the director. Apparently, the director thought that the ethnic background of the Latino family on the eastern side and the idyllic story would make the film critical. He was right, but it doesn't fool me. Raising Victor Vargas is the story of a seventeen-year-old shop that you thought you might have thought Victor Vargas (Victor Rasuk), who lives in his teenage years when he runs more skirt than the Rolling Stones. The film begins in "Ugly Fat" Donna's bedroom, where Victor definitely attracts him, but the outside crying disturbs his plans when his best friend Harold (Kevin Rivera) searches for him. With the efforts of Harold and his sister Victor Vargas wins under the control of injuries. But even with the embarrassment that she has been in the neighborhood of the most homeless girl, nothing makes the young Victor more fresh meat. On a hot New York day, they reach the local public pool, where Victor's eyes remain in the eyes of a lovely young Nymph Judy (Judy Marte), who is not just beautiful but also strong and independent. At the heart of the film is the relationship between Victor and Judy. The story also focuses on Victor's family, including his grandmother or abuela (Altagracia Guzman), his brother Nino (also played by his real-life brother Victor, Silvestre Rasuk) and his sister Vicky (Krystal Rodriguez). Action follows Victory between Jewish scenes and his family scenes. Victor is trying to cope with an overly pimp-father, his feelings about Judy and his grandmother's conservative Catholic cultivation. <br /> <br /> Victor Vargas lifting problems are some but striking mistakes. Throughout the film, you will find some signs like Vicky, Nino, Grandma, Judy and even Judy's best friend Melonie. The problem is that we don't know anything about Victor Vargas except he is the biggest gigolo in the neighborhood. We know he knows how to lick his lips and comb his traffic, and wear himself to force the girls' bag, but that's all. We know that Nino is playing the piano and quietly well, you see it with the family piano award. We know her sister Nick, a rumor-loving girl interested in watching television. We know that grandmother is a hard-working traditional Latina woman who is trying to raise her children conservatively in the world of excessive corruption. But where is the title force, Victor Vargas? He's somewhere in this movie, but we only know what the film says. This is by far the biggest mistake in the movie. Victor Vargas is not so much a character, but a ping-pong ball that hits the scene between Judy and his grandmother, but we never know who Victor Vargas really is. This is important because, as I mentioned, the only thing we know about Victor Vargas is that he is a sexually active teenager whose libido is the size of Manhattan. He's a full alpha-man. Victor Vargas is not the kind I understand. Why should anyone? So at the end of the film, our peak has really believed that Victor Vargas has somehow reached the depth of NO and learned the mistakes of his paths? How could such a two-dimensional character be deep? If only the director worried a little more about developing his main owner, instead of worrying about getting this perfect hand-held picture. <br /> <br /> Raising Victor Vargas brings the city center of Latino to life on the big screen of the world. Something that some movies have done before. The film has been congratulated for such a real sense that I am not talking about it. I have not seen this level of reality because CBS handed over to Survivor. Seriously, although the film has some nice shots of the city, the writer / director Peter Sollett was too dependent on close-ups and hand-held photographs. This problem is particularly noticeable in interior designs that are so claustrophobic. I was forced to do deep breathing exercises. When the film continues, the shots are compacted and compacted when the face is cropped to see the screen; you can virtually odorless Victor Vargas cheap Cologne. On the other hand, the overall impact is unrealistic. The inner scenes of city apartments make them small and cramps that are not true. I've been in such apartments; I lived in one. They are not brilliant, but they have high ceilings and are decent dwellings. According to the film's standards, you would think these apartments were 5x5 cells of brick and mortar, split colors and cracked walls. Unfortunately, Solletti is constantly coming close and one of the most bad scenes at one scene is completely amateur. But raising Victor Vargas is only Sollett's second film and his best-known, strong cinematic effort, which I hope will improve when he continues to film. One review I read about the film's "Ethnicity for Nationality" and I can no longer agree. If Victor Vargas had a really great film and story, then the applicability of the characters would not matter if they were Latino, China, etc. -bopper white kids results would not be such glowing reviews, and we would like to see movie errors more clearly. Indeed, some other aspects of using Latinos in this movie disturb me. Although some aspects of Victor Vargas are accurate, I have to ask. For example, Victor, Nino and Vicky share one bedroom. It gave me an alarm, because it seemed the opposite of what I believe. Every self-respecting Latino family would not have two older brothers sharing the same room with a thirteen-year-old girl. At first I was sure maybe I was wrong, but after talking to my grandmother I knew my problem was justified. Given that Grandma is conservative, you think Vicky would have slept in her room. <br /> <br /> Latino, who grew up in a somewhat conservative Cuban household, raised by my mother when my mother was. working full-time, I can associate the film in many ways, so my critical views are bittersweet because I really wanted to love that movie. Unfortunately, I sabotaged Victor Vargas' respect for the film. Perhaps this is because Victor Vargas reminds me of the men who dropped when I played with Sega Genesis when I was seventeenth. Perhaps this is because, without further expression of the film, Victor Vargas is just a stereotypical warm-blooded Latino who just punishes girls for his car, "Hey bay-bee, do I want to get into my luv Mah-Chee?" Either way, I don't like it, so how do I like it? So, if you apologize, I'll grab my hands on the gravel season. <br /> <br />
