I've never been an enthusiastic viewer of Crocodile Hunter, but I saw an episode or a little episode from time to time, and when the news spread from Steve Irwin's death in 2006, it certainly attracted my attention. This movie, Steve and his wife Terri, who played themselves, but a fictional story, appeared in 2002, but I didn't hear it many years later, and even after that it took time to get it. Well, now I've seen it, and after reviewing it for the first time (more than once) and looking at my rating, I wasn't surprised how inexpressible it turned out to be, although it might have been a better BIT. Apparently, this should be a comedy, so the big problem is that it's not funny at all. <br /> <br /> The US satellite house falls from space and land in Australia, where it is swallowed by a crocodile! While Steve and Terri Irwin are trying to capture this crocodile from a place where it terrorizes the crazy herd of Brozzie Drewitt's pasture, and doesn't know what's inside, two CIA agents are sent to Australia for beacon downloads! Agents are assisted by Jo Buckley and the livestock owner and his dogs can make their mission more difficult! On Steve's and Terri's missions, they face other dangerous wildlife, not just the crocodile, and because they have no idea that there is something unusual about this, when Steve sees CIA agents after them, he hurts them for poachers! <br /> <br /> Not only did I laugh at watching this movie, but the only part that really smiled at me was Steve Irwin, who used a big snake to scare one CIA agent. Besides that, I think I didn't find anything even amusing. It is also a bit inconsistent confusion by switching off Australia's Outback to the CIA headquarters, and it seems that "Crocodile Hunter" clips and some action-action clips have been put together. There are also ranch scenes that seem to be somewhere else and as funny as Brozzie Drewitt, played by Magda Subanski, is not. At one point we can see his face so we have a joke, MAJORI cliche in modern comedy! Are they hard to resist? I also found typical "Crocodile Hunter" scenes with Steve's wrestling crocodiles and holding other dangerous creatures and talking to viewers to be annoying, but I think that the fact that I was never a dedicated fan of the play didn't help <br /> br /> Steve Irwin was admired by many nature conservationists and, unfortunately, have been missed, while there are those who say he was confused with nature and had come to it. No matter what side you are, "Crocodile Hunter: Collision Course" is not a well-designed film. I'm sure this will help if you are a big Steve Irwin fan, but even if you are, there is no guarantee that you want this movie because some fans are obviously not impressed. In fact, some of them seem to have found this film to be worse than I have, so maybe it won't help. As I said, there is no guarantee. I would say what you think of Steve Irwin and his show, this movie was not necessary. Attempting to combine the traditional story of "Crocodile Hunter" has unfortunately failed, and the viewer may find that this film looks like more than ninety minutes!
