When teenagers travel to camping sites, there are many clichés that you can guarantee. <br /> <br /> 1) Young people are warned not to go where they go crazy. Dan Van Husen is doing a ridiculous exposure to deadly sirens. What, who, how and why is being dealt with in an almost incomprehensible burst. 2) The commercial breaks. 3) When searching for help, the group is divided and selected one by one with any monster they have warned.4) They find the house that the crazy man lives, he hits them. 5) There is a phone in the house, but it does not work, it is disturbingly decorated, neon light, spiders and breeds. 6) The crazy guy is trying to get them out when they try to escape from a vehicle that does not start (here the highway was supposed to be on the tractor). 7) The madman is apparently killed back from the dead to be cheap, scarce, and then killed properly. 8) Only a girl is left in the group. 9) Finally, there is an unnecessary twist. <br /> <br /> Add these nude sirens to these elements (who seem to react in different ways, despite the fact that anyone who sees them should immediately cuddle with them) that seduces and kills teens, pulls out the throat and The bodies are pulling halfway and you have something that resembles a twelve-year-old boy's dream movie. <br /> <br /> I think it is fair to say that my opinion of the director and his previous work is as small as possible, but I am pleased to point out that some of the elements that restrict pleasant things and which is his previous film Darkhunters, one of the worst films I've ever seen. Sometimes filmmaking is very good, music and editing are cutting down on his previous films and some other low budget horror movies. I was impressed that this was achieved by a third of the amount spent on previous monstrosity. The worst things in this movie are not in the body of the film, but ultimately a guiding, meaningless movie that is done over and over again, but DVD's. /> If you rent this movie, please listen to the director's comment he doesn't believe. That's more about film itself. One amazing part of the commentary is the director's claim that the film is a cliché because it was an imagined idea. He says he is aware of the attempt to use all the clichés and admires whether "people get it". <br /> <br /> I am afraid to say that if it were to be smart and in the film of the past films and clichés of their genre, then it is not clear enough to work in the right tone or to direct enough style to work. When this film was made to ask, I will ask one question; "What was that?" This is the movie that just slips right into the bad horror movie canon, no attempt to do anything smart or different has worked. <br /> <br /> The next brightness nugget is the conversation of digital movie formats. They rightly point out that digital is often cheap and easy to use. The best moment in the conversation comes when they are amazed by the fact that Michael Mann is making a film in the form of a brand as a vision. It's easy to make a difference here; Mann is a talented director who uses the format to match his story and style, Roberts is a horror cage that uses it to create a base plate genre. I think the differences are obvious and the comparison is not only arrogant but also superfluous. The best moment is reserved for Robert's comments to people who have taken the time to review their previous film. Those who did not like it are generalized as "geeks" and it goes so far as to bring out specific people who have a nerve to express their opinions in forums that encourage them to do so. I have to admit that I was a little disappointed that my last film was not ridiculous. The knight goes further than group jokes from Norwegian reviewers, with "fun" accents, which means that Norwegian people don't know a good movie just because they were born. As always, such comments say more to those who say they than the ones they are targeting simply make the director and his friends ignorant. <br /> <br /> The package is round with tastefully furnished sirens cast. Robert swears in a dark voice, "I didn't want to make a movie like Baywatch," when we see topless and naked girls' records on the ground. There is also a dense and self-conscious documentary about Darkhunter's making, in which Robert says that the reviewer has claimed that Forest is "Britain's best film over the years". I don't know who he's trying to convince. At one point in the commentary, Robert says funny: "I see people sitting at home saying," It's not amazing, her sh $ t "she's not wrong.
