From the beginning, this movie was terrible! Why was it so bad? If it is not a naked woman, not only needs a proper plastic surgeon, but also the knowledge of a dentist, followed by a free hand of whitening Colgate! Then this "crazy" old boy at a gas station who is not so crazy, but more "I'm not sure how much to act, so I look straight ahead and I look like a fool, as I can make a shout in robotic tones something in the woods"! Then back to those naked nymphs who need to treat gingivitis ... probably without touching you ... and that is according to the place of opening .... they can cause a nasty red rash on the neck, which I assumed to be pure meat, but it seems that it could do with some TCPs to get it up right away. Then you have Sophie Holland, who is playing an ally, I've never seen such a Baaaa action, she's more to me than I do not have fun, and I don't want to do it I don't want, and I'm the most influential cow on the planet. I'm sarcastic, small, and if I don't get my way, I stab! ”, Reminds a person of more than 6 a. old girl attitude. I don't even think it is worth mentioning the horrible corners of the camera that remind me of Blair Witch, or if the low-budget movie really was that when Judd started to hit the locked door, it was actually open before it opened it on the other !! This movie is completely ridiculous! If it were a scam, it would have been a success ... only, but like a horror movie was just wrong! I can't even describe everything that was in this movie when I ran into the room! Although it was funny to watch Andrew's drop of raspberry juice in his ear every time he opened his mouth, Tom Savin's character was completely dark when two hiding under his desk in his field of vision! It was even funny when the two thought they could escape from a god damn tractor, which, as we all know, is your first hated vehicle that is behind, because his god so slow! So it's a miracle they can't get into it? And how many people do you know that you can cut your wrist and then ride around for hours, as if something had happened! There is no pain, no blood loss, nothing! But the most conspicuous part is when suddenly (and I mean it literally) is one year later and Molly is still misleading in the woods after the nymphs escape and then see and see, Shaun Hutson chooses him ... of course not in his books for advertising! (although he is one of my favored authors) but suddenly and absolutely no hint of how and why ... he is bad himself and attracts Huts to his death, then we cut the mad guy from the beginning suddenly cheat around on gasoline, even After his "dazzling" performance about why no one should for some reason risk being there for some reason ... cymin nymphs foolishly around each other for fun when Crazy pours petrol everywhere. ... and the movie ends here ... in the end! My conclusion .... if you hadn't already thought ... absolute rubbish! There was no right idea at all who wanted to burn the camera ... and come to think it was 99% cast! If the right director, the participants and the budget had been behind it, it could have been decent. But once again, low budget English horror movies, but the rest of the genre, state and English film industry shame! (And I'm English, so I promise to say it)! In fact, the only decent and exciting part of the film is the first 15-20 minutes when we look at how it is overnight in a field-type area. All I was thinking of throughout this time was "Jesus Christ in Heaven, why oh, why did you allow someone to do it, your absolute cow's testicles!" But I can't turn the movie off after I look at it unfortunately. After that, I had to look at Dusk Til Dawn to remind me that he had a good time to do it! If there was a 0/10 chance, then believe me that I chose that movie is not even worth what I gave it! <br /> <br /> But that's just my opinion, look at it and decide for yourself.
