Damned Forest begins with five young friends, brother and sister Emilio (Richard Cambridge) and Ally (Sophie Holland) with Judd (Daniel Maclagan), Molly (Nicole Petty) and Andrew (David Hood). long-term "somewhere in the middle", their words are not mine. Anyway, before they know it, they're in the deep woods and Emilio is struggling over the wife (Frances Da Costa), with a badly injured person who adds to the problems they're traveling with, not receiving signals on their cell phones. They have to find help quickly, so Molly & Judd leave in the hope of finding a house because the time is gone and darkness begins to fall, it turns out that they are not alone and that there is something nasty in the forest ... <br /> <br /> This English Johannes Roberts wrote and directed the production of the language and reviewed several other comments and comments here, IMDb and the Internet. not personally, he did not do much at all. Script is credited to Roberts screen, but here in IMDb Joseph London with "additional scenario material", meaning that this movie is your main backwoods-type thing, like Texas Chainsaw Massacre (1974), where your main stranded teenager is attacking victims but uses an interesting concept of fallen angels who migrate to the forest and kill people for a reason that has never been dissatisfied. Then there is Stephen, which is once played by fantastic Tom Savin, who is never given any justification for what he does. Is he there to get the angels? If so, why did he kill Andrew's head? The story is very loose, he never felt the right movie. The characters are bad, dialogue is not much better, and the absence of any important story makes it difficult to get into it or take care of what is happening. Having said that it is moving at a reasonable pace and here are a couple of decent scenes. <br /> <br /> Director John does nothing special, it's not particularly stylish or flash. There are some decent horror scenes and Tom Savin's character is great when he is on the screen (though why didn't he hear how Judd cut the door at the door when he fled to Molly?) And it's a shame when he is killed. Here are a couple of decent gore scenes, somebody has hit their head, there is a glimpse, someone gets a shotgun, someone has a bite, someone's lips are bitten, and someone is beaten and someone hangs in half. Also, the fair amount is full of nudity of the front woman, not that it helps a lot. <br /> <br /> Technically, the forest is in the forest, it's pretty well done, but nothing too special or eye-catching. It was shot in England and Wales and it is rather strange to see that English is a very American-themed upside down. Operation is generally quite bad, except for Savin, who deserves this superiority. Horror author Shaun Hutson is embarrassed at the end of the camouflage and proves that he should rather write than act. <br /> <br /> The forest forest was a pretty bad horror movie, it seems there are fans, so maybe I have something missing, but this is not a movie that I enjoy much. In addition to one or two proper moments, there is not much to suggest here.
