People tried to believe that the assumption of this green supernatural horror / thriller is inspired by the actual last words spoken by an authentic serum killer (whose name gets to me at the moment). Waiting for his electric chair to be filled, he claimed that his soul would restore life and continue with an endless murder. It's not a very original idea to turn a horror movie by the way. Other low-budget turkeys used the same assumption as "House 3", "Shocker" and "Ghost in the Machine". Anyway, "The First Power" (a.k.a. "Pentagram") is not a totally terrible effort, but the script goes back to the clichés and there is no real excitement. The film begins with a okay, even though the daily attack film with obsessive cop-hero Lou Diamond Philips uses a manic, carrying a bloody pentagram in its victims box. He gets unexpected help through the spiritual media, which is played by the proud and underrated Tracy Griffith. He will lead him to the killer but will not lose him because it would lead to an even greater catastrophe! Thanks to Tess's helpful hints, Detective Logan quickly hits a killer and celebrates his death sentence, but Patrick Channing made his pact with Satan and returns to rotten streets in California. The "first power" becomes quite bad when the murderer is reused as a revenge spirit. Instead of using his newly acquired satanic abilities to destroy the whole world (what I did in my job), Channing prefers to play cat and mouse games with copper. He is constantly irritating him with "Buddy-Boy" and has the bodies of Logan's friends and colleagues to cheat him. Although it is never really boring or poorly understood, it is a very weak film, mostly due to déjà-vu. Writer / director Robert Resnikoff shamelessly uses every terrible cliché (the killer was sexually abused as a child) and even the ranks of players can be easily predicted. As soon as Griffith explains that he can predict the future, you just know that somewhere at some point in the film he is ridiculously saying "I speak to people who live their lives, but my own life is a mess". Yawn. The performance of Lou Diamond Philips is sufficient enough, but it is quite difficult to take this youthful rebel "La Bamba" and "Stand And Deliver", which is a serious copper. The appearance of the legend of David Gale ("Re-Animator") by Mykelti Williamson ("Forrest Gump"), Carmen Argenziano ("When the Speeches of Foreigners") and B-Movie is very small at first. movie.
