Awful! Awful! Awful! No, I didn't like it. It was obvious what the purpose of the film was: to track the wheel and handling of the "movers and shakers" that created the film. In some cases, they are people who represent themselves other than what they are. I didn't need a movie to say how low some people in the film industry are. I think I'm really guilty because I was expecting something "Rome vacation". <br /> <br /> I am not a filmmaker or a filmmaker, but it seemed to me that the movie consisted of a series of "two frames" (basically), where actors (!) were equipped with a loose plot and had to improvise the dialogue. Henry Jaglon argues that, along with Victoria Foyt, he actually wrote a scenario, but the impression was that participants aware of the general direction of the film excluded dialogue - and this was not always successful. This was the case when Ron Silver made some remarks that really didn't go through the line of the conversation (and I'm not going to look for it!) And Greta Scacchi got into laughter, even if they had to have a serious conversation because Silver's comment was such a non-sequence. You also get the impression that one actor is deliberately trying to "wrong the mouth" for another participant and interrupts his concentration. Another example is when the manufacturer tells Silver to "bring the documents & *% # @ # ^" (3 times). Silver seemed literally lost. I've seen another movie that looked like improvisational drama books and what was terrible! Anouk Ami and Maximilian Schell show that it was a slow news week for them. Peter Bogdanovich had his face all the time, and I waited to hear that he said, "Look, I'm a director and scriptwriter - not an actor" - what would have been necessary for the state! Faye Dunaway seemed more interesting to her son Liam. In addition to the jerky dialogue, the handheld camera became irritating even when it was incredible - when I suspect that "natural" dialogue was - and interest in the principals was attracted to different youngsters who walked along the chain trying to kill themselves. It was at least Cinema Verite. So with the irritating French song I used to make a silent button, a generally disappointing 90-minute minute was made. <br /> <br /> I think we should avoid movies like this. In an attempt to see the value of the film, where he has little credit to prove that he is perceived as transcendental. There was nothing about it in the avant-garde. It did not come into contact with the work of art, but it was not a documentary. I know it was a document, but the real test is whether it is fun. I was bored of the skull! It had one salvation property: it was right in Cannes, so I gave it to 3/10.
