Frankly, the concept of "Horror Masters" had something to do with it. The leaders of the horror of time, who have now left aside, when the industry is given the opportunity to drive fear again, were all from the beginning. This is until I watched some episodes ... Oh boy, it's really a bad TV. Not only does it seem that directors are given very few budgets to target their sketches, but there also seem to be instructions, such as shooting in HD. This is a long story for short making, for both artistic and financial reasons. I can't help but compare them with "crypt" and M.o.H. Episodes really do not leave a comparison. TFTC was good, MOH is bad; I think there are some explanation keys here: the TFTC was shorter (about 25 minutes for each episode) than MOH (50 minutes per episode), I believe it allowed for tighter scenarios, a good recurrence of ideas more often, a better overview of the episode, fewer opportunities to have a plot confused or boring. The duration may also be the reason why the budget was better spent on the TFTC: the directors came from REAL film composers (composers from MOH are non-existent, very bad), REAL actors (whereas MOH has nothing but an unknown actor after an unknown actor )!), The true leaders of Photography and sometimes these real movie cameras (though MOH has been captured with HD cameras with very wrongly selected lens pieces), which resulted in TFTC episodes and felt cinematography. in the sense that the actual actors, from Michael J. Fox to Tim Roth to Kyle McLachlan to Kirk Douglas, were cast, but behind it were the filmmakers Alan Silvestri, the great photography directors like Dean Cundey, the writers of the cutting-edge scenario, and in this sense every "Tale" was a little movie of its true nature. Compared to the TFTC, "horror masters" are a rather flat approach to TV horror. It is very difficult to stand by if your cinematographic standards are just above average because it looks like any silly TV series, if not worse. Usually it gets boring and even annoying in 10 minutes. Actors are not listened to before the wannabette (except for the Fairuza Balk, Robert Englund, Angela Bettis and some, but even there they are the only known episode actors). MoH director's base was good at first, but for each episode it's the worst and worst: now that even the leaders are unknown to the world, what's left? Something! And it is funny how they will finish the unknown leaders if they have not even said: Stan Winston, Dick Maas, William Lustig, Sam Raimi, Eric Red, Robert Harmon, William Friedkin, Jim Muro, Stuart Gordon, Russell Mulcahy. .. If even "horror masters" can not survive the dead leaders, who does it? Maybe Tales from Crypt repeats.
