We open Colonel Luc Deveraux (Van Damme), the original Universal Soldier and his buxom Asian friend, who reach the river, which seems to be Universal soldiers. They kill almost two, then wait, it was just a field test. Deveraux, which we found, is now part of a government-funded company that is developing a new level of universal soldiers. Why would he want to participate in it (if you know something about the original) has never been explained and over me. <br /> <br /> This is a thin set after that, a real story. The United States Government has reduced the budget of the Universal Soldier project and angered SETH in this process (a large artificial mainframe that manages universal soldiers). Of course, he can't close without a fight. This means that Van Damme must go out and take out all the new universal warriors. What sounds like a fun idea for action movies and succession, but it doesn't stop it from becoming stupid hell. For example, Bill Goldberg plays one of the new soldiers. You don't seem to be wrong when you see a wrestler in a movie. He's big, he's tough, right? Wrong. Van Damme doesn't seem to have a problem with the floor with him ... once ... twice ... three times. Here I lost. Then there is the breaking of the glass. A rudimentary part of all action films, but one must have a glass fetish. In particular, you need to see fighting scenes. Let us not talk about how someone does not cut or at least slip. Then put the cherry on the wreck of this train, they have a SETH (computer) that secures the human body for themselves and how appropriate it is when they do evil black (Michael Jai White). Nothing works better than a white good guy fighting a black bad boy. Potentially offensive and just plain flat. He also does not replace Dolphi. <br /> <br /> Universal Soldier 2 is a sad sequel. It's pick, it's stupid and it doesn't care. The original was not poetic, but it made a simple sort of thought element and it created a baseline. There is no sense. However, they keep the running time for ninety minutes and somehow find a way to squeeze the band club. So give credit when the credit is due.
