I first heard of Unisol 2 when I was on a vacation in America on a cinema. I really didn't take that much to notice before I bought the original DVD that made me know about these three stages. Later I started reading about IMDB's return and asked my friends what they thought about it. Despite their terrible criticism, I was still out of sight and was on the verge of buying it until I saw it on a DVD. I didn't expect much, but I thought the USA needed a half decent to release the theater, how often is that you see Van Damme on the big screen? Well, nothing would be ready for that. It's so bad that I almost cried. What is total 80 minutes and £ 2.50. It's hard to figure out how bad this step is. Honestly. This is idiotic filmmaking. No, it's more than an idiot. I just can't believe how it got. I can't believe someone has been murdering Mic Rogers there. If foolish people might be - first, Van Damme actually thought the script and the finished movie were good. Secondly, the fact that Xander Berkley, Terminator 2 and Air Force One have the status of dedicated film. I just can't believe the stupidity of this movie. It takes itself so seriously, but it feels stupid to the audience. Here's an example: JCVD's daughter (yes, Luc is now a man again) - "I want my father", SETH- "So I". Oh yes, and some boys are trying to close SETH by pulling three big levers together - wait - ON and OFF written for them. The whole round is like a school of play. I'm sure Mr. Director modeled in April O'Neil Luci's reporters girlfriend drawing from Teenage Mutant Hero Turtles - he refuses to go because he ... ... needs his own story. I mean the fire - how many clichés can I use to film? Please listen to IMDB users - don't touch it with the ferry stick. In conclusion, the universal soldier: there is no connection with the first film on the return. In fact, if they were not called UniSol, you never know it would be a sequel. Luc is now again a man - what the hell!?! The only place he can access the Internet is in a club club. All the new Uni Sols look like they're out of the street, they're not convincing. It is pure torture to watch it, so do yourself a favor - don't torture yourself. P.S - The best part of the movie: Romeo jumps out of the building and shouts "Oh sh * t".
