OK I saw this movie to get a bad benchmark, but with this movie, it's Unisol's best film, which is now drawn. to improve and improve the UniSol program to make a new, stronger, more intelligent and more productive soldier. All the new Unisols, which are faster and stronger than their predecessors, are artificially connected to the intelligent computer system SETH, which is an evolving idea in itself. When SETH discovers that the Universal Soldier program is closed due to budget cuts, it takes its own defense. The killing of people who are trying to break their power and unleash their group of super-soldiers led by Musclebound Romeo will release SETH Deveraux just because Deveraux has the secret code needed to turn off the embedded program that closes SETH. in a few hours. With the help of a hacker called Squid, SETH takes a human form. Luc does not have to argue with an ambitious reporter, Erin, who does not leave his side, but Luc must also fight with General Radford, who wants to take extreme action to stop SETH. SETH has also kidnapped Luci's injured 13-year-old daughter Hillary and keeps her hostage. Luc is the only person who can save Hillary because Luc knows how UniSol thinks, feels, and fights. now there are problems like in any movie, as someone found it strange how the reporter just happened to be there and the soldiers can make the truck flat, but when Vanni Damme casts them with one bullet and dies and the final fight scene was incredible when Luc is now a human and Seth is 5 times stronger and faster than any other Unis and Luc can catch him. With the final struggle when Luc crushes him into pieces, I was really surprised that the pieces didn't melt and reformed him (Terminator 2). another thing that makes me mistake is how Hell Van Damme plays with good actors to play relatives, which I mean by Vanne Damme. The music score that you must mention before has ever heard a song where you would prefer to cut the blade board. The universal soldier 2 is like that. Good points are not Dolphi (HOORAY), and unlike 1st, there is only one naked scene, while the first has a lot (I still have haunting scenes # 1), there are also some talents given that the first selection included sadists (if you don't believe me look)
