When depicting the deplorable Milan subclass, this film was probably quite revealing. But I have the feeling that neorealism is never really the bag of the director De Sica, because here he decided to try to create some sort of contemporary fabulary that focused on the boy found in the old cabbage country. After most of his childhood spending, Toto lives in a Milan-based attack. He organizes people for community activities and keeps their spirits up, pampering their face with an annoying constant smile and testing them in their time tables. The fact that nobody tells him where to unleash his time is farther away from me because these people have much more important things to think about than the next Pot Noodle arrives. Anyway, De Sica then uses an extremely fine dramatic device to emphasize exactly why these poor bulls are where they are. All of this is, of course, under capitalism and, in order to illustrate it, it finds out that the accidents discover an oil fountain in their land. Brilliant! In the case of his credit, he has given up on making a serious film by then, and the capitalists are tough cartoons, all fur and cigars. They want this land, but our mathematical hero does not support that mess. With the happiness of happiness, the guardian of an old, dead cabbage patch appears in heaven, giving him a magical dove. He uses it to give gifts to his companions who prove as greedy as the men of the cigar. I think this movie was a forgotten opportunity. To deal with the issue of poverty, as many filmmakers have not done so far, and then get into the fairy tale, I feel a little enjoyable. How do "big" drivers get off the ground with children like the ones we see here? Hans Christian Anderson would probably have interrupted the idea that poor nations would fly above and above Milan's Duomo on the battlements. However, De Sica is declared a genius. Certainly, these people are so poor that their belief is disgraceful and that miracles do not happen to them is enough for every storyteller to work. <br /> <br />
