Mind attacks exactly what Universal Soldier values ​​the sequel. Because the actual letter, Dolph Lundgren, can't show the original proof of its role again, there is already a small reason why you can afford it in this obvious tax debt. The experiments that are being created will be done to fill salmon professional wrestler Bill Goldberg and martial arts expert Michael Jai White. For their credit, they give their action sequences a good excitement. Bill Goldberg looks like he has a lifetime of this film and plays the role of a fair comedy teacher. Once, his role is one that involves repeating the same line sometimes and it doesn't irritate. The problem from the point of view of the audience is that neither of these gentlemen knows comic timing or minor humility, which makes Lundgren so happy to watch almost all of his films. And there's a problem. You don't watch Van Damme movie because you want serious action. You're going because you want comedy, though involuntarily. <br /> <br /> For many people, the two direct videos following Universal Soldier are not sequel. I've only seen the first one who had such bad production values, but only wonder if it was to be a complicated joke. Matt Battaglia was so frightened in the role of Luc Deveraux that the vision of Jean-Claude Van Damme is welcome once in his career. The film completely ignores the above-mentioned live video stories, and instead begins a whole new story that determines an indefinite time after the events of the original. After years of research and clarification, the Unisola project is still undergoing small changes. First, the new Unisols are stronger and more harmless than their previous cousins. Second, all Unisols are now under the supercomputer SETH. In the first parts of the film, SETH is primarily a series of abstract graphics in a glass cup. <br /> <br /> As the film does not last more than eighty minutes, it is quickly said that military funding will be cut. The Unisol project is on a splitting block, meaning essentially that SETH is turned off. SETH, somehow listening to this conversation with tools that have never been explained, decides to mobilize the Unisol army against those who are trying to close him. His only problem is that, in order to avoid automatic shutdown, it is often necessary to enter a code in his system every time. Two people have this code. SETH kills in the first short order, and those who are familiar with the set of Van Damme films that are built will think within five seconds of what happens. The rest of the film revolves around Unisol's attempt to get the code out of Van Dam without being too badly injured. The film has a sub-block with her daughter and reporter, but it adds as much as Van Damme's story to action. <br /> <br /> The movie is loaded to the brim with ridiculous lines and clichés. When SETH moves its control module into Michael Jai White's body, we get a speech about how people are out. He tells the soldiers of his feet how fear and mortality are the weakness (s) of humanity. Gee, SETH, do you mean they're not our strengths? The short length of the film is both the weakness and the strength of the film. This leaves the activity without proper setup. The original gives us a very comprehensive explanation of how Unisols work and how they are brought to the country that is seen in most of the film. Here it seems that the writer seems self-evident that the viewer knows what is Unis and how they work. At least in the original, curiosity and wonder were created, leaving a later explanation of the film when the hero is in an ice bath. Here, one of the villains strikes a weapon that leaves huge holes in his uniform (and probably in his body), rising every time without breaths. for movies that are so bad that they become totally involuntary for entertainment. If you see it cheaply, tap yourself. This is a film that makes me mourn the disappearance of the Mystery Science Theater.
