When I was 16, I saw a documentary: "A funny thing about the moon". I really liked it and believed it for a couple of years. But then I grew up and started thinking and looking for more information. This is: more information on reel sources and non-biased sources. When I went to university, not so long ago I asked the professor of astronomy about their conspiracy theories. What he said shocked me: "He said all the theories are wrong. It confused me, I didn't believe it first, but then he provided proof of his claims. He broke up quickly about most of the theories related to the subject: "people did not hear". The most outrageous claim was that the Apollo craft could not drive through the Van-Allen radiation belt without the crew disappearing from the radiation. The truth is that Americans use a secret alloy of aluminum-anti-radiation. It is not so well known. And the exact descriptions are a secret. And why is it a secret: Well, why should they make it public? If they ride with the Russians on space, it would be very stupid to reveal that they have a new technology that can protect the team from radiation. <br /> <br /> And then all the biggest evidence is: Moon Stones. When Apollo Missions went to the Moon, they brought back several months of stone to give geologists and similar scientists who document everything from the moon. These rocks and stones come from within. For: the inner core elements, which all consist of, are also made of special isotopes that differ from the quarry to a career, the land to the earth, and the planet in particular. The isotopes of these rocks and stones have been proven to not come from the earth. Astronauts brought home one kilogram of their stones, all of which have proven to come from outside the earth and from the same planet. Ergo: Monthly landings with no fake. NASA went to another planet: the moon, although it is not a planet, but a satellite for the planet, moon (duuh). These stones are distributed to laboratories and universities all over the world. It has been proven that people went to the moon - this is a fact, pronto. <br /> <br /> But I don't worry: most conspiracy theorists are generally unemployed and uneducated, mostly because they don't know or lie about these facts. In fact, the person remains on the moon.
