This is probably the slowest vintage of the 80s that was ever understood, but how about a tough film that includes dozens of gorgeous women who have a relaxing body who is doing aerobic exercises, taking showers and exercising in a dense gym? Before playing the horror film, "Aerobicide" is a 90-minute promo video that promotes the use of steroids, silicones and other body-stimulating fitness products. If you miss out on all the hunky boys' shots that lift weights and housewives who wear their butts and racks to resist these 80's songs, it's probably only about 15 minutes. A lot of time to improvise the plot of a sadistic murderer that kills a young health freaks with a high safety pin (yes?). The film unintentionally opens with a fun scene where the girl bakes the electric solar water device. Several years later, people died in the same spa. You don't really have to be an experienced horror fanatic or missile scientist to understand that the murders and the burning gap are interconnected, are you now? The case study is a seemingly police officer (and like Charles Napier!) And a beefcake private detective who will be happy with the more beautiful beauty of the 80s I've ever seen! Looking at the credit, his name seems to be Dianne Copeland, and he did nothing but this turkey and imbecile the Troma movie "Surf Nazis Must Die". What a wasted opportunity! She may not be a big actor, but she was sure she had two more BIG benefits that would help her move up the show. The amount of gore and the effect of make-up is nothing special. We are treated with a couple of strangers who have a pin and some grilled human meat. Turning the plot to the end is ridiculous and predictable, but by then no one will take the film seriously. "Killer Workout" is recommended if you want to turn off all your brain functions overnight, but still you can watch the movie! In fact, it does an excellent double function with "Death Spa". Both movies have a lot of sexy and hardly dressed babes? and both movies are pretty stupid.
