On the surface, it seems that this film deals with a psychological process called individual, that is, how to become a true self, including the "blind" of the so-called human nature. So we have Darkling, a classic shady devil, who is desperately seeking (ie appreciation), and the story revolves around different ways of handling this need more or less successfully. <br /> <br /> However, if we dig a little deeper, we find that what this film really touches is how you should treat your car like a library to another person: - the main character in the opening picture (male car mechanic who has fallen by grace) collects bugs and pieces from car wrecks with his daughter when the car wreck slides around the little girl. Lesson 1: Cars are incarnated with immortal souls and stealing car wrecks is identical to heavy robbery. Evil has disturbed the dead and must be punished. Immediately afterwards, the second character (Rubin) buys a car wreck that is going to fix it and sell it once lost to the now-known famous car that the seller warns. Lesson # 2: Like any other person, the car has a unique identity that cannot be changed or replaced. In addition, Rubin has seen the hidden quality that most people just think of as junk, but in the end this quality is the prediction of Rubin's own personal greed for greater profit. Lesson # 3: You must never treat your car as a tool but always in itself. - Then we have a scene where the main character is introduced to Rubin and, more importantly, to Rubin's car: The main character appreciates the characteristics of the car not only on its appearance, but also on the look of the engine room. Lesson # 4: The car is not just about its appearance but what's inside that really counts. For those who do not have to take this lesson, there is a punishment, as we see in a scene where another man tries to sell Ruby a fake car. Such a scene also highlights the importance of Lesson 3. <br /> <br /> The "Car = Human" theme in the movie has several other examples, and I'm too tired to bother all of them, but the point remains (and I think that's what I'm trying to really say that this movie Have fun watching if you have nothing else to do - or if you're a car devotee.
