Beside the baby mama closure stages, one of the central characters describes everything that was before, and describes it as "all just confusion"; I really couldn't say it better. And while this feature is its odd hopeful ring over and over again, the overwhelming majority of what is present is too neutralized to be considered relevant and too important to be worthy of someone's time. The slightly cast, everyday script and vague caricature marks ensure that your baby's mother is certainly not taxable on oil, but it will never lose her sense of humor. These are mostly routine clichés jokes based on an odd couple (rich and poor) trying to live with each other when they prepare a child to bring the world, this film is too esoteric to offer laugh outside of its very thin demographic. <br /> <br /> Like a story about finding love, it's not so bad, but playing this plot line sideways to work with a comedy-oriented odd pair of tangents is very weak, resulting in a lukewarm romance that will never change . Like the characters themselves, both of the central figures in the small spaces are lightly entertained, but when they leave alone, disassemble and empty; so when we finally can find character interactions in fun times with each other, comedy will never be far from distant studs; we do not know the characters and find them naturally interesting, but rather their dynamic. Unfortunately, though, this dynamics works best or at least better than individuals, as mentioned above, rarely emerge beyond the typical limits of an odd pair. <br /> <br /> Kate (Tina Fey) is a successful business woman who has hired a working-class, buggy-blonde Angie (Amy Poehler) to be his unlikely substitute and after Angie decides to leave her desperate spouse Carl (Dax Shepard), both must finally learn to live together, despite their obvious differences. Yes, this is a typical odd couple of assumptions and what we've already seen in this year's "What's going on in Vegan," but what Baby Mama isn't, is that the above-mentioned film was between performers and semi-heroic stars. Kate and Angie will never be able to show much of their personality outside their two-dimensional contour, and as such, both performers have neglected the roles that require chemistry from thin air. In fact, the only real performance and character of the film comes from the underrated talents of the novel Malco, threatened by the doorman playing. Of the few times that a woman's mother laughed, most of these moments were due to this man, and the rest usually fell to Shepard. <br /> <br /> It's a rare thing to find a movie that embodies the themes of the script that its world is photographed and presented to us through the camera, but Head Michael McCullers is going to be effective on the page. However, for young, multi-million dollar commercial and cultural stereotypes, it is not necessarily good. The baby's mother is an A-class, hammy, plastic town with the capital in the capital. So I didn't feel emotionally far off because of their two-dimensional nature, but I just don't care about the world they were in. Dialogue, kits, costumes, and general script items are painted in pastel blues and pinks so much that all humanity's tones disappear from the driver's constant need to transform his film into neutralized fantasy; are they not characters and this is not our world in any way? so why should i care? At the end of the day, the romantic comedy will ultimately fall into the final result of success or failure only between the interests of its love and the frequency of a laugh; The baby's mother has little work in these departments. Of course, it would be unfair to say that the film is of no value. I'm sure that a female audience in a similar boat as a token Kate can easily displace a procedure, but someone else may apparently be stunned and probably bored. In this regard, Baby Mama avoids being intolerable, but never persuades her to be remarkable or worthy of viewing outside her exchange; Comic and Romantic Inconsistency, Baby's Mother is too Twilight to be Interesting and Too Low to be Fun. <br /> <br /> Jamie Robert Ward Review (http://www.invocus.net)
