I start thinking that this is a conspiracy that is right: that which includes the money paid to those who have access to the published columns of newspapers and movies and art magazines to ensure that this or that film is neglected to reach a higher status through a rating point that marks with this "universal acclaim" or something in this range, thus ensuring the movement of unsuspecting people (like me) into theaters or renting a bloody thing, waiting for a surprise to find themselves in the bathroom to get up. <br /> <br /> This movie is one of them. It has definitely made me bypass all of the articles I posted, because it is quite clear that two things have happened: did I not get such a hidden message under the inner parts of the film that it is impossible to get, or they and I we watched two completely different movies with the same name. 4 is a dirty trick for the audience. It's no wonder that it appeared and disappeared faster than saying "smorsgabord" and that, despite the rating it received for Metacritic, no one had heard of it. This is terrible on sugar. <br /> <br /> First, there is a fourth number from start to finish. Although there is little symbolism here and there is a lot of it, and it has been made in a variety of successful many well-known films, this film is stuck with it. Four dogs at the beginning of the movie, looking at the camera with an empty street so far, when the machine suddenly falls, to the foreground and begins to open the asphalt. Four people in a bar, although one of them is a non-unit. Three of them go their way, but they are connected not only with each other but with their lives. Although this concept can work, the film comes up so much - especially the story of Marina Vovchenko's playable model, which is going to be very strange, but not a good way - that the original theme will be lost in translation. Or maybe, as I said before, I just "didn't get it." The problem is also that in Marina's history it takes so much time (which turns to her sister's death, bread-chewing, not less, and the subsequent gentle grief) that any interest in natural surrealism dissipates without traces. What if the same terrible stories that the three strangers in the bar seem to have the truth? The director does not invest much time to truly associate them or to fortify a stricter story that could, in the way of David Lynchia, either cross past or alternative dimensions, or even simple, everyday science fiction. This is the ascendant battle against an insurmountable wall, which can only suffer the saint (or someone strange).
