I saw a movie at the Belgrade Film Festival last week and I'm still doing trauma. In principle, my view seems to be in line with many others - the first half hour was fresh, sharp, deep, fun and promising. Well done. Natural. My problem, however, is not just that the last half and half of the film has nothing to do with a pleasant start or that I spent most of that time in torture with tense industrial sounds and broken, untreated, bread-chewing hooks. Rather, it is that they never warned me !!! In the summary of the festival brochure, only the first half hour (completely intriguing sounding) was described - a whore, a piano tuner and a meat vendor who talked at the bar, being an advertiser, a genetic engineer and a small public official. to mention the endless smell of gums. Serves me with the right not to read the comments, you might say - but for my defense, many post-factual reviews did not emphasize the size and total intolerance of most of the film. /> <br /> The first hint should have been the introductory words of the director who stepped in front of the audience (the film seems to have been very critical, and the tickets were sold well before screening, although most audiences seemed aware because I was in the future to decide about the abundance of frightening moans and storms that have completely invaded the theater in the last six months, and many surprised comments on leaving) say: "Well, I ... um, thank you for seeing this movie and I just wanted to say ... well, that's very long movie ... it took me four years to do it, and ... it is .. I suggest you see it and try to forget it right now. It's a very long one. Thank you for coming. ' "What's he talking about?" I thought in a happy confusion. "It's fun!" Of course, when his strange apologetic comments made sense to me, it was too late. there is a growing torment until the lights come back, and finally I can't say that I feel the experience has somehow improved. Yes, I loved absolutely the first half hour. It was smart, new and had a lot to say. Russia is probably in a bad state, yes, every society has many hidden faces, yes, abandoned life in barren waste is probably unbelievably difficult. Yes yes. I get it all. I actually do. But I don't see the ground cause why art and meaning should be so embarrassing and so painful.If you want to see the land of the film that is somewhere between the fantastic and fantastic hours of bright Hollywood plastic, try Korean-Bin Jip (3-Iron). but also on-site and fun.
