MABEL RATAS is one of those films that have scenes that are more interesting than the film itself. It was Chaplin's tenth comedy Keystone with his apprenticeship year and his first two reels. Here he played one of his last role as an out-of-school teacher (though the full length of the TILLIE PUNCTION was still coming) and it also celebrated one last time he worked for a director other than his own. In fact, Chaplin's conflict with director and co-star Mabel Normand was fired in the studio. <br /> <br /> Chaplin was not with his previous ones, Henry Lehrman and George Nichols, but according to him, the last shoulder was an autobiography that was supposed to move from a "girl". Charlie and Mabel said bitterly when making this movie. Chaplin was still a newcomer to Keystone, and his colleagues didn't know what to do with him, but everyone loved Mabel. The producer, Mack Sennett, was on the verge of shooting Chaplin when he learned that the newcomers' films were closed and the exponents wanted more of them to ASAP, so Chaplin was allowed to drive himself in return for finishing the film, as Mabel wanted. br /> <br /> Unfortunately, none of this drama is on the MABEL AT WHEEL screen, which looks like a typical Keystone chaos. The story is about driving a car where the Mabel Beau (Harry McCoy) is going to compete, but Wicked Charlie and his henchmen are kidnapping the boy and Mabel has to take the wheel. For all racing routes, abduction and biting of the film are often a laugh, but there are some points of interest. There are some good cinematic works and editing in the competition, though there aren't really any gags there, but a lot of frantic action. Chaplin herself sees an odd, athletic goat-type beard and wearing the upper hat and coat she wore in her first film design, ATTENTION, but the outfit fits the old-fashioned pink she's always showing. At least this is a novel to play such an atypical role. In the stands on the race track, Keystone stalwarts, such as Chester Conklin, Edgar Kennedy's strangely dandering, and the more characteristic Mack Sennett, who spits tobacco and do his usual frenzied routine, are visible. As a performer, Sennett was as subtle as the films she produced, but you must give the guy credit: she knew what people liked. These films were very popular on their day. Mack's play doesn't add much to MABEL's RATAS, but apparently he had to film it to make sure his stars didn't kill each other.
