After reading the big comments on this film, it is clear that there are two types of participants in the scientific literature. There are those who have read well, very written and intelligent. They know the history of the genre and, more importantly, they know what he can reach the talented authors. For years, scientific literature went to the basement of literature. I think my most critical thing is that I am a little more than fast weapons and foreigners who are destined for puberty. Today's well-known fan knows this story well and knows the great authors Asimov, Heinlein, Bradbury and Ellison, who helped out such a cellar. In doing so, they created thoughtful and intelligent stories that stretched the boundaries and redefined the human condition. This well-informed fan criticizes something Hollywood throws at them. They are not critical in their own interest but are skeptical about each offer. (As they should, as the Hollywood record has been less than the stars.) For these fans, the story must be extremely important. They cannot be fooled by buggy computer graphics and non-stop sequences. If the Emperor has no clothes, they scream louder. <br /> <br /> The second type of fictional movie movers have little knowledge of the genre's written aspect. (See many of the above comments, saying, "I have not read this author or have read something like this ...) Their full exposure to science fiction is from films or Scifi channels, they are extremely critical, want to forget big plot holes, weak spaces and thin lines if they are given a healthy dose of wiz-bang action and fantastic special effects, they are actually ready to turn off their critical thinking skills (or maybe they never are!) if it is based on supposedly Asimov's short stories and named one of his novels this little Asimov wrote and even less of what he was trying to tell us about humanity and our robotic creations (those who are going to go and buy me, Rob is very surprised - this movie isn't even based on that story!) <br /> <br /> There are tremendous holes in the film, so that in some points, the boundaries of religion are stretched, I don't know how to spit them. Store your thinking skills and discover them yourself. The characters that have been named after many of Asimov's characters have no critical intelligence as a feature of his stories. The image itself, along with all of its actions, runs counter to everything the author stood for. His conviction that mankind has the ability to solve his thoughts, not their fists, is essential for understanding his future vision. In short, there is very little Isaac about their names about this movie. There are always such critical (i.e. unthinkable) people who say, "The film does not have to be like a book. Because of the media, films are sometimes necessary for making changes." But how does the film not even try to stay close to the book (or books) from the beginning? What if all of them had taken the written job, was the title? This raises the question: Why rub a large number of jobs, getting to his empty fucking? Save money and buy rights to works. The title of this is something else. Do not use the character names. Believe me, no one is blaming you for plagiarism. In fact, it does not matter what you do with an unreadable stapler who accepts everything he throws at him. But it disturbs those who read who thinks they don't just want to give them a pretty easy example. <br /> <br /> Robot, like many Hollywood genres, rejects science fiction back into the basement where he lived years ago. Hollywood couldn't do it alone. It takes a critical pointless audience who accepts such a weak dag.
