After surfing the internet, I found "Homefront" on ioffer.com DVD. Before someone was excited about burning, the DVD set I received was burned by an amateur video at home, which was recorded on my TV 15 years ago. Resolution and quality are bad. The images look like you should wait for the old video to be re-recorded. Although the ads were delivered, the final credits for each episode are still segmented by ABC Newsline, which has news headlines from the early 1990s. Even with poor picture quality, exhibitions were good and sound quality was good. The casting of this exhibition was almost perfect. Everyone was credible and actually saw this part. Their activities were also above average. The role of Jeff Metcalf is particularly well played by Kyle Chandler (last seen in the 2005 King Kong Remake). The costumes of the period were very authentic, as were the sets, especially the kitchens of the 1940s with old appliances and interior design. At that time, the TV show was also creative and different. For example, conversations between characters in other characters on another scene exchanged for the same topic. The dialogue between different conversations was kept fluid, despite being cut back and fourth between different characters and locations. This is a good direction and editing and they did it in that case. <br /> <br /> Since I started looking at this series again, I suddenly remembered why I lost interest in it 15 years ago. Despite all the fine ingredients in the exhibition, the plots and the story are disappointing and confusing from the start. First, the name of the exhibition is completely misleading. When World War II ended in 1945, there was no more fighting, so obviously there was no "homefront" anymore. Strangely enough, the first episode of "Homefront" begins in 1945 after the end of the war. It's like shooting the first episode of "Gilligan Island", showing that rescue work has been saved. The assumption of the whole name of the exhibition is completely gone. I was still hoping that the rest of the series might be modest, but not, the entire performance was from 1946 until 1948. In addition, this series is unfortunate in trying to accurately portray the historical events of the late 1940s. According to the third episode, it is obvious that this series was nothing more than a thinly hidden vehicle for an ultra-left-wing political agenda. The exhibition is set in the River Run Ohio, near Toledo. At the same time, the current theme of racism in the exhibition is that it seems more like Jackson Mississippi than Ohio. Some of the ensemble is cast by Dick Williams, Hattie Winston, and Sterling Macer Jr., who represent the Davis family. Much of the series shows that evil "whites" discriminate against the Davis family, being ridiculous and completely absurd, if not ridiculous. Racism has been played and played by Hollywood for over 40 years. We get it. We are also tired of rubbing our nose every day. The theme of racism is also unpopular with viewers, and it is a kiss of death for every show as it was for "Homefront". The Williams, Winston, and Macer talent gave their roles as a stereotyped "scared / angry black family". The wild exaggerated racism of this series makes it look like all states in Ohio were members of the FAQ or something. The issue of racism could have been dealt with in this episode in an episode where it was easy to punch in a nose or fist fight where the bigot gets well-earned beating and leaves it. Much of the series devoted to racism really becomes old, really fast and simple. <br /> <br /> Another ridiculous plot line shows the big boss of a local plant (Ken Jenkins). like Ebenezer Scrooge is similar in nature to those who are opposed to pensions and raises and is concerned that acids drip into their employees. The workers are rebelling and taking the communist pro-communist propaganda message to the factory observer. <br /> <br /> Personally, I think this series had great potential. Writers could have easily placed the schedule in 1941? 1945, as the title suggests, showed the difficulties of food and gas development and worked 14 hours a day in military factories. Of course, the loss of brothers, sons and spouses fighting abroad would have added drama. The situation was also ideal for writing in special guest stars as military or universal service workers who passed their city training or during a European or Pacific route. Good story and plots are endless. But no, Homefront writers (David Assael and James Grissom) completely ignored all relevant or interesting plots. Instead, they were totally opposed and mistaken for strange and irrelevant racism and left-wing politics. It would be unfair for the participants to condemn the whole series, but the plots and the situations in which they were placed are a complete waste.
