Yes, Kazan is one of those terribly bad films that resembles almost everything that is wrong not only with children's films but also with humanity. Here we have Shaq as a dirty genealogy - yes, a RAPPING gene, where he does everything from making bad bumps into ridiculous outfits that all end up with him in a Christ-like position with lots of light around him. So, wait, wait for the really cheesy bits, including the first wish that he has a lot of junk food that falls from the sky (and unfortunately not the two main characters, especially the child). What may not be expected is that the child with Shaquille O'Neill and the child would be so incredible! The main plot of the film is the child, who was played in this over-typical and annoying boy-fashioned Frank Capra (if this boy hugs his dialogue angry) grandson who arrives by the gene who has been stuck in the boom. Then "hiarity ensues" when a child makes a Shaq gene in his quasi-slave when he waits for his last two desires when he tries to change his shadowy gang-type absentee father. <br /> <br /> A really gentle, viable son and father's story would be bad enough because there are certain lines that have been published in a million other films (ie "two ways in life" call from father to son). But this is Shaquille O'Neill, who is both the reason for the movie (ironically) and the obvious sinking of it all. His plot line includes him if he does not receive Capra's over-voting treatment, shake in dialogue and start his flourishing recording career. In addition, he also captures the ass and takes the names of the main bad guys who want him back in the boom. Is there a camp factor for the movie? Up to the point, but it is even struck with all the forging scenes and "heart-sensitive" moments that are not really related to the rest of the material. One might wonder if the filmmakers who obviously did it at the request of the popularity of the BASKETBALL player, who wanted to go ahead with the bandwagon in Michael Jordan, if it were somewhere fun or convincing. I hope they also know they just pay. But I still hope they felt at least a little guilty about feeding the Shaq machine. <br /> <br /> So if you want Shaq's fun evening as a genie-turned rapper-wisecracker, the more fun for you. Hell, it might even be interesting to Shaq's film night with this and his other critically acclaimed efforts at Steel. But if you hope to keep some brain cells away from what is probably the worst in 1996?
