The review of KAZAAM and the fact that it is a bad film is not at all difficult - ultimately the critics fell asleep at the time it appeared, saying it was one of the worst films of the decade! So the fact that I say it's bad or someone else says it's bad is definitely not surprising. It's like someone talking about World War II - practically no one says it was a good thing, right? The question I have and no place in IMDbis can say that this is "why did they do it first?!". After all, it is obvious to anyone who is not seriously injured in the brain to make the film terrible. But movies like ED (baseball), COOL AS ICE (playing Vanilla Ice), TROLL 2 (not even trolls), BABY GENIUS (Einstain-like superhero babies) and PINOCCHIO OUTDOOR (huh!?!) Prove that any idea, no matter how stupid, gets it on the big screen! So, the best best basketball player of the time seems to be "normal" as a giant little brat. <br /> <br /> The movie begins with a child who is quite dull, writing in the closets in the hallway. Like a boy FREE or, this child is somehow "misunderstood" (in other words, a complete brat) and you know that no matter how selfish and terrible he is, at the end of the film he has learned something and grown up. Just once, I want to see a punk-boy to get to the end of the movie or to death! Finally, while the neighbors' tempters are in the middle, Kaza (Shaquille O'Neal) is accidentally released and demands that it be given three wishes. But the boy doesn't believe him AND the magic of the gene seems then rusty. <br /> <br /> Finally, the brat realizes that Kazan is real. But unlike most children, he misses his wishes, while in the meantime Kazan is forced to follow him everywhere - like his personal servant. And according to the cliché, you know that by the end of the movie Max and Kazaam have become lifelong friends and a bunch of tears. Oh, and Max has come to an agreement with his missing father and mother's groom (I'm going gag). Obviously, this genie is a bit of a social worker in addition to making the wishes bigger. <br /> <br /> As for Kazama, Shaquille speaks a lot of movies in the car and even takes a break ... very badly. I'm a middle-aged white man and I think I can at least rap! He's an amazing basketball player and I've heard he's a nice boy - but a rapper ... somehow! As far as his actions are concerned, he was not great, but he had such a nice personality in the film that it was difficult to hate him - even when he did a lot of stupid things to him. <br /> <br /> So the movie is terribly terrible when you've probably heard it? in the first two thirds of the movie, I would have said no. Shaquille seemed to have tried his best with an unlikely child and a bad script. But later in the film, it becomes bad scary - if Kaza seems too concerned to help the child if he really needs it. And now the plot is pulled out really, really strange - as a boy who wants to make Kazama's rap star (?!?!), Is an evil mobster! And, strangely enough, it seems that this man accepts Kazaam as a hesitant gene! <br /> <br /> In addition, the last part of the movie consists of people trying to kill Max and his father. I know the boy was annoying but it should be a kid's movie !! What part of "trying to kill a boy" wasn't the writers realizing?!? Then Kazaam ends up as a god or something that will ultimately make this history the worst child movie and it was all like drug-induced hallucinations! This end was even sad and terrible, as if what was black ... and boy, did it hurt my brain! Uggghh - terrible dialogue was just too much to wear !!! <br /> <br /> Generally speaking, this is a terrible movie, mainly due to writers who were really crazy. Yes, people with a messy message, bizarre friendly material, and terrible signs are one of the wretched films. Unfortunately, considering ideas and actors, it is hard to imagine that the final product gets much worse !! By the way, if you want to see a gene in a modern world movie that is good, try the British made the TV movie "Bernard and Genie" - a charming and exceptionally well-written movie from start to finish.
