This 1996 film was the first adaptation by Jane Eyre, which I had ever watched and when I did it, I was terrible. So many of the novels were left out, and I thought William Hurt was terribly uneven as Rochester. Since then, I've watched all the other remarkable adjustments to the novel, '44, '70, and '97 in three short versions, and '73, '83, and 2006 in three small series, and I've noticed that the adjustments are worse and worse by Rochesters. <br /> <br /> This is undoubtedly the finest adaptation of Jane Eyre in cinematography. Director Franco Zerifferelli rejoices in the beautiful long snowfall that falls from the sky in winter, with a single Rochester standing by the stone and Jane looking out of the window - but he is less good at telling and bringing characters to life. In addition, his script simply scratches the surface of the novel, leaving out many important scenes. As a result, the film does not show the depth and complexity of the relationship between Jane and Rochester, and unfortunately it does not include their relationship with the humorous side. There are a number of short conversations between Rochester and Jane, each of which is beautifully staged, but the few sentences they exchange are not enough to show the audience that they are targeting each other. We know they should fall in love, but we never see it. The scene where Rochester wants to know Jane's reaction to his dilemma by placing his case on a hypothetical form before leaving the wounded Mason is completely lost and farewell to the scene, the most important scene - the summit novel has been reduced to four sentences. Zerifferelli does not make the mistake that other scriptwriters have done to replace their poor writing for Brontë's excellent lines, nor have they made crucial scenes completely re-written, but it makes less offensive, but finally makes the same big mistake by leaving many important scenes out. There's only a novel that doesn't justify Charlotte Brontë's masterpiece. <br /> <br /> There is a mixed pot: although Fiona Shaw is a great lady, Anna Paquin's young Jane is more outrageous, stabing Lolita as a lonely little girl for love. More and more trustworthy Joan Plowright makes a very nice, but too nice Mrs Fairfaixi, and there can be no feeling that Billie Whitelaw should play the village's witch rather than just appearing and hardworking Grace Party. However, Charlotte Gainsbourgh, as an adult heroine, is the physically perfect choice for playing Jane Eyre. Looking at every 18-year-old, thin and weak, with irregular and strong qualities, he is closest to my inner vision of Jane as no other actor. And for the first 15 minutes of the screen, she was fascinated by her performance. Gainsbourgh leads well to let the audience think of the inner fire and strong will hidden behind a stoic mask. But, unfortunately, the script never permits a more passionate and lively aspect of Jane's character. As a result of so many scenes leaving and shortening dialogues, depicting Gainsbourghi from Jane must necessarily be incomplete and ultimately unsatisfactory. It is a pity, because for a better script, Charlotte Gainsbourgh could have been as good as Jane as in Zelah Clarke's 83 version. <br /> <br /> Although it is clear that Gainsbourgh is trying to play Jane, there are no traces of William Hurt in the footsteps of Rochester. Hurt, who has proved to be a fine actor in many good films, must be aware that he was physically and typically so uncomfortable that he did not even try to play the novel Rochester. His Rochester is soft and silly, besides blonde and blue eyes, gentle and unusual, slightly spicy and eccentric, but basically benevolent and light. He is so far away that he is not buggy, moody, and gloomy, that the lines that point to these features of his character sound completely ridiculous. In addition, Hurt's facial expression leaves many moments to wonder whether he is fighting the acute attacks of sleep disorders. Particularly in the scene of the proposal, he feels like a general anesthetic patient and hardly can keep his eyes open. When you compare your Rochester novel with a powerful and charming protagonist, simply breaking the energy and temperament, it is no wonder that many viewers are disappointed with Hurt's performance. However, he is less offensive to me than Rochesters '70, '97 and 2006, and I would generally be higher than those three Jane Eyre. Hurt clearly had the notion that he could not be a Rochester novel and therefore did not try to do it while George C. Scott, Ciaràn Hinds and Toby Stephens thought they could, but failed, and I would rather look at Rochester than Rochester who has played badly. And I rather look at Jane Eyre's film, which omits many novel lines, but does not invent new versions that use modernized dialogues that sound like today's couple at Starbucks. Of course, this is Jane Eyre's failure, but at least it is unpleasant, which is more than one that can say '97 and 2006 adjustments. That's why I don't want anyone to see this adaptation: you can't find Jane Eyre, but at least you'll find a beautifully made movie.
