... and you can look at this statement differently, by the way. First of all, it's confusing because of all the terrible and extremely violent scenes. Your most wild imagination is not even close to any of the explicitly shown scenes. All parts of this movie are just sick, nasty, offensive, brutal, and they bring your guts near you. Now, I love horror films and I'm very violent, but I think it has to lead somewhere !! Is it too much to ask? The deviation of fear is just a series of sick and twisted thoughts. "Film" contains four separate chapters related to the surrounding story. This results in the endless display of torture, murder and illness only to find out that the victims have something in common. Not very informative when you ask me. And yet - this has to be said - the idea of ​​the main points is definitely the HAS potential. It is about a cannibalistic hypnotist who engaged the devil himself to apologize and cause misery and death to all who participated in his trial. Personally, I think this is an interesting topic, so they should have focused a little more on it rather than ever wanting to create the most disgusting movies. <br /> <br /> Secondly, the creation of this movie was confusing. They didn't have much budget, and they all spent it on the false blood and guts ... Tones of it! Performance shows are a joke and some of the worst I've ever seen. Any other special effects other than the make-up look very amateurish (as it does for example a realistic car accident). There is no tension or atmosphere to detect anywhere ... not even an attempt to build. <br /> <br /> The cradle of fear is a failure and the least said opportunity. The death metal icon in the presence of Danni Filth (from the Cradle of filth..get link?) This film is obviously only meant for the twisted teenagers who try to be controversial. The worries and the girls who rejoice with their parents worry about it like that. And then people complain that the number of suicides and juvenile delinquency increases ... Bah. I can imagine that this film can cause a lot of damage if you have easily affected or eliminated the unstable mind. Every movie is a self-respecting horror fan for every movie.
