The Cradle of Dread <br /> <br /> This is not a film where our attention is focused on complex, sensitive natural nuances. This is not a movie where special effects should leave us with relaxed words that tell us what it means. But it is part of the lo-fi goth's horror, which leaves little to the imagination created in the eyes of the director Alex Chandon as "the uproar of the 70s and 80s". <br /> <br /> This is a very visceral experience for 2 hours, where four plot lines are connected through a lot of watery blood, broken body parts and guts of the guts that are associated with the vengeance of revenge. The author of this terrible violence is Dani Filth, the leader of the metal band Cradle of Filth, who plays the role he had to play. <br /> <br /> As others have said, there is nothing new if you want to lead an occult revenge. In this particular context, the convicted sexual predator and murderer, the father of our devilish aveng angel, forces his son to punish those who, in some sense, are related to his conviction of being crazy in the shelter. What it says is Chandon, who should also be congratulated for this penny and editing, to let his sick feel free to go. He seems to be delighted with the idea that blood is swollen into the openings on the screen and into every power source. We are also being treated for skull ruptures, demonic rape and other images to involve those who enjoy their near and personal horror. And for some of those who are watching this type of film carefully, there is an odd order that you may think, "I just saw what I thought I did," because of course the woman is not. It reminds me of some Italian fears created about 20-30 years ago and many other works where nasty images have left their mark but not the context in which they were viewed. The set story 4 is particularly intriguing when the idea of ​​their obsession can ultimately lead to death when searching for Internet violence through a "hospital room" where the user can control how life can be crowded out. The additional confirmation should also provide a heavy-duty soundtrack that allows Filth to use its day-to-day talent and use of drums and bass that are often neglected in making films as a visual support. Using London as a background with real people as a stand-ins for a movie, it also adds a sense of film command. OK, the classic may not be, but blood, bold, intestines, occult and demons are a bit perverse unhelpful way.
