Did anyone who dealt with this film, especially the director, think of the story's logic? These are not just plot-holes, but the graves of plots that are becoming deeper when we lose sympathy with the main character and its situation. This means that if you are kind enough, the viewer will usually ignore the fact that these characters are either the servants of the tombstone or the boring and unlikely. Or, for Downey & Hannah characters, probably superfluous. Thinking about the presence of a Downey character in the screen, I decided that the director had liked his character and unnecessarily increased the time of the screen (unlikley because the director did not change anything about the script, really needed) or that his character should be sacrificed on the poor drawing altar. I'll leave you guessing what it should be. <br /> <br /> I had to check the DVD disc cover to confirm that it was really made by trusted talents. I don't understand why Robert Altman is doing this job. It certainly has a certain ability to choose and choose. In fact, I don't understand why anyone could take this script, except for the first-time manager who is looking for experience. <br /> <br /> I think Robert Downey Jr needs money for his habit. I think Kenneth Branagh wanted to try the south accent. I think Robert Duvall only got a few pages of script and thought that a separate role sounded intriguing. These are the only motivations I see to force good actors to take on the role in this film. As for Robert Altman, he has made a lot of effort to make the film fantastic. I found that I noticed that he was such a scene, or that he used an orange float on another organ to draw eye movements, or put a nice filter to create a specific mood. In fact, I do not mean movies in such matters, because most of the movies that I do struggle with a good story and motifs that can be understood by interesting characters. I only looked at it to the end, because I was looking at this cover of the DVD with a ridiculous element of optimism, and I was convinced that because of the talent involved there had to be some redemption factor. <br /> <br /> Nice direction. But that's not why I watch movies.
