I had read many good things about customizing my favorite novel ... so my expectations were always broken. But they were broken more than expected. The film would have been a decent film if I hadn't read this novel before, which perhaps destroyed it for me. <br /> <br /> In any case, for some reason, they made Toulon's work camp full of galley slaves. The bishop at Myreli was good. In fact, except for the galleys, things remained until the release of Fantine. Because we don't want bad things to happen to a good woman, she won't cut her hair, sell her teeth, or become a prostitute. The worst he runs in the mayor's office and spits on his face. Bamatabois is completely eliminated. Since the marriage of children should not be spoken of, Tholomyes is a dead wife of Fantine rather than an irresponsible dandy. Valjean will be able to pull Cosette to Fantine before Champmathieu, so they will be happy, another change. Then the monastery comes in quite complicated. Fortunately, it was saved. After this three-minute accuracy, the film will start working again with Classic Novel Butchering. <br /> <br /> Cosette and Valjean drive through the park, meeting with Marius. About prison reform. When he reaches out to fly and Cosette flyers, he says in the film one line that made me scream with the TV. "We're not revolutionary." I heard Victor Hug in his grave. CURRENCY REQUIREMENTS ARE THE TASK! They want a rebellion against the pseudo-monarchy that exists in favor of another republic, you foolish scriptwriters! It is a historical fact that in 1832 the government was rebelled. <br /> <br /> At one point, Cosette will give Marius a donation to donate to reform and will respond to Eponine. Except ... not Eponine. Or at least not the book Eponine. It seems that this Eponine is a well-functioning secretary girl working with prison reformers (who work at Cafe Universalis as opposed to Cafe Musain). Not to mention the fact that the audience doesn't like her due to her non-periodic, low-cut, tightly sticky dress and her nervous mode. that I've ever seen) decide that sharing brochures is no longer good enough. So they build barricades. I do not know about you, but I have never heard about the movement of reforms that are sticking up the streets and building barricades and attacking government forces. About three hundred people (it shouldn't have been so much) will start attacking the National Map and building a number of barricades, etc. Eponine dies for Marius happily. <br /> <br /> The rest of the movie is exactly accurate, except that Javert's suicide seems hard to understand again due to his minuscule screen time and odd character. The movie ends with Valjean, who watches Javerti jump on the river. This is again inaccurate because Valjean would never have given Javert a drowning. He saved a person's life earlier, why did he now die? Then there is the confession of all the valley to Marius, his deterioration and his salvation in his graveyard with Marius and Cosette by him. <br /> <br /> In general, I can blame the script mainly for problems. Although I am glad that Enjolras and Eponine were at least in the film, they were terribly misinterpreted, as did the whole barricade scene. Eliminating Fantine's suffering prevents us from feeling too much harm. This Cosette knows that Valjean's past is a good deal from the start. I didn't even see Sees and Mme. Then there was only a few seconds of screen time. Same for Gavroche. But I liked the interpretation of Frederich's Valjean in March, which was one of the redemptive qualities of the film. On the other hand, Charles Laughton, for all his great acts in other films, seems to have missed Javert. Lips trembling, unnecessary shouting, and his acting generally felt very wrong. He, like many of the Jews I have seen, did not appear to be threatening at all, something that needs character. <br /> <br /> Again, this movie seems to be much better than I wouldn't have read the book. I would not recommend to book it with sails. I would also say that the film would have been a good adaptation to the time when the notorious French-language version wasn't noticeable last year.
