When I tell people that I watch movies as a hobby, the first thing they say is "What do you think about this and such a movie?" Here are a couple of problems. First of all, there is a chance that I have not seen it, and so I violate my reputation. Secondly, I could understand this movie in the trash without knowing it was actually their favorite. Finally, I could watch DVDs so they can evaluate their opinions. So I think I sat before the "monastery", which is a movie that I would completely ignore, but I can't avoid it. It is unfortunate that this honestly horrible "horror" is about as scary as a kitten. <br /> <br /> Following well-worn clichés, the "monastery" focuses on students from American schools. abandoned monastery on a mission to get stoned, sparsely spiced. But you never think what happens next? A group of cannibalistic demonic nuns appear on horse nets that select the children one by one in the classic horror movie tradition. Does any of them survive and, more importantly, do you have any worries about better things? <br /> <br /> The only thing that saves the "monastery" from wasting time is the fact that no one takes it seriously except Coolio's strange firing point as a hyperactive policeman with a itchy trigger finger. It's too amusing to be a very scary - zombie-cheerleader, who makes noises for no reason, day-glo-color work that appears when a zombie changes - but what really scares you is that you can instantly tell someone to jump and kill . But even if they try, I doubt that it would work - demonic nuns carrying a kind of make-up that the Buffy Vampire Slayer would see on TV is not really scary. The most frightening thing about this film is that over 10% of voters gave it the maximum result. I know I know it's funny, but I hardly share my party. Frankly, I've had more fun in dentistry. <br /> <br /> "Monastery" is not really a horror movie. It's more of a comedy horror like "Scary Movie" or "Shaun Of The Dead", but you laugh instead. I can honestly say that no one except the cast and the team's family, but even then I doubt that they would enjoy it. I don't like "so bad that it's a good" genre - I personally feel that if filmmakers can't be tempted to save turkey, I shouldn't let the gut that tries to look at it. Yes, it is a bad film and yes, they should have gone home and done something more constructive. For example, Rubik's Cube. The DVD box has two price tags - one for £ 4.99 and a lower price for £ 3. But it was sold for 1 pound and it should tell you everything you need to know about this blow, cheap, tiring, bad stroke. Sorry if you like it, but the "monastery" is really a sacred holy place.
