Dreadful. Schlocky. Just terrible and terrible. Let's face it when you sit down to look at something called the Double-D Avenger, so you don't expect great art or even a little mainstream entertainment. You probably expect a type of cult film and maybe get some impressive busts. You really don't get any of them from the video. A story that is in line with most of these types is a man: Kitten Natividad leads a local pub, finds he has breast cancer, flies to South America for a fruit that claims to be a panacea for any disease and super-human capability, returns and struggles that are dressed as a Double-D Avenger, a local club club who wants to bring out the race. As the stories go, I have seen much worse, but as the other reviewer said, execution is terrible. There are no zip, no drive, no motivation and no tissues in the phases of action. Acting is not even properly campy and dialogue is mines. Something, and I mean NOT funny funny hand pointers from funny punches. Everyone could be forgiven if the girls could make up for it, but they all stay short. Kitten, Haji, and Raven de la Croix are all pretty older (still lovely in their own way), but they don't offer anything and do not turn into what they are trying to be: older, career cartoons of their former. Instead, they see both flat and desperate - more because they are "starred" rather than their own abilities. There are other beautiful women, but you don't really see anything. The PG-13 could definitely be an appropriate rating for this. The material, the actors and the director are all tired, tired and dated - and again - NOT! It was a brutal hour and sat through it, and it's a shame when I was expecting something fun and fun. The man who played Bubba was the only real laughter for me. Not that he was happy at all, but every time he opened his mouth, I thought he was very terrible. A bright spot here at all, Mr Sci-fi himself, Forrest J. Ackerman, plays the wax curator of the museum and talks Frankly to Frankie with his wax. Apart from being a complete bust - now, how is it another tired, terrible, trick!
