I looked at it a few days ago so the details become blurry. The movie is recorded with cameras, many of which were made at the time it was originally released, because we did not have many studio pictures in this way. I can't help but feel that it was a trick rather than something that aims to make the audience see that what we see on the screen hasn't provided all the compromises that have been with the big budget, and so was more "real". But what we have here is nothing more than a complete metal jacket in the first half, so anyone who has seen it or some other hanging from it knows what to do with the main problem was for me stereotypical characters whose weeds children from their depths left, close harmonious songs, ebonics carved out of black dynamics, tired sergeants, bitter and twisted psychos, etc. .. everything is placed in situations that give the most friction and tension at any time. Maybe it was deliberate to emphasize the stupidity and injustice of the situation, maybe it was lazy or maybe it was just a commission that tried to turn to the biggest audience, all I know was annoying. One new thing was a mixture of volunteers and developers (where all the characters would normally be forced to get into the situation), although the scenes between only two main characters play a lot. It seems to be the main turning point of the plot, where volunteers reach their minds and the manufacturers acquire the sense of duty and self-esteem, but all of this takes place quite forcibly. Another big mistake was how all the characters (except the psychos and the actual softies) react to every inevitable conflict with the first threat of aggression and violence that faces Farrell's stoicism right now, immediately and all. reasonable and diplomatic. <br /> <br /> I think if I have to find a plus, it would have two strong and very convincing leadership positions, given the formal nature of the characters. t too harsh. <br /> <br /> With my imagination, Bozz grew to be Zeke's, and it would be more fun to watch 4 episodes for my money.
