I am a student of film and have been for several years. And the concept of cyber, kung-fu, satirical chimpanzee had thought to me: "Is that the film that breaks the coin?" Let's face it, America has never been detained by any cinema equipped with simian costar. classics like "Monkey Trouble" and "Dunston Checks In" thought the best ideas have already been taken, but then "Funky Monkey." I laughed, shouted, I was thinking of suicide. <br /> <br /> Now I have read the demons but it does not explain why somebody causes such evil. First I realized that at least a pleasant intelligence was that the chimpanzee was actually a monkey, not a monkey at all. However, I was sure the filmmakers would eliminate this problem even further in the film. Let me summarize this work of art: ZIT has decided to train chimpanzees as soldiers. Why? I think they are talking about banana-working soldiers, but as one-chimp training s going to cost about $ 13 million in government money, it doesn't seem to be cost effective. Anyway, Z.I.T. leads CIA specialist (Matthew Modine) to train Clemens (The Chimp). Clemens is all about Z.I.T. hope. He can take all the guardians exchange, all of whom seem to have received their training skills in a local mall, but still can remind us to watch the child's film. As you thought, Modine finds Z.I.T. intentions may be evil (Gasp!) And decides to break out of Clemens. Being a CIA agent and all, Modine knows that the best way to get lost is to go to a big city, rent a guest room, regularly show off on crime and use controls to pay for everything. <br /> ZIT explains where Modine is staying and sends the two best to restore her. These guards are probably the biggest comedy team from Martin and Lewis or was it Turner and Hooch? It's not important anyway, because after all, good guys will get tired! Yes! For Hooray Predictability! Throw a kid who is learning to be himself, a lonely mother who needs a date, and a music assembly with songs that even Radio Disney would blend in and you get "Funky Monkey". The climax of the movie? Football Game! Playing with thugs, bunches, simpans and nerd boy. No one seems to care about such substitutions in high school football. <br /> <br /> Funky Monkey will never let you up! This is the edge of your seating entertainment. Some may even call it "American Beauty" of monkey-like functions. After this epic, I recalled that I heard a story about a railway worker who lost a lot of his brain functions when a metal rod pierced his time gap. Funky Monkey is a metal rod among movies.
