I live in Ottawa, where this film was made and I really want it not to be. This is one godly flick. I'm really trying to support independent movies, but this stigma has been added to every indie and this stigma is: Indie Films Blow. Well, this movie doesn't change that curse. The actor, writer, director Brett Kelly does little to make a contribution to the genre, but rather retreats from tired clichés from the past. I am really tired of the threatening evil characters that lurk unsuspectingly in the shadows and hope, it is too redundant. <br /> <br /> I remember one scene, especially near the end, where the whole scene is illuminated with headlights. Some may now say that it was the effect used to create the mood and the tension, but unfortunately it was the presentation of the budget of the film cadet. Like the film that dares to call itself a horror, the viewer finds that he finds the real gate, except for a scene that contains corn syrup and red food. <br /> <br /> The biggest thing that pulls this movie down is the lack of pace and character development, the main picture being that children are kidnapped and parents have to watch their Bonesetter return to their children before a certain time has passed. Not that this concept throws me, but I didn't really believe that if the two main characters, both lost children, find the time to work with each other. This is done in such a short time that it is unthinkable, my first priority would be to get my daughter back and at least get to know the lady before getting to know her. The last point I have is .... and I don't hold it against Kelly, but the film is a completely boring, emotional video, and it really takes away all the tense moments that would just have shifted to a movie style. Although this movie became a million dollar makeover and repeated the story and dull action and flatness, it couldn't hold that movie. My only hope is that something will happen to prevent Brett Kelly from following what has been reported on his website, the sequel that was written in one session half. <br /> <br /> The Lord helps us all.
