When I saw Mary Louise Parker associated with this epic novel, I became interesting. As a fan of the book, I thought he was playing Tony, Roz or Char, but most of the time I was interested to see how they would turn this very, almost psychological (but not psychological thriller) novel into a movie accessible to those who didn't read the novel, and it would be at least somewhat satisfactory for those who were. The book is a complex reflection of society, women, and modern life, and I was interested in how they used the 3 different narratives that led to the opening of the story in the film. What they actually did was a crime. <br /> <br /> The biggest mistake and confusing issue is: Why should oxygen, a network that advertises to women, take an amazing book about how complicated, wonderful and terrible women are and can be and make the main winner from 3 women to some former a policeman who doesn't have the real motive to get involved? It seemed that the person who had adapted it was a simple way out, using this man straight, ask Roz, Tony and Charis how they knew Zenia, and in doing so they rushed to most of the book. In doing so, even though they rebelled the story and cut everything that was big with the characters in it, they would be left out so that the audience couldn't believe anyone. In the film, these women are not people, they are characters. <br /> <br /> Zenia's book fools her death, but the book mentions that to get this point, while the film left 30-45 minutes, focusing on the former policeman who runs around and doesn't use anything. They tried to turn this complex into Law and Order or CSI. <br /> <br /> It turns out that Mary Louise Parker played Zenia, which was so wrong. Zenia is a type of Catherine Zeta-Jones, Angelina Jolie or even Scarlett Johnasson. She is a woman who cannot be admired, and a woman who is interested and threatened by women, but "keep your enemies closer". And when he gets closer, he feels completely genuine and worthy of trust, despite your better judgment. She is a woman who, even when she loses, wins: she is still beautiful, still rich and there are still people who don't know her game. <br /> <br /> In Zenia, he didn't take a Charise man (a blonde American draft who first used the Char ...) but in August and tried to become his legal guardian (and apparently came back to his lesbian lover who had a kiss in a cafe means). And Zenia killed the chickens before leaving in August, but it didn't make sense because all of its buildups were removed. It would be like someone who would have written the script, grabs his shoulders to satisfy those who read the book, but I think if I hadn't read the book, I would have been confused by the whole film if I had bothered to stop it Rozi's husband was dead before Zenia came to the picture (which was strange because Zenia took the Rozi business and home book, which is why Roz hated him so much) and he and Zenia had conspired to kill Roz's wife years and years ago. And, according to Tony and West, they had been forever ... even in the party where Zenia and West (in the book) had painted the whole place black and they made Tony a completely (and evil, damn) person whom everyone always respected for his intelligence and against it. Tony's character was so wrong in this film ... he seemed a little psycho and a champion who was under any smuggling, contrary to what he had been in the book. The film basically reflected smart women, evil women are evil, powerful women are evil, and women who teach yoga are behind their racers. terribly when he was in the book, and then three women convince the former policeman (who of course will meet Zenia during this investigation and have a thing with him that should end with them, moving to Barbados or something ridiculous, of course Zenia sliding) (what they found in the splat hotel where he was, but the film suggests that one of the three women pushed him on the balcony or joined it to do it ...) and then Zenia managed to take away all Rozi's money in the process. By the end of the movie, I was just half-paying attention to the b / c ads he had so far in space if it could and should have been. <br /> <br /> The film's decay, maybe you would like it because I've read the book and seen the movie, and I'm just ridiculously confused about the movie. It was terrible. I get that making a movie from this book is quite a task, but when you start doing this, you should start with what is not needed in the book, instead of creating a meaningless character to be in our Alice Wonderland. <br /> <br /> Do you really have more fluffy books that Oxygen could do at least half of the good TV movies?
