* Warning - There is no plot spoiler, but movie spoilers ... \ t * My important other hired it for me, I thought it would be a fantastic romance with all the stars. Wow - very, very wrong. This film is a superfluous, overwhelmed, and too sentimental pretext to release a theatrical film thirteen years after being filmed. The date of copyright in the box was said in 2005, but in the first post-setback sequence, I watched clothes and haircuts that were supposed to be in the early 1960s, and I noticed that especially girls wear dresses and hair in the late 80s and early 90s. It seems that it would have come a good 15 or 20 years before the rest of the movie! I tried the comfort that it was modest and therefore had to look old, but it seemed WWWWWWWAAAAAAAAAAAYYYYYYYYYYYY more from the 80s than the 60s or even the 21st century when he was trying to be the 60s ... then an adult gambler happens to look like a boy played in the setback (but it is a different, much older character whose youngsters are visible in setbacks). I was completely confused until I saw a short film in special functions - all the sequences that were shot in 1990 as a full-length movie with the same title as this movie! It also includes comments that include a little boy who has all grown up (and actually worked as a collaborator in the 2005 scenes). So this film is just a story around an old, cut-off pupil film, which is obviously an excuse for getting it for the current time of the theater. The story made in 2005 is mostly about a man who has lost his wife and finds healing and salvation in the dance class that he promises to a dead person he is present on (something promising to death) about the beginning of the 1960s for his girlfriend that they meet On the fifth day of the fifth millennium of the new millennium - an excuse to circumvent the old film of 2005?) These new scenes and plots may have been OK, except for the terrible, too sentimental score that repeats the ad museum with the breakthrough of almost every new scene and new movie. Don't bother. There is a reason why you have never heard of this movie, even though it has a known pain - it's terrible.
