And I repeat, please don't watch this movie! This is more than a review. This is a warning. It sets a record for the worst, most easily made comedy. At least for most of the recent contemporary comedies, gags are raw and flat, but writers and directors put them at least funny. I never get tired of repeating my favorite motto: everyone thinks they can do comedy and only 10 percent of them are right. Comedy is hard! It is not a genre that a stupid can play. I think filmmakers will compare this garbage with "Kentucky Fried Movie". Basically, these bosses compare their so-called comic talents with the brilliant Jim Abraham and Zucker Brothers. Come on, I've seen Pauly Shore's movies that are 10 times more fun than "The Underground Comedy Movie." Here is an example of comedy wishing to see this movie: One chart includes a superhero dressed like a penis called D ** kman. The whole joke is that he wins his enemies with sperm. That's it. This is the whole joke. Wow. It is enough to make a carrot top roll out your eyes. The second scheme includes a man who has sex with a dead person in a porn film. And in the second figure, there is a bag of lady beauty, where we have been hit by bikini-covered middle-aged women with shoulders and stretch marks. In addition, making the homeless more fun is more sad than funny. It is a mockery of the mentally disabled. The whole movie must be satire. I think the filmmakers forgot that the main element of the satire ... is true! For everyone who really enjoyed this mess, explain to me what is right about these Gags! Some sketches may be funny on paper, but anyone who has taken any of the screen writing classes knows that if it looks too funny on paper, it probably isn't funny on the screen. If I say to someone big, black, muscular gay virgin who saves himself for the right person, he will probably laugh. However, viewing the space played on the screen for about 10 minutes is a complete drag. I hate how every time people criticize such a small comedy that he is not funny, they are detained as squares. I recently saw "white chicks". This is another low-eyed, politically wrong comedy, but I laughed at my head. The most offensive "The Underground Comedy Movie" is that it's not funny! What writers and directors don't understand is that dirty and tasteless doesn't work. There must be more! Just think of the famous scene "There's something about Mary" (ironically, enough bozo filmmakers put Farrelly on their special gratitude). The joke about sperm was not just funny because it involved body fluids. There was a gathering there. Ben Stiller masturbated in the bathroom to make sure he didn't go out with a "loaded gun". Then he looked around to see where all the sperm went after it was released. The door has a knock and he has to answer it. Her date, Mary, is at the door and that is when it turns out that the sperm is hanging on Ben's ear. There are a number of gags in this movie that involve taking sperms from people in humans without ever having grown up. As Jay Leno always says, "This comedy is not that easy, isn't it?" Remember this, Vince Offer, because you were not cut off for this genre! The only reason people laugh at them is because they want to feel their hip. Let's face it, nowadays this hip is laughing at something politically wrong. I know comedy is subjective ... but this movie shouldn't be funny for anyone except perhaps the filmmakers themselves. The film had to be made half-full before Michael Clarke Duncan's fame in films like "Armageddon" and "The Green Mile". There can be no other reason why his caliber actor should be volunteered to be part of this amateur show. All other directors are non-actors, actors, or B-star stars. Karen Black gave the impression of "Five Simple Pieces," but I don't think she's anything valuable ever since. Slash was probably stunned in this movie. Gina Lee Nolin has nothing without "Baywatch". Angelyne is the biggest star in the film (keeping in mind that Duncan was not famous at that time) and there are still probably many people who haven't heard of it. Normally I support flickes with extremely low budgets, but it deserves to be drifted into the dark. I hope it doesn't become a cult class! Shouldn't there be a law against sharing such nonsense?
