Again, I've seen a movie made by people who don't know anything. I recently looked through Baby Face Nelson. Now I've seen Dillinger and I've had it. <br /> <br /> This movie is a garbage. I don't know how anyone in their right sense could compare it to a classic like Bonnie and Clyde. This movie is far from classic. Someone called it brilliant. It's a crazy thing to say. This movie doesn't get any facts straight and it is the worst pain I've ever seen. I don't know what the dark idea was about pouring Warren Oates into John Dillinger. First he sees something similar to him. Second, by the time John Dillinger was killed, he was 31. When Oates did, he was 45 years old! You can even say he's older than a real Dillinger, but looking at him. He was not only old but also Ben Johnson as Melvin Purvis. <br /> <br /> They show Baby Face Nelson's death, then Homer Van Meter and finally John Dillinger. John Dillinger was killed before both. The last one who died of the three was Baby Face Nelson. Writers do not only know when they died, but they also do not know how they died. The baby's face was not killed by Nelson after he escaped from a small Bohemia. Homer Van Meter was not killed by field guns with pistols. Homer Van Meter was at the corner of police St. Paul and fired the machines. Another Dillinger gang member, Harry Pierpont, is shown by the police in this film. Pierpont didn't shoot. Harry Pierpont was arrested and sentenced to death at an electric chair. I'm going with what happened to Baby Face Nelson in my Baby Face Nelson review, so I'm not going to go here again. Let me add that depicting Richard Dreyfuss' Baby Face Nelson is pathetic. There's a scene where he attacks Dillinger and gets bad. While Dillinger beat him, he wept as a child and shouted, "Leave me alone!" Baby Face Nelson and John Dillinger never won. Maybe Dillinger did not agree with Nelson's methods of bank robbery, but they never won. Nelson never shouted like a little girl during beating. They call him Lester "Baby Face" Nelson. He was never known by his name in his life. Nelson's real name was Lester Gill and he changed his name to George Nelson. The black man who fled from prison to Dillinger was Herbert Youngblood, but in this film he is called Reed Youngblood. John Milius knows nothing. Where the hell John Milius got the information? I can probably make him a better movie. <br /> <br /> Finally, how they showed John Dillinger's death is terrible and unforgivable. The film shows that Dillinger leaves the biography with Lady in Red and his girlfriend Billie Frechette. By the way, Billie Frechette wasn't even that night. But the girl, Polly Hamilton, was. Melvin Purvis shouts, "Johnny!" Dillinger pulls his gun out and blows into hell. It has been proven that Dillinger had no weapon that night. The FBI did not give him the opportunity to give up and as soon as he could see the sight, they blew him away. They didn't even have to shoot him. They were so close that they found powder burns on his face. It was a murder. They also say that the man killed that night was not John Dillinger. After the tons of civilians killed in the small Bohemian case, you can imagine that the FBI says they have just killed another innocent unarmed person? The gun they had on the screen, allegedly Dillinger, wasn't produced before Dillinger's death. I could go on and how the man they killed was not John Dillinger, but I'll stop here. If you want to know more here, look here. <br /> <br /> Look at the Dillinger version of Lawrence Tierney if you want, but don't waste your time on this inaccurate garbage film.
