Proof of the Hollywood Conventions. Disappointed dialogue, underdeveloped and flat characters, and a divergent story are only part of the classic wannabe problems of this gangster. We try to be bold and different, but it seems to have tried to capture the magic of Arthur Penn 's Bonnie and Clyde (1967) and George Roy Hill Butch Cassidy and Sundance Kid (1969) - truly innovative filmmakers and movies - but they are far below the bar . Problems related to animal anchors are self-evident, so a voice command is needed to explain the problem sections. Editing is again an attempt to duplicate previous classics, but is occasionally divorced and technically more problematic for me. Unnecessary shots are thrown to justify their filming, but would be better for the viewer if they were cut on the floor of the room. Still, black and white assemblies and period music are thrown from time to time to be different or cover scenes that can't move well or replace scenes that just don't work and resemble Butch Cassidy and Sundance Kid (1969). <br /> <br /> Too dramatic breaks between sentences, random images of the surrounding landscape that were not needed for storytelling, and the domination of bit players and supporting actors reminded the video camera director of the backyard of the late 1980s - I wondered who was responsible for this movie and after production. Playing music in most two frames and close-ups, and then abruptly interrupting the widescreen, emphasized a too weak musical score. No sound editing was drastically visible as a large part of the film was a shock, a door, a trace, and a dialogue (new leaders used in the late 60s), but there was no background noise that caused it to be artificial - especially the tire shaking on the dirt roads. In my honest opinion, the biggest problem for everyone is that there is no "pleasant" sign for the audience, and the story is not directed by the main characters. Neither the gangsters nor the lawyers were the characters I wanted to win and neither of them focused on the hero - the need to work for me. We know about Penn and Hill films, which are "heroes". Even if they are criminals, they like them and want to get them. I could care less about who was on the screen. I had the impression that John Milius had historically attempted to accurately document the events surrounding John Dillenger's life, from June 1933 to July 1934 (his death). <br /> <br /> To be fair, there are some good moments of storytelling that are the moments that shine in the brightly dark and bad canyon where this film is located. Fortunately, John Milius succeeds in future films, where he does not seem to be trying to "copy" other filmmakers. Dillinger (1973) is not a general waste, because the debut of this "big budget" includes so many stars and famous faces that were bursting, but wait for it in the classic film channel, not to rent or buy money. <br /> <br />
