Hallam Foe tells us a story about a shop who lost his mother and later experiences a complex of Oedepus. <br /> <br /> It's like 95 minutes, but it would be better for the tenth. There is an hour in the middle where he does climbing practice on the roofs, and habits in the church tower like Quasimodo (only he is much less sympathetic). There's nothing to do with it. She happens like her mother, yes, what? We know he can't get his mother, it was the first ten minutes. They should have started and stopped and it would have been O.K. short film. Now, this is a portrait of the image that doesn't change. He's the man with whom it happens. The only active choice he has in the middle of the film is to apply for a job. <br /> <br /> This is the whole thing in Oedepus that should analyze our character. She paints her face, dresses in women's clothes and carries her dead with her head. Badger! You have to see the end! She returns to her home with her head (and it hits like a sticky horror movie) to kill her father's new wife (who she was having sex at first). And somehow they thought it was not enough fun to put indie punk music in the background. However, I must admit that I am allergic to films that want to write a psychological complex in my nose. It seems that this MacKenzie manager / man / whatever is trying to show us that he has also studied psychology at school. You're so smart! Thank you for referring back to all these forgotten theories in our memories! You really dug! What Wallraff! Okay, now I realized that this movie is based on some random book, but still .. <br /> <br /> Photowis is boring. Many speak head. In addition, the editor has changed the scene scene colors, you know the cold and warm, etc. Why? Maybe "Hallam Foe" is a colorful feature for the blind as well as a test film. Or maybe they thought the drama wasn't enough to say he felt lonely so they grew up in blue so we really got it. indie-oh-how-how-how-lovely drawings they've made in the presentation. And all the "cute" sex things happen. The whole film is an independent cliché. But I recommend it. I laughed more than a few times. While it is really annoying to be a movie student and see how such a mess goes through the machine.
