The follow-up of David Mackenzie with the brilliant Young Adam wants to be a good self-confident story about a lonely voyeur who tries to solve some psycho-sexual problems with his dead mother. He wants to be sharp, realistic and mysterious. At the same time, he wants to be funny and invaluable when he calls himself an adult. <br /> <br /> To achieve this goal, the film tries to be youthful. Its poster has hand-drawn letters that look like Juno. Its original soundtrack consists of a fast-developed indie rock that tries to convince the audience that Hallam is OK; just a little wrong. But strangely enough, the film is nothing but youthful. <br /> <br /> Like a young Adam, the central secret of this movie is a sinking woman - in this case Hallam's mother. Young Adam keeps his mystery quietly, pondering and pace well enough to catch you with truths. Hallam Foe does the opposite. It prefers the psychosis of its character so clearly and so early that it never does anything beyond its expected parameters. The opening is Hallam at his treehouse, watching his sister deceive his boyfriend. Hallam interrupts quickly, claiming his presence in the household. Here we see everything Hallam does for the rest of the movie. <br /> <br /> The mystery surrounding his mother's drowning is whether it was a father's suicide or murder. Audiences can never trust Hearing, because we do not believe that his obsession has brought him alongside madness. This hampered the mystical element because Hallam is too casual to be relative. When he has found some hints to support his claim, he runs away from home, initially looking for the police. Then she goes aside from her mother-like girl who discourages the story from a mysterious element. <br /> <br /> Although Jamie Bell brings out his lost character in a very fun way, he was limited to the manifestation of his psychological needs. This movie is by no means mysterious, but it is also not blunt. He strives to be realistic in dealing with such problems, but adds a very self-conscious slag that records himself as the opposite. It is designed for the heavy trainspotting attitude of the audio track to help the audience reach the building by selecting locks and bearings for voyeurism. These suburban adventures Hallam engages in an introverted peasant with too complicated action, and they are not sexy, evil or unattractive. They are more neutral than anything; does not move that character or story. Mackenzie makes you understand Hallami, but she can't build a common ground. <br /> <br /> He expects you to enjoy Hallam's trials and tribulations without much ideological reasoning. From the perspective of the audience, the film depends on voyeurism / the person who deals with it. Obviously most people would be terrified. And Hallam Foe understands this, but it doesn't let us see that Hallam is considering the moral of his decisions. He goes from person to person, trying to fill his deep gap. Hallam's love interest in Kate is a particularly worrying point where she drinks, "I love crappy guys," perhaps asking the audience to do the same. The line is trying to predict his understanding of him (his motivation remains vague) and tries to decide us further. Hallam doesn't like to be, but it's hard to participate in his adventure - even if it's an adventure. Throughout the time, the film is trying to use its amazing sound to hide its indefinite mood. <br /> <br /> The big performances are outweighed by the weak third-act film, muddy development and Mackenzie's unnecessarily unclear direction. Recently, this film was named to release the US and why? Not only is it more unpleasant, but the hard truth is that Hallam's character never earns the title "mister".
