I find it warm-hearted and inspiring that the writing team behind these desperate mainstream Hollywood films such as INDIANA JONES and DOOM, American Graffiti and HOWARD THE DUCK start their career with a horror movie application. Perhaps as a testimony of the talent that would serve Willard Hyuck and Gloria Katz's Oscar candidate later in his career, Evia Messiah has the potential, but unfortunately it becomes a disappointment precisely because he is unable to collect the ability to make a film. The prerequisite is a young girl who goes to a small coastal area looking for her painter who disappeared some time ago. It will not take long for a fragmented narrative to give up all hope and dive into the absurdity of the core - and for some time it will work so far that you will start thinking that Evia may need to be withdrawn from the Messiah. Exploitation of the 70s as an example of the horror of visionary mystery. <br /> <br /> Surreal non-sequencers keep on moving because the daughter stumbles on a young couple in a guest room staying in town for local research. legend "Bloodhole", a poor and half-hearted alcoholic (played by great Elisha Cook Jr., perhaps the best scene in the movie) who warns her about her father, who is known to be alley "eating" a little later in dogs, a blind old lady who owns a local art gallery and has inexplicably removed all his father's paintings from the store and, last but not least, slowed down, murderous, squirrel-eating albino. Part of the charm of the film is this bran d, the artistic surrealism of the favorable basements, which violates the logic and genre conventions at every step. If Lynch is obviously a talented creator, then Evia Messiah's "deliberate", "involuntary" and "between" boundaries really expect it to come out, but it's good enough - WRAP SCENE Don't forget hopelessly. <br /> <br /> Take, for example, the double narration that flows out and out of the picture by adding drugs, fever, consciousness, one of which comes from the daughter when she travels to the place where her father is looking for, and the other to her father voice when he reads his diary. <br /> <br /> Although we are still talking about a living dead picture, Evia Messiah is different and only loose - at least with the current perceptions of what a zombie movie should be. The origin of the living dead is a 100-year-old curse given to the city by the mysterious "Dark Stranger" who came one day from the forest. Meanwhile, Hyuck finds time for mass consumption criticism at a meat supermarket, which has been around for many years before LADU DAWN (you can hear the MST3K line already: "the man is dead, only his capitalist food cans remain") and a nice way of thinking, but a poorly executed similar scene in a movie theater. <br /> <br /> In general, I think that surreal acts carefully in well-measured doses - how absurd is it to work if it is not hidden in a perfectly normal way? Hyuck just seems to set it all over the picture and make it so dangerously over his hand. For example, if an albino girl rises up and grabs her city and eats a squirrel in front of her, you can almost imagine that the director is clearly facing the audience, amused and satisfied with her satisfaction. <br /> <br /> The overall level of filmmaking is also quite low - after one and a half characters, the tempo becomes confusing and the story is tiring and probably doesn't go anywhere and is not particularly fast. Please note that dirty editing, average capability, and Hyuck's overall inability to hit the real atmosphere - the empty streets of the coastal area - have been abused - and I would present the Messiah as a "missed opportunity", but still find the floor house enough to judge - even though it's not particularly gory , trashy or sleazy.
