Skullduggery is a strange, strange film based on Vercor's novel "Ye Know Them Them". It seems really uncomfortable to trigger the film's criticism because it is a film about serious issues such as humanity and the rights to moral standards and tolerance. But despite its respectable intentions and its well-known tone, Skullduggery is not a very good film. For me, the main problem is the terribly divergent narrative that can't think of how to best communicate its message. The first half of the movie is like watching a typical jungle expedition strike from Tarzan ilk; later it becomes a sci-fi fable; in the end, it slides into the melodrama of the courtroom. The differences between the tones in each section of the film are too big, too harsh to forget. They look like a painful thumb and always remind you that you are watching a crazy, inaccurate movie. One of the main archaeologists involved in the excursion is the attractive lady scientist Dr Sybil Greame (Susan Clark). After a heavy trick, they stumble over the tribe of strange monkey-like creatures. These primitive, long-lost people have been covered with hair and have survived for centuries without touching in any way or affecting the development of a modern person. Is there evidence that they may be ancestors of an early person? "missing link" in the development of monkeys in humans. Or, perhaps, a human race who just looks and behaves differently than usual? Or even the animal race that has begun to develop human qualities? Archaeologists call the tribe "Tropi" and are initially excited about the consequences of their discovery. But things are going to be devastating when the nasty opportunist Vancruysen (Paul Hubschmid) declares his intention to use the tribe and their idyll on behalf of the developers. He questions whether Tropi is truly "human" and puts forward his arguments to the courts where he hopes to get legal support so that his own greedy ambitions can continue. <br /> <br /> It was a very early film in the Reynolds quarry, and he actually balances this film, acting like a comedy, while the rest has taken it very seriously. Not that Reynolds could be blamed? he has an impossible role to play, being asked to play a charming adventurer who really belongs to Tarzani flick. His character and film are not related to each other. Clark's prices are much better than the serious lady archaeologist and British actors Edward Fox, Alexander Knox and Wilfrid Hyde-White are beautiful supporting roles. Skullduggery's main drawback is the flat and ineffective make-up used by Trop to give their strange hairy look. Instead of seeing actresses as believable hominoids, this captured hair just makes them an involuntary comic. and it's not just the right idea. We need to feel great sympathy for these beings, but it is terribly difficult if they are so convincing. Skullduggery is an unsuccessful attempt to tell a story that could have been enjoyable, philosophical and stimulating. Respectful intentions exist for everyone to see, but the end result does not make them justice. Precious failure, which can only be a failure.
