Although the general idea of ​​escaping from Atlantis was intriguing, I found that the film was much smaller than what I was hoping for when reading the plot in the summer. Perhaps I have too many children at the technical age: the film has been made, as it was in 2002, official five years ago - after watching fantasy wagons, such as the Lord of the Rings, and the scientific literature like Star Wars, it couldn't compare to other Movies with a similar line, such as Dinotopia or Homer's The Odyssey. <br /> <br /> My beef is basically that I could not associate - I am almost the same age (young adults) and have no difficulty over the medieval man if it exists. But the picture did not lead me to different spiritual existence. I didn't find myself "ACK!" I would have done SAME! '. It didn't open the door to my imagination. Even without comparing it to high-budget movies or other TV films that stand alone, there are certain aspects that I found to be a cliché: the formation of a child's character was too fast in my mind, seeing too much stereotypical self-teenage-bitter-divorce image , which has changed again-me-a-big-happy-family-let's-never-separate-again, feels that it can eventually make or break a picture in the long run. Even the individuals themselves could have improved: a typical set of one or another stereotype. There was a constant local selfish beauty that wanted to be rebellious, accompanied by a picture of Mr. Perfect, combining athletics, good looks and intelligence, but also attitude, and finally a smart-alek little brother we are so ordinary. Although I know that the personalities pushed the story away, I think that more individuality in nuances and more unique differences would have made the film more enjoyable - and more credible (as far as character is concerned) -. br /> I need to raise my glass to costume and design - which made it complete for me. Don't do me the wrong thing: all the movies are worth myself, and one's opinion can never count on the opinion of many, but I think a little more deeply about the script and a little more (I can't believe I say it) the reality I dare say is that Atlantis escapes could have been magical.
