When I saw this movie, I heard the whole leap, and I heard people say Denzel served his Oscar as his golden globe, and I believed he had to do a great job, given that Kevin Spacey was great. I was wrong. I understand that people say it doesn't hate the African-American community (unless they're African Americans themselves). I always hear complaints about how African Americans will never be named and how they should have won. Sometimes it is true (not so much today) because Whoppi Goldberg could have become the best actor for The Color Purple and the film should have won the best picture. The only reason why this film was that it was, is that people see the film from the difficulties of the African-American (* SEMI-SPOILER *) during a very racist time, and they automatically mark it as masterpieces. br /> <br /> Denzel Washington is an outstanding actress, but her role in this film didn't affect me. I was bored with him in the movie and his acting here was quite similar to his role in Malcolm X, but not so good. The audience should believe that this man, Rubin Carter, is a saint. People left films to worship this man, the hero, and they went out and bought their book, making this rich hero. <br /> <br /> * SPOILERS * This movie tells a story of a person who spent most of his life in prison, mainly for crimes he did not. Of course, the crimes he committed (mostly stealing) were only to survive, nothing else. People were sorry for him, although drug dealers and thieves were likely to have the same number of reasons, but they are seen in society. All this film attempts to portray this man as a saint (except for the obvious infidelity he had shown to his wife and aggression when he showed another person when he was in court with his wife), but why would it not be in his view. I don't like movies (especially Hollywood interpretations) based on "real" stories because they usually distort the "real" parts of something else, not so true. It was his position and Hollywood construction, but everyone believed it was the truth undeniably. Well, I studied my past a bit before making assumptions and he was a very violent man. Not only is it possible that he will kill these people. If you don't believe me, look for him on the internet and read the articles some people have about him. The boxing game he claimed to have won so easily was won by his opponent Joey Giardello and there are tapes to prove it. In addition, this film has many twisted and deliberately excluded facts. Supporting pains were the most pleasing people I've seen on Earth, and their "nice and perfect" person seemed complicated. <br /> <br /> This movie was another Hollywood version of the unfortunate truth that is still rightly said. Denzel's actor is hidden and the attitudes of supportive protein Mickey Mouse are annoying. The film also starts very slowly and is boring.
