The main problem with the documentary "Czech Dream" is that it doesn't really say what it thinks it says. <br /> <br /> Disgracefully - I hesitate to use the word "inspired" - street theater. Two student filmmaker Vit Klusak and Filip Remunda made their film based on the big companies' silver games: they deliberately made a counterfeit hypermarket (Costco or the Wal Mart Super Store's Eastern European equivalent), built the entire advertising campaign around it - full of billboards, radio and TV commercials, an official logo, a pleasant theme with song and fake photos - and then waited to see how many "tricks" show their creation on the opening day. They even built a temporary facade to convince people that the store itself exists. <br /> <br /> Ask: "Why do such a thing?" Well, this is a very good question, but the answer to the filmmakers is not one that matches one. Basically, we are told that the purpose of the stunts was to show how easily people can be manipulated, believing something - even something that is not true - simply through the power of advertising. And filmmakers seek moral protection, arguing that the "real" (ie higher) goal is to convince Czech people not to fall into all the ads that encourage them to join the European Union. Fairly Fair - Especially when it comes to the real advertisers who agree with the stunt to counter customers with an unethical lie, justifying their cooperation in fraud, claiming that this is a form of "research" that advertising doesn't see and does not. In some ways, by allowing yourself to catch these comment cameras, these men and women are as many dupes as the poor unsuspecting people who are the main target. <br /> <br /> But in many ways, the satirical arrow not only hit its desired target, but ironically resets it back to the filmmakers who launched it. Because they are IMPORTANT and NOT good-hearted and naturally trust people who ultimately come to be unethical and classless, because they make fools of completely human beings, some of them old and disabled, and forced to travel long distances to get there. And what should all this prove? That people are "greedy" because they go to the opening of a new shopping center, looking for more affordable prices? Or are they stupid and light because they have no doubt that the real market may not be, although one is advertised? Such vigilance would require a level of cynicism that would make it virtually impossible in the real world. <br /> <br /> No, I'm afraid this smart, nasty little "stunt" proves just what's complete and tells us that filmmakers make some really nice people who know idiots. And indeed, many of them, when they finally discover the tricks made for them, respond with grace and good humor. I'm not sure I would be able to get together when I found myself in a position. <br /> I am not saying that the film is not exciting - something similar to a massive traffic accident witness - but when the dust is finally in place and all the disappointed customers return with their red and empty hands in their homes, we can say for sure that they are not the ones who should Feel ashamed.
