I have this movie out of the library right now and I haven't watched it. It's so bad that I believe. Audrey Hepburn had completely lost her talent, even though she had completed a great deal with Robin and Mary. This is the worst thing about this amazingly stupid movie. It is really interesting because it was his last feature film and the appearance of Dorothy Stratten just before he was killed. <br /> <br /> There is nothing but an idiot between Gazzara and his crowns. Small signals and small bows and arrows for the true screwball comedy, which is the weakest, most shady shadow. is "Breakfast in Tiffany's" twenty years earlier? The old Sinatra songs and the Gershwin song soundtrack, the title of which has been taken, is too loud and obvious - you don't have to wait for the credit to find out that the picture in the cinema music is something finely woven. to find out when the songs broke down for you. <br /> <br /> "Returning" means returning and returning. In this case, the stylish European lady of Audrey Hepburn has seen someone who was an occasional actress and always a star. Here she has even lost her talent as a star. If someone whose talent grew during this period, such as Ann-Margret, had played a role, there would have been life, even in incredibly poor material and mongolite situations. <br /> <br /> Hepburn was a big person, of course, bigger than most movie stars ever dreamed of being, and he was once one of the most enjoyable and beautiful actors. After this terrible occurrence, he made a terrifying television movie with Robert Wagner, "The Thing of Love". "They all laughed" is as if he was still in the 50's. Even many unnecessary and apparently less intelligent actors who demanded it like Lana Turner were endlessly more effective than Hepburn. Turner took serious action even when he was bad. Hepburn doesn't take it seriously at all; even her hair and clothes seem sticky. His last really good job was "Two Way", perhaps his most perfect, if not in many ways the best. <br /> <br /> And this girl who plays the country's singer is just sick. John Ritter is terrible, not just something to recommend this movie except for the really beautiful Dorothy Stratten. Otherwise, the phrase "losing your talent" used by David Thomson is no longer meaningful. <br /> <br /> Ben Gazarra had lost all sex complaints by then and so we have two films with Gazarra and Hepburn - who could ask for something less? Sandra Dee's last, unfortunate movie "Lost", 2 years later, with little budget, was more than that. At least Mrs Dee spoke with her voice; By 1981, Audrey Hepburn's accent just sounded stupid; he continues with the PBS 'world gardens with Audrey Hepburn' and there is his somewhat irritating accent because he walks through the aristocrats or waxes of English gardens, "what I like the most when flowers go back to nature!" he's just ridiculous. <br /> <br /> I think "Tiffany's Breakfast" was so deeply poetic to Audrey Hepburn as one of the most beautiful women in the world - she was definitely one of the most beautiful performers of "My Fair Lady", fitting Garb in many things and Delphine Seyrig's "Last Year in Marienbad." And then it! And her last short role as an angel "Hap" in Spielberg's movie "Always" was just more lady stuff - dirty, harmless and warm. on the fifth Avenue Presbyterian Church, a beautiful service that included a boys' choir singing "Simple Gifts." The only thing not listed in the program was Hep Suddenly playing the burning song "Moon River" on fire at "Tiffany's" breakfast, which brought a lot of emotions and tears to the church. <br /> <br /> A great lady who was once a beautiful actor (like "The Nun's Story") and one of the biggest and most beautiful movie stars among many 50- and 60-year-olds who got really bad - that's not all normal. And maybe there is only a great person who, in things like trivial film elements, is such that they want these shortcomings to have ruthlessly shown - what all of his late film works contained in numerous. Most of the talks about Hepburn's failure are related to My Fair Lady. But the one who should have held his original actor was "Wait Until Dark", which was played with Lee Remick on Broadway. Never, as was celebrated as Hepburn, he was in many ways a better actor (Hepburn was absolutely impossible to play anything really different), although Hepburn was at least sufficient in this regard. After that all his actions went downhill.
