I don't know why, but I thought I had seen this movie before. Maybe it was a name, maybe it was a poster, I don't know. Anyway, it was quite promising at first. And even during this whole function, some light moments were. Perhaps because I am not a big fan of horrors, and I do not look much at them, but it sometimes seemed fresh. But the rest is not so good. Sometimes ridiculous. The film is slow, sometimes you get so bored to forget what the story was. The characters are not big either. All of them. The butcher is OK, it seems crazy and crazy. Although I didn't get what these strange looking things were on her chest (that the whole scene just saw a fake and a kind of blue), and why did she collect them in the jars? The main lead is normal. His character is very hard to believe and very underdeveloped. But I think this is the fault of the scriptwriters. Like why did he shout when he took his girlfriend? The side is also bad. But the main thing I hated in this movie was the girl. My God, when women have a brain in horror movies? It's ridiculous. The girl finds out that the maniac took her boyfriend's camera, trying to go to the police, it didn't work, and then she thinks the best idea. Why don't we just go and take it! I know where the maniac is! Yep! They swell! And then look for the camera in the bathroom! Why not? And then walk in the room, look at the bag that wasn't before, and just look inside. Maybe the camera is there? Not there. But a lot of interesting things. Glossy. Mmmm. To understand this bag means that the butcher is back, is too heavy for his small little brain. Then, of course, the endless "falling" trick that really looks bad. Then, at the end of the film, he walks into the FULL wagon with corpses hanging his legs up, screaming "Noooo" as he just hung a Gucci bag and walks on the wagon at the end of the movie. .. Jeez. Come on. No one else thinks its right, well, fool? Just terrible. If his character wasn't so bad, maybe the movie would get me another letter or two. And I would even like to forgive MMT characters that are able to grab the head with a steel hammer (the one who killed the conductor), butchers that can protect bullets, weird and cheap looking monsters (I didn't read Clive Barkers novel, so I have no idea where these monsters came), the fact that nobody cared about the hundreds of hundreds (just like the prison cell skeletons) disappeared and the main character who didn't bleed when he got his tongue (he barely noticed). Oh, and the predicted end. Damn, I knew it ended halfway, its just disappointing. The only reason I still give credit to the makers is that the film seems to be generally better than most of the horrors I've seen in recent months. The visual style is nice, some shots were really nice and good CGI, which made the killings really cruel. (although the blood didn't look real) I think some people enjoy it, some like me look at it if there is nothing to look at, some hate it.
