I heard and read a number of praise for the "Midnight Meat Train" based on a short stage written by no less than Clive Barker and allegedly the best adaptation of his work from the original "Hellraiser" he himself led, but so far I can only own to express the experience of attitudes very much. The most appropriate term for summarizing the whole movie literally is: nausea! Violence is sadistic and extreme, which undoubtedly attracts fanatics to young horror enthusiasts, but it is also indescribably free and exploitative. Usually I have very violent violence, but it must at least serve some purpose. Butchering ?? literally? "Midnight Meat Train" is designed exclusively for shock and for the elimination of weak nervous systems and easily stomach upset in viewers, and even that digital computer effects are not fully effective. There are more drawbacks, some even bigger than useless gore, but maybe I should focus on the good elements first. The basic concept is undoubtedly promising, and several sequences (such as chasing a refrigeration room) are literally with nail friction and a macabre atmosphere. Unfortunately, the momentum is very uneven and the development of a potentially fantastic plot has been unnecessarily twisted. It is assumed that processing a short story about a long feature film scenario is responsible for ignoring the changes, but I feel honestly that they could have done more with self-consciousness and Vinnie Jones's playable character. In the plot, ambitious photographer Leon is introduced in New York, whose representative wants to look for the real threatening face of the city through dark images. Then Leon becomes obsessed with an introverted and suspicious butcher who is always waiting for a train at midnight. Leon is right, because the butcher is a relentless killer of serums, who literally crushes his victims with a big hammer, but the killer's motivation and behavior indicate that there is something much more important on the rails at night. The Midnight Meat Train takes place, of course, in unpleasant places, such as metro stations at night and animal slaughterhouses, as well as a film that also offers good exhibitions and honestly disturbing images (such as mines for meat hooks and blood-ridden wagons), but director Ryûhei Kitamura ("Versus", "Godzilla Final Wars") does not make full use of it. The end leaves many questions unanswered and even if Clive Barker was going to do this, I still think we deserve a slightly clearer final. "Midnight Meat Train" is a somewhat intriguing and definitely haunting film, but not by default. It is not intended for readily offended viewers, but perhaps people who are looking for plot coherence and clarity should leave it alone.
