I've heard a lot about this movie because the people who wrote me say to me that I should see it because I'm a fan of very bloody films. I received it almost immediately, but one thing or another kept me always. I would have been better off remembering it. <br /> <br /> This movie was cruel. The worst thing is that it could have been so much better than it really was. I know that was the story of Clive Barker and everyone, and I haven't read that story, but it seems to me that if you don't, you're, as I was, completely helpless and completely frustrated. > <br /> The film starts well enough - the actors are convincing, the story is interesting. The first scene is bloody - a great way to catch your attention. I thought the blood seemed a little bad, but seeing that it was just the first scene I hoped hopefully later. I was wrong. Blood and effects are so terrible that my intelligence was almost insulting to believe that, for example, someone could knock a person's head directly on his shoulders, using only a meatloaf. WTF? CGI blood (did they use any "real" blood at all? My home stuff seems better than any used in this movie)! trim properly, does anyone remember that our whole body has BONES?!), too dark scenes (every scene is a strange yellow color or hidden in the shadows) ... it gets worse and worse. I found myself in error because of an error. There are too many. Add that the fact that what might have been and should have been a big series of filmmakers would eventually become some demonic / supernatural / monster movie ... thank you! It should have been a horrible man who kills subway OK, with a conspiracy theory and an overflowing photographer. Maybe they kill people and sell meat through the meat industry? Believable, feasible ... and much better I think as a "real" story. It could and should have worked. Instead, it became "creatures living at the end of an old tunnel and everyone knows it, but if you don't read that book, then ... you just never understand it" a fiasco. Tragic, what a terrible thing to film with such potential. If you like pleasant fake and gore, then you love it. But if your head has half the brain, you hate it completely. Stay Away - Far And Far.
