Is it the same Kim Ki Duk who led the "spring, summer, autumn, winter and spring" life-giving testimony? The same Kim Ki Duk, who drew a delicate, almost quiet and heart-feeling "3 Iron" longing? The same Kim Ki Duk, who dazzled us with the "Coast Guard" tragic tragedy and made us frighten about the ugly teenage prostitution before returning to almost his patented nature motif to allow us all (characters and viewers) to redeem "Samaritan Girl"? I just don't seem to find it in this movie. <br /> <br /> Oh, Kim's motive for nature still exists. The film takes place entirely on the lake surrounding the mountains and fishing floats on the surface of calm waters. Yeah, that's Kim Ki Duk. Kim even describes the film as "beautiful" in an interview with DVDs. But I'm no longer sure what that means after a little presentation. <br /> <br /> What is beautiful angry, whacked prostitutes, lustful, violent and whimsical fishermen, a terrifying merchant, clear animal torture, self-injury sequences and the pace that is moving nervously between nervousness and frenzied brutality? These are the only elements of mankind that are present in this totally confusing and ultimately meaningless film. If it is based on a fable or is meant to be a parable, or is meant to be a larger symbol, then this reviewer does not know the source material. It has been favorable compared to "Audition" by Japanese director Takashi Miike (with a lot of Kim's satisfaction), but with some amazing performances, especially considering what they had to do, leading actors Seo Jung and Kim Yoo Suk, I find little reason to recommend this movie . I haven't seen "Audition", but I doubt it would change my opinion of "Isle" in any way. His violence is pornographic and pointless sadistic. His sex is not pornographic, but passionate and masochistic. Characters act on irritating impulses because there is no plot there. Its point is either non-existent or I admit that I lost Korean culture that I cannot understand. <br /> <br /> The only beauty is cinematography, which is classic Kim: foggy boats slowly over a peaceful lake, a background dominated by mountainous scenery and colorful and playful color use. Sometimes it seems that the viewers are locked into the big Kim Ki Duk rompers. Some are interesting, such as Jung's mysterious and seductive mocking merchant and pleasantly strange motorcycle use. But as a film, this effort is completely confusing and ultimately offensive to the senses, not necessarily sensitive. One hopes that Kim will leave such films in his past trash because we know he is capable of so much more.
