For the good-willed republic of advertising you will ever see, Mayerling is the daily story of a royal nation from the late 19th century. One of Europe's seemingly incessant internal instabilities is related to Emperor Franz Joseph (Mr. James Mason), his rebellious son, Prince Rudolf, Emperor (Miss Ava Gardner) and various mistresses, secret police, spies, extravagantly uniform pop-ups, gypsies, dancers, Women, soldiers, swans, horses, and Franz Joseph during the Austrian-Hungarian Empire were the strange inbred web of European royalty. It was filmed what the old movie posters called "A Riot of Color", which resembles more than the costly, but intellectually challenged "The Student Prince" productions. his all-inclusive non-European accent when he remembers. I am his great admirer and I sincerely hope that the reward was in line with the beauty he clearly felt for his playable character. Mr. Omar Sharif, who built a career based largely on brown eyes looking directly at the camera, sees amazingly monotonous action as his son crown prince. He is utterly persuasive as a man who in the film has at least-cut swathe out distaff half of Austrian aristocracy. If his well-won locks firmly in place he preens and depicts an increasingly unlikely uniform. As rebellious he speaks to speak, but strikingly does not walk walk, leaving the lower button that is canceled on one of his tunes is as far as his fidelity goes. Happily married, he falls in love with the usual. "Forbidden Love" is one of the results of the film. Catherine Deneuve hardly pushes the envelope.Miss Deneuve has a profile for which he dies, and we see quite a lot, especially in the order of the ballet. Now I love ballet as much as the next person, but this sequence seems to continue for too much time, a more cynical critic may consider it "padding". Rudolf's mother, Emperor Miss Ava Gardner plays the Empress. She is part of a nice old American oooomph, making her a bit like "Aunt Mame", but it has an undeniable style. I won't put it any more. The only thing worth seeing is that Mr James Robertson's justice is Sir Lancelot Spratt - sorry, Edward, Prince of Wales. She is so strangely concerned about everything that is happening around her, it is a pleasure to see. an immortal question "What is bleeding time?" I am not qualified to challenge the historical accuracy of "Mayerling", but I think everything else is eligible for it. This is Ruritan's opera Buffa, without the need to send songs to the theater.
