Let me start by saying that before I rented this movie I read several comments and knew what to expect. However, I was surprised how bad it was. I am a big fan of werewolves and I am accustomed to forgiving much at any time. Most of them have sub-parametric effects, bad actions and weak scenarios (at best from earlier films). So far, with the exception of a few later "Howling" movies, it is the worst. <br /> <br /> First, the story. In this review of the site, it has been quoted several times so I do not go into precision. However, it is very obvious that the writer (s) did not have any affinity for the lycantonic monsters. So often, when a horror film is given to a writer who keeps such a ticket above, they tried to come up with a new spin on myths of werewolves. It is nice, but the non-spooky fan who is trying to do so is generally overlooked by the horror audience's intelligence and complexity and stops writing them. The feeling of the plot is the parody of werewolf movies, and it is the circle of events that are so wrong that I felt that my intelligence was seriously offended. For example, television news recording will never leave a reporter if someone is behind the crowd. Give characters and viewers credit for being able to spot the evil spot without using a flashing neon sign. And it's just the tip of the iceberg. <br /> <br /> As for effects, I've never seen a less credible werewolf. I would have been happier with Lon Chaney Jr. The beasts they used saw a lot like ... well, like an expensive cheap rubber suit, where some hair is glued and truly terrible animation. And I know many people have already criticized CG, but my God was terrible. In one scene, there is a woman who changes and starts with an actor, naked with the CG version, but for some reason without nipples. My first thought was, "Hey, why is one of the" ReBoot "characters getting stupid like a werewolf?" <br /> <br /> Anyway, I like to look for positive movies, and there were few. The cinema was satisfactory (the film was all digital, which is interesting) and some of the performances were not terrible. It was also interesting to see that Tippi Hedron is the world's best-made homeless woman and Kane Hodder as a bad man. Also, the yellow force Ranger grew up and ... well, fuck. And if you're looking for skin, there are some pretty tasty examples. It ends with a review of the male pig segment. <br /> <br /> In general, if you want a good werewolf movie, try the "American werewolf in London", the original "The Howling", "Dog Soldiers", or even "The Wolfen" (though it is more of a wolf than it was). If you are completing lycanthrope, take fun. Otherwise, skip it.
