Despite the known people who are either big fans of Noam Chomsky or think he is a tired remnant of the 1960s, I really didn't have any opinion except that I knew he became a famous linguist, although I couldn't explain any of his theories and that he was a liberal social democratic with the Marxist tendency. So, stumbling upon the 2003 documentary Noam Chomsky DVD: Rebel Without A Pause, used in a video store, in a movie that followed her book transfer to book 9-11, I decided to get it. there may be some knowledge about a person the next time a person, pro or con, talked about him. I'm glad that I got the movie, my initial reaction to this dull and poorly modified hagography was, so it's all the noise? <br /> <br /> A man with so many degrees praised as "the most important living" by the New York Times, according to the DVD, there was not much, intellectually speaking. I know I chew him up and spit it out in the discussion and I wouldn't even want to see what William F. Buckley would do to him. The whole movie showed that Chomsky saw everywhere the conspiracies, and with his glazed eyes, confuses the most ugly and unheard of things he says rather than linguistics, so Maybe he's so badly come in. But again, if he is a linguist and tops in his field, why in the world should someone care about what he says about something outside his profession? further isolate, encouraging the displeasure that Chomsky is targeting Zionist assassins. The little I knew about Chomsky before watching this movie, the more I knew: he was generally considered a Soviet imperial since the fall of discord, intellectually intellectual and pretty much irrelevant. The film is so poorly structured and without a narrative thread that it is difficult to separate the whole jumble. Her husband, Carol, apparently showed one interview that was cut and dropped everywhere in the film. It seems to be a nice, enough woman, but completely out of her elements, answering anything other than the most important questions in their lives. The only interesting thing he says is that 9/11 was a great thing for Chomskys because he has paid a lot of money since then. <br /> <br /> It is no surprise that such a movie gives almost no biography. All viewers are expected to know all such "big man" bears. Chomsky is rarely interviewed for one. Stylishly, there are no camera movements, interesting changes or signature touches, and most of the movie is Chomsky's disagreements, video games Chomsky huzzahs who do it or not, and loose jawed and awed students watching him when he was irrelevant dimwitted coeds doesn't ask him barely audible and ridiculously simplified questions. It's really a bad film made by director and editor Will Pascoe, who, according to a DVD filmmaker statement, is another critical Chomsky actress. In addition, one of the most certain signs is that it is not an objective documentary, but merely an agitprop, and the fact that it is a tricky piece of agitprop is that no time has Chomsky shown opposition. It seems to be a font of knowledge that has no boundaries. <br /> <br /> Considering that a large part of this dreck was filmed during Chomsky lectures at McMaster University in Canada, during the US invasion of 2003, Chomsky said that much of what was in Vietnam was warlike. Yes, he makes some good points here and there from the American media presence before the war, but he follows them honestly because he does not seem to understand that most conspiracies are ad hoc and not fully drawn. As an example, he claims that the advertising industry is a chaplain that ruthlessly controls the population, but does not say any words about a zombie population that lets itself under control. He also argues that trilaterals are leading the world and that people's fear of crime is another result of Kabal. Of course, this statement will fully explain the rape crisis centers and will be consumed by all law firms that spend time and money. He also makes an absurd assertion that Cuba has been a victim of terrorism for decades when Castro and the company were its major sponsors in Latin America, Asia and Africa until the Soviet Union fell. I can only guess that UFO conspirators only expect Chomsky to declare that gray aliens have created Idaho mixing impregnation centers. <br /> <br /> Chomsky is intimidating in his terrifying world as the Bushco members he revolves on; even more so because they do not claim to be intellectuals. In short, Chomsky is a man who lives in the past, on most issues, over his head and intellectually from his depth. At the end of this film, he warns: "Be careful when you hear about intellectuals who are fighters of justice," but only laughing, as the man apparently never met a revolutionary person and did not think he disliked, no matter how barbaric their crimes were. and an intellectual opponent. Please stop before wasting your time and money on this stupid and already irrelevant DVD.
