DarkWolf speaks of a young reporter Josie (Samaire Armstrong) who had led a fairly ordinary life until his friend Mary (Tippi Hedren) was killed by a werewolf, seeing werewolves in America today, and even a specialized police force to fight the danger of wolves led by is a detective Steve Turley (Ryan Olosio) who has a difficult task to tell Josie that he is actually a pure bloody werewolf himself and that the so-called "dark prince" werewolf (Kane Hodder) wants to associate with him and create a breed of new pure blood werewolves that takes over the world or something like that. It is understandable that Josile finds it hard to believe that until he sees the evidence with his own eyes. It's up to werewolf policeman Steve to save Josie, day and world ... <br /> <br /> Richard Friedman is the co-founder and director. I thought DarkWolf was pretty bad with a low budget digital video camera that didn't do anything for me. Geoffrey Alan Holliday's script starts promising enough to show a strip in a club with lots of bare breasts, and then there is a werewolf attack that leaves somebody's splatter everywhere, but after that decent opening sequence it's pretty much down the hill. m dreaded. It is slow at first, it is boring, it is predictable, and it is populated by a very annoying character who comes out with a lot of bad dialogue and doing stupid things when they have the chance to shoot a werewolf they don't have, I have no idea why they prefer to stand . The script is stupid and doesn't explain why Josie has never become a werewolf? Is he really the only one? Why can't this "dark prince" find another female sex? There are also many other things that make little or no sense at all, like an ancient book that feels quite important, but you have forgotten it halfway, but you get the idea anyway, because the entire movie's plods are very linear in a fashionable, highly predictable climate showdown, which is the least powerful. <br /> <br /> Friedman director enlightens the film quite well with a bright neon, but it marks a new or original and does not improve the film's spectacle. We are now talking about special effects or rather the lack of them, because the effects of DarkWolf are far from unique, werewolf transformation is achieved with CGI, and this is one of the worst viewed CGI I've ever seen, so that the Playstation would be an embarrassing graphic for these computers. It's just the worst werewolf conversion I've ever seen. The American werewolf in London (1981) was made over 25 years ago, but the special effects in it are literally light years before those seen in DarkWolf. improved over the years? Animated cam effects are not much better, although at least there is something psychic on the screen. Gore is not much after tired opening, when blood spills and many corpses are killed there, but not much else. If that's your thing, but it's not too exciting because you still have to sit through a terrible movie to see if it's really worth it? <br /> <br /> Technically, DarkWolf is well-positioned for the worst possible CGI effect, and is reasonably well done and at least seems to have output values. Action is what you would expect. it was as bad as some, but it's like saying that going to the dentist is a bit more fun than going to a funeral, although when everyone said and do, they're both creepy yet ...
