The order begins in Rome, where a special order of brothers and sisters dealing with spirits and demons, called brother vendic (Francesco Carnelutti), is found dead, cut to New York, where one of his orders, Alex Bernier (Heath Ledger), is contacted by top-brass Cardinal Driscoll (Peter Weller) who asks him to explore the mysterious situation of Dominica's death. Along with his girlfriend Mara Willims (Shannyn Sossamon) and fellow priest Thomas Garrett (Mark Addy), Alex travels to Italy to get into the death of his mentor, because the truth is that Dominic was "Sin Eater" who absorbed the sins of others and lived with their burdens so that they could die peacefully and that the church was not happy with their actions. Alex must do what is right, even if it contradicts what he believes ... <br /> <br /> Also known as "Sin Eater", this American German co-production was written, produced and directed by Bian Helgeland & didn 't really so much for me when I'm honest and I'm usually honest, that is. Anyway, you can start with a confusion with some OK ideas, but it's completely predictable, extraordinarily boring and boring, at times silly, and it takes you too seriously. The whole concept makes sense, and although he thinks it is wise, it is such a nice complicated end that binds everything up and brings the story to a full circle. I thought it was the most obvious and lazy way to finish things. Here are the usual religious themes, morality, sin, forgiveness, faith, faith, prophecy, blah, blah, blah what you know. Then there are twists that are not difficult to see, abuse of power by high-level clergy, corruption, greed, evil, and so on. You know what clichés of Hollywood ideals and themes are being reused every time he deals with the Church. The order has nothing new to say and a serious piece of filmmaking. I'm not quite sure who it would be for this command because it is a hard horror fan, which I didn't see much fear at all, because the thriller is less than exciting because the mystery is too predictable and there is no one here something that really grabs or retains their interest and for some reason I can't understand that IMDb also lists an action movie that is absurd because it is just as exciting and exciting as the Sesame Street Episode (1969) Maybe tough , but that's what I think ... <br /> <br /> Director Helgeland does OK work, the film seems to have a very soft lighting system and it all seems a bit drab, greyish and boring. For the anticipated horror film, the Order is a very frightening or horrible element; in fact, none of these two evil children, who cannot obviously become flocks, do not ask. Forget about any gore or violence because it is not good, but it would have helped at least make the order somewhat traceable. According to the IMDb's trivia section, the order release date was given back so that some special effects could be fixed because they unintentionally saw the jokes. because they are not exactly brilliant as it is now. <br /> <br /> I was surprised that the order had a budget of about $ 28,000,000, which is a lot of money, and I just can't see where it was all different from good product design. The overall look of the film is very medium and completely forgotten. Acting is OK, though a tedious fatty man who seems to have some unpleasant comic relief, irritates, a good actor like Peter Weller deserves better. <br /> <br /> Order, I prefer the title Sin Eater doesn't really know it's too much, it misses all target targets when I'm worried and it's a pretty boring way to waste my life in 100 odd minutes , so don't do it! Not recommended.
