This movie's pleasant excuse reminded me a lot about what I heard about "Gigli" that Ben and Jen flopped earlier this summer. The "order" was clearly transformed into such a subconscious level that the scenes did not constitute a single and provocative film, but a set of sequences separated to a small extent by any similarity of the single plot. Now I am a fan of Heath Ledger ("10 things I hate about you", "the story of knights", and especially his supporting role in "Monster Ball"), but my husband has to find himself a better agent. Keep scripts like "The Order" and "Four Feathers", and he's going to forget about the movie fast. <br /> <br /> This is a film-related problem. First of all, the director tried to fill the gaps in his important plot by adding two more plot lines, which probably had little or nothing to do. The plot skeins, in which America tried to take over the Pope of the Vatican and the Dark, but somewhat interesting, did not make the viewer look at the main characters. Attempts to tie these yarns together were inevitably pathetic. Secondly, do not insult the viewer's intelligence by clearly adding a film that is clearly mandatory. We had prepared anger, made love and the most idiotically-made sex that seemed like "Matrix Reloaded", with skull-numbering tech music. Instead of developing a character, these elements seemed to be the cheap devices they probably had, trying to place the popcorn-chewing adolescents in the seats. Third, and most importantly, this film seemed to be an intriguing concept. We have a scandal, we have religion and we have supernatural powers. So why learn almost nothing from someone's background? We learn a little about Alex, but even he gives up the priesthood passion for sleeping for two days after a woman, trying to kill him for some time during exorism. And Alex is the most advanced when you call it, the whole movie's character. <br /> <br /> As the cliche goes today when you see one movie this year, make sure it's not. There are about ten interesting minutes from an unbearable 101 minutes. The only thing that saved me was with the girl I love. <br /> <br /> One in ten. Apply this one firmly to the sub-potential, but blew it over to the editing and the bad control. Heath my man, go back to Monster Ball-like cameos. They're right for you.
