In the past days of the Catholic Church, the sinner was an individual who, through the ritual, took the sins of a dead person. Often these people were communal or similar persons who were not released by the Church, thus banning entry into heaven. The perpetrators were considered godly, avoiding the monopoly of cryptor redemption. Sex it a bit somewhat with the obvious supernatural mojo, let the concept walk where it is, and you have "The Order", a movie that combines "Stigmata" religious anti-authoritarianism, "X-Files" paranormal investigation and "The Thorn Birds" Sexual Spirituality is an Unusual Paddle, Which Sometimes Works. <br /> <br /> Alex (Heath Ledger) is a rogue priest, one of the last members of the Carolingian Order, half - a quest for knowledge, a priest-ethical order to fight the demon. If Alexi's mentor is odd, Bishop Driscoll (Peter Weller) sends Alex to investigate. Labeling is a companion to Carolingian Thomas (Mark Addy) and Mara (Shannyn Sossman) who were subject to Alex's exorbism a year earlier. Three are moving to Rome to study and pull into the strange Catholic heresy, evil prophecies, demonic invasions, and a man who claims to be the last surviving Sin-Eater (Benno Furmann). <br /> <br /> The film has been written and staged by Brian Helgeland (who worked on the same principles in a scatterhot and a half-hearted Knight's Tale) that is strange and hard to classify. He wants to have several things at once - supernatural thriller, religious intrigue, dramatic television pilot - and sometimes it all succeeds. This is not helped by the slow pace or the fact that most of the participants seem to be talking about their performances from time to time. Especially in the ledger, there is a particularly monochromatic performance of the amazing scene. However, Sossman had the same fragmentary performance he had given in all his films (especially in the "Rules of Attraction"). <br /> <br /> The plot itself tends to move between several different stories, making you wonder what the main thing is, where every arc contains its share of red herring. Sometimes there are big gaps between the scenes in the narrative, which can be confusing for many, but it is also one of the movie's saving charms. The structure of the film - along with the fact that there is never a really clear antagonist until the end of the film - forces the viewer to analyze and justify the time when most of the films are obviously obvious (with the exception of the Carolingian historical background and the practice of eating sins, both of which are explained in a dry exposition. In the beginning of the film, instead of explaining the explanations, the reality relationships and history are concluded. Combine this with the reasonable use of on-site imaging and special effects, and you have a very old world supernatural thriller, even when the early years remind something of the late 70s / early 80s. <br /> <br /> Here is also a brief mention of a combination of a minimalist orchestra and an exotic vowel in the style of Lisa Gerrard's exotic vowel, David Torni's fine and organic score, a very nice score that is emotional without being bombastic and with very deceptive simplicity. <br /> <br /> A confusing plot, lack of purpose and sometimes sleepy performances tend to movie often, but for some reason, "subscription" is traceable. Many people are very much off the film because of their strange feelings, and some may even be angry that they are forced to understand the higher functions of their brain. However, the honesty of the film, by its very nature, prevents it from achieving critical or commercial success up to the DVD, which I am sure it is equipped with a large number of deleted scenes. Recommended movie only for people who want to watch. 6 out of 10
