This movie was incredibly bad. I saw it at the 2004 San Francisco Film Festival. Before it began, the theater owner rose and told us how half of the audience had left the theater last night, what happened to this "premiere of the world". I don't think anyone in the theater realized how bad the movie is at that moment. We all finally realized. <br /> <br /> This is not a documentary, even though it was a kind of sold. Dark Angel was a bad biography and a bad tribute to Bettie Paige, where half of the movie is actually just a remakes of old Bettie Paige films. The movie is only 90 minutes long and the content of these 90 minutes is minimal. The scene would go away, then someone would say "you are such a big Bettie, why don't we make another movie." this is followed by a 5-minute remake of Bettie Paige, which was almost as ridiculous as (and even more boring) than the usual part of the film. At the end of the film, people smiled every time the second Bettie Paige film reform appeared. it was ridiculous. I heard a lot of laughter in this theater, but people didn't laugh with the filmmaker, they laughed at the film and its poor content and structure. It was easy to say, because the parts that were most laughing were those that were to be serious or revealing. <br /> <br /> I know movies are expensive. I've seen a lot of cheap movies made, but somehow the film's cinematography and quality have differentiated it from what I've ever seen. The film looks like it was made for $ 12. The cuts, sharpness and lack of sensual plot made it a memorable experience. This movie makes "Dude, where's my car?" looks like Kane. My friends and I left the theater as if we had just paid $ 8 for torture. The only redeeming part of the experience was that we started laughing at the fact that someone had actually made this movie and thought it was good. Obviously, last night, "the premiere of the world" at night, the director / writer / producer was public and had witnessed people laughing and walking through their film. Bettie Paige's films were destroyed. They should also destroy this movie.
