One of the biggest potential environmental costs for most mining operations is the pollution of downstream, rivers and lakes with residual sediments and toxins. One of the most serious examples of overcrowding in the US in the 19th century was caused by the hydraulic mining of heavy hills on the sides of the Sacramento Valley from the 1850s to the early 1880s. This process involved directing the high-pressure jet to the slope, causing the material to be washed downhill, where gold can be separated from gravel and sediments. The sediment was then collected in a trench or stream and found the Sacramento River or its tributaries the most. The bed sediment increased the likelihood of floods downstream in agricultural areas and cities and in some areas created permanent marshes. Some sediments flowed over the arable land, where it may cover a standing crop or cover more desirable soil or make plowing difficult. Thus, Warner's almost forgotten 1938 color film targets the interests of downstream producers that are negatively affected by the hydro mine and their activities. <br /> <br /> First of all, we can ask why Warner decided to shoot this movie in quite a poor Technicolor, a very rare treatment in 1938. Stories about wheat farmers and gold miners do not seem to justify the costs and difficulties of filming colors at the moment. The answer seems to be an indoor film-making time with gorgeous colorful clothing and ornamentation. Then we could ask why the colorless George Brent was chosen as the leading man and the ultimate hero, linked to Olivia de Havilland. Among other things, this film really needed a charismatic leading man who carried it. Even the usual colorful Gabby Hayes, his small role, seemed unusually modest. Unfortunately I was sleeping before the film's most dramatic last part. The part I saw spent too much time to create complex relationships between too many people at the expense of depicting the poor situation of a graphically selected wheat baron and perhaps a nearby city, and their attempts to cope with their flood and sediment problems. It was supposed to be more than a year ago "Good Earth". Maybe it would have been suitable for a charismatic leading person like Errol Flynn. Finally, the question is about the title. Certainly Warner could have been memorable or more suitable. "Gold or blade" is short and to the point. By the way, I understand that there are still a lot of gold in the mountains, waiting for them to be extracted in other ways than hydraulic mining.
