When the robot hordes start attacking the bigger cities that stop the crazy attacks? Sky Captain !!! Jude Law plays Joe Sullivan, a heavenly hero, dealing with insurmountable odds with his annoying reporter, former girlfriend Polly Perkins (Gwyneth Paltrow) and former airline partner, Captain Franky Cook (Angelina Jolie). <br /> <br /> Sky Captain and World of Tomorrow may seem and feel an exciting movie, but it's really boring and stupid. The film's driving time is 106 minutes, but it looks so much longer because there's no substance in this movie. The visuals were great and the film did a nice job about it. Nothing such a wonderful visual is supported. The film has no story and no interesting signs that make this thing quite boring and unnecessary. I blame the director and writer Kerry Conran. He focuses too much on visuals and spent little time on the actual story. The film is like a girl who does not have a personality, and after a while she will be happy and tiring. Sky Captain represents a beautiful girl without personality. It's just another case of substance-related matter. <br /> <br /> Operation is surprisingly average, and it's not really their fault, because they had very little work. The main reason for this film is Angelina Jolie. But advertising is pretty misleading and it's only in the movie for about 30 minutes. His performance is surprisingly happier. Jude Law has good results, even though you expect him much more. Gwyneth Paltrow was just average, something special. Ling Bai's presentation was the only one I really liked. He gives a pretty good result as a mysterious woman and she was the only interesting sign of the film. <br /> <br /> Film is not a complete bust, however. There were some "wow" and exciting scenes. They just were not enough. The movie does not have this hook to make it memorable. In fact, it was quite blissful and it was not interesting at all. It is too bad that the film was not very good because it had such a promising assumption. Finally, Sky Captain is surprisingly below average and not really worth it. Rating 4/10
