Sky Captain Jude Law's bursting explosive zeppelins are a metaphor for describing how really horrible this film is. First of all, let me say that I say that Paramount gets the money back for this movie. This cult hit, but only because it was so remarkable that it could not. I see the studio pitch now. "We combine the 1920s German expressionism and the 1940s with a globalized adventure with modern activities and use computer animation to dominate every scene! Wow, is it not a success!" There are too many fake explosions, too convincing war scenes, and too few real moments where characters are anything but painful in two dimensions. After all, why shock and awe with one floating airship if you can have three or five or a hundred? What's more, what could have been a revolutionary film that would seamlessly combine computer-generated images and human actors in a stylized and intriguing environment would instead become a flop because it doesn't meet the most important requirement of CGI. Just the graphics are amazingly bad. From car movement to aircraft physics, it seems that everything is just a little. I'm not funny here in any way. The child may notice that the car does not slip along the road like a sleeping train (if it is not a Mercedes S500). And for those who raise their voices in protest, crying "It's a stylized movie, it shouldn't be like reality," let me just say. The Lord of the Rings has set the standard for integrating real players with CGI, Starship Troopers has set the standard for ironic fictional films, Rocketeer did a definite job of restoring the 1920s Hollywood film portfolio and Tim Burton's Batman created a unique image of New York / Gotham, which has not been repeated yet. Sky Captain is so short of all these films that I find it hard to mention them in the same sentence. Plus, the actor is so poor, it makes me positive. So you have it. I spent $ 9 to watch this movie and you get my review. I hope this can prevent you all from making the same mistake I made.
