"Sky Captain" can be considered a comic, a cellulose adventure and a series of films, but it does not contain the best magic of these genres. One respondent says that enjoying a movie depends on whether or not the film's effects are felt. I don't think it's true at all. Expectations of films, fiction and series that the "master" respects were completely different. Especially those who experienced these entertainment when they were children. This film is not almost entirely their charm and magnetic attraction. Of course, we know that the wires get into and out of the ditches, but there must be some tension and drama there. The "Captain" law and the Paltrow climax are ten minutes to prevent a disaster, and by the time they reach five minutes they will not go to their goal. They take a long look and unnecessary conversation, and have fallen into the enemy's mind in 30 seconds, a tragedy. Certain conventions are, of course, expected to be involved, but a good director should have known some urgency. <br /> <br /> Such films may not be expected to "make sense". They are expected to be fun, exciting and have some interior logic. "Captain" has almost nothing. Remember when wings created creatures follow the law and the Paltrow, and they come across a tremendous amount of what they cross the crossroads? Well, how are they completely harmless for their beings when they reach the other side? They can FLY !!! The load itself does not mean anything to them. The bridge is not necessary for them to escape from? If the land through the gap is "forbidden for flying beings", the film did not want to let us know how or why or even if. <br /> <br /> I know Paltrow and the law (both of which have given a fine in the past) played "types" but both were pretty flat. Only Giovanni Ribisi (who showed himself to be a great nuance) and Angelina Jolie seemed to take on their roles, though Omid Djalili seemed to have been able to do a little more if he had the opportunity. He did a good job anyway, considering how he was basically wasted. <br /> <br /> The film had a great look but CGI has so many options. CGI works best when it is used to be fantastic when used to create creatures that are not natural or scientific or magical. When used to replace natural sites, it will disappear. There is no real wonder. The CGI Hill has no static nor fear and prophecy what a true mountain does. I know that the structure of this movie was quite deliberate and it didn't necessarily have to be a real deal, but shouldn't it look like that? It just wasn't. <br /> <br /> The weak and cliché script ... is not a tribute. Even if the film had some excitement and dramatic tension, it would have been enjoyable. The "last samurai" was as predictable as the days of the week, and I am not a fan of Tom Cruise, but he had everything that the "captain" was not the one that pulled the viewer into his world and made our rules and ways in such a way that "Sky Captain" is definitely not certain. <br /> <br /> I would like to see a similar approach to the movies of the 30's and 40's comic strips. The original (Jay Garrick) Flash or Green Lantern (Alan Scott) reminds him that he is mature for such treatment. Perhaps the better, better-known and fully realized characters these characters make would give a much better movie. It would be hard to be worse.
