This movie was a real torture fest to sit down. Its first mistake is to treat nuclear power as "bad", of course, that it hardly needs to convince this audience. If he fails to come forward with his argument, the participants have breathtakingly provided little substantiated facts; all that is missing is someone crying "when someone thinks of kids!". Looking at this movie, I thought, "Where did you hear it?". or "it may not be true" - little information was supported by reliable sources. And bless the fact that the film "Regular People" mostly met Luddites as people who understand the pros and cons of nuclear energy; To be fair, it may be a filmmaker's fault, but equally fair, this is a condition shared by the movie's rock stars. <br /> <br /> For performers ......... .. Now some of these people are highly appreciated musicians whose music I've enjoyed, and I'm sure some of them really believed this reason. But they have all met the old hippies, who are desperately looking for something that has been worked out, now that the 60s have passed. Graham Nash and James Taylor are particularly embarrassed. Nash seems to be too difficult - he looks like he can't believe what he's been talking about (not that I'm blaming him), but desperate is feeling and involved. James Taylor performs what must be the most amazing protest of the "hymn", "Stand and Fight", the most sickly joy you can imagine. In fact, most of the performances are quite blissful if they are not patronizing. No one seems to have developed this event, as if they had no meaning at all. It is worth noting that the whole driving force of this event seems to be John Hall, Orleans band, and responsible for some of the 70's MIM pops. (Remember, if you dare to "dance with me" and "still one".) It is worth noting because it is symbolic of how this cause does not create a real passion for music. The reason is supposed to be life or death, but all the dreams through these numbers as they play Catskills. Except perhaps Gil-Scott Heron - his protest number "We Almost Lost Detroit" is at least a subject, but delivered with the inconvenience of all colleges that are surprised at how "inconsistent" he is. <br /> <br /> Only Bruce Springsteen's performance boosts heart rate; I've never been a big fan of Boss, but he smokes absolutely no question. Some, in my opinion, think that he was done separately, at some other event, and that changed the film to give the audience an awakening. Compared to the satisfaction and satisfaction with the air here, it is no wonder that Bruce was welcomed as a rock'n'roll savior. I'm not expecting a flashy camera movement from the 70s movie, but the shots are unnecessarily static, breaking only with a split-second shutdown on the back-up singer almonds. Now, some of this may be because the performers are inexorable with life; and * maybe * filmmakers are more experienced in documentary photography than concert materials - but all you have to do is watch "Rust Never Sleeps" or "The Last Waltz" to see such a movie with more skill. And with more exciting musicians. <br /> <br /> So this movie is really just two: Springsteen's stellar performance and a sad snapshot of falling counterculture.
