This extremely weak Australian film about the film is kind of like Pavlov's Circus Test. You remember this famous "conditioned reflex" experiment from your school books, right? The Russian scientist Pavlov proved that the dogs tended to spit before the food was actually put in the mouth, and it repeated the recurring practices that stimulated the animal's reflexes. Before the dog was handed to the dogs, Pavlov started with a few pairs of watches and for a while he began to worry and get excited and already worshiped. What the hell has this whole boring explanation that is common with the understandable and low budget Aussie slasher, I hear you think? Well, the manic killer modus operand "Nightmares" is the exact variant of Pavlov's attempt. Each single sequence of murders is preceded by the sound and picture of the breaking of the splitting window, because it requires the victims to be cut into sharp glass. So it means that after a short while, inattentive and boring viewers can afford and just look again when they hear the sound of the broken glass. So they don't miss anything special! <br /> <br /> As for "Nightmares" as a movie quality, I can be very short. It is a cheap, unspiritized and largely beautiful Aussie cash in the popular trend of popular American films today. At the beginning of the 1960s, a four-year-old mother feels the cruel death of her mother when her throat opens in a car accident. Twenty years later the same girl? Helen Selleck? is a successful actor in the performance, but still has serious mental problems and regularly suffers from terrible setbacks and traumatic nightmares. He listens to the role of black comedy that plays death and becomes a part. Soon after the big premiere, everyone who is even tied to production will be killed. This has indeed slowed down the way this film tries to hold on to the mystery of the murderer's identity and motivation, even though even the most infantile viewer can find out after the first murder. I don't think I'd ever seen a more obvious whodunit than "Nightmares", and the creators should have just seen the face immediately and save themselves from embarrassment. Murderes are clear and very bloody and "unusual" is also an unhealthy large number of free nudity. However, production values ​​are bad and the film is never shocking or provocative at one point. The few clips we see in the actual game show that this is quite possible, which may be the worst in the production. The only positive elements of the film are the characters of the director and gay newspaper critic, both of whom are joyfully sarcastic and insulting the rest of the cast members as we do. "Nightmares" is a terrible piece of exploitative fear cinema, but hey, at least I gave you a golden tip to make it digestible.
