A cheap, mediocre successful, successful "Mummy Hand" is supposedly a dead evil Professor Andoheb (George Zucco), who made his predecessor Mehemet Bey (Turhan Bey) a retribution abroad to America using mommy Kharist (Lon Chaney, Jr. are hidden .. all the stuntmen could do the same reliable work that had sacrificed the victims) to kill the surviving Banning family members, whose patriarch Stephen (Dick Foran) and assistant Babe Hanson (Wallace Ford) received Princess Ananka's body from the grave of Egypt. Andoheb regards it as an act of extreme sanctification and wants the family to suffer for such a terrible act of ancient Egyptian practice. Bey and Mummy Kharis find a nice shelter in the cemetery where Karnak's high priest can work as a hidden caretaker. Every full moon, Bey feeds Kharist's fluid form from several Tana leaves, which keeps him alive, but also for his master's wishes. Bey tells Khar to kill Stephen and his sister Jane (Mary Gordon), while they have long been returning to Babe so she becomes a victim. does not know that Bey secretly secretes his groom that he is going to rob him with the help of Kharis. John's life is in danger because his father is also the last member of Banning's line. If Bey has Isobel, there is no chance of Bannings being born any more. The police must find Kharis and responsible for killing him. Bey. <br /> <br /> This movie is a continuation from HAND, which years later became members of this film, Foran, Ford & Zucco all appear to be aging, "make-up offers wrinkles that show gaps over time when Andoheb has prepared Bannings John and Isobel's cornball romance seem to be just in this plot, so Bey screws up the danger of his perfect plan, which was successfully carried out before he pulled it up. The whole "love-first-eye" garbage is not really washable for me, and you have a mommy who can kill people with one hand. This movie also uses the material from the previous film to save that budget. yes, what is typical for universal monster images, even in America, a person illuminates a cellphone .. who worship after Kharis. You know how it ends. John and the superb Kharis kidnap in a big mansion, burning around them every where evil is on fire.
