A few minutes after the credit ran, I set it up on cable TV for one night, so I didn't know who had done it at first. The longer I saw it, the more I started thinking, "Jesus, it looks like Albert Pyun." However, it was not quite sure that there were two main reasons: photography was quite good (and the Utah desert landscape was beautiful) and Scott Paulin gave a fun performance like Simon, a murderous cyber, but a sense of humor with some style and thought. Paulin must have created many smart single liners that he put out because Albert Pyun hasn't written anything far from being funny or coherent during his career. Unfortunately, Paulin doesn't have as much time before he's gone and for the film it's worse. Lance Henriksen, who plays the cyber of the evil head, crumbles his way as he has made countless other such films. I don't know what Hell Kris Kristofferson is doing in this matter; maybe he wanted to see what the Utah desert looked like and get paid for. He goes through the search (and sounds) of the film as he just woke up and actually spends most of the movie in the last half of the tent. Kathy Long, a nominal hero, has a big body, is attractive, has a big body, fights very well, has a big body and has no ability to act, but in such a movie it doesn't matter. This is a film by Albert Pyun that is full of the trademarks we all have known and loved: a man and an idiotic dialogue, dirty editing, and the impression that they lost the roll in the middle of the picture and thought, "Ah nobody ever noticed." <Br / > <br /> Like this movie, it's still a shade that is bigger than most of Pyun's other efforts - "Citizen Kane" compared to his brain-anesthetic Adrenaline: Feel the Rush, for example. The struggles are pretty well done when they recur (after he strikes eight or nine men one after the other, you find yourself saying "Alright already, go for something else") and Long is very sporty (and if the previous poster is noticed, great derrière). It is not a good imagination for any imagination, but it is nowhere near as inconsistent and incompetent as Pyun's ordinary extravagant. You could do worse than renting this movie - not much worse, given but worse.
