The allegation of a difficult sexual attack with some other unpleasant peccadilloes, including the misuse of bones, is made against one and a half of the most popular Glen Ridge high school jocks in New York. (Heather Matarazzo). Case study and reconstruction will be handed over to DA's office, where Ally Sheedy and Eric Stoltz are run. <br /> <br /> Rumors of the incident spread to Glen Ridge, a high-end suburb where jocks have adored everyone in the community. (One of their fathers is a Lieutenant Police.) Nobody believes in Matarazz. "Our boys would never take such a bitch into the basement, rape him and subject him to such sexual humiliation." The question is whether Sheedy and Stoltz will ever be able to form a sufficiently convincing case to bring jockeys to court. Matarazzo is not the ideal plaintiff. He is desperate for love and friendship, and it makes it easy for faux friends to mislead. The narrow reporter says, "You can trust me," but it turns out that the reporter cannot be trusted at all. Another student, a very popular girl at school, pulls Linda Trip to Matarazzos, pretending she is her bomom friend, but always asks leading questions about the case - and hitting the results! As a result, this story is viewed in the same way as a skater. At first it seems Sheedy and Stoltz are a good thing. But then, oops, the community organizes the law. Then it looks good again. But then the reporter intervenes. Then this obstacle has not been overcome before Linda Tripp puts her big nose into the study and publishes the tapes that seem to show Matarazz. (Well, in fact he had lied - but he lied to his interrogator to make him pleasing.) Then it is overrun, but Matarazzo is opposed because he doesn't want him to be described as "slowed". Eric Stoltz is a prosecutor. I say that is exactly why he and I were living in Pago Pago at the same time. (I hope he wasn't the child I was confused by the Marine Club. When he was, I'll take back my compliment.) Ally Sheedy is a strange actor and it's hard to characterize. He did a great job of "Fine Art", but I didn't feel any particular effort on that role, which was pretty formal anyway. I don't think he or Stoltz or anyone else could give the courage that is essentially a comic book. <br /> <br /> Producers and the director were pleased to choose Heather Matarazzo as a victim. The worst thing they could have done is a visually cute, neo-blonde blonde. Instead, Matarazzo, being at all unsightly, looks quite common and this regular quality is complemented by his care and makeup. Also, the writers have not turned to be gentle. She has a nice and sometimes irritating listening, which is all good. <br /> <br /> Matarazzo's character is best drawn in the film. Rivers are stereotypes. Pure evil. They think they are above the law, ferry in some nice girls' party in eastern orange, much worse during the trash feast than "La Dolce Vita" climate change and leave without explanations or apologies. They deserve this neck - and they do it. <br /> <br /> I called it a comic book and that's pretty much what it is. It does not oppose our prejudices. He reaffirms his belief that the world can be divided into good and evil. And we have no doubt at the moment who is who. What I'm expecting - not really, it's just a rhetorical - is a movie that's almost exactly like that one and a dozen of you, but where the victim is LYING to get your name and photo in paper and collect all those sympathy chips from right thinking, like our rest. Some people are good, some are strictly routine. Okay. Fair enough. Now, when we see a movie about the Tawana Brawley case, where a teenage girl disappeared for a couple of sunny days, her friends stayed on her, tied her up and put her on the dirt so she claimed that the police had kidnapped and raped her? Now, it would be a challenge just as it is not.
