I am usually a Spike Lee fan. It takes time for her "mojo" to come, but when you see a clear message and the ability to speak near your heart, Lee is a genius. Unlike the 25th hour or Bamboozled (two of my favorite films), there was no clear story in this movie. I understood the struggle between Washington and its choice, or the influence of others, but for some strange reason, Lee could never get a real feeling. Washington did the decent work he was given, but you can say that it wasn't Lee's favorite movie. Lee not only directed this film, but also wrote. You can say. The work of the camera was terrible and the writing only helped to break the film. This movie was a full circle and it wasn't pretty. Lee was not 100% behind the film as he did with the right things. Of all the movies I saw, Lee was the brightest and most modest of his films. It was almost as if he had created a Hollywood movie instead of one of his own. I don't know if he saw the money for the right thing and ran it together or what? but this movie didn't show its true talent. <br /> <br /> For anyone who has seen this movie and may have finished watching a film led by Spike Lee because of this movie, I suggest you give him another chance. Don't do me wrong, I see exactly where you come with this movie and why you want to put it, but Lee is growing up. His work is becoming more and more common and you see a change in the desire for money that you just want to make good movies. It took me some time to watch the 25th hour, but when I did, it was very brilliant. Maybe the actors, maybe the story, but Lee made an amazing movie without knowing one man's journey. I think that was what I hoped would be Mo 'Better Blues. This really blind journey to a man who has never grown up, but all I got was Denzel, Denzel. He is indeed one of the most versatile participants of this generation, and I consider him to be the cinematographer of Sydney Poitier, but it was not a film to show his talent. <br /> <br /> Another problem I had with the movie was playing Spike's sister for one's love. I don't know about you and your family, but I don't think I could have filmed a sex event with my sister. I don't care who the actor is or how much money I can pay, I never do it. It's just something I never want to see, but it's probably different for Spike. She went on and showed her sister's full picture without regret. It was sad and it even made me blush. I also need someone to answer me. What was Flavor Flav introducing this movie? So, I'm sitting there on my couch, ready to start a movie, if suddenly the voice of the past explains the studio that made this movie, he admits himself. It didn't bring a story of strong survival. Again, I felt that Lee was making money instead of real talent. Maybe he can afford Denzel and Wesley on the same disc without explosion. <br /> <br /> There were two big scenes in this movie that made it look to the end. Don't do it wrong, it was a very bad movie, but every train always has a diamond. The scene where Bleek accidentally forgot what she was, was enchanting. He constantly went back and forth, confusing the truth in a way that proved that Lee was actually behind the camera. It was a visionary scene that was probably lost in shuffle due to the remaining bad scenes. Another scene that was worth watching was how Lee introduced and finished the movie. Maintaining the same pace and direction, he was able to relocate this tragic character and give him the opportunity to change his life. In addition to these two moments, the rest of the film was pure rubbish that was not worth watching if you were going to be blind. <br /> <br /> Rating: ** *****
