Spike Lee's written and guided mawkis jazz-bio-fiction often hides things often. <br /> <br /> Bleek Gilliam (Denzell Washington) is a leading jazz trumpeter who talks about the quintet that wraps them under Underdog. His problems include an incompetent manager, a hogging stage with a scissor and two girls with whom he plays a musical mattress. But the true love of his life is his trumpet and his music. The leader of the band, Giant, is a dangerous gambling problem and turns out to be an inefficient negotiator with greedy club owners and would be the best, but Bleek will remain loyal as long as possible. He proves that he renounces the artist, but ironically contributes to his growth as a man. He is too cute a man who is focused on his art, giving patience and love to those who are close to him at a low distance. He's just not coming. Wesley Snipes, who plays Henderson, is much more suited to the role of a scissor player, but even if he had been in the mouth, the buggy threw Lee into a little dialogue. Like a giant, Lee hits a trifectat that has matched his writing and direction. Attempting to reflect the foolish but sympathetic Ratso Rizzo to Bleek Joe Buck, he takes a hit and even "I'm here" from Midnight Cowboy. In this case, you want the taxi to drive him and do it. <br /> <br /> Lee's script is all gentle arguments, heavy handles and a veiled insult that requires clumsy editing that Lee must inject to stay down. There are no sparks between the backgrounds of the band members and the samples, and Bleek, surprisingly gigantic conversations are just over. Completing this travesty is Lee's fanciful visual style. Tracking, zooming, and pans are wasted and irrelevant to scenes. They're just swinging. <br /> <br /> Blues is Lee's letter of love to jazz (indirectly surrounded by monumental mountains that have been plastered across the entire set) and it is all sentimental trappers without passion and verve. The Jazz movie is best served with the Taverner's "Round Midnight" and Eastwood's "Bird", which remain beneath the surface, revealing more sides, the pain behind it, beyond Forrest Whitaker's endlessly high performance and real Dexter. Gordon. This Spike Lee Joint doesn't even offer a light buzz. It's a pretty bad homeland.
