There are two groups of people ... those who love every Fellini movie they see and normal people. While I admit that I have really enjoyed some of his films, I can honestly say that I can't keep some of these movies. My opinion, by the way, is not just a knee race - I've seen most of Fellin's films and seen many of the world's most famous directors' films. With this in mind, I feel that the overestimated and annoying directors can be both Godard and Fellini. Both have rejoiced in the odd and often inappropriate look and have received awards from reviewers and "intelligence", while the average person never sits through their films. Heck, even a person who loves international cinema, is usually left cold when watching some of these films. So, since only a small clique looks at their films and they are already predisposed to see directors as genius, it is not surprising that their films are often praised - it's like a cult! If you don't believe me, think of many of Godard's films, such as the First Name of CARMEN or ALPHAVILLE ... or how FELLINI SATYRICON or PLEASE OF THE SPIRITS? These films are full of boredom, wonders and misunderstandings. Now, I'm not saying the movie can't be weird (after I love the happiness of KATAKURIS and SHAOLIN SOCCER), but it must be traceable! <br /> <br /> Now to this movie. Somehow, Fellin has managed to make a story of a sexually compulsive man who is totally bored and uneksxy. It's not a small task - it took a lot of work to make it so invisible. Instead of cheap sexual excitement, sex acts are choreographed foolishly and annoyingly, while Casanova's character is buried under so many makeup and prostheses that Donald Sutherland looks like ghoul. I know some of this has to be Fellini's intentions, but many viewers are completely bored because of this sterile performance - especially since Sutherland's lines are all poorly dubbed in Italian so he doesn't look or sound like himself! Unfortunately, if the movie is not packed into these boring sexual snacks, there is really nothing else to look at. <br /> <br /> An interesting note about the first sexual intercourse shown in this dull movie is that the actor looks amazingly like the younger version of Fellini's wife Giulietta Machine. Considering that, in addition to Fellin's earlier decades, machine companies such as prostitutes and a terribly abused woman, it seems that he may have actually hated his wife and was on screen. I read a bit about them and their tempting relationships, and it seems to be wearing it. This is the only aspect of this marketable film that I got interesting. Don't tell me I didn't warn you!
