Despite the seriousness of the subject, and probably the good intentions of filmmakers to make a film about white supremacy, Bronson Green, who wants to easily change the actor of New York, is L.A. Green, who is continually rejected by Los Angeles casting agents that they are outdated (i.e. too New York, when the 80s are looking big, blonde and foolish), finds it easy to succeed when he is ready to give up his image for forgery. Unfortunately, the new hair color and soothing "surfer" attitude to the Jericho Church is a way of action that agrees with the teachings of the white supremacy of the people of Aryan. Green is ready to forget his past easily and especially behind his 10-year-old young black friend to be a new spokesman for the Church. It doesn't make sense to see how basically our character is originally. It was this unexpected and loose nature that changed with a sudden return to a hardened, DeNiro obsession (like his taxi driver's character) who was able to fight battles. A real test for filmmakers, but what ultimately turns out to be something serious. <br /> <br /> Other characters are quite annoying and the things we force to admit to them are too simple - the psychotic paranoia of the church leader, the girlfriend's self-interested actress (the first girlfriend Bronson when she is in LA) and the new one Blonde girl with character is not so much developed, she is mostly just walking, talking is negligible. We just have to see them in the short moments where something random causes us to make assumptions about the characters. But any of them is really little. <br /> <br /> Another problem with this film is the divine time during which characters engage in very little important activity. Much of the start obviously concerns the introduction of the characters, and later we see Bronson's difficulties in breaking into L.A's acting scene and the frustrations resulting from continuous rejection. But after she is ready to accept her appearance and personality, she has wasted at least twenty minutes to thirty minutes with very little something happening. <br /> <br /> For films that are looking to draw attention to the irrational fears behind racism, this was not done with sufficient confidence.
