Sam (Thomas Cavanagh) and Gray (Heather Graham) are dedicated siblings who share an apartment and love for many things - a ballroom, 1940s movie music and their surprisingly attractive Charlie (Bridget Moynahan). Historically heterosexual, Gray is confused by his new feelings. <br /> <br /> Gray things turn out to be one bland movie I've ever seen. It is boring, predictable, uncomfortable, badly acted, and poorly written. Nothing about this was real and everything was very exciting. Nor is it really a romantic comedy that has a special twist, but a more "upcoming" movie. Sue Kramer tried to make romantic things in the first half of the year, and in the second half serious real acceptance and participation. Unfortunately, he failed unhappy. The first half was largely uneven and only Heather Graham was able to keep it a little. Then the film took a strange tone and got it all seriously. Serious scenes were badly treated and all the emotions were just fake. <br /> <br /> I think I would have enjoyed the movie a little more if the inter-character relationships seemed more authentic. The brother and sister relationship was very weak and they were not so close. Their relationship just didn't feel naturally. Tom and Bridget also felt very unnatural about the relationship. If two people get married in less than a week after learning about each other, you expect to see a little more excitement, but the characters talked about marriage in Vegan in the same way to ask the waiter what the specials are. There was a lack of excitement in the film and it was difficult to get the movie with unmotivated characters like that. <br /> <br /> The actor was mostly weak, which was quite surprising given the wrong lie. Heather Graham gave the only good results in the film. He was funny and had a couple of charming scenes, but it's too bad that all his co-stars were complete. Bridget Moynahan was very weak and his incidence was wrong at every level. He also seemed to read his traits. Thomas Cavanagh was pretty wooden and he didn't show almost any emotion. There was no chemistry between Thomas and Heather, and the film was damaged because their relationship seemed fake. I can usually rely on Molly Shannon to be funny in a supporting role, but here she was just annoying. Sissy Spacek had about two scenes and he was both annoying. Finally, Alan Cumming had just an embarrassing character and his performance was not very good. In general gray things are flat film and not worth watching. Rating 3/10
