I had to walk on this film after 15 minutes ... after having passed the run and the pure boredom. What really scares me, I really mean disturbing me, is that there are people who refer to this meaningless generation as "delightful" or "must see". I feel deeply sorry for the victims that it was not a clear impression that most of the positive comments on this lowland and the humorous travestir were written by industrial companies. <br /> <br /> The truth is that the movie is a flat film that does nothing to entertain or enlighten. It is certainly inconvenient, poorly written, and has the full tempo and energy of cold and canned rice powder. Being kind to Mrs Kramer, it is best to say that it was an unanswered opportunity to read the summary before I looked at it, I was expecting something more complicated. Possible misconceptions about the dependence of a close brother and sister, the unexpected awakening of the "sister" sexuality and the comic potential of such brotherhood (in the case of the same girl's protests) were all obvious comedy refreshing topics, but which each time turns the film away from frustration. <br /> <br /> Instead, the audience comes up with intricate, unstoppable, unlikely-drawn situations, where the cliché's testimonials and dull performances come from beliefs and apparently need a much stricter direction. The lack of management control seems amazing; On the one hand, Moynahan, Cavanagh and Spacek perform all very pedestrian performances while Heather Graham and Molly Shannon - especially the latter - occasionally lead to embarrassing overcompensation. The director can be blamed for this - maybe Sue Kramer hopes that if her actors move, they will make the audience laugh. But then again the veteran is cast; Sue Kramer really needs to think carefully about what movies she wants to do and to whom. Considering possible issues, gray things, and considering his inability or unwillingness to study them completely in the context of comedy, perhaps he should consider writing dramas. I know that movies about women and women are never easy to do, especially when we hope to reach a wider audience than just women, but no matter what direction it takes, irrelevant and thin characters like Gray are not going to cut the mustard.
