This is one of the worst films I saw this year. You shouldn't see this movie, but if you demand a waste of time, you should stop here, there are SPOILERS. Gray questions focus on Gray and Sam Baldwin (Heather Graham and Tom Cavanagh). Only Gray and Sam are brother and sister; living in the eyes of all others like a man and a woman. There is no sex but everything else. The beginning of the film begins with the topic: "The most absurd thing with you at the most absurd moment was that it was the most absurd reaction." Gray and Sam decided on a loan for a dog park loan. Rather, push your brother to get a skinny first woman whom he sees, he does it, and also gets useless questions. When he gives his brother a signal, they start a three-step date. Charlie (Bridget Moynahan) is a girl of their dreams, like all the right things, etc.? Sam's final hit with Gray over the head and the couple finishes the date with the marriage proposal! This Charlie accepts! In one week, Charlie, Gray and Sam must be in Vegan. Next week, Charlie and Gray are out of buying wedding dresses (probably Charlie is a rack figure). Gray slips into the lats with ice when Charlie recommends Gray to try some gown and selects $ 10,000 for him. When Charlie captures him in this "down-on-a-house", Gray continues to latte the lats (I swear that it was like a fodder bag). What should happen but "woops!" latte full dress. It has never been explained how they got out of Bloomingdale's bridal salon, a $ 10,000 suede dress. Back to 'reality'? Caesar Palace in Las Vegas. They have a "big roller room" (Sam is a resident surgeon and Charlie is an intern zoologist? Did they get all that money?) Gray strikes Sam out in a single room so he and Charlie can get the bachelorette drink-a-thon, you guessed it - they kiss. Gray remembers everything; Charlie remembers them. They make it into the wedding chapel and right when the admirer gets his line "If there's anyone who has any objection to the union of the two lovers," Gray gets hiccup. Gray apologizes, for some reason, the admirer must repeat his last line and the queue to the queue "hiccup". Gray goes back to NY and starts looking for a man he meets, literally. And, of course, it has guessed it again! Gay. The other is the jerk and the third is the taxi driver (Alan Cummings) called Gordy. He's been hit with gray, but feelings are not returned. They become a great friend. That's good, because if he can kiss Sam. She blows up and strikes her apartment. When Sam reaches his mind, he goes to his office. Gray works in an advertising agency. This office is in the middle of twilight. It features cameras and microphones in all conference rooms that are delivered to all of the agency's computer monitors. Sam gets to Gray in one conference room to talk not so privately and reaches him all over the office. This is where I doubt that a crew member had a gay or lesbian: Gordy comes to his rescue and persuades him to go to a lesbian bar. "Excuse me, no men," says the bomber. Both Gray and Gordy return with Gordy. Bad dragging. She was a sleeveless black satin-like blouse, a pearl strip and a grandmother's hats. No lesbian would interfere with this "man in dress" as a woman. The bar was also a straight man's fantasy of what the lesbian bar is: full of Victoria's secret model. Everything turns out to be a peach? he goes home with his business client. Gray happens to be in a woman's account and eventually makes more than a kiss. For some reason, no one tells Charley anything and she has forgotten all this kiss with Gray, but that is a sequel.
