When you watch the film as stupid as "Hot Rod", you have to sit, relax and make your intellectual capacity a similar one? which in this case is a sufficiently dynamic country to withstand the loose racket that has somehow been wrong with comedy. For a short duration of 88 minutes, this movie was long pulled out and buried under a bundle of recurring jokes? jokes that came into the minority and were not even funny. "Hot Rod" base material is superficial and irrelevant since the cult of the year 2004 hit "Napoleon Dynamite", although it is much more squeezing and without a smile. In fact, the blatant despair of the film, "Napoleon's dynamite" is comparable and offensive and left me unnoticed, rather than just disturbing it. <br /> <br /> Film when somebody was forced to make enough calls it is a bit of a story that puts us in front of a stuntman Rod Kimble, with a tiny intention to jump fifteen buses (one more than his idol Evel Knievel) jumped, so Rod has told us) and raising his $ 50,000 dollars to his father's upcoming rescue heart surgery; everything so that he can fight his stepfather when he's recovered and get his respect? because in order to get respect, you have to fight them first. Ah? What ever. Every character is more interesting than Rodi's sticky mustache and the movie's joke about his ridiculous conclusion that every scene played like a pointless and terribly unpleasant SNL skit? that adds 85 minutes is what Hot Rod is trying to do. <br /> <br /> Star of the film Andy Samberg contributed to the screen that drastically dropped every last comedy of his comedy abilities. Unfortunately? rather realistically? His humorous talents are no longer admirable than the five-year-old joke that somewhere contains innocent raw poop and pee-pee gags. And if it's frustrating, pull the chair, hide your face and pull yourself for a real blow: it's a humor of the movie! To save them from their condemnation, will I gladly leave Samberg's co-star roles and leave the second third of the Lonely Island team, director Akiva Schaffer, as her nondescript talent director? or comedian. Basically, here are all the things that could be done to further break the crash-course comedy; and as lofty as the movie would be so funny. Trick yourself to believe that there's even one laugh at this pile, or treat yourself to another movie? MIS other movie.
