This film can't remember whether its message is "people are evil and bad and animals are sweet and innocent" or "never go back with water." Fisher (Nolan) tries to kill a whale, a very bad thing, but if he accidentally (signifies you) hits a pregnant cow instead of his cow - and I use that word in all my senses - who is obviously ill in a psycho-caricature and its canonical villain - casts himself Propellers trying to chew themselves in the most embarrassing and nervous bits, not to mention the ineffective method to kill themselves. (I doubt it was his first.) If his unborn fetus breaks out of his nervous self-inflicted wounds, his companion will go with the spiritual spirit and swear that every person who even speaks about Nolan hurt, kills and destroys. Obviously, as with people, the total number of psychologists is the rest of the psychos. <br /> <br /> The film has a half-thought-out anti-human message, "Poor poor! Evil men must suffer and die!" and yet, it doesn't succeed in Nolan demonizing at all. It is true that if his motives were selfish and cruel, but when he first squats his first whale, and as the film progresses, he grows more and more compassion for whale pain until he seems to walk out on the ice and whale him to change it a little better. <br /> <br /> Films, whose final journey, where Nolan follows a whale that is odd on the road, reminds me of Melville's disgraceful male-whale association and for some time hinted at a really interesting conclusion that these two spouses could unite, even understand each other with respect, because Nolan lost his wife and unborn child to an accident. It is clear that Nolan respects the whale and knows its loss. But it never goes there. Whale does not recognize compassion or respect for anyone. <br /> <br /> The final scene loses its focus and becomes jaw-like, where the sea-monster finally kills all and Nolan, and undoubtedly through surveillance, fails to whine (if he did a bit early with his head.) I love animals and I have whaling, and even more I love the orca whale, but if the purpose of this film was to make me feel that the whale was a victim and that people were evil and despised, it was totally unsuccessful. Nolan shows compassion and growth and knows others and all whales are thinking about killing and mowing. <br /> <br /> The only message that can be walked on is that if you ever see a resin, everywhere you go to the wrong way to your people, he wakes you up to the end of the earth that destroys everything around you. "
