Many have said that Orca? Killer Whale is hanging jaws. This is not really true, although the huge commercial success of jaws was undoubtedly made by these men. More attractive proposals for filmmakers in the second half of the 1970s. Orca? Killer Whale would be better described as Moby Dick's modern reproduction. This is a story about obsession. On the one hand, the obsessive attempt of whales to honor their companion's death; on the other hand, the hunter's obsessive attempt to kill the whale before he can claim more lives. Unfortunately, Orca-Killer Whale is a very disappointing film, its very interesting idea, which has been somewhat destroyed by hammy performances and potty drawing. Sewer Canadian diving on the Atlantic coast. Their meeting ends with a catastrophe when a large white shark attacks Rachel's team, but the killer whale reaches the time to stop the shark. After that, Nolan becomes more real estate with Killer whale and sells it to the aquarium. But his plans come back when he accidentally kills a pregnant woman, while a look-like man looks. Rachel tells Nolan that the killer whale is an incredibly intelligent mammal with strong memory and feelings like a human being. Worse, the mother tongue Umilak (Will Sampson) warns her that the whale always remembers her grief and does her best to get hold of it. At first, Nolan tries to forget about the entire unfortunate incident, but the whale causes devastation in the fishing town and unpleasant local people are beginning to demand that Nolan put it down and destroy it. Finally, Nolan is forced to continue the killer whale? The yacht leads to an abandoned iceberg in the Arctic Ocean, where man and beast play their ultimate deadly battle against each other. <br /> <br /> There are two things in this movie. One of them is the strange score of Ennio Morricone (perhaps the greatest film composer of all time, his talents wasting in the 1970s and 80s on various tens of clubs). The other is Ted Moore's amazing widescreen photography that keeps the movie eye-catching. Orca in every other department? Killer Whale is a dirty film that does nothing to enhance the reputation of its talented masters and team. Harris looks very sick at the end of the film, his hair is spotty, black rings around his eyes and the skin deadly pale. His performance lacks the usual viability. Rampling strikes a lot of sexy things but can't convince her of the long-term and poorly informed explanations about the whale's way. The rest of the participants are wasted on short and underdeveloped tasks, the most memorable of which is Bo Derek's biting with his hostile whale. From the beginning to the end of the plot, there is complete nonsense, such superfluous sequences as the whale deliberately begins to fire in the fishing village that grabs and destroys the local refinery! While it is plausible to assume that whales are intelligent beings with true emotions, the idea that a whale is capable of revenge against one human being and to compute it wholly absurd. Orca? Killer Whale is really one man .vs. beast cycle from the late 70s. Most come away from a movie that shakes your head incredibly and grinds your teeth in despair.
