Orca begins as a harsh Irish captain, Nolan (Richard Harris), and his team tries to capture a great white shark to sell it to the big bucks, unfortunately, when an unhappy marine biologist Ken (Robert Carradine) attacks it, Shark is killed by a killer whale, raising Nolan's interest in Killer whales and decides that he wants to catch one of them. However, he is trying to catch a pregnant woman and injuries, as she interrupts her unborn fetus on a deck that makes her confused and enriches her companion, Nolan orders that the whale be returned to the sea to sell what happens. Male Killer Whale is annoyed to say at least & kills one of Nolan's crew before they reach the dry land of Newfoundland in Canada, when there are Killer Whale attacks on the city and its people. Fighting with the Sea ... <br /> <br /> Managed by Michael Anderson I thought this blatant blast was terrible, I am sorry, but I thought it was just ridiculous and completely boring in a modest 90 couple of minutes. The script by Luciano Vincenzon and Sergio Donat is so stupid that I lose my words, the fact that he seems to be taking it very seriously, does not help, and when I have to listen to Charlotte Rampling, how intelligent Killer whales are once more when I scream. Sorry, but I just don't think Killer Whale is intelligent enough to find out what a particular boat belongs to and sinks it, I don't think Killer Whale can cause a huge explosion, including knocking oil on the wall on the opposite side, because it hits the ground it is not possible to know that it exists, i don't think that killer whale can detect someone's house, i know someone is there and then wrecks for that purpose, i don't think the killer whale can move around the icebergs to catch the boat i don't I believe Killer Whales can recognize people physically and I don't think he has any revenge instincts or at least one that is as strong as this stupid movie. Maybe I'm a little harsh, I mean it's just a movie, but it's a movie that is trying to be serious and things just so ridiculous that I was half waiting for Killer's whale to write a letter to Nolan to tell him his plan and hand (or should it be fin?) give it, the thing seemed intelligent enough to do something else. They should have asked her to ask for a cure for colds! Seriously, this is a statement that is no longer far removed from anything else in this movie. I found the film very boring, completely boring and had a terrible character who had no presence at all. It goes without saying that this is jaws (1975), which doesn't even go close to the Spielberg classic. <br /> <br /> Director Anderson is not Spielberg, sure. fear, tension or atmosphere. All attack scenes are equivalent to weak water and completely unforgettable, they are not built and there is practically no fee, because Orca cannot eat one person. Then the scenes that literally smiled at me, the shouting pictures of Killer Whale, are pure comedy and two scenes of suspected enemies that I tried to show to them as a loving and caring couple, but I couldn't help but think that is closest to what we have ever done with Killer Whale porn. Killer Whales footage is boring and boring in itself, instead of recording a video that fits and improves its surroundings, it just looks like a terrible wildlife documentary with nothing else. Do you get the impression that I don't like this movie? Good. Forget about any gore or decent death, there is a short scene when Bo Derek has bitten his legs but flashes and you can forget it. <br /> <br /> This probably was a pretty big budget, and it still sucks on Orca is not very prominent, it's well done, but I think it's solid, lovely and completely forgotten. Film art is pretty nice. Action is bad, Rampling is terrible and the late Harris Irish accent is embarrassing. <br /> <br /> Orca is a flat Jaws rip-off that ignores or mixes everything that made Spielberg's movie so good, one of the lovers of bad movies everywhere. Certainly not recommended, though not as bad as jaws: The Revenge (1987).
