Recently I watched this movie on Hallmark. In my opinion, the film started to be decent enough, but finally it became sour. <br /> <br /> Story: A US soldier in Afghanistan gets one Christmas card that a female female from USA returns to her forces for Christmas. She gets so inspired by the Christmas card that she feels she has given her life hope and happiness, motivation to continue. When she leaves, she goes to the city where she lives. She comes over and a bright young woman and finally finds out that she is the one who sent the Christmas card. He meets the family and, after rescuing his father (veteran of Vietnam war), when he hits the car crossing the street, the family decides to take him for a while. We know he doesn't have a family at home. The soldier agrees to help the family during Christmas by working with them in their logging company. The family loves her and vice versa. The soldier also loves the daughter of the family - a woman who sent a Christmas card. There is only one problem. He already has a serious relationship with the man he loves. It is also a long distance relationship. The boy is very different from the soldier. He prefers wine and travel to France with hard work and great outdoor conditions. The woman prefers the latter. Throughout the rest of the movie, there is a "Triangle of Love" because the woman's boyfriend is back in the city who visits him for the season. Everyone in the family seems to want the daughter to be with the soldier, and the mother wants her daughter in principle the best. ** (SPOILER ALERT) ** A woman comes as a soldier more and more because they have a lot in common. They spend a lot of time together. He gradually enters his person. Then one day she can kiss her and she will be able to return her. Now she's so confused! He's in love with his boyfriend and wants to marry him one day, but he's so fond of the soldier. Soon, the boy (who does not know the kiss, but is a very protective woman and thinks the soldier has tried to move him forward) decides to propose to the woman and he agrees. However, his plans for their marriage are not plans he wants. She wants to be at home, kids and be close to her family. He wants to travel around the world, go to exotic places, and if they have children, he wants to take them with them. It doesn't seem too exciting for a woman. But the soldier knows what he has done and does not want to make things worse. So she decides to leave the city, despite the fact that her father called her to stay with her daughter. All of this happens when we find out on Christmas Eve with the church that the soldier has not left yet. The boyfriend and the wife talk to each other outside and he who is cordial decides to let him go and leave with him. The movie ends with a woman and a soldier. <br /> <br /> I like: I like a soldier on the whole movie. He is basically nice and polite, with a strong feeling that others are doing good; there are moments when the family goes with the Church and participates in charitable causes; the family holds hands and prays at dinner at dinner; father and mother have a long and obviously healthy marriage; The soldier is trying to do the right thing in a situation where he did something very wrong. <br /> <br /> Things I don't like: In this movie, there is a very typical "love triangle"; the soldier becomes sour when he moves slowly and delicately onto his wife and then he can finally kiss him with the boy-kiss; most of the family praises this behavior practically - the family goes with the church and participates in the services, but that's how they work; is a bad language <br /> <br /> Conclusion: I became disappointed when the movie ran, and it got worse and worse. I finished the end of the fast movie because I had enough. So, the movie started with some gem moments, but ended with self-destruction. That's why I don't recommend this movie to anyone.
