It's an exciting movie - especially for old film lovers and historians (I'm both). Unfortunately, in the first half of the twentieth century, black Americans were not usually allowed in white theaters. As a result, black target groups wished catering to theatrical films and show black actors. In many cases, the films were practically similar to the standard Hollywood fare, but with much, much less budget - and usually terrible output values. You can't really blame the filmmakers - they just didn't have the money and resources available to the average filmmaker. As a result, they had to do much less - including the overwhelming reliance on stockholders who saw time and again, some money to re-use scenes and the need to get FAST movies! This movie was very hard to be the black version of Gene Autry - instead of Herb Jeffries. Jeffries was a combined ancestor's light-skinned man and he played in several similar cowboy movies. Everyone sings little, fights little (though very badly) and loves little - everything you need to cowboy. Believe it or not, Jeffries is still alive at the age of 96. <br /> <br /> The general plot was inseparable from the autry image - with anachronistic objects like western phones! The problem is that, despite its similarities, it looks like a low budget. Stymie (from Li'l Rascals) flubbed a few lines, but they just left it, the fighting scenes were completely uncoded and were among the worst films, some paired holes, the background music was not (leaving) the movie strangely quiet) and the actor was quite terrible. <br /> <br /> Now, this doesn't mean the movie isn't worth seeing - it's just technical issues that prevent it from achieving a higher score. One reviewer, strange, threw this movie 10! How this can be for all problems is beyond me. But I understand that the person likes the film despite many problems. The plot is generally pretty good, the characters love it, the musical numbers are great and you know that the filmmakers tried so hard AND this is a very important part of American history. But 10!? By the way, in odd casting, very tall, lean and almost white skins are tied to the short, filthy and exceptionally dark Mantan Moreland .... as his brother !! You may also be familiar with Spencer Williams. He played with Andy on TV "Amos' n Andy".
