FBI READING (1959) was Warner Bros. Don Whitehead's book came up with a somewhat laborious scenario by Richard L. Green and John Twist, led by Mervyn LeRoy only in any mood. But it was a great result of Joseph Biroc's great color art and studio musician Max Steiner. <br /> <br /> The film charts the history of the office from its little beginning in the twenties to the present, and all of it saw the memories of the aging agent, Chip Hardesty (James Stewart), as he associates his research experiences - rebounds - with young youth agents. But it's all very long and episodic! And as it progresses, it will look like a TV mini-series instead of a big movie production, as the young Hardesty runs on American criminal level, taking such infamous criminal data as "Baby Face" Nelson, Ma Barker, Dillinger, and so on. such shameful organizations as Ku Klux Klan, Nazi spy rings and the Red Threat. And here it should be said that the FBI STORY would probably have ended with a disaster only in the presence of its star screen and complaint. What's more, this is another problem with the picture - Stewart leaves the whole movie almost independently! Except for Vera Miles, who is long-suffering but dedicated to her husband, she is surrounded by small players! You can find yourself halfway through someone like Robert Ryan, Jack Palance or even Raymond Burr to make a welcome entry as a mobile or police leader or whatever. But something that is never as imaginative as ever happens! Damage! <br /> <br /> The movie still manages the office! With Stewart's story, we find out about thousands of men and women working for an organization that includes hundreds of agents. We are also being dealt with at the headquarters where gigantic records are located, and we also look carefully at the daily work of chemist and fingerprint experts. <br /> <br /> Another movie plus is the remarkable result of Max Steiner! Listening to headlines is a powerful, striking and confident march, while the mild moments of the picture are an attractive theme of love. But quite brilliant is the threatening and ominous march theme of the Ku Klux Klan sequence. And even better is the rhythmic Latin American music that the composer wrote for South American scenes, especially for exciting Fandang as orchestras for the arrival of federal forces on a horse horse. FBI STORY was one of five scores written by the composer in 1959 and included Samuel Bronston's naval epic "John Paul Jones", the charming Rom-com "Cash McCall", Delmer Daves "west" "Hanging Tree" and Daves "A" Place ", which derived the Young Love Theme - which was supposed to become Steiner's big hits, better known as" Theme From A Summer Place ". <br /> <br /> FBI READING almost passes through as a film thanks to Biroc's rich color art, Steiner for great music and of course Jimmie Stewart, who is doing something to follow! <br /> <br /> Classic but incredible line of FBI nature ............. Bland Nick Adams (who has just been flying, with 43 people on board, including his mother) handcuffs, he turns to an arresting officer and blurs: "If I get a mail, you can send it to Canyon City within the next month or after - you can send it to HELL ile. Wow!
