Although there are some fragments in this 4-part documentary that point to the need for drug law reform, they are not very well developed, unlike many of those who feel that currently illicit drugs are a scourge, the only possible solution of which is even the imprisonment of those who even in possession of such drugs. <br /> <br /> Although this program as a whole leaves the viewer with the impression that drug warfare is largely useless and a waste of money, and that it deserves praise, almost none of this documentary deals with the very real problems that a full war against them Those who only have illegal drugs obviously cause serious problems that most drug warriors themselves would tell you that if they ask, they think the drug war has been resolved. For example, if in the 80s the rise of crack cocaine related to the rising popularity of crack cocaine takes many minutes, this program will in no way signal that these legislation, designed to suppress crack cocaine, make drug dealers impossible for their contracts and business arrangements in the courts, forcing use them for violence to continue their business. But instead of seeing the law as a major cause of violence, drugs seem to be guilty. Inexplicably, this program completely disregards the ban on alcohol, the resulting violence and the subsequent reversal of the ban. <br /> <br /> This program will help to keep ridiculous stereotypes of drug users, and that is the key to managing a very expensive and very problematic drug war. The ability to add drugs other than alcohol to a happy and successful life does not really come together. The use of any form of over-the-counter drug is likely to cause personal problems, but not all users are over-druged, as if all alcohol users are not alcoholic. <br /> <br /> If you want someone to believe that adults have a moral right not to be imprisoned and destroyed by their criminal justice system for simply taking drugs, the government has decided rather on a very arbitrary political reason than a credible social policy and legitimate science reasons. completely forbid, whose users have decided to accept non-metaphorically war, just forget about it. None of this is here. <br /> <br /> On the other hand, it is hardly a category of anti-drug propaganda. Mostly in the 20th century in the United States, such as marijuana, LSD, heroin, cocaine, MDMA, and Oxycontin are neutrally presented in drug history. However, drug laws have an important role to play for many people, and most (but not all) of them are not very well thought out or well-informed and inclined to favor a drug warrior's mindset, especially with regard to drugs other than marijuana. <br /> <br /> The criminal justice system, with its often harsh punitive penalties, is clearly not the only answer or the most appropriate response to any social problem, but unfortunately there is a peaceful epidemic in that country. not yet mentioned, the main symptoms of which are the lack of imagination in relation to social policies for certain drugs, lack of compassion for other people, prejudices against people who use drugs that have not been approved by the government, may be of interest to the prison / police industry and to human dignity terrible apathy. The kidnapping or imprisonment of people is morally wrong if you do not have a good reason to do so, and simply owning an arbitrarily selected group of medicines is clearly not a reason for that. This is really a primary issue with drugs, but this program ignores it. <br /> <br /> So, in summary, parts of the program that present a neutral history without bringing stereotypes to drug users. Heart Drug War mentality is quite good and interesting and fun. But when it comes to presenting a rational non-radical perspective on drug policy and giving viewers examples not only of people with drug problems, but also of many people who successfully bring drugs into a happy and successful life, it is quite disappointing.
