Madonna has been trying for years to prove not only herself but also the public that she can act. Unfortunately, it is not too hard to try to blend yourself if you can't do your own. <br /> <br /> He seems to be better off if he is not a star of any movie: if you look at him supporting the performances DESPERATELY SEEKING in SUSAN (1985) or LEADE THESE OMA (1992), he actually comes out good. As the story revolves around other actors, the weight of expectations is taken out of their shoulders. <br /> <br /> The problem begins when he is asked to be a star of the movie, regardless of the genre. Being focused on a plot that needs to be visually speaking, be it good, mediocre or terrible, it must show up in a way similar to real movie performance, not video performance. This is an important difference between Madonna and, say, Bette Davis or Meryl Streep. The last two, even if the film failed (because the visual storytelling did not give us any efficiency because it touched us or because the script was little or because the actor was not by itself just for the moment) would have something extra in their performances that would make the movie complete bombing. Both Davis and Streep have their part: Bette, who has a longer career than Streep, like BUNNY O'HARE (1971) and WICKED STEPMOTHER (1989); Streep SHE-DEVIL (1989). But at least it has been naturalism that both attacked their roles, which made us forget about the banal of the film and watch the performance. <br /> <br /> Madonna, on the other hand, is not a very talented actor who can really allow us to convey a person other than herself, at much worse prices, and even someone like Woody Allen in SHADOWS and FOG (1992), lower The classic seems to have shown that he sees time. and a bit stiff, maybe even nervous, as if he were aware of the cameras and the team and just couldn't get it. <br /> <br /> So he tries to prove once again that he is able to act on a two-character film. Guy Ritchie, known for his masculine-filled movies, seems to be an adrift that tells a story closer to someone Michaelangelo Antonion or Ingmar Bergman, who could talk the story of two people incredibly easily. And after 89 minutes, the events take place so convincingly that when the last half hour comes and the story is dramatic, he doesn't feel sincere. From an absolute witch who has no redemption values ​​to suddenly fall in love, it must be the most convincing 180 degree turn, because Fay Dunaway Laura suddenly discovered her passion for Tommy Lee Jones in the LAURA MARS SILVER (1978). Equally convincing is that Adriano Giannini's nasty turn to the middle of the film - it has no humor and looks really psychopathic - and when he gives Madonna's love it is too fast to believe. This filming in slow music and the visual assembly of love and beautiful landscapes does not enlarge or add to this "transformation" of what would have been the story of survival between improbable signs and a love story where both discover each other. /> <br /> Trying to get an unsatisfactory end to the movie - it's just dragging, abducting, and when Madonna has to be filmed from hopes of devastation in a tight close-up, she feels like she's trying too hard. Many actors have done so much in doing so little. He is a performance that is better suited to the operational styles of the late 20th, early 30s, where substitution was partially compensated by emotion. <br /> <br /> Can the film be better? Of course. There are many ways to film it in a way that would leave the viewer feeling that these people could at least hope to see each other again - for example, in OVERBOARD (1987). It may have been an existential undertone in which two very different people must rely on each other, but not necessarily change (to ensure moral tone). A lot of dialogue and unnecessary erotic scenes could have been saved with a silent movie - like PERSON (1966). It could even have been a thriller, provided that Giannin's character had an average streak like Billy Zane was DEAD CALM (1989). Even if it had been done as a sex farce, Madonna would have worked better than the upper, uber-controlled freak who got her result. But with this medium stripe of humor, without having at least a glimpse of his character, which has a softer side that hides behind the woman's mask, and without actually defining Gianni's own character, it becomes another plague that tries to look like a sex battle.
