I saw it in almost the actual cinema theater (art house theater, no less!), But I couldn't play it in the week he played, but yesterday I saw this cable and ... well ... I wasn't disappointed, it's definitely! Madonna has done it again: one more thing! When does this woman learn? When do studios learn? (Or maybe they already exist because this movie was largely dumped, with little fanfare and a deadly word of mouth.) Hopefully, he would lead his talented spouse who has created some interesting and / or terribly fun work. Madonna of the same quality showed "Desperately Seeking Susan"; Unfortunately, it is not just meant to be, because here it is very bad: the individual is convinced of its size, the breakthrough of any kind of frame that has become even more intolerable with his brilliant faux-British accent. an accent that only emphasizes that his speech is immature and not particularly pleasant. It may seem unpleasant to cruel, but to listen to a woman and watch her movies, for example, in the last decade: like last day at Bette Davis, not only is her carriage, but her face and body misleading here, despite all the warm photography shown on the film (may- to be its only sustainable grace) is not favored. For credit, the whole thing is so wrong that it is wondering if the biggest actor in the world on the best day could do something about this mess. No one can go unharmed: Bruce Greenwood seems to be hurt to be on the screen, although poor Jeanne Tripplehorn seems to be as if he was really good at all times, "refusal is not just a river in Egypt!" Adriano Giannini, Giancarlo Giannini , The Italian original "Swept Away ...", like his father before him, is tremendously attractive and not at all bad (despite winning the Razzie nomination "worst actor"), but like almost everything else about this production, it comes back to Madonna whose shoulder is guilty. Why he? Why not his wife's director Guy Ritchie? Just who you think was behind that remake? Which actor wouldn't want almost every movie to be in his midst, but the relative doesn't share that screen? Oh sure, Ritchie deserves some accusation: surely he - or someone - ALL! - should have been and could have taken his driver away and demanded something that borders ACTUAL FEELING in his real exhibitions (his performance is so pure that the surprise is that the rest of the cast did not break) or at least show the similarity of heat ... but he it seems to be the opposite of being a black hole in the movie. Beyond and beyond it is strictly his project of the star task, so he is ultimately responsible for it. Such a film, the "Odd Couple", a class war, should be easy and fun, with leaders who can bounce one another wisely, even romanticly, with the dialogue that still gets a movie with two different people on the plot really? Frankly, I don't think anyone would have known exactly what tone they tried; it will not succeed as a comedy (I will ever laugh at you) or romance (Madonna's Ice Princess routine excludes NO CHEMISTRY). It is not bad enough for even lovers of bad films. True Shame ...
