Well, where do you start from here? Straight ends give me some dilemma. If this film had come out in Italy, for example, in 1975, led by Ruggero Deodatto and was celebrated by David Hess, then I licked it faster than Labrador drinking water on the summer day. Because Tarantino and Rodriguez are busy elsewhere when they respect the cinema of the lighthouse, Dan Reed has produced an image of his rape / revenge floor house in England and the seemingly the same budget as Rodriguez had taken from a McGowan foot gun. Because if you want to play bingo in a grinding house, let me call the numbers: <br /> <br /> 1. A rich, high-flying career woman meets in a vague way on the wrong side of the rails a little harshly and equally unreliable. Check it out. <br /> <br /> 2. Free movement of a high-driving woman in a variety of situations. Check it out. <br /> <br /> 3. Fake and highly unlikely plot development that creates characters that exist only to do what they do and who can't imagine they have outside scenes. Check it out. <br /> <br /> 4. Inadvertently graphical rape committed by male gangs who have no noticeable personality or background depth beyond rape. Check it out. <br /> <br /> 5. Heavy and bloody murders and revenge scenes to turn it all off. Bingo! Planned, straight ends are pretty basic things: Dyer meets Anderson and calls him to the party in his boss's country. At home, they disrupted three local residents in Landover who take revenge, giving Dyer a good shoe and gang rape to Anderson. The couple then decided to get revenge. So far there are "Straw Dogs", "Late Night Trains", "House of the Park", "I Spit On Your Grave", etc. etc. There are several reasons: I think first of all, Gillian Anderson's most pleasant prima facie will lead me to wait for a better one, but this is the complete lack of honesty here as the most. <br /> <br /> Because when someone else sits down to look at Hess and his worst women and murder their menus during those periods in the 70s, they always know exactly what they're getting - the low-budget fast, meant to be only to shock and turn to the lowest common denominator. Baddies terrorize and murder goodies, goodies turn tables into baddies and kill them back, and everyone is happy with their desires to see a little nasty violence slaked and safe knowing that the world once was restored. As a writer and director, Dan Reed, however, clearly believes that Straightheads have much more to say about the state of the human psyche and desperately tries to infiltrate their film with a philosophical depth that doesn't just exist. For example, when Anderson and Dyer intend to revenge their attackers, they learn that one rapist has a fourteen-year-old daughter who is the object of the lust of two men. When Anderson finally meets her face to face, she admits she just raped her as a disorder so her two companions would take her daughter off! The casual and cruel way that Reed falls on this little revelation plot is just a jaw, it is almost the same as he hopes that this simple reference to pedophilia is enough to throw the audience's moral compass over and bring them to the cinema to just think of something important. In order to make sure that we get it, this is the second time the rape passage has been shown, from the perspective of the attacker, and his concern for his daughter, but Reed makes sure we get a lot more shots. Anderson's carcass went and raped all over his car hood. After being told about the reasons for his rape, Anderson binds the table, breaks the end of the sniper rifle business (with a voluminous muffler, if no one was clear that it was a fictional image), he doesn't have the courage to say, Dyer (who doesn't have one) such moral qualities) that it is over. Dyer argues otherwise and their moral dilemma is presented as something that Wittgenstein and Russell could discuss in their rooms on the Cambridge theme and cakes. It is almost ridiculous for your ridicule. <br /> <br /> Honestly, Anderson works in all of her films. It is obvious that he wants to leave Scully and bless him, he certainly does; one wonders what Mulder would have done with his former partner squatting to leak on the way and then blame the man for the gun? Dyer, on the other hand, does what he has done with almost every movie he has done so far - that is, playing gor blimey guv with cockney-type chappie with a robbed smile, a dusty battery and a face that most people would never get tired of punching. This is especially true of the end scene, where, after killing his attackers in the cold blood, the Dyer looks at the camera that I am sure it is, an existential anguish that calls us to understand the fate of the hand. and his moral disappointments he had to overcome, but rather resembles Oliver Hardy, who looks at the camera sharply when Stan has once again made him confused. By the way, this movie takes a pretty nice look.
