When I was sad, I rented Elm Street 3 years ago at Nightmare and there was a music video, I'm pretty sure what was called Dream Warriors, and I rented it on a DVD hoping the video would be there because it was one of the funniest things I've ever seen. It's amazing how things in the 80s are so funny now, but nothing is more fun than the 80's rap videos. After that credit, this rap group song in the VHS version of this song was the song "Dream Warriors", and they wear like denim beds that don't have a shirt, and form the appropriate jeans-shorts, all of which are browned at the bottom of Daisy Dukes. What could be a more raped group of rapes, which I can't imagine. <br /> <br /> (spoilers) In any case, I was disappointed that I was looking for this video from the DVD version, so all I had was mediocre in Freddy Krueger's series. The film has the same idea as Part 2, whose main character sees all kinds of terrible murders and then comes out of the trance and finds himself with a bloody hand. Kristen Parker (Patricia Arquette) is a nightmare from the notorious house Nancy Thompson lived in, then runs into the bathroom, sink handles turning into Freddy's hands and attacking her and then waking up in her bathroom with her wrists. From there, the film becomes part of a normal mental hospital. <br /> <br /> "Larry" Fishburne, who is tired of always playing a bad boy in his roles, was happy to play the role of this movie with a nice, clever, stubborn, but adjustable, if patients want to bend the rules a little. Not surprisingly, he turns on the leap and limits the movie's best results. Later Arquette became an actor, but she didn't play her acting skills in the starring of her film. The characters of the film are mostly all patients of a psychiatric hospital, whom Kristen will put on after the wrists. All of them are cynical and refuse to cooperate, almost do not believe they actually belong. Finally, they understand and can convince employees that they all have dreams of the same man, and that is not just a hysteria of a group. <br /> <br /> Heather Langenkamp has returned to his famous role as Nancy Thompson, this time he became a dream historian because of his childhood experiences with Freddy Krueger. No wonder he can quickly associate with the hysterical Kristen and the rest of the patients because he had experienced exactly what they were going through. In this respect, some interesting murders and the technology used for special effects have taken a huge leap. There's a giant, worm-like Freddy, trying to swallow Kristen all over, there's a scene where the television turns into Freddie and with mechanical weapons he takes one patient out there for late night entertainment and punishes him for sitting too close to the TV, but there is also a compelling movement where is a fight with Freddy Krueger's skeleton that has climbed the car's car. And one of the most frightening scenes was where Freddy attacks one of his dreaming patients (known as dreams), tearing muscles and tendons out of his hands and feet and directing him like a doll. Okay. <br /> <br /> We see Freddy's past in this regard. Not only do we judge our mother, but we also learn the facts that led Freddy to get more than 100 maniac. In the struggle, Freddy, all the bands are fighting together and using their special powers in their dreams (most of which reflect their real shortcomings). One of the pupils involved in a wheelchair is able to walk in his dreams, the other has fun abilities, which he calls "wizardry", the other is beautiful and bad (he has a lot of makeup, his hair is standing high-Mohawk, and he has knives). Clever, but the film tends to have only one of the patients who cannot speak, who have no authority in their dreams until the culmination of the film, when he suddenly realizes that he can talk in his dreams just the right moment to save the day). His dream power was a bit too obvious to be left out for so long, but collectively you can see why the name of the movie was Dream Warriors. <br /> <br /> All in all, this is not a weak entry into the series. Action is pretty dirty, but it's really good for the movie. Larry Fishburne hides the rest early, showing great acting skills at the beginning of his career, and is not just the transformation of the first two men? a problem that captures the 13th film on Friday much more than Elm Street movies. The characters are never developed enough to allow for much later tension, so most deaths are more than creative ways to kill someone in a movie, as a tragic loss of one's life, we've come to know our triumph over evil and rooted. But then again, not many horror films take time to really develop your character until you die in your hands, or when they are on the edge of your life during your life. But it is important to note that the few horror movies that actually do it are almost always the best?
