NIGHT EVELYN CAME OUT OF GRAVE (Emilio Miraglia - Italy 1971). video transmission), but what I saw was not nearly interesting enough to buy No Shame's last DVD. Given their excellent results, it is undoubtedly a great step forward compared to all previous publications. And don't pay attention to the ridiculous cover shown here, it's not taken from this movie (a girl with a head of Jim Carrey's appearance). <br /> <br /> Spaghetti Western star Anthony Steffen's sports hips hairstyle and assumes the role of Lord Alan Cunningham, a man haunted by his dead wife Evelyn's memory. This leads to nerve damage that has been stored in a psychiatric clinic. After release, Cunningham directs this trauma by placing redhead prostitutes in his goal, subjecting them to cruel acts of torture. His doctor and friend Richard Timberlane (what do you mean, the Italian horror names listen? ") Recommends that he forget about the past and remarry, but Cunningham is obsessed with Evelyn and even organizes the castle. Eventually, he meets another girl with Gladys, another redhead, and gets married almost immediately, but the arrival of his new wife brings a series of events. Bloody creatures are attacking Sir Alan's family by killing them one by one. Cunningham visits Evely's grave and finds it empty. Soon, many "outsiders" will suspect that something bad is going on in the castle and that Lord Cunningham's treatment may not have been so successful in the end. <br /> <br /> Director Emilio Miraglia is trying to interfere with conventions that have limited success with Giallo's gothic horror. As usual, the audience was not trying to convince the film to be in England. Cars drive on the right side of the road, everyone looks very Mediterranean and the castle (and the rest of the architecture) is probably Italian. This is a common practice in the horror of Italy, but sometimes they just take it too far. The bad print made it even more tolerable because it is so dark that you still didn't see much of the surroundings. But then again, this is a film where something can happen for exploitation and depicting reality is not really an issue. Much of it consists of sado-masochistic torture scenes in a city-tent chamber, but most of the time Anthony Steffen sends it out and shows terrible over-action. I think it all depends on your state of mind and it can be a fun pointless piece if you are in the right mood. I just couldn't do that, at least not with the print I was looking at. Bruno Nicolai is a pleasant result that combines easily audible stories with the numbers of some psychedelic rocks. <br /> <br /> Obscura Camera --- 4/10
