I was wondering why I didn't like Peggy Sue Got married more than I did when he first came in 1986. I found the character of Nic Cage. Do it. Then the plot didn't make sense. Then, at the end of the credit, the question came: what was the film making? What was that? The answer, unfortunately, wasn't much than anything. I really do not believe that this film would be intended to make a statement; If it wasn't "your life is your life, then you make the same mistakes, no matter what you want, so keep your fingers, not the hole". Not a very deep statement and I'm sorry that this movie wasn't made. Writing is not so good. The direction is uneven and occasionally strange. Kathleen Turner was the best in this film and I think it was just a worthwhile thing to do something wonderful, creating all the character despite the odd, inexplicable circumstances, with a script that had no visible statement. <br /> <br /> He also stopped the mystery as the main reason why I didn't enjoy this movie anymore. He says in his autobiography that Cage has won his uncle Coppola in every step, doing it "in his own way" (not a good idea for a new actor) and putting a funny voice he called "stupid". His voice was annoying, abrasive and unnatural, and his character was unpleasant and overflowing with the young man. I understand what he was trying to do: play a young man with a "hot shot" who is not as hot as he thinks he will create his karma in the future to fail. But he goes overboard as he does, is abrasive, not effective, and if he had heard his uncle instead of "fighting against a man", we would have had a more enjoyable film. The drill slides slightly with the unpleasant voice styles in the film and sometimes sounds like a real person, and these scenes are more observable than others. But if I had to look at the film as a whole, I would like to pay someone from L.A who pours his head with some bucket of water if it is his most influenced scenes. <br /> <br /> The goal of the movie is not to make a statement, do nothing, look good, unless Cage impresses with Elvis dementia (but without voice) and is finally confused and waste of time. Considering all this, Kathleen Turner certainly made a movie in this charming confusing Oscar. I can't recommend that someone spend it for two hours if you don't like Turner and you have all your scenes to choose from. Believe me, you don't do anything else, leaving other scenes, and that makes the same sense. <br /> <br /> Kathleen Turner starts with a lot of critics about her Cage comments, proving she's strong enough to be honest, and hell with other people's comments. You're going, Turner! I am not particularly a fan of this actor more than any other first-rate actor or actress, but her ghost is refreshing. Cage's behavior can be good annoying and here it doesn't work. At least in this movie, we now know why.
