Alan (Anthony Steffen), an English-speaking multi-millionaire with a few screws (due to her first woman's infidelity and premature death during childbirth), attracts sexy, redhead women to her castle by offering them cash to stop over the weekend. . When he returns to the pile of his ancestors, he gets them to the necid, he continues to whip them with bulls and then kills them. <br /> <br /> But when she meets blonde hottie Gladys (Marina Malfatti) and falls for her, she decides to give up her murderous ways and get married. Their married blessing is short-lived, but thanks to Alan's awkward spiritual situation, which is becoming more and more uncertain when his dead wife, Evelyn, comes out of her window and spooky murders in the castle territory. <br /> <br /> So, let's repeat: the 70's Euro-horror, with lots of delicious women in different undressed countries; spooky Gothic retreats and misty graveyards; sadistic rich psycho who has a tendency to infants of dead dead who have cracking bodies; several cruel murders (including very few, if one victim has a head of rock and his foxes). Normally, would this checklist give me a good time? So why did I find "The Night Evelyn Cead Out Of Her Grave" so boring? Well, starters, the plot is too complicated: there are red herring, crazy plots, and suspects are many, and all this gets a little too much. With a ridiculous ending where we discover that many people have been drawing all the time to get their greedy feet to Alan's prosperity and that our red-headed killing-work is actually a movie hero? my head was too much injured! Secondly, the direction of Emilio Maraglia is quite stubborn. Stylish, yes; but from time to time it is as slow as molasses. <br /> <br /> And then the bits that are too fucking foolish, maybe even giallo: death with a poisonous snake bite (certainly one of the most bizarre weapon choices) ever; Alan's aunt Agatha, an old exhausting relative, played by a pretty young woman; hiring a group of blondes with identical curls; a bad attempt to convince the audience that the film is in England (mentioning the "pound" and one uniform form of the police with each other) is not enough); and then it is of course unlikely that you will find a sulfuric acid bag next to the pool ... <br /> <br /> 'Night of Evelyn Cave Out of Her Grave' is not all the waste of time (how could it be, so much female meat at the show?) but there are many better gialloids. See if you're a fan of the genre and you've already seen the best, but don't wait too much.
