The Lord Alan Cunningham (Antonio De Teffè) is a nutjob, which provides for the escape of hidden shelters, where the castle slowly falls into disrepair, wants to kill a variety of whores that resemble his dead wife Evelyn, a woman who gave her a man for her, with their red locks. This nut is quite prosperous and its bachelor status can be quite tempting. But she has overcome her obsession with her late wife's memory (especially her adultery. She saw her naked lover). While Evelyn commemorates almost all of her existence, Alan tries to find true love and believes she has Gladys (Marina Malfatti, who spends most of the movie naked .. this is probably her single attribute because she is not a very good actor ), who agrees to marry him after a very short trial, which is likely to immediately throw the flag off {the main moment of dialogue if he knows exactly what he is worth}. <br /> <br /> The only real person Alan trusts is his doctor at the hospital, Dr. Richard Timberlane (Giacomo Rossi-Stuart). There are other key characters in this movie that rotate around Alan. Alan's cousin, George (Rod Murdock), seems to be a pretty good friend who often supplies him with the victims. I mean the dates, while keeping hope of getting his master's legacy a few days. Albert (Roberto Maldera), brother of Evelyn, witnesses Alan's murder and instead of taking him to the police, he pushes him in cash. Aunt Agatha (Joan C Davis), a wheelchair-bound, lives in a castle property and is often seen behind cracked doors. Later we discover that he has a love relationship with Albert. <br /> <br /> Everything described above serves the rest of the story, showing what seems to be Evelyn's ghost to Alan, someone killing members of the cast family around Alan, and Evelyn's body is really missing. <br /> <br /> The final question is who makes crimes after Alan and Gladys' marriage, where is Evelyn's body and Alan going overboard? I have to be honest and say that I just didn't care about this movie. It's badly uneven and it's all over the place. The new DVD looks good and the "grave plan" is cool, but what I think the film really hurts is that the whole cast is unlikely. You really find it difficult to take care of Alan because he is psychotic who skates on thin ice to keep his peace of mind. He may be quite volatile. Whoever actually commits a crime is not such a big surprise after several key characters have been murdered, there is only one choice who could do it. What happens to Alan does not really do the exhaustion of your throat, because you can argue what he just gets, what he deserves. Those who are behind the film's entire scheme with Alan, as I have already mentioned, are not so shocking, because if you just know about certain things (.. or the benefits they would have), it would be useful to them. The collapse of Alan's peace of mind, everything just goes down the star. I thought the editing was unpleasant and erroneous, but the whole cast act is actually par. Some stylistic aids and tombs contain a Gothic atmosphere.
