This film is another distortion that is among the many distortions among so-called consumption sins. Note that the actor (Bill Talen), "honored Billy", is nothing more than a bureaucrat for "sins of consumption." We could ask questions like: What does "respectful Billy" do for life? How does he make his money? Does he live from his "tax-deductible" organization? How does internal revenue justify a 'tax-deductible' church or organization? <br /> <br /> Everyone knows that Christmas has been commercialized, but it gives one day of a year when people have the opportunity to be a charity and allow a large number of people to spend time with their family, friends or extended families. Everyone is not charitable. Everyone does not spend time with their families, friends or family members. But holidays and rest periods give people this opportunity and opportunity. Yes, America has more than its share of its problems, but Americans have a great deal of difficulty with devotion. And even during the conflict, America has proved to be the largest country in the world. This happens when Americans pull together and unite, not separate and divide. Yes, there are problems with businesses and monopolies, but Americans take back small businesses and the ethics of responsible care for people living in our communities. Yes, globalization has brought us part of the problems, but the Americans are bringing production back to America. The Americans and the US government need to learn how to stay in the budget, no matter how small or small it is, and we have to end our credit dependency. Our excessive dependence on credit makes and keeps us poorly from the cradle to the grave. It's important to buy - but when we buy less, we rely less on credit. And if we can save money, even a small amount of money, we have money for a rainy day. Not to say that as Americans we get an equal share of wealth. Wealth is not guaranteed and is never guaranteed. But stratification teaches us that only a small percentage of Americans possess most of America's wealth. There is a good closeness to you or I can reach the upper middle class. And who knows what can happen from there?!? Be positive, work hard - and at least you and we can reach at least some (if not all) of our dreams. There is nothing guaranteed in life, but we always have something to do. And if you or I don't have dreams, then we might be dead. There are always many hopes and dreams in America. As individuals, we are part of the packaging, but we always become the leader in packaging. <br /> <br /> My experience has always been that churches and religion offer nothing more than additional distortions, but I pay dignity and respect people with other beliefs, values, and perspectives. But to the extent that the expressed distortions are not in this film, I do not believe in such beliefs, values ​​and perspectives. I'm making this movie out of 10 out of 10 - but honestly and really, this film deserves a zero. This film lacks integrity and I can't recommend it.
