What happened? These were the first words that came to mind after this terrible movie that was first produced on its computer screen. Dreadful Elm St had gone considerably downhill after the first classical cult classic, but I doubt anyone expects this terrible aberration. No one was waiting for this cosmic movie joke, and no one is more disturbed than I am. <br /> <br /> This is the worst ANOES movie. It doesn't seem too bad at first, a really horrible introduction and a pretty long-lasting shower scene with Alice. But then we first hit the right-hand corner with a series of bad and confused events. I think Freddy's films should be dreamy and horrible, but it's like a train wreck, which is setting up bad sequences of events and terrible plots. It looks like you're coming in with a terrible headache, not as you fear. So the management is totally unsuccessful. There is no intercourse and good senses from the past, and even the scenes of death are mostly crass and moronic (especially death with food), except that one cool scene designed as a comic book. That's why this movie gets a point. <br /> <br /> Story ... flat, flat, flat, lame. It was an excuse for big people and make MPAA crazy and nothing else. <br /> <br /> By acting ... should I mention how Freddy has become a childlike boogey-man-type clown? How could he look out of a rebirth scene in a 7-year horror monster instead of an unpredictable and nightmare dream killer, all of whom we've learned and bothered about? This hand shook and the fool slipped when he appeared again ... ugh. And also his lining. Throughout the film they suck. Bad. The classic trainer could come with more fun things, then vomit Freddy spews throughout the 90-minute movie. Hell, the chimpanzee can come with a lot of funny lines when Fredd was told here. Who wrote this script? This film is also irritating. It seems so pointless. Like your head, I was buzzing with a gnat that just didn't. Freddy is just an annoyance. We've seen him so many times. It is nothing else, and a lot of the time you want it to take your terrible disposable liners and give up the TV screen. Alice, which is a thoughtful and quiet girl of the last film, seems tedious and very low, and this is obviously due to the terrible scary script that this movie was equipped with. Lisa Wilcox can be a big actor and sometimes it looks like cracks, but she can't save that movie. Other participants suck, mostly. <br /> <br /> The last 15 or 20 minutes of Freddy's existence in this movie are terrible and embarrassing. I hope Englund is ashamed of it. Who wants to see Freddy running around like a mutated gorilla whose limbs stretched out, laughing like a cartoon? This movie destroyed something positive that I feel for the Nightmare series. I can never look at them again without going through this picture from my head. Kruegeri has become a poisoned comic. He slowly became a joke, slowed to the icon of pop culture, but it is the lowest. It's a stone. Nobody takes Freddy Krueger seriously after seeing this movie. He's a joke, but a joke, a clown that has long since retired. Cushions. <br /> <br /> Of all the films I can hate, why was Elm St, which has been a turn and a lot of pleasure? The dream child represents the death of the legend and the destruction of any hope I had with Elm. Freddy continues his downward spiral to continue to clown status in the next section, Freddy's Dead (which was actually more fun than it really was), and then he continues to reduce Freddy VS Jason's mood and finally I know it's mostly because Freddy is now sucks, but this movie is general, terrible and one of the worst films ever made. . Not recommended by anyone, and even UNOES graduates do not want to see it again.
