It's a mess. I can't believe that any company could even work for such a movie. Full Moon has a number of terrible movies, but it must be the worst. First, there is no plot. It's odd. It is like, they took the idea of ​​the story and never got it to develop it. They just seemed to have wasted a lot of time on the movies outside the shots, while the two "heroes" traveled in the desert and Bradbury spoke about 10 minutes. There were two scenes in the movie (when Dez and Dazzy were flying, and when Dez and Bradbury were flying) where he just moved on and on ... it was almost like 2 music videos where there should have been some dialogue or action. They just drove for about 5 minutes, but not just music and the surrounding landscape. <br /> <br /> Next we come to an actor that is just terrible. First of all, there is a girl who plays Dazzy, just a beast. He's so scary, I wanted to see if he was on the screen! Dreadful casting. Then, you have a guy who played Dez, who couldn't act when his life depended on it. His "crying" is actually funny and his madman is even more funny. The man who plays at the desk of the hotel is just as bad as the one who plays Bradbury. There was no action that deserves any recognition in this movie. <br /> <br /> Makeup Effects ... hmmm, can anyone say sorry? The "effects" were so fake, they were ridiculous. The crazy little robot-looking cashmere hill grabs on someone, they're cut off and when they come back, it has a totally fake searchable meat wound. Nice. Did they run out of the makeup budget or?! I have to say that a drug chick in a girl's apartment is also a nice makeup. I think they went into a stunned look, and I think he should have a black boy, but it seemed like a cheap zombie makeup for Halloween. <br /> <br /> This movie is terrible from the start. The story is stupid and very, very unnatural, the direction looks like it was 10 years old, the actor is the lowest and so on. CONTINUE ALL OF THIS FILE FOR PRICE. First of all, it is only 70 minutes and at least 20 minutes it will be taken by music and dialogue, or by the sign surrounding the hotel. Don't waste your time on this garbage.
