The tragedy is that this garbage was part of my curriculum when I studied cinema. So imagine how I was forced to look at it completely. Believe me through hell is much easier. Our professor told us that this is a movie, but he never thought we would disagree or accept. I don't think there are any gods on earth, we're just people, so all filmmakers, so they can make mistakes, bad movies. Or very bad. The main problem was not that art in all ways is susceptible to endless perspectives, but that many people just don't get that every person got their true taste, their opinion, so what do I think this is the biggest film ever made can also be your worst and how it is right in both ways, but how many people understand it right? So my professor believes in this movie and just doesn't. But the only way to judge this "thing" is to measure it with the original intention of showing us different old folk songs, or whatever you want to catch up with the mentality, imagination and nature of this society. In order to tell you the truth of the devil, Pier Paolo gave Pasolini a screenwriter and a director first to be unchecked. The film is so UGLY. I can't hold it, so how to analyze it, discover potential beauty !! It is hiding outside your mind and strangely not in the film's case or in the interest of something, that is (Pasolini) for unstable vision. His work is as primitive as underdeveloped. Deadly cinematographic techniques, the idea of ​​stupidity and incredible crap making made everyone reluctant. See terrible acting, infertile cinematography, terribly bad sets, .. OH MY GOD, I already have nausea. This may end its objectivity violently, as watching this film is one of the real pains, such as the removal of a wise dentist by a blind doctor. There are horrible nightmares that could be more gracious. So initially, how do you proceed to just review it fairly? In fact, you don't. Because this very movie doesn't treat you fairly. Here's a really memorable scene where some guys pee into the camera's eye (!) I'm trying to connect some of these things to the end of Pasolini's murdered.
