For me, the film is unsatisfactory and convincing. Listed on list A, especially with three wires and experienced maverick directors like Spike Lee, I was expecting a lot more and finally I felt that what this film sub-page gave to the genre was little. To begin with, I didn't like the pace of the movie, starting with a mastermind with Clive Owen's raison d'etre on the camera, repeating unnecessarily, I found the narrative confusing, not saying unrealistic interviews, then found myself jumping into what you felt earlier. Of course, the camera's work is fluid all the time, constantly on the move, and incorporates a camera-a-lot, but the director Lee is unable to provide the thrill or intercourse that basically goes down, leaving the film without making any major protagonists. Denzel Washington is weighing thirty five years earlier (she doesn't even know that anyone understands her, but her wife), full of "full", by talking about clothing and a bad ass jive in "Shaft". a girlfriend who somehow robs her of raw and inappropriate "dirty stories", and her easy "In The Night of The Night" ledge with Willem Defoe (almost a little bit) hardly raises the pulsation. Clive Owens plays his character firmly with an English accent, even if we believe that the gang is Arabic-based, and also prevents 90% of the film from being played with a mask on its face. Jodie Foster will add a little impact to your patented, tight-sliding, icy virgin, sub-Clarice Starling as a well-connected financial hunter. In general, this is the real mish-mash of the movie, with a slight but obvious twist at the end, actually giving the title away from the beginning, spoiler fans. The worst scene (among many) is undoubtedly a Washington witness interview with an incredible 8-year-old street child, although Owen's dialogue with the same child in a minute goes into embarrassing contributions. During the movie, jokes are made of classic harps like "Serpico" and "Dog Day afternoon", but there is no honor in self-respect. Even more than "Hot Rock" ... and even it was good for some laugh.
