No movie with Madeleine Carroll may be liar. That means I have to add that this British movie is close. The story is on the SS Atlantic and is loosely based on Titanic's unfinished journey. The word "unsinkable" is spoken, the lining strikes the iceberg and we hear the heavenly choir who sings "closer to my God to you". The killed passengers finally take over the anthem in a pleasant sound work. But the year of release of the film (1929) means that the modern viewer has to accept otherwise the primitive sound and the way the silent films and stage work. These are not problems. The main mistake of the film was pace and silence was well developed in silence. However, if the dialogue is at a realistic speed, the movie's working time is cut in half. The proposed effect was drama (and revealed in the new environment), but the result is unhappy now tiring. The film's structure is insecure and illogical. Paradoxically, I found the details of the technique quite modern: fine, sharp cuts from one area of ​​the ship to another, sometimes even sound effects. Although we are on the first shots of the "Atlantic Ocean", we were in the movie for over 4 minutes before the movie was discovered. The ship's dance orchestra has long, intrusive musical moves. (Entertaining, simple sound.) Personal stories are presented in an inseparable and convincing way. Don't even think about the spectacle. Berg is a small thing, and the damage it makes to the hull is small. But the scenes of the passengers on the lifeboat, which are obviously placed on a real liner and are likely to be tied to the dock, create great excitement. Other than the glorious Miss Carroll, these sequences are the only centers of excellence in the film. Since the film and the ship are close to them, the screen turns black several times when the generators fail. Their last, eternal interruption is the end of the film that has a sunset / sunrise, a clumsy symbolic effect. The Atlantic Ocean is a cinema curiosity. In best case. <br /> <br />
