I am a major figure producer at Ohio Wright State University and yesterday I was unfortunately given the opportunity to watch this pious movie in the classroom. Our professor told us that it would be very funny for us, but the reason we watched it was that it was one of the first sounds - a complete disaster. <br /> <br /> The early sound problem films were that Hollywood actors knew only how to make quiet movies and they weren't good at keeping the lines straight. So producers and managers look at the actors. Looks like a great idea, right? Well, this kind of behavior on the stage doesn't appear too well for the film. Most of the "Atlantic" participants look and sound like they are in the game, resulting in a much more cheerful smile for the overactive. Another limitation of early sound films was microphone technology. You could not move such mike today that you had to make them static or sound air. There was usually one mike in any scene of this movie. In one particular scene, the man is at the table. Someone walks straight to him and delivers his line, then walks away. Behind him comes another actor, runs his line, walks away. It goes on for a couple of people so far. The microphone is obviously right behind the desk, making a ridiculous actor's carousel. <br /> <br /> These are just technical issues. When you get into the story and direction, it gets worse. The story is a fictional report of what happened on Titanic. The characters are unbelievable and meaningless. The "story" of a man who deceives his wife and teenage daughter is not in the film. It is barely solved and leaves you wondering why it first existed. Breaking the high drama, the actors take a break between the lines several times. It's tiring, and you can't wait to get over 90 minutes (at least 180 years old). I am not talking much about racism in our country right now, but it is really offended that there were only two black in the film and they were depicted as animals. They both pushed women and children to try and get to one of the lifeboats. They were ordered to stop or shoot, and of course they didn't. I was terrible. <br /> <br /> I'll give this movie 2/10. I would have given him 1/10 (lowest possible rating), but I gave him an extra point just because it was one of the first sound films, and I tried to put it into context. If you want to see a good early soundtrack, check out Alfred Hitchcock's "blackmail" that appeared in 1929. You will find that the best drivers could instantly adapt to the new technology.
