I have a good slow motion. Christmas in August, Chungking Express, Virgin Stripped Bare for your undergraduate, home travel, spring small town, Hana bi, eat a drink for a man, dolls, mood for love, and spring summer fall winter winters are all enjoyable movies? just naming a name. Unfortunately, in the drama genre, there is a subset of the film that is trying to ride the coats of good films while offering interesting interests. These are the ones I call IAN movies? "An incomprehensible artistic mess." Tsai Ming-liang is the king of this subgenre and Vive L'Amour is his "masterpiece". In fact, this artist's hidden garbage is an infected garbage crème de la crème. People walk around in their apartments, drink water, walk back and forth waiting for paid phones to be released, posters, papers together, go to the bathroom, eat, go pushups, have sex, drag on mosquitoes, etc. m not joking when i say this is the exact summary of the whole movie, which is a nonsense art-house trash bin posterchild. There is no plot, no story, interesting or remarkable events, emotions, thoughtless dialogue, and most importantly? there is no drama. <br /> <br /> There are two people at the scene who "lower" the bed with a masturbating person in bed? ironically, it is also completely tasteless and free. The relationship between the characters on the bed is practically non-existent. Tsai apparently did not feel anything like that to people with the viewer, except for the obvious fact that they like "bang". The person under the bed is as one-dimensional and uninteresting. She likes to drink water, make melons and herself. This is the "character development" of Tsai's idea. Truly erroneous "entertainer" indeed. <br /> <br /> The real contribution of Tsai to Vive L'Amour is probably the most feared scene in the history of the artwork. First, he shows the leading actor from one end of the park to another in 285 consecutive seconds to show his crying hysterically? absolutely for some reason? another 356 consecutive seconds. The movie ends sharply. No point. There is no entertainment. Just pure, concentrated torture that has been created for the viewer. <br /> <br /> Trying to beat the dead horse. The subject of loneliness is so great that the only true feeling of this film is boredom. In fact, Kiyoshi Kurosawa in her horror film offers much better exposure to Cairo's loneliness. And guess what? It's actually interesting! This film moved as slowly as molasses in January, but there are better ways of dealing with loneliness than the waste under the name of Vive L'Amour. Cairo is a perfect example of this. <br /> <br /> Cinema fans can thank Tsai Ming-liang for managing this film, as he has provided incontrovertible evidence that the art house cinema can be as badly made as class B television-made horror shots. Art-house snobs have now officially lost their independence on the pedestal. The quality level of your valuable genre now coincides with films like the Dark Army and? fucking! ? Showgirls. How do you like apples?
