This is a dark movie. Maybe my rating wouldn't be as harsh as the film wouldn't have promised so much, but I just felt that this movie was deceiving and playing fool at every step. <br /> <br /> I didn't have any beef with an actor, but I thought the characters were terrible. The film begins with the character of Clive Owen, which tells us what the criminal master is, and how she planned the perfect bank robbery she reminds us later. Oh, he tells us he's in the prison room, though it turns out to be a stupid metaphor. Every idiot knows that the best bank robbery is one where the minimum number of things can go wrong and you've long gone before the police appear. However, Clive Owen's scheme needs hours to hang the bank - for no reason, but to lurk and watch as scary as possible. He must also control the hostages, negotiate with the police and most fantasticly of all, do the work of that old-house in the bank's warehouse and hide there for a week (I hope he brought enough food and a bucket of pee) and then sneak again. Yes, it certainly seems to me a perfect crime, Clive! There are so many moving parts in this plan that the only reason why it didn't break was the script. <br /> <br /> And then there are many unexplained details: Why were the police so convinced that the flocks were hostages to the hostages? Who the hell is the character of Jodie Foster and why is he so important that he has a mayor at his invitation and call, and he doesn't have to tell Denzel Washington his agenda, "is it higher than his grade?" How nice are these police officers that they cannot understand that one man who speaks a foreign language in an hour is not a plan of robbery? How did the robbers slip and why did Clive Owen shut up for a week? How did they find out about the bank's past and the number and content of his safe deposit box? Why Hell Clive Owen to Jodie Foster or Police? When do they make AK-47 toys that look real? How do you win hell in hell? How did Clive Owenil manage to notice the safe area of ​​banknotes during working hours? Does this unpleasant criminal feel enough to fix this diamond with Denzel policeman? <br /> <br /> No one of these questions ever answers. There are movies that will reach the depth, leaving you to think about events outside the screen, but I never knew it in Inside Man. The scenes that explained these things seemed to be cut off from the movie, or these questions were never the first answers, and that is weak. Particularly annoying is the character of Jodie Foster, who does not disclose what he does, but never seems to remind us of his importance. I think we should just take that word. <br /> <br /> The only reason I gave this movie is the two stars laughing at Denzel's 'taxi cab' and 'cina colada' gag and the child's outrageous video game. In addition, this film has no redemption features.
