I have seen most of Ryuhei Kitamura's work and have come to the conclusion that he has the ability to act. The scenes are kinetic and quickly combine martial arts elements, arms struggles and samurai struggles with camera work that actually fix the killings killed on the screen. With the help of "Versus" and "Aragami", Kitamura demonstrated this creativity and showed that he is more than capable of working with a small budget. What happened to "Life"? To be more blunt, the answer would be nothing. There was nothing in "life" that was two hours plus a movie with little or no activity and little sign and plot. <br /> <br /> The Tsutomu Takahashi comic book "Alive" has been investigating the death sentence of one of Tenshu Yashiro's lives (played by Hideo Sasaki) who lives. He is then given the opportunity to either repeat the exercise or try to shape himself in a series of tests. He chooses the last and shortly thereafter he will be placed with the rapist and later with the girl who is infected with a strange parasite, which in return for the host's humanity gives supernatural powers. Naturaly at some point that the parasite is moving to Yashiros is a bad thing that won't happen very quickly. <br /> <br /> Like "Aragami", "Alive" puts it in the first half of the main exposure. Symbols are introduced, their motivations are set and their relationships are discovered. The whole thing happens even in one set. The first big problem with this comparison is that while "Aragami" was only a 70-minute film, "Alive" pulls more than two hours, which makes the first part one hour long. This length could have been justified if the characters were a little more interesting, but unfortunately this is not the case. The dialogue is dry, monotonous, delivered without emotion or depth, the characters themselves are not very interesting. There were some attempts to make "Alive" a little more moral, but in the end it all came to the classic: the people of the evil government, the super-powerful protagonist who was supposed to save the girl finally. As I said earlier, the whole film is practically in one set and after two hours, which is boring, even worse, it wasn't even interesting at first, and does not do much more. Now, after the first part is over, it can be assumed that Kitamura will make at least some entertaining scenes to make up for the boring start. Unfortunately, this is not the case. Only two struggles are actually similar struggles with Hollywood movies that include bullets and psychic forces. They are not just interesting or fun, Kitamura's creativity from "Versus" has disappeared, a small set even often limits the very impressive camera work, and it all goes into general and anticipated fighting, really shame. Probably "Aragami" was better for all accounts and "Kitamura" learned something from "Alive". So, at least, this film didn't look like a complete loss. If you only understand the mistakes made, how to fix them and create a better entertainment movie.
