It seems to me that the name of Stephen King's "Bachman" pen was the way he put out some grimmer, rawer, mediocre mental things he wanted to write without "polluting" his "brand". When you look back at "Running Man, The Long Walk", you will notice that they have a feeling of closed air and hopelessness that differs from King's mainstream. I understand that we are talking about a man whose first novel was featured by a humiliated, blood-covered, emotionally exhausted teenager who kills all his high school ... but the mainstream possessor always has characters and primaries that start to spray a bit, and they usually end up that provide at least a glimpse of hope and knowledge of people. Bachman's books are just plain and always end badly. (BTW, "Pet Semetary" could easily have been Bachman's book if the king hadn't shown the alias at that time. And "Dark Side" seems to be at least partially about his "Bachman" personality.) <br /> " Thinner "was the last Bachman book and the man with classic warfare, revenge, and hunger deaths is disgusting. So it should not be surprising that the film follows suit. Surprisingly, the adaptation seems to be filmed at the weekly "TV movie week" level, not the value of a theater release. (These days, something like this will probably go directly to the DVD or cable). Makeup work and a striking motif (hunger in the midst of death, a metaphor for an overpriced, malnourished American middle class, once there was) is what keeps you from this false alarm. <br /> <br /> What went wrong? My first point is that the director went to the nasty Bachman vibe, but he also sucked all the interests of the film with bad election choices - the local actors (except Joe Monetegna) just can't wear the movie. And then he shook the rest of the movie with uncomfortable tempo and scene structure. In addition, he could not leave the plot alone and his changes would not really help. The script and the dialog must work, but most of the time this movie is located. Everything is muted, boring, airy, and fun to watch ... under an exceptional excerpt when the main character sees that ... is thinner and thinner and thinner. <br /> <br /> As others have pointed out, "Thinner" is by no means the worst king movie (or even the worst). And this is a terrible, convincing charm thanks to the theme and careful makeup. But for the first time, viewers should approach it with lower expectations.
