No, I haven't read Stephen King's novel "Thinner", but I pulled the movie down. Horror movies have been acquired for taste. Regular films give the audience a hero that he praises the goal. In the fear film, the audience is invited to enjoy the disappearance of characters. Director Tom Holland with a low fat but tasteless vengeance "Thinner", nobody wins, and everyone deserves a bite. Gluttonous New England lawyer Billy Halleck (Robert John Burke, "Robocop 3") is a weight problem. Though he rocks a bathroom with a weight of 300 pounds, he looks joyfully married to trimming, a happy wife Heidi (Lucinda Jenney, "GI Jane") with a yeast teenage daughter. <br /> <br /> Fat doesn't mean stupid here. Halleck shows his indignation in court when he wins a verdict on slippery mafia maid Richie Ginell (Joe Mantegna's "House of Games"). Riding home to win a race strikes Billy's old old gypsy who crosses the street and kills her. Hiding and Halleck's friends get him out of the soup. Frustrated Gypsy Father Taduz Lemke (Michael Constantine, "Skidoo") revenge on a passionate lawyer and two deported city officials. Suddenly Halleck finds he loses pounds, no matter how much he puts on the chomp. If he comes to revenge, the old man must refuse. Desperately for the resort of Halleck Richie. Although Halleck fights with the Gypsies to remove the hexes, he learns that his loyal husband has turned to the city for a hotshot doctor. <br /> <br /> "Thinner" qualifies not only for a ridiculously horrible horror, but also for filmmakers to rely on male and female stereotypes. Tom Holland, who led the "Playing the Child" (1988) and screenwriter Michael McDowell, has earned a script that you can't enjoy to make Billy just get his dessert and drop. "Solvent" has a few strokes and fewer surprises. The filmmakers may have restored the king's novel, but they have filmed any feelings of horror and humor. The Netherlands and McDowell introduce signs like Mafioso, and they unexpectedly let go of the hook. One little character will appear long enough to die and the chicken's head will fill its mouth. <br /> <br /> The stereotypical behavior of symbols can also hinder the audience. "Solvent" depicts women as excessive vixens and men as pigs. When Halleck jumps home from the clinic, he finds his doctor's sports car in his house. His doubts are ready for jealousy and he is preparing a scheme to hand over these women. Even prematurely, there is no satirical taste. Greg Cannom, "Van from Helsinki", has won the Oscar winning special effects, and Bob Laden, a make-up artist, is doing a fabulous job for actor Robert John Burke to look obese. They also manage to change her with contempt. <br /> <br /> Only the dead Stephen King fans will be able to relieve this strange gooledyspook stomach.
