Don't know where to start from one of the worst movies I've been watching for a long time. This meeting, which was quite obvious and very clear to anyone who has visited London for even 1 day, agrees ... was not London. Much inexplicable, how Snipe's character was able to escape from the country back to the US without any problem. Then he persuades the girl and grandmother to visit America, how the grandmother agreed with her on earth ... she is an assassin! Well, that's the end of the movie, but unfortunately it wasn't much better. We have British police officers who are driving amazingly different cars, I'm sure it was Vauxhall Belmont in the eighties who drove a taxi after the assignment, but the modern Subaru Imprezza sent the prison to some scene before. SO19, or someone who was trying to portray the forest pistol they were trying to imagine, happily ran around the streets where their weapons shared Snipe with the CIA. There were kids who went around, but the police were still saying that he had a clear shot to let him go, does that happen in London? No, no, I live there. We also have a very unlikely journey from the center of London to the airport (say Heathrow's arguments) within 5 minutes of receiving the call. We also have awful American accents, a young girl who is in front of a queen but lives in an elephant and a castle. What does the British police say when helicopters and many officials at Snipe are unable to find Snipe and manage to avoid stairs when they hide some stairs? The railway station was obviously not even on UK soil and the sound effects of the fighting studio were terrible. The plot was also very poor, boring and written and filmed much better than a thousand times earlier. But this movie had some remarkable actors, what they thought and don't let you watch this movie! This movie didn't know what it wanted to be if you were going to focus on the dramatic aspects after the assignment, then you need a strong, rigid plot with a plausible landscape and setting, that's something the viewer has to take and appreciate and if you do it wrong, then you notice it. If you want the entire retrieval movie (which it is not), continuity and landscape can be set aside.
