And finally, old, old Michael Corleone falls and goes "THUMP!" Who really wrote the last installment of this godfather's saga? Probably the same staff who "turns to the world". This flick doesn't deserve the title "Godfather" at all. We call it one of the "Our Nostrade Space" or "All My Capos". As a person who has been in contact with many mafia people in my business life, I can say without saying that I have never met any mobile that is internally contradictory and contemplative than Michael Corleone. Let's face it, these men are only in mafia because they're greedy, nothing more. In this film, Don Corleone spends a lot of time pondering his past deeds and the dark future, perhaps even for later life, then recovering very quickly to attract some fantastic business transactions or to order one or the larger time operator he is, deeply. Then he has a failed marriage. After the G2 burst, we can hope that Michael & Kay will reunite as a man and a woman, but here they seem to have become very good, platonic friends who can laugh and cry and share intimate thoughts about their lives. Just like the scriptwriters try to make Michael a woman. This is a strange behavior for two people who shared the couple's passion for 9 years. Here and there are some disruptions or maybe they are the sins of the authors. Poor, old country beautiful Sophia Coppola has a hopeless role, there are too many short lines in the film that do not match what a young woman in casual conversations says - "comments", not "lines" to emulate. His "passionate" love scene, Andy Garcial, looks like something like a bad teen sex comedy because they chew on their mouth kisses and love each other on the back of a kitchen needle stick like puppets. Michael Douglas, but it's just ridiculous. Then there is Andy's character, Vinnie Mancini, who has been given a difficult and ungrateful role. I think this is a new, new Don Corleone, but he has handed it over to almost silver and has to strengthen his position, unlike Michael's simultaneous hits in all 5 G1 families. This hand-me-down process can be an authentic way of transferring power to the mafia family, but why is it so boring about the routine? Certainly Don Vincent can earn some respect for fellow gangsters for a while, but there are few signs in the script that give us a portrait of this young man, unfortunately. Puzo did such a good job to develop Michael's character in G1 quickly and overall. But the G3 does not have any economy to talk about its story, and we suffer from the exhibits that we pull through until we just want to postpone it. Third, George Hamilton was also given an ungrateful assignment when he took over the family as a lawyer after Robt Duvall announced the third part under Tom Hagen. George wisely defeated his role, so it came without damaging the actor. The formation of Connie Corleone's character is interesting, but it goes too far as she takes the murderers' stuff (she may eventually sleep with Fredo if it were in the real world). But that's not all bad. The murder picture of the hotel is nice! It is also "they keep me back" or the words are an excellent line. And we will regain some old country feelings when we get back to Sicily, even if it's all done in 1989 and have modern cars and discounts. The plot's lines, which include the corrupt hierarchy of the Catholic Church, are quite interesting because it is based on the actual financial purposes of Banco Vatican in the 1980s, but it has gone too far with too big a death. Opera scenes are very dramatic and well captured. But the end of Mary's death scene is at best an unbalanced attempt of emotional manipulation. All scriptwriters must learn that we do not always need more and more deaths to successfully complete the mafia film. You know Kay that her daughter is dead, she plays her grief so well, but Michael's reaction is hammy, hammy, hammy. Then Michael dies in the 21st century, in Sicily, alone with a great estate, with heart failure ... no grandchild who didn't play before his death, no woman shouting. What should have happened in the last half of this movie, Michael has followed someone like Rudy Guillian, a trial, all the tiny businesses in his dirty family, and bloody indulgence that brought to light, then Michael was convicted under RICO of the statute and sent to life in the Land prison. .. then he gets dead on the floor in LEAVENWORTH. Mafia dons ended their career in the late 80s and early 90s and received much better treatment than they deserved.
