The Godfather I was a stunning look inside the fancy Corleone family and how the innocent young man was all but forced into things he never wanted. Part II of the Godfather shows that the young man accepts his new role, the desensitization of his character, as well as the complete disappearance of his full innocence when he dives deeper and deeper into the life of the crime. The first two parts of Michael Corleone's transformation saga make one of the greatest tragedies in cinematography. <br /> <br /> Then part III of the godfather came. Michael Corleone is now Corleone's family aging. He shows regret for his past actions, not through fine behavior, but by trying to use his abilities to goodness and by acknowledging all his worth and regretting others. A very cliché and complicated character that is Michael Corleone. Michael's intentions to use his abilities to good are a robbed ambitious young disciple and his enemies. Michael's daughter is finally an accident in the ongoing mob wars, and her death is predicting that Michael's whole life has been worthless because she has failed because it was the reason she placed herself in position: protecting her family. Part II of the godfather ends with Michael Corleone to reach the lowest level: his own brother was killed. Prior to the preparation of Part III, the godfather's saga was an emotionally damaging story of the innocent journey of a young man into the darkness of Michael's incredibly tragic end, forgetting his roots and giving up one thing that is always the most important to him and the people around him, family loyalty. Part III paints Michael's image of a person who is and has always been a victim of circumstances. This seriously undermines the meaning of the first two films. <br /> <br /> The Godfather Part III is a terrible mess of the film that should never have been done. The only solution to this problem, which is the last part of Godfather's films, is to pretend that it does not exist and that the saga actually ends up with Michael's shocking dread that his family member is killed.
