At the beginning of "God's Part III", Michael Corleone's son wants to leave the law school and become a musician. Michael Corleone doesn't want it. But his ex-wife, Kay, can persuade her to give Anthony Corleone the music she wants. So he does it. <br /> <br /> This seems to be a strange way to start a survey because it is a smaller landing point and has nothing important to do. Apply me here; you see where I finally go with it. Let me now talk about the main plot of land. Michael Corleone wants to give up good crime (he has usually abandoned all criminal elements in his family business). But then Vincent Mancini, the illegitimate sibling, is involved in the enemy. So, of course, Michael has to endure another brush with crime and gun violence and all this good gangster character. Meanwhile, Vincent has a semi-incessant affair with Mary's daughter Mary. Oh, and Michael and Kay are trying to excel all the terrible things that happened at the end of Part II. <br /> <br /> It's like a soap opera. One terrible, terrible, 169-minute soap opera. Gone are some complexity, romance and emotional importance that made the first two films so harsh. After 16 years of franchise, Francis Ford Coppola gave the first two films a completely contradictory and despicable confusion, which once again proved his last great work in the 1970s as "Apocalypse". <br /> <What is worse, "The Godfather: Part III" is not even the logical follow-up of "The Godfather: Part II". Michael is a completely different person. He has not just gone to the seed (which may be justified, even if it would not be fun to look at). He has become good-natured, trying to improve the whole tragedy that made Part II such a devastating masterpiece. His confession to the priest was bad enough, but in the midst of a little diabetes attack, he pushed him into nausea. He'll also be back with Kay! Heavenly should not happen in any way, because the second film is absolutely clear! She cut off her child and her Sicilian upbringing made her bad. Didn't Francis Ford Coppola even think of these things? <br /> <br /> And don't even start with Mary and Vincent! For such a forbidden romance, it was shockingly loose. The action of Sofia Coppola did nothing to help. She made the smartest move of her life when she changed behind the camera because she was probably the worst actor I've ever seen in the best picture candidate. Every line he gave was painfully remembered, and every time the drama created his ability to act, all he called was inappropriate giggles. In a climatic scene - I don't go into detail, but you know what scene I'm talking about when / when you look at it - he looks at Michael and says, "...... dad?" I think I had to cry, but this The line was delivered so badly that I burst long, loud laugh! <br /> <br /> Now we reach the climax and now you understand why I took the time to start with an overview of Anthony Corleone's musical ambitions. After 140 minutes of drama and insignificant incident, Anthony Corleone returns with opera! So Michael, Kay, Mary and Vincent are going to see it, and in about 10-15 minutes a few killers are trying to kill Michael. I have to say one thing about this climatic sequence: it was really good! But not for the killers - they were pretty boring. I just liked the opera. He had great music and great big pieces. And what little it showed us, the story seemed to reflect the origin of the Corleone family. I bet it was an opera opera, and I bet Michael Corleone was glad he let his son go to law school for music. <br /> <br /> My biggest wish is that Francis Ford Coppola was just filming Anthony Corleone's opera for 169 minutes and pulled the rest of the delicate melodrama. Better yet, I wish he hadn't done "The Godfather: Part III" at all. Part II gave us the perfect end. This spin off was self-conscious and unnecessary. <br /> <br /> P.S. This is not a gut reaction of the film. I watched all 3 godfather movies a month ago (although I was the first). This not only means that the expectations of my III part have not been screwed (in fact, I had quite a bit set this bar after what I heard, but it also means that I have had a good time thinking about all three movies. Although I was a bit disappointed with Part II, the more I thought, the better it seemed. But for Part III it was a bad start, then worsened, the more I thought about it. The sad thing is that many people stop with Part I, but if they look at Part II, they will probably continue to Part III. If you have the will, see Parts I and II and pretend that Part III has never existed.
