If Samantha Eggar (like Phyllis Dietrickson) meets the door of her house, which is covered with a towel, you realize that if an actor like Eggar is competent, she has no hypnotic temptation by Barbara Stanwyc. And it's not entirely Eggar's fault. In the original film, Wilder had Stanwycki not only as a towel, but also on the balcony of the second floor of the house. And he won't come out; he appears almost like magic. Walter Neff comes down from his first floor. This is because. Stanwyck is much bigger than Neff (Fred MacMurray) when they are first introduced. It's not just a towel. The towel adds seductive temptation. His imagination is like a Greek goddess who looks at his domain, and in a strange way, you feel like he is controlling the whole situation from the start. He has sexual, even magical, power. This person is not a common housewife. This person is a secret whose secrets are hidden. <br /> <br /> Back to 1973. Stanwycki's condition, Eggar, corresponds to a towel around him. There is no "Appearance". He just opens the door. In the year 1944, when the first appearance of Stanwyck, the audience is attracted by the alluring appeal. In 1973, he opened the door. It may be sexy in Charli's angels, but it's not nearly as mysterious. Transforming filmmakers see Wilder's point wrong. The script may have said that "Phyllis appears in a towel" so that remake filmmakers simply follow the instructions and add the necessary towel. The point is not a towel. The thing is Phyllis' mysterious quality and the potential power it uses. Wilder gave him a towel to add to the mystery. The filmmakers of the transformation gave him a towel because Wilder did it. And by selecting the shots, all Phyllis' mysteries were lost. <br /> <br /> Richard Crenna also seems to be wrong. He seems to be "acting" and not really in the middle of a dilemma. Part of the problem is Crenna, which looks as much as the 70's actor. He can't get into the 1940s. When MacMurray first talks about the microphone, the sweat starts to drip your face. There's no sweat in Crenna. And they also changed an important line at first. At first, Neff says, "I didn't get the money and I didn't get a woman." In the 1973 version, Crenna says, "I didn't get the money and I didn't want a woman." Did the filmmakers fully understand the whole point of the story? Or were they stupid for the "television" audience? <br /> <br /> This TV movie is a number transmission. All sharp edges of the original are lost. Perhaps it is only in the role of Lee J. Cobb, declared by Edward G. Robinson. However, it does not save the original intensity loss. This 1973 boring remake is a forgotten TV movie, probably made by the same people who made "Gilligan Island". They could also try "Citizen Kane" or "Gone with the Wind". If mediocrity is the best, you can count on what the point is? The classic film of 1944 is the capital "F". This remake made on television deserves an "F" class, perhaps a "D", which is stupid.
