This remake of the 1973 classic Billy Wilder movie "Double Indemnity" is an example of how to destroy a large script. This class B TV feed also illustrates remake of the stupidity in general. Although Hollywood has gone after greedy leaders who paint black-and-white movies and wanted to disassemble the wide-screen film that has been shown in open and scan versions, the industry has ignored the dirty reprocessing of the cage that requires classical filmmaking and reduction. <br /> <br /> The first step in creating a classical language-taught version is by editing the script. Billy-Wilder-Raymond-Chandler's work was cut by half an hour to make the finished film fit into a certain time slot with space for advertising. Then refresh the production with cheerful, colorful photos, smart, fresh sets and well-known actors on TV. So the brand new "Double Indemnity" eliminates the cinematography of the film-noir black and white film, which increased the mood and characterization of the original. Gone with a dusty, shady, claustrophobic set that explains that the protagonists want to escape their situations at all costs. Gone are the close ties between Keyes and Neff and the erotic attraction between Neff and Phyllis. <br /> <br /> The appearance of "Double Indemnity" by Jack Smight is more of a "dynasty" than a movie noir. Phyllis Dietrickson has a designer home to die for, and it would be difficult for Neff's comfortable pillow to afford the insurer's salary, not to mention the sporty Mercedes convertible he drives. Both characters have no obvious motive to murder $ 200,000. If not money, maybe murder for love or lust? Not in this version. Richard Crenna shows little interest in Samantha Eggar and their kisses are about as harsh as brother and sister. Crenna does not take Neff's cynicism and her attempts to double entry and sexual brightness fall dramatically. Eggar is a little better and has no sensuality and depth, suggesting the internal functioning of a supposedly bad and manipulative mind. Only Lee J. Cobb leads a credible action like Keyes. Director Jack Smight and his three directors have all done much better work. <br /> <br /> There was no conceivable reason to create this pathetic rewriting, except for the schedule in the show schedule. There was no conceivable reason to restore this dud to a DVD and to pack the original image, except for the double-disc package. The only lesson that can be learned from this failure is that even a great script and a great dialogue can be destroyed with poor casting, weak direction, and TV quality values. The 1973 double compensation should be titled "10% Compensation" because viewing it only emphasizes the 100% perfection of the original film.
