Murder and insurance fraud take the "end of the line" from a married couple ... <br /> <br /> Television was visually volcanic in the early 1970s, and this cut-off television interruption damaged my eyes. It cannot be compared to the Billy Wilder Film Noir of 1944, because everyone who has the right mind should know - without seeing it, but that does not mean that this update should be seen as a separate entity. Although it is based on the original Paramount scenario, it has been cut off for over half an hour, and the director's horrible indifference makes what remains to be forgotten. With a rare exception, the younger generation was not interested in old black and white films on television in 1973 (still true today), so this spooky, convincing story was a new overwhelming majority of viewers; then, as now, the rating rule and recovery were the only reel raison d'etre. Gus Van Zandt repaired Alfred Hitchcock's PSYCHO for similar reasons, and if these redux led to the search for original films or novels, the better. I loved the novel by James M. Cain's novel to bring it back and I enjoyed that time in the capsule curio a second time around long hair, straps, turbans, ugly interior and lush "guest star" Samantha Eggar locks. who didn't try too hard. In addition to admitting some of the childhood accidental pains that the boob spent in front of the tube, Lee Cobb became interested in the world of tired, tired looks at Keyes, but Richard Crenna is only friendly and ineffective Walter Neff reminded me of Bill Bixby's bad day. Of course, upgrading the original was never intended to be quick to make a bush, but instead of a pointless restored soil, the novel adaptation of the novel would have been a novel idea. The Cain Book is somewhat different from its celluloid incarnations, and the terrible shark fins that end up in the moonlight are a killer. My finalist is grateful that it has accelerated the "We Decade" update as part of dual DVD add-ons, but the experience not only gave me a long time to see the original, it was nostalgic to me for any better COLUMBO episode in Telesari. I went back to a very good ABC TV movie in 1973, which I haven't seen since its first incitement: John D. Macdonald's LINDA, who depicts the beautiful Stella Stevens as a ruthless femme fatale who murders her lover (sexy John Saxon) a woman and then a husband with a light visa for a crime, and if I remember correctly, there is an open end. Like DOUBLE INDEMNITY, he was unnecessarily rebuilt with a TV movie Queen Virginia Madsen as a vixen and Richard Thomas as a milquette wife.
