Very young Ginger Rogers trades in this press in the mystery of the 1933 murder mystery of Poverty Row filmmaker Allied Productions and one lineup with newspaper reporter Lyle Talbot. The movie is opened by a wealthy businessman who takes the header of a high-rise apartment building from a roof garden, or was it a lover of an apartment? Rogers has two identities at the beginning of the film: Miss Terry, the victim of the deceased victim, with Pat Morgan's newspaper line. He wrote his story directly to Ted Rand (Talbot) around his paper instead of the desk when he was doing his job when his boss learned that he had gone through. <br /> <br /> There is a puzzle here - it appears from a police inspector Russell (Purnell Pratt) investigated Harker's death, which Terry / Morgan had been working as a secretary for three weeks. Why was it exactly? After that it would make sense that he was the story of the newspaper, but before? The tips are taken in connection with a Harker connection known to a mobile that lives comfortably in the same apartment building, but again this connection is not relevant until it is all linked to the caretaker Peterson (Harvey Clark). And who does all the calling cards with the snake HSSS, the words "You hear it" are cut and pasted below? Apparently the snake's stinking sound was the sound of the apartment building's radiator, which Peterson delivered poisonous gas to the premises of potential victims, as in the apartment under Mrs Coby Harker. But in response to a question from Inspector Russell about Mrs Coby's death, she replied "apparently" to the cause of exhaustion. <br /> <br /> These are rather contradictory points that made the film somewhat dissatisfied for me. The peasant Peterson, as a bad man in this work, appears somewhat harsh when we see him in things that are in the burning furnace of Miss Morgan's unconscious body building! At the same time, we see another point for consistency, seeing Miss Morgan in a large cellar chamber, as Peterson lights up in the oven; he did his escape, but how? And still a pretty picture. And who can make a collar screen when someone other than the milquetoast police assistant Wilfred (Arthur Hoyt), who in the home screen fell over his feet, entered the room. <br /> <br /> Sorry, but for all of them, reviewers who found "Shriek in the Night" a satisfying whodun, I feel that all Charlie Chan's films of the same era are real "ordinary suspects" in comparison. If you need to see a movie, it would be Ginger Rogers, but we recommend dancing.
