Just saw the screening today. What can I say? It lived up to the middle of a mediocre trailer, though it didn't speak anything. It didn't do anything the movie did not do before, and it was so fashionable that I finally got to the place where I laughed just because I smiled with the audience and instead let me play a humorous movie. We have less than a notable protagonist trying to come back with a former girlfriend, but she is not good enough for her, check it out. We have three friends, all of whom have their own "personality", one of whom is the best friend who is trying to become the main girl's best friend, but has been consistently rejected by another friend who is super inconvenient, unable to see it positive everything around the clock and it is thrown into one liner (which in this case is just a few movie references, especially from Disney) and the third boy whose name you never remember, but is ready to finish the square and throw messages to anyone who cares to listen .. . to watch. We have a girl's former boyfriend and her parents **** - block relationships in any way possible when things are looking, not to mention the uncomfortable family member's main character ... check. In a movie where everyone is depressed, the hour has fallen, check. We have the "funny" moments of the movie that result from incessant swearing, falling from people or impact, trailer scenes and homosexual enthusiasm .... And I dare call it a spoiler, but we have an end that opens exactly as we thought it would open before seeing the movie ... check. <br /> <br /> Frankly, it may be ... no, wait ... it should have been a PG-13 movie. All that had to fall was all F bombs. Frankly, he would have received much more publicity from such a humorous nation, would have received less media, and so I would not have liked people who would like this latest R-rated comedy such as Superbad and Knocked Up. The humor of this movie is just so uncomfortable that it doesn't fit with the general people. I bet that even the actors often met some dialogue and action they had to take with the camera. Be it ... in the theater, it will help you laugh because it is on the big screen and others laugh. If this movie hits Showtime and you check it out at 14:00, you may be inclined to change the channel. The only thing that keeps track of you is the heat of Alice Eve (who is not quite 10 but very good looking). <br /> <br /> After the main resolution, this movie was hit by a lot of sub-blocks and it seemed forgotten to write more of the story they tried to develop at the beginning of the movie, where everything else flies out a lot of the window. So there is the main resolution, but what will it be? It is never really clear, nor does it end up being a sudden "good feeling". <br /> <br /> This movie was worth nothing, and it was a good sound. Apart from the nice selection of alternative rock songs of the 90s, it was a nice pleasant score that would play the movie in some parts (more of it at first) that reminds me of something that David Holmes would mix / compose. I'll give them an excellent sound selection. <br /> <br /> One last thing, this movie was probably filmed for some time last summer because of inadvertent, but proud Pepsi sponsorship showed the yellow bottle cap they had during the promotion of this Rock Band. I just thought a lot of Rock Band players would get it if you saw it. But I tell you to hold your money. If it was PG-13 and you were 15 years old on Friday night with a group of friends, I'd say you knock yourself out. Otherwise definitely. It's not trying to compete with R-rated movies in recent years, and it's definitely not so good.
