What the hell is that? "Kooky Drama"? "Lawyers Loony Tunes Landis"? The world's thinnest, most party-faced actor (even more of a party and anorexic than Michelle Pfeiffer) crosses her bones from the butt, making cretinous grimaces that shame Bugs Bunny in an animated un animated TV series. It is also the most disturbing one-hour format TV show, so the worst. <br /> <br /> All men act as pansies and I refuse to believe that even hip shelters are all delta-man-like this damage (short) bunch. Wuss Peter MacNicol can be even more irritating than Calista Flockofducks with his counterfeit Hollywood "shshshs" speech impediment: this is a kind of pseudo-inability to pronounce the S-letter, turning it into a moral "SH" that likes Jones Shtewart, and Christian Shlater is also eager. Looking at MacNicol talking, I always think of how his jaw does not spread ... The anatomy of human face was never meant to support the pronunciation of SH sound more than three times a second. He's a medical miracle. <br /> <br /> This poorly designed and written legal-drama / comedy hodgepodge also includes a very 90's computer. It has a POLITICAL CORRECTION, written with huge neon letters. Is there something more unrealistic than a number of righteous who are full of ideals, high principles, and moral fiber? It's ridiculous, but that's exactly what Hollywood has been doing since its creation. After all, what is more luxurious than a murderer, rapist or thief? If Ally McBeak's slow-down TV series is about to announce to America how this country should go, Paris Hilton must be a time president. "Ally McQuack" is the product of both recent and extensive western fooling and the perpetrator. <br /> <br /> These suspected "eccentricities", such as the UNBELIEVABLY annoying musical number, are not convincing and embarrassingly uncomfortable. It's not Monty Python. No matter what "new" is the talent-free makers of this garbage, they caught on. "Ally McBeak" is a highly commercialized TV industry that aims for indiscriminate puppies, boredom housewife and bipolar lawyers. This is another boring "objection that overruled permanent honor when I call" legalistic "that the American audience seems to be pleasantly strange for eating ...
