No, I'm just not going to come here. I refuse to go with the program. Don't you think maybe this movie is just overpriced? See reader comments and star ratings: Most of them are 6/10, 7/10 or better. I think this is the case when ratings can say more about the people who do them as a movie that is unique. How many other sex toys on simulated parameters with horse couplings have become major hits in the directory's DVD titles? I looked at this film with a pervasive idea of ​​waiting for fireworks and instead I got someone who opened the Gucci shopping bag. It seemed good, but when the excitement was spent, even the twist did not end in order to save it. <br /> <br /> Background Movie Says Everything: The director is filming about 25 minutes of hard-core, sex-bound, second-sex film, informed that film material is not appropriate, sets it aside, waits for two or three years to get critical recognition, then builds the whole this object in about 25 minutes, filming about 70 minutes of other uncharacteristically boring film material and adding 25-minute pieces into a dream sequence. It is clear that this 25-minute film is surprisingly weird, original and shocking deliberate, calculated. But we are not here to judge that in just 25 minutes, we have to consider the whole film and ask ourselves why people are so enthusiastic about the film? Or are they just in love with its background and history, where people have stupidly attacked it? Maybe it's an anti-spiritual agenda they like. The hatred of Catholicism and Western religions of Christianity is one of the few socially acceptable bastions of intolerance - it was revealed today that the BBC regularly robs its ethers with anti-Christian and anti-Western feelings in promoting political correctness. You can say something you want about the Bible, the pedophile priest, the institutionalized cruelty of the church, and how many white men and their inhumane religions absorb the glowing skin of a golf ball ... But say one negative thing about non-Western religions and you're toast. This movie was specially adapted for such entertainment, with a wrinkled old drought, with a screen-like relationship completely doubtful against two beautiful 14-year-old French boys with inappropriate touch, weakness, tenderness, beating, groping, and patting. back. And then there are horse couplings that are photographed in such a fetish close-up that the parts of the film could be used as visual aids for the animal biology class. Yes, I understand the thematic importance of images - a big animal animal with many breeding fluids waiting for them to be like fire extinguishers, but if I wanted to look at horses, you know, I would like to live on a farm. Having your genitals on my face is about as fun as watching someone use the bathroom. <br /> <br /> Is this film just an artistic diversion to social anomalies? Probably, although I give most of the artistic work that has been filmed with a genuine Euro detail, even with an impressive forest pond Monet under the painting, with a sleeve bridge. And the end (which I even managed to be surprised to do) makes it sort of clean if it is a terrible package. But you have to remember that there are certain things that cannot be deconstructed for these design elements, and many artists are guilty of using them in their work to borrow the difficulty that would have been achieved without it. It's not fair, and even Clint Eastwood has fallen victim to his new film Iwo Jima. Regardless of whether it was a heroic men's fight, he fought whether his film was good. The problem is that most people can't separate the two aspects of the movie and are spicy to give it oscare because it's a noble message - not because it's a very good or original movie. <br /> <br /> Although it may seem like a strange parallel, I see it with BEAST: How can anyone see the beauty of nature in the eyes of two horses? And who doesn't see a movie in an explosive piece, where beauty and the beast finally kill, the logical culmination of reluctant repressed sexuality? Somehow I managed to miss both points and I am glad that I have seen this movie so that I can get the trash it really is: 25 minutes or more opening eyes of adult fairy tales surrounded by 70 minutes of skull-peaceful dull artistic fartsy Euro Trash casts a man who gets a haircut and a big ending. This is definitely the art, but it sucks hard. <br /> <br /> 3/10
