Unfortunately, last week we burned the Universal Studios fire movie we started watching so we were stuck with the video. It could even be a metaphor for this second-level King Kong movie from Toho's studio artist Ishiro Honda. In essence, this is the "King Kong versus Godzilla" warming up. He even uses the Mecha-Kong idea, like Mecha-Godzilla. Of course, the movie goes to King Kong, who fights with Mecha-Kong in the Tokyo Exposition Tower, but if you did not know that you were already in the age group for which this movie was meant to be. <br /> <br /> Valet is led by a man called Rhodes for the reason we've never heard of ... over his list, I see mostly scattered American TV ads, so it's interesting that they pulled him all over Japan to get have a nominal American hero. The real hero of the film is the more sensitive Japanese commander played by Akira Takarada, whom I recognized from the iconic version of Hiroshi Inagaki "Chushingura" (47 Ronin) and also from Honda's original Godzilla films. I'm sorry that Rhodes is causing you who you are, but this guy has more screen presence and you can bet everyone wants him to end up with a cute little blonde playing with Linda Miller. We laughed at how Reason would always find a way to intervene between Miller and Takarada, who seemed to prefer. Of course, like all the leading ladies in Kong, his primary relationship with the king is himself. She discovers a nice trick: if you really talk to a giant monkey ..... really .... slowly ..... she understands what you're talking about. And if you're a blonde, it means she does everything she tells her. This fact does not disappear dr. About Whoi (Eisei Amamoto) and Madame Piranha (Mie Hama), who represent a "country that can't be called" - who plan to use her as a feed to get Kong's mineral deposit, so yes, it's really the whole plot of the movie - probably only a giant monkey who can extract these minerals that can be used to make super protocols. powerful weapons. Dr Who builds Mecha-Kong to get it, but the circuit goes on so they decide to go to real Kong. Kong itself seems to be a Mecha-Kong story for a moment, a story that could make the film more interesting, but it was not followed. <br /> <br /> At the end of the movie, the cute blonde shouted. Kong "or" King Kong "in their church voice so many times that when two heroes tell him to let him end up, they will tell us all. Basically, this film tends to hero what was possible in the character of Kong, making him too heroic and a friendly figure like the newest version of the story. Kong is just that guy in this movie, and they show him a lot in the place where the horrible face becomes impossible. This is a nice-looking movie, I'm sure it meets the demands of this type of fans or the desires that are really more of a wrestling film than the monster movie in many ways. Monsters have never frightened these movies, they just jump around and suppress each other. years old or so, apparently it's just comedy.
