This is an interesting left-hand move for the Reel 13 Indies. Two HARBORI is a 75-minute black-and-black film from Minnesota, featuring non-actors and about two people looking for an alien's life. I appreciate the boldness of Reel 13 programmers to think outside when choosing this movie. I just wish they had chosen a stronger film. In fact, I don't know if the choice was more related to the uniqueness of the film than the actual quality of the film (not because the two HARBORIs are totally worth it, but I'm going to do it a little later). <br /> <br /> As with independent movies, the location of the two HARBORs is limited. There are only two real locations? a big spam dealer market and a very nice trailer that is the medieval main character Vic played by Alex Cole. Writer / director James Vculek uses the market setup to provide a Vic for one of the distributors. He has several people who visit Vicin and start very long conversations that give us just two information? Vic sells toys in space (he prefers to call them "space") and he is a sneaky asshole. This is one of two of the two main problems - all in the conversation. I've said it before and I say it again? we deal with visual media and filmmakers have to make their stories visually hard. There are, of course, exceptions, but generally an endless battery is not part of the film? especially when the dialogue is used as an exposition. Quite a lot of all the conversations in the film are long and unnecessarily verbose. A notable example would be some scenes that have Vic, who are trying to play as a boy scout leader to get a discount in the store. He claims back and forth with the secretary, and these scenes don't even promote the plot. It's such a thing that even makes a 75-minute movie long. <br /> <br /> Another problem on two horses is the actress. Maybe I'm a bit of a worshiper in the movie, but I don't feel like it is a good excuse that there are no good players in my movies. There are many good players, many of whom want to work on low budget projects? even in Minnesota. Many filmmakers do not take the importance of acting beyond their visuality, but it is naive. Apart from making a narrative film, nothing is more important than the actor / performance. If you do not believe that the people who make your story, your audience is lost. <br /> <br /> Originally, I thought Vculek used non-actors, but when the film went, I decided they were probably community-type actors. It wasn't that they were uncomfortable on the camera. It was that they were too theatrical (ie big). Is it possible that the best actors were the two leaders? Cole and Catherine E. Johnson as Cassie, a lonely young girl who gets into Vic's yacht. They seem to have the most training, but they were a little rough around the edges. The eccentricities they showed seemed to be only surfaces - not quite organic. Particularly interesting is Mrs Johnson. He's definitely there? Midwestern's charm about him, but this charisma confirms many of the questions he should be characteristic of. He is trying to portray the peculiarities of the life of the work of independence and slave? <br /> <br /> In the first paragraph I mentioned that two enthusiasts are not entirely worthy and here I mean. Without too much effort, the film is white in the hour. After that, the story takes stunning, which allows you to be recognizable and powerful in the last fifteen minutes? it is like a mammalian intestine but good. It is almost a great relief to feel something so long after these signs. The last five minutes of the film is not a dialogue and the result is the best part of the film? subtle, detailed (Cole makes her film the best work) and most importantly, cinematic. Then, with the closing credit, is the most amazing revelation of everyone? that it is based on a real story that I thought. Due to the lack of all dialogues, minimum locations and cinematographic features, did it happen that two kick ass actress and tightening re-write, two HARBORS can make a really kick-ass stage play? maybe even one act. If there are bold theater producers, I would definitely recommend to see if you can get the movie and contact the filmmaker Reel 13 or with. After all, can there be anything to this story? <br /> <br /> (For more information about this or any other Reel 13 movie, visit their website at www.reel13.org)
