Times are tough for Angel Tow, the rules of gangs are with a fist of iron, and mostly for unknown reasons (mainly due to uncomfortable writing) gangs want to marry the street children, Martine, so they beat him every day. However, the Olympic competitor (Olivier "Gruner") is hopeful on the road, and Angel Town is one of the most inexperienced movie clips (and I've seen my part), which seems to consist of the idea that all gang-infected neighborhoods need it, is the French kick-boxers who can't act. The worst are so many awkward moments that are just fun. The best thing about Gruner's and Aragon's exchanges, which basically summarizes how ridiculous this is. Wit: "You like fighting ? (Olivier grabs his Asian friend's headlock). Can I kill him right? If I want him to die he'll die! The reason I don't want her dead is because I'm afraid of her, and I know that when I kill her she will kill her son and wife so she won't die! "Of course, the equation is, of course, left to kill someone, not to mention your best friend. Strange. <br /> <br /> But don't let me make the sound that I hated this movie far away, it's so terrible that The biggest laughs come to an end at the end of the catastrophic finals that Grunner goes with each other with gang members who (the biggest logical gap in the film) fall into the use of pistols, and a disabled Vietnamese veterinarian helping his machine bomb down the gangs while Gruner puts the rest out. All this sets the sound of the "Mexican" accents and surreal energy that makes it memorable for those fans of cinematographic garbage bins. <br /> <br /> Another film is that for some reason Olivier Gruner never goes to college, despite this is the main reason he is in these countries, not in France when he comes in contact with his girlfriend (the uncomfortable start of the movie es cemetery) Angel Town is undoubtedly at all possible levels, but if you laugh at moronic martial arts with crazy levels of action that have no meaning at any level, this is the perfect movie for you. On the other hand, make sure that tequila, like ridiculous songwriting details, is "No mercy in angelic city" <br /> <br /> * 4- (bad)
