There's nothing cool, clean, or smart about this movie - it's just simply ignorance of the cinema of true art. How can one simply forget that the central fact of this film is that they mean and ugly people. . . SERIAL KILLERS! If they have to crush strangers to "be back in family" then they don't want to be "a family." Which part of it did you have trouble? Why boast this defamation? <br /> <br /> This silly messy is what you do if you can't do art! I must and must be deeply empty to make this "low" witch "interesting". This is the missing camera in the brain. In fact, the artwork makes the Gulf a depth by questioning the status quo, which has been recognized by history (or in such a case it would be preferable to know any place). Instead, it is simply randomly placed in images that are available in the fused world, thanks to the empty meaning that is glorified as a "cooling reason, it is OUT, man!"). These same violent events are actually every day. They are not "just in the movie". They refer to the actual less or less people who would do the same things to you. Do you want to do these things to you? The child could have thought about it, it needed a zero imagination, it is not surreal. This lazy mess does not contain anything, says something - it's just the worst of the evening news and it doesn't say anything new, something we don't know. This is "Emperor's new clothes", the manager hopes to have enough uneducated children, proud of their inhumane opportunity to fly this sloppy mess. I see the sight of director Miike's demented fans now: chain-smoking teenagers and twenties barrels are covered with tattoos whose metals are hanging from their pierced holes, their knowledge base inversely proportional to their intelligence. There is no PLOT for this - it's just a shocking use of violence. This badly made movie has no "hidden meaning". It's a good idea to explore the movie to see if you can find brilliantly artistic movies, but if you can't hide the hidden meaning when no one is there! To do this, you need to look and watch over the real cinema. There are many out there, directed by Fellini, Bergman, Fassbinder, Herzog, Altman, Bunuel, Kurosawa, Lynch, Tarkovsky, Peter Greenaway, Tarantino, Guillermo del Toro, Richard Linklater, Eisenstein, Aronofsky, Gus van Sant, Soderbergh, Shyamalan, Ordet. Why don't you see the REAL feature film by these giants? This wannabe director Miike will never make a movie that is equal to one genius that I just listed because it just doesn't have talents! Anyone can capture some chaotic crap like "Visitor Q." Teenagers could throw it out one night! There is no message, no meaning, no plot, nothing. There are many lists of ART Films - but this "Visitor Q" is in no way an art film. It has no content. This is just one banal horror that has been placed in second place, and what to remember about these outrageous crimes is that these things HAPPEN, every day, somewhere in the world. They're not okay because they're just on the film. They refer to the actual less or less people who would do the same things to you. Do you want to do these things to you? To others? Why? Because this world is already ugly, thanks to people who enjoy such terrible events. <br /> <br /> There are so many artistic films to use to deconstruct your mind, but you waste your talents with this devil. There is no deeper meaning. There is nothing to analyze; Why try? I've spent nearly 40 years watching virtually any movie ever made, and I kept up with all the new ones, but I've never seen anything so nasty as that. It is neither imaginative nor even shocking because events of this type take place every day around the world. More than 50 young heads who have no idea that this is "cool" have created this film or even for a favorable review of it. They may think that others are convincing, some of whom may end up doing this - the convicted killers often reveal how they started this way, being desensitized to the horror of this dreadful inhumanity. Trust me - I know I cool down and cool that piece AIN'T. Visitor Q has a real SNUFF movie FEEL and I'm still not sure if it really is. <br /> <br /> Your actions have consequences, son. The world is already terrible. Such violence can be done by YOU or a socially irresponsible leader who pulled out this FAKE Art film. Believe me, you don't think it is "cool" when someone sees your skull!
