(BIG SPOILERS) I've seen another Takashi Miike movie and it was a very annoying and brutal "Audition" which was the study of Japanese feminine ideals! In the "Visitor Q", which I think means "Visitor Question", he explores a very disturbingly brutal family unit. Miike's surreal vision of an unstable family tries to be almost lyrical in terms of confusion and film making, but ultimately there is no style and intrigue. We, the audience, are openly introduced to the odd line of scenarios with a father's figure (Kenichi Endo, who was actually pretty good) who paid for his displaced daughter (Fujiko). When his father returns home, he hits the "visitor" head (Kazushi Watanabe), who uses a rather large stone, and for some reason they both return home. His mother (Shungiku Uchida) is beaten and bullied by his son (Jun Muto), who has been beaten and bullied by his school colleges. When a visitor enters home, he creates a somewhat threatening part of the unit. Finally, the family begins to improve their relationships by helping the visitor, milking, breathing the breasts, murder and family pride. <br /> <br /> And there are other crazes that bring the family somehow closer. It is an uncomfortable humor, but it is equally frustrating and surprising in its wonders. There is a necrophiliac scene that is completely disgusting but ends up ridiculously funny when the scene progresses. Partly because of this situation and partly because you can't believe the filmmakers and the actors actually do it! The film's style is little to say, and the plot is stupid and incredibly weak. The individuals themselves are all over the place, and while I understand that it is not meant to be realistic, there is hardly any interest in these opposing characters and situations, because they all restrict absurdity! Camera-working is sloppy and he doesn't have the cinematic feel of Lynch's work. It's hard to take this movie seriously on a surreal level or to interpret a Japanese family unit. It just seems that Miike was in shock and the film seems to be aware that it's "ambitious" to be shocking and it becomes almost comic to take it seriously. All in all, I would say that this movie is a weird dark comedy, but it seems and seems amateurish and it seems that he wants to make an unnecessary shock. Miike's previous film, Audition, was subtly balanced with the nasty horror, the formation of character, and the technique that created more intrigue in the film to allow the viewer to get into the plot. "Visitor Q" is a step forward as it tries too hard to be extremely odd and deliberately confronted without really telling the process! <br /> <br /> ** out *****!
