Here are the matches. . . (Adv. = Advantage) <br /> <br /> Warriors (Ultimate Warrior, Texas Tornado and Doom Legion) v Perfect Team (Mr Perfect, Ax, Smash and Crushing): Ax is the first to go in seconds when Warrior spins her pin (4-3 adv. Warriors). I knew Ax wasn't a healthy man, but if he was unhealthy, why put him on the map? That would be his last PPV. Finally, both Legion of Doom and Demolition jobs are cheap through double disqualification (2-1 adv. Warriors). Perfect applies the perfect plexus to Texas Tornado. He then tries the same on the Warrior, but the Warrior doesn't sell it and strikes out. With a splash, the Warrior gets perfect and becomes the only survivor. Dream Team (Dusty Rhodes, Whole B Ware and Hart Foundation or Million Dollar Team (Ted Dibiase, Mystery Partner and Rhythm and Blues): The Undertaker is the mystery partner and his debut will immediately be with Tombstone (Monsoon will be able to say his right height , weight and finish are moving, pretending not to know who he is), doing it for 4-3 Dibiase team. Jumping (3-3) and his career with WWF is over. With Virgil's help as a Dibiase victim (3-2 adv. Dibiase team). - Run downhill, but do not leave the brother's love quietly. Undertaker goes after Dusty and thinks he is not a legal person (2) Hart tried to draw him with a four-legged zipper and seized him, and after a few minutes of beautiful wrestling, Bret got his body cross from Dibias, the dibian is the only survivor. Vipers (Jake 'Snake' Robert) s, "Superfly" Jimmy Snuka and Rockers) v Seekers (Rick's model "Martel, warlord and power and honor): After some time in the ring Marty Jannetty gets a military slammed because she comes out of the upper rope of the cord (4-3 adv.). Visionaries). Snuka gets stuck in a few seconds when Martel turns her body on a cross (4-2 adv. Visionaries). Michaels is caught in Power Plex and robbing Roma (4-1 adv. Visionaries). Currently, Roberts is against four men who recall his Survivor Series efforts two years earlier. Despite being killed by a soldier with DDT, Roberts will be surrendered after Martel. Visionaries is the first team in the history of Survivor Series to fully survive. It's not worth it to be honest here because psychology is in a hurry. Hulkamaniacs (Hulk Hogan, "Hacksaw" by Jim Duggan, Bigbossman and Tugboat) v Natural Disasters (Earthquake, Dino Bravo, Barbarian and Search): One Bossman slam eliminates the search (4-3 adv. Hulkamaniacs). Duggan gets his 2-quarters out after the earthquake devastation to get disqualification (3-3). Immediately after that, Bravo makes a career suicide, allowing Hogan to detain him (3-2 adv. Hulkamaniacs). The earthquake can overcome Bossman's two elbows shortly afterwards (2-2). Hogan starts banging and at the end, the towing bridge gets a tag (who knew he was there?), Wrestling with the landlord for about 30 seconds. Only Hogan and Barbarian left. Barbarians put some nice offense, but inevitably they will stick to the big shoe and foot fall. Hogan is the only survivor. Alliance (Nikolai Volkoff, Tito Santana, and Bushwhackers) versus mercenaries (Sgt Slaughter, Boris Zhukov and Orient Express): All Mercanaries suffered facial paints. The lightning strikes are short when Santana tried with Zhukov in her last PPV seconds (4-3 adv. Alliance). There wasn't even a Bolshevik showdown. Bushwhackers hit Sato with The Battering Ram, though Tanaka was a legal man (4-2 adv. Alliance) and would be his last appearance in WWF PPV, as Orient Express can be repackaged. Tanaka follows Sata when Santana runs her arm (4-1 adv. Alliance). Despite killing around four men, Killing kills Volkoff (who is after this career), Butch and Luke in that order relatively easily. Finally, Santana wins with disqualification when General Adnan hits her with an Iraqi flag. Finally, there was some interesting booking, although the game was terrible. Santana takes the only survivor's victory and becomes her last best hour. Egg hatches and Hector Guerrerro are silly outfits. She's dancing with Gene Okerlund and bouncing by the crowd, while Piper and Monsoon pretend they enjoy it. <br /> <br /> Survival Match: Ultimate Warrior, Hulk Hogan and Tito Santana v Warrior, Power and Honor, Rick Model "Martel and" Million Dollar Man Ted Dibiase: Just another elimination directory like Santana pins Warlord in seconds at least forcibly defeated his previous Summerslam defeat (4-3 adv. Dibiase team). Dibiase stun guns at Santana later pin (4-2 adv. Dibiase team). Hogan strikes the Power Plex and continues to wash the Roma after the clothes lines, effectively killing Power and Glory (3-2 lawyer's team). Hogan removes Martel's extract and Dibiase to retreat (2-1 Advent Hogan team). Finally, Hogan promises Warrior a game that will quickly destroy the former noble Hercules after the splash. Very predictable gap to nausea. In general, too many matches and too little time were obviously detrimental, because wrestlers were almost waiting for attachment to the conveyor belt. Most heels were destroyed by Warrior and Hogan, which is a bad way to deal with a large list of wrestlers.
