Amy Poehler and Rachel Dratch are more fun women who have been on Saturday Night Live. It is unfortunate that they, along with Tina Fey and Maya Rudolph, were in SNL during the longest unreasonable writing and sketching (ca 2002-2006) that has ever been. However, these two women know the most funny and know how to write a funny movie. <br /> <br /> The credit of this movie you notice is that Dratch and director Ryan Shiraki wrote this "Spring Breakdown", but who wrote a real scenario consisting of a dialogue and all the important stuff that makes the story a multi-dimensional film? Yeah, just Shiraki. Only one man wrote a dialogue on this film and no woman wrote a script with him. The result is a pretty cliché-spring graduation film that is not as much as it does to the faux holiday as it uses MTV. <br /> <br /> If Dratch, Poehler, and even with Star Parker Posey had been able to write his manuscript, it would have been a much less cliché. The assumption is original, being about thirty women who were unpopular in high school (and probably also in college) who never had a fun spring vacation that they allegedly dreamed of. I say "supposedly" because you never know what the fun of these stars is. They entered the talent show in the past, where they sing obsolete pro-women anthems like "True Colors", and spend their nights with their own pizza parties. Even if none of them is particularly attractive, it seems that the outside world treats them as they are. There's a scene where Poehler's blind student (played by Will Poison's real life wife Will Arnett) asks him on a date, but touches his face and immediately changes his mind. If Poehler's character should be unpleasant, they obviously hired a wrong actor. <br /> <br /> The movie continues to show, although we have doubts about the main characters when Posey boss, Texas Senator 'Kay Bee' Hartmann (Jane Lynch, funny as always) hires Posey's unpopular college-age daughter ( Amber Tamblyn, who is playing another woman who is attractive in real life, but not in the eyes of any character in the movie), when she goes to a Laguna Beach vacation spot for Spring Break. Poehler and Dratch come together, they reluctantly rise up, a feast, as they probably should be when they were in college, and then comes the Sophie Monk's leading corporative female uterus. <br /> <br /> Sophie Monk is an incredibly attractive woman with both women and men in the body to kill for different reasons. Unfortunately, his film career is at first a tough beginning, which is a surprisingly unforgettable "Date Movie" (2006) and disappointing "Click" (2006). Here he plays the southern belle, although his voice sounds as if he stole the Delta Burke voice box. He hugs it a little too much, trying too hard to play the worshiping mother that she leaves as much as the corrupted college children like the rest of the supplements. <br /> <br /> "Spring Breakdown", despite the fact that Amy Poehler's star power is, has been released correctly on the DVD, but rightly because the story is too cliché. It can also be called the "National Lampoon's Spring Breakdown" and the magazine is unlikely to be free of charge for trademark infringement due to publicity. If the director Shiraki had made a creative contribution to at least one woman, especially Rachel Dratch, this film would have been big and not nearly as big as the mill comedies we saw before. I know Dratch will present a new funny concept and hopefully allow him to complete the rest of the scenario himself. He's funny and he deserves better than this half-burned comedy that would accept Stiffler's brother with open arms.
