Another big star, another glamor set, another prestigious director, another flick that was full of songs, a graphic buster, but unfortunately, at the end of the day, there is no story that every move is waiting for such a big budget. So much leap is the thing that hid the movie before it was the premiere of the red carpet. Jump to the extent that Anil Kapoor sees the film as one of the best love stories ever made after Dilwale Dulhaniya Le Jayenge. Well Anilji, what kind of movie were you talking about? Well, the film's plot has about 6 different pairs and 12 different people who have a different life view, but despite their different approach to life, everyone has a common problem, LOVE. Well indeed a flattering topic. But little did we expect the film to be such a boredom that it would let the last expectation that the audience would receive from such a multiregory movie. These are the kind of movies that I totally scare because after getting stuck in a bouncing ticket, I get stuck in the theater for 4 hours, waiting for embarrassing time. <br /> <br /> The problem starts right from the start. The director is so confused that somewhere even he is confused how to divide the time slot into six different stars. Some couples like Anil Kapoor-Juh and Sohail Khan (whoever is against her) just don't understand their existence in the film. Salman (who calls himself calmly for the whole movie. Well something like Rahooooool) is trying again as usual with his Vides glove with Hindi accent. Hey Sallu Bhai, now that Aish is married, is at least advised by Abhishek to improve his ability to act. A simple striptease wouldn't change the movie box every time. And Anilji stops his mark on beard shaving or you look like an eunuch. And seeing the daughters of the girl's age look as bad as the romantic film by Jack Nicholson. And please, Nikhilji hold on to placing a superfluous scene in a movie that is not absolutely necessary to shoot. <br /> <br /> Another major film error was that there was no perfect sync between different pairs of songs. Each story looks as if it were taken from different flames, forming a Salaam-E-Ishq sadistic plot. Bollywood still needs to learn a lot about movies like Snatch, Memento, where the director knows the perfect art of integrating different independent sequences to create the perfect mess. <br /> <br /> Somewhere, when I was reviewing movie reviews when I preloaded, someone predicted that the movie wasn't good because the title of that movie adds 28 and 28 numbers. But I take my position completely by saying that the film is not capable of defining its numerology because of the number of errors in the film, not the coz. And if the director, like Nikhil Advan, is able to make such big mistakes in all the film's events, the miracle wouldn't have saved the bombing of the movie at Box Office. <br /> <br /> My proposal to all your boys is, don't look at this movie at any price. The ticket is not charged. There are indeed better movies on theatrical screens that are worth more than Salaam-E-Ishq.
