Six at One Price! This is a fine time for Cinegoers. Is not it? Here are not one, but two, but all SIX love stories, ensemble put on Bollywood stars, and all the stories of your favorite conductors Johar, Bhansali, Chopra et al. You see every devil's love story you have enjoyed for years or you have endured enough. So you don't have a big deal. Do you need anything more? No, sir, thank you. Why sir? That's enough. Please save us. They signed every upper letter they were able to sign, whether it was required or not, so they made the circus of the stars, believe it or not. Too crowded Everything shown here is exactly how it is written in a novel of a novel. In addition, you need to justify the length of each story because everyone has stars. That is why it is too long - three hours plus. The gags are film-like. The characters are film-like. Problems, barriers, situations, resolution? Yeah, you guessed it right again? filmed and tried. The same hundreds of dancers dancing in the background in colorful costumes. Why don't they have any other work to do? All couples are sweet, sweet, fabulous, perfect. Everything is good looking. Every story begins perfectly and should end in this impossibility perfectly? Too random. You can't connect to a single story. Here's all you saw a million times. Bloody fake, unrealistic, espionage abnormal stories that are considered normal for more than a hundred years after the development of this Indian cinema. What is the sensitivity of today's audience? Yes, it could have worked as a parody if he just respected the love songs of previous years, but unfortunately it is not being investigated. At least the director, Nikhil Advan, would have had to try one unusual, stupid story of love, but what happens to the tradition of living a commercial bollwood potboiler brigade? Oh! No one has to go on, no. Imagine, on the one hand, that it is difficult for the audience to sit through one such love story and here we have six times the pain. I mean six fucking stories. I am thinking of the double fun of chopra mohabbatein (Year 2000). At this age and time, get something real, guys. We are now desperate to see some not so colorful people and not so bright stories. Oh, what you just said right now, it's entertainment. My advice, please don't waste your time by reading such comments. Go instead, have more fun! Thank you.
