I had never read Gary Paulsen's novel, Hatchet, for which "Cry in the Wild" is an adaptation, so I can't compare to the book. However, I say that in the case of a film as an independent, adaptation or non-adaptation, it was an underdeveloped adventure that does not provide any meaningful explanation for some of the characters. <br /> <br /> Think of "shouting in the wild" as a less luxurious teenage climber (the only place where it was filmed?) was "Cast Away." Jared Rushton is a 13-year-old Brian Roebson, a child on a small plane to visit his father until the craft fell over some abandoned mountainous area, leaving the boy for a long time and defending himself. The film has basically three parts. Obviously, the ten or fifteen minute presentation of the characters, namely Brian and his mother. The next third of the movie (which really consumes almost the whole movie) is Brian's "shouting." These scenes don't contain any amazing action, nothing more than the beautiful cinematography of the beautiful Yukon landscape. real encounters (except for sharp confrontation with cub), and any major dilemmas to initiate some kind of pleasure or connection with the on-screen sign. You may even feel briefly forever the time when we know Brian t who deals with their situation with primary, primitive means, and then more advanced (using tools, etc.) for their survival. It is a normal time that passes when you were really in the situation and it is pretty much about it. In other words, they did not put meat on Paulsen's words when they translated them into visual media. <br /> <br /> Of course, the third part of the movie is rescue. <br /> <br However, there is a sub-block that is constantly trying to find out during this time. There was a conflict between Brian and his parents that created a rocky and uncomfortable relationship between them. In most cases, however, it is only explained in short, alternating and minimal dialog blocks, which is rather a feedback from the music video. Every minute, Jefferson's Starship singer, should start singing "Sara" at first. Other than what the viewer can count on from its consequences or guess its own needs to fill the gaps in the narrative, we get a very underdeveloped back story that was obviously needed to enjoy at least part of this movie and connect to the characters, regardless of whether it really had anything to do Brian's survival adventure in the third part of the movie. These are the drawbacks of narrative that stupor through the viewer when he struggles to find out what the hell these people are doing on the screen, and for me almost almost screaming on television to say something and tell me more! <br /> <br /> It wasn't a good adventure for me. But for Jared Rushton's fans it was one of the last films he did. So, check it out for pure nostalgia, if nothing else.
