Who are these "They" actors? filmmakers? There was definitely no audience - this is one of the most airy productions. This is a movie that looks like it was very fun? It is too much fun that nobody does the actual job and it almost always makes a movie that is not fun to watch. <br /> <br /> Ritter dons glasses to grab your character's status as a doppleganger from Bogdanovich; Stylish Mrs. Stratten's scenes are sweet, but they have embarrassing, look-guys-I'm-a-lady-queen feeling to them. Ben Gazzara sports his usual cat-canary-smile with a futile attempt to raise a little plot, which implies that he will continue to Audrey Hepburn with all the narcoleptic's interests in the insomnia clinic. In the meantime, couples flourish with their respective children (warning of nepotism: the daughters of Bogdanovich), and gathered some worrying tips about love, watching their parents. (Mrs Hepburn succeeds in getting over the process by using her dignity, but she has a monumental challenge to play for herself.) Everyone looks good, but what? This is a movie and we can expect as much as what you are looking for would be a better copy of Vogue. <br /> <br /> Oh, it should be mentioned that Colleen Camp is very irritating, even after her song, which is competent, but is absolutely convincing ... country and western numbers are disgracefully in contradiction with soundtrack standards. Surely this is not what Gershwin (who wrote the song from which the title of the film was derived) did not mean; the musicals of his 20th stages may have been small, but at least they were charm. "They all laughed" trying to deviate from their good intentions on the coast, but no one - at least Peter Bogdanovich - had to hold back. <br /> <br /> It is not a tragic death to any extent. Dorothy Stratten, this film is a special place in the heart of Mr. Bogdanovich - he even bought it back from his producers, then split it up and went bankrupt if it didn't prove popular. His rise and fall is increasingly sympathetic and tragic among Hollywood stories, so there is no joy in criticizing the film ... there is a real emotional investment in Mrs Stratten's scenes. But "laughter" is a weak echo of "Last Picture Show", "Paper Month" or "What's, Doc" - after "Daisy Miller" and "At Long Last Love", it was a thunderbolt from the phase since PB never appeared. <br /> <br /> Overall, the movie is harmless, just renting. I want to see people who have a good time, I'm going to the park on a sunny day. For the joy and love of the movie, I stay with Ernest Lubitsch and Jaques Demy.
