There are many problems with Nikhil Advan Salaam-e-Ishq. The one-line concept that looks good on paper (which also worked in an earlier English movie, Love Acently) is terribly wrong due to incorrect and low writing. A well-intentioned idea is being crushed to the blacksmiths with their own great ambitions. The director, who has so fully embraced his highly praised first film, goes over the devices in his earlier film (Kal Ho Na Ho) - try to read how many times a split screen device is shared on the screen. The problem is that the emotional exaggeration of Karan Johar's film-making school took place in Kal Ho Na Ho, but here the emotional person does not feel any grace on his appearance on the screen - not even hard. Writer / director gives us a "six relationship with one common problem - love", but where is the intensity, where is the depth, where is the "emotion"? "Tribute to Love" Feels Emotions? And what goes on and on ...... Well, it just doesn't work! <br /> <br /> In my opinion, the main requirement of such a portmanteau movie is that every single story should not be "complete", it should follow the graph in some way or another. traditional triple structure (screen writing guru, Syd Field paradigm). This is the real reason why Salaam-e-Ishq didn't work for me. No stories were deeper or roller-coastered with emotional ups and downs expected in the main Hindi cinema. Also, the link between some stories seemed weak and very forced. It is not clear what Salman Khan is doing at Ayesha Takia's wedding. If she had to be at the wedding scene, why not imagine a couple of coincidences and bring the other two pairs to the wedding? That would be a neater. <br /> <br /> But yes, some stories were many promises. For one, Anil Kapoor-Juhee Chawla tries to deal with a very real situation - a crisis of life, but its journey is so linear that you don't know if it was really a problem. Similarly, the story of Akshaye Khanna-Ayesha Takia is also dedicated to life. If only it would be a little better. I felt that the most promising stories of this mish-mash were talked about from a male perspective, which is good, but it brings the emotional role of these stories, because female characters - especially Juhee Chawla and Ayesh Takia - are all in the depths of a semi-filled bath. Wasn't this movie about 12 different lives? Now actors. John Abraham still needs to learn while Vidya Balan is trustworthy and loving than ever. Anil Kapoor is given only a role written for him, but sometimes he oversteps his character. Because she didn't get a carnal character, Juhee Chawla uses her charming smile and natural action style to cover it. Akshaye Khanna is good, despite a couple of scenes going over. There is nothing much to be done by Ayesha Taki, but she reminds us she is the same girl who surprised us Doris. Govinda tries to make up for this huge mistake, called Bhagam Bhag, and to a great extent. <br /> <br /> This brings me to the most annoying journey of the film (which ultimately reaches the maximum screen time) - Salman Khan and Priyanka Chopra. The trail is irritating mainly because of them. But I have to credit them for their consistency. They are constantly BAD throughout the movie. Priyanka could be the next queen of hymns - I don't buy that nonsense that her role ("girl girl") demanded that she act up. Someone should tell him that this is varied because the character demands it and immediately. If you've seen Rakhi Sawant (who seems to be the inspiration for this role) in your interviews and Bigg Boss, then you know what I mean. I feel confident that if Nikhil Advan had taken Rakhi Sawant rather than Priyanka instead of this role, this story would have worked better. Salman Khan is a fake accent ..... Well, Shannon Esra Hindi is less stressed than Salman. <br /> <br /> To be fair to the director, he can add some good leaders to the movie. The use of gray as the dominant color was especially appreciated by Anil Kapoor-Juhee Chawla as a metaphor for their eternity, and vivid colors coming with the arrival of another woman. But does anyone decide to paint their house in a different, depressing gray tone? I would say this is an acceptable cinema license. But when the film lasts almost 4 hours, it almost seems that the director is trying too hard to give the audience a glimpse of his "touch" in endlessly consistent, unmounted assemblies. <br /> <br /> Perhaps Nikhil Advan wants us to sit in the theater as long as it is humanly possible - pata nahin, kal ho na ho.
