"Baptists in our Grilling" is the best film ever made. Now that I got your attention to this terribly inaccurate statement that should be a hanging offense when I speak, allow me to start with a brief overview of this sticky, offensive, pretentious, and boring junk. First of all, the low budget for this stinker is completely clear, based on the very poor and inexperienced direction of Christian Vuis and the sticky, superfluous sermon, bright and inclined scenario of F. Mathew Smith. I really find it disappointing that it sends a great Mormon advantage and a sort of every other religious message. Yes, the story speaks of small towns that are half full of mormons and half of the baptists. It shows all the major and role model characters that are Mormon, so beautiful and perfect, but they are captured by evil, binding and very decisive Baptists. This shows how beautiful the Mormons are and how the cold-hearted and ignorant Baptists, rather than showing little solidarity, would be appropriate and realistic. I'm part of a non-religion (I'm actually an atheist), but it is the most likely to betray me with another countless baptists. This shows that the Baptists are very open and undesirable to the Mormons, and when the Mormons are very much opposed, there is in fact a similarity between them. Sorry, I didn't want to go to the beach. <br /> <br /> Another "baptist in our barbecue" aspect that I didn't care for was an actor. Performances are very amateurish and unnatural, especially female Heather Beers. Miss Beers strikes her way without passion or feeling for her role, and I wasn't too impressed by Dan Merkley, the main character in this film shortage, but I have to say that she is more talented or shows more talent in the film than Heather Beers. Who played the sheriff of the city was also terrible. Although the film may have a little laughter, it is full of clichés. For example, the main character, Tartan (Merkley), finds solace with the Indians, who always give him the best advice on the lifestyle of tribes - how is the cliché? To make the situation even more pathetic cliché, Tartan buys a poor, lonely pagan puppy dog. Ugghhh! <br /> <br /> If you want my advice, stay as far away as you can get a baptist from your barbecue. I saw it on the shelf and thought it would be a cute and interesting little religion indie. All I got was well. Rating: D- <br /> <br /> My Rating Guide - A + (absolutley flawless); A (perfect masterpiece); A- (excellent); B + (high); B (very good); B- (good); C + (mixed bag); C (average); C- (disappointment); D + (bad); D (very bad); D- (absolutley scary); F (not one that redeems quality in this Hollywood stool).
