The concept of this horror film made on TV is ridiculous except for words, but hey, it was in the late 1970s and literally all the foolish horror formats were pretty damn profitable, so why not take advantage of the idea of ​​a satanically acquired dog? The Devil Dog plot is easy to describe for horror fans: just think of "Omen" and replace the newborn boy with the German Shepard sons' nest! Seriously, I'm not kidding, that's the movie! During the opening, the members of a satanic cult will buy a warm female dog only to be impregnated by Satan. You think the Lord of Darkness has other things in his mind than to hide with the German Shepard and take over the world from one evil puppy, but apparently not. Just like the little Damien in The Omen, one of the puppies is involved in the model family and grows up into a beautiful and charismatic animal. But happy? is this the name of the dog? is pure evil and destroys annoying neighbors and nervous school teachers in a derived and similar way. He also causes his malignant family and children, but he cannot force his father (Richard Crenna) to push his lawn mower because he is "chosen". The whole thing becomes too harsh when Crenna finally travels to Ecuador to look for an old wall festival and get advice from an old witch who speaks perfect English. I think he found out he was living alone on the hill all his life. Director Curtis Harrington ("What is Helen", "Ruby") and the leader actor Richard Crenna ("Wait until darkness", "Evil") are desperately trying to create a mysterious and mysterious atmosphere, but everything is in vain. Scenes such as cute puppy eyes that spontaneously come to a fire in a Spanish leotard or a dog that is unable to move instead of the gospels, and not even a spooky music music can't do that. The "special" effects are pathetic, especially near the end, when Satan's dog mutates completely into the wall of the cheese. "Devil Dog" is a really stupid movie, but it is definitely fun to watch some friends and water in the late evening. Martine Beswick ("Dr Jekyll and Sister Hyde") are fun short spots as a terrifying cult of Queen and R.G. Armstrong ("The Car", "The Pack") is a salesman of evil fruit, vegetables and puppies. And yes, this annoying daughter is the same boy who blows out complaining about his ice cream against Carpenter "Assault on Precinct 13".
