As expected, in the 70s, Mazurski's film would be a counter-culture that is compassionate to the hippies - and there are a lot of hippies - and, of course, it is childishly anti-authoritarian (eg a scene about Mexico) when Sutherland provokes a normal officer, showing little respect and blame. the last one to open her luggage just because she has long hair (Sutherland). A constant left-hand drift could have reached my nerves if I hadn't prepared it; In Sutherland, for his family and friends, his film is about possible film ideas, and most of these ideas are either black or Indians (it goes without saying that he would be welcomed with open arms in today's Hollywood). One of his film ideas is in a black uprising in Beverly Hills - a racial war, so to speak, in the middle of L.A. This is the kind of nonsense that Mazursky thinks about writing his film scripts. Fortunately, some of Sutherland's hipsters are kidding about this black revolution, and the resulting dialogue is not bad; A little later, the Jewish guy makes a slit in Sutherland, making a film about "masturbation and black problem" when the latter starts talking about masturbation. Another funny moment is when Sutherland's older daughter makes a computer on stage with her white schoolmates, and they all say, "We, the black people of South Africa ...". <br /> <br /> Hollywood makes a movie about Hollywood whenever Hollywood makes a movie about Hollywood, where Hollywood movies are discussed. It really is very, very self-conscious. Scene Fellini (playing by himself) is more fun than annoying. Mazursky throws the usual flower-children and anti-Vietnamese bulls and also entertains the company in Hollywood, but he was / is as much a part of the "fake Hollywood" (songs of that song in the surreal war) segment) as anyone else; I'm pretty sure he's doing a little fake at the Beverly Hills parties and is mistaken, shaking the hands of people he doesn't know or doesn't want, but whose money he wants next to his (left)). As for her hair: she has the worst hair I've seen for a long time (on film or elsewhere); it is sort of like a long hair that a middle-aged accountant would have if it grew for a long time. The film is relatively interesting, despite its perseverance, but the last third impresses somewhat tedium. If you would like to read the biography of Donald Sutherland (and other Hollywood actors), please contact me by email.
