Offering terrifying writing, terrible action and a terrible trend, this is a tossup, whether Kinjite: Forbidden Subject is maliciously bad or just fun. It's almost like someone who ran the race to make the most beautiful, oldest Cannon movie. As a glimpse at the cast list, including "Lesbian Pedophile", "Perverted Gentleman", "Porn Actress" was not enough, this is your only way to see Charles Bronson's policeman in bed for a small life and throw a dildo - but don't worry, it's okay because the screen the shepherds explain that he only tortures him for information. After all, even if he is a little nice to protect his Catholic daughter, he is a nice Catholic policeman who regularly brings the local Catholic priest William O'Connell packed lunch and who believes in poetic justice - or at least ensuring that bad guys end up slammer with horniest The maximum security of detainees can give them a taste of their medicine. But that's what you say to him, "Look, I think you're a little unstable." However, if we later offered a bribe, he could capture: "I would like to push my ass up, but I don't want my hand dirty," he has clearly learned where to draw: instead, he eats $ 25,000 and puts his own Cadillac come on. Anal obsession even followed by movie title: despite the poster featuring a naked Japanese girl porn movie set, the film's only direct example of Kinjite / Forbidden themes, like Alex Hyde White's English teacher explains a group of Japanese businessmen, speaks about your bowel movement in a polite society. <br /> <br /> Bronson is not too old for this, because the open-minded fight is too clear, he is Peggy Lipton for the love of too old, and he seems old enough to have grown-up children. A better actor, once he got credit when he gave the right material, here he has been given a less well thought out character than the scary reactive letters. If he does not expand the circle of suspects, he involuntarily reduces them to death on the sides of buildings. He's definitely not P.C. Copper, which has a particular weakness for Japan - as if it wasn't bad enough for them to buy American companies, which is even worse, they double their public journey! No racial minority, be it a black pimp or a Pakistani hotel secretary, is not a police cliché recycled, be it a boss who tightens his fist on the table or a dead meat partner (Perry Lopez and his remarkably bad hair color, which is so prominent that it is worth the screen billing all over your). Double Plot Lines - Bronson L.A's cop is trying to take down Juan Hernandez's pimp, who is dealing with juvenile girls and James Pax's porn-session with a Japanese businessman? Take the eternal intertwine and then the most unlikely way: after the disappearance of Bronson's daughter on the bus ("Some Oriental men touched my saint!"), the film poets his poet Hernandez into poetic justice. The parties assume that the writer should keep his head around the corner of the screen and say, "How do they like apples?" <br /> <br /> There is a good idea for a germ under all laziness, even if it is too unpleasant to ever be clear about what this idea really is, but it's a clean Rising Sun: Archie Bunker version Like R-rated 80's music videos, which is a terrible and rather lazy dock shooting -'em-up-and-blow'em-up finale that sees a small army of machine-side sidekicks suddenly appear up to a free body count. The last Bronson is usually bad in various collaboration with J. Lee Thompson? and, unfortunately, Thompson's last film as a director - this is a bad signature for two underrated players, who no longer seemed to see what pictures they had.
