Blood Legacy begins with the arrival of a lawyer Tom Drake (Norman Bartold) in Dean's estate, which had previously died by Christopher Dean (John Carradine), and was welcomed by his four children, Gregory (Jeff Morrow) and his wife Laura. (Merry Anders), Victoria (Faith Domergue), Johnny (Richard Davalos) and Leslie (Brooke Mills) & her fella Carl Isenberg (John Smith). Drake plays a record when he is late for his father's request, a $ 136 million property is shared equally between his four children, if he were to die, the money is distributed equally to the rest and if everyone were to die freaky servants Elga (Ivy Bethune), Igor ( Buck Kartalian) and more noisy named Frank (John Russell) pocket a lot. Well, not satisfied with a quarter of $ 136 million (which is still almost $ 35 million back in 1971, which doesn't seem to me too bad), someone decides they want it all and it's not long before decapitated head has come in the fridge ... <br /> <br /> Roy Monson's Blood Legacy compiled, staged, and staged by me in two accounts. For starters of this movie alternate & much more common title is the Legacy of Blood, which is also the title to hide horror film directed by Andy Milliagn back to '78, which I've always wanted to see, both movies are regularly mixed because both are similar stories and when I I checked my screen cable TV guide The Legacy of Blood I was excited because he said it was a Milligan movie and even listed him as a director so when I actually sat watching it and heard John Carradine's voice & I then knew it wasn't Milligan the film I wanted to see, my heart sank. It is, of course, a simple but undeniably straightforward fact that Blood Legacy is a complete vocabulary that is occasionally painful to look at. The Monson and Eric Norden script is slow, boring and highly predictable. This character is a tedious way to be a completely bizarre, servant's son who asks his sister (?) Cane, strange brothers and sister who is just downright unlikely and so far from reality that all the tensions or secrets that a simple whodunit story could have achieved is very lost and then there is a terrible twist you can guess in the first 10 minutes. It's boring to look at, it's a bad pace and it's just a chore to even think about it. Please, someone save me because it's really a bad stuff. I could go all day, how bad Blood Legacy is, I really could. <br /> <br /> Director Monson worked with either a non-existent budget or decided not to even drive traffic. The whole movie looks ugly, it is poorly photographed and is neither atmospheric nor fearful. Blood and gore are tame, the head is the ax, the knee-headed, the scene when someone pushes the dead and the best murders when someone's face eats piranha. However, there are question marks in this scene, so the victim is right. There's a piranha tank, right. The victims' head is placed on the piranha tank, on the right. Pirahna eats the victims face, right. Water remains crystal clear, even though the victim has eaten, erm where is the blood? <br /> <br /> Technically, the blood register is terrible, it seems terrible, the sound was obviously alive and it's bothered and hard to hear what weighs the terrible dialogue is perhaps a hidden blessing. Action could not be an award, which is definitely the least talked about, the better. <br /> <br /> Blood legacy is a terrible film, there is really no positive aspect or if I can't think of it. Make your preference and don't worry about it, there are many better movies.
