I rented the video "The Piano Teacher" who didn't know anything other than what was written in the video box. I was a little scared because the Cannes prize-winning films are usually very good or very bad. Unfortunately, it belongs to the latter category. About a quarter of this entrance found myself loud: "This movie is boring." About half way I said to myself, "Where did I see it before?" With the three-quarter mark I had thought of it. <br /> <br /> Despite its literary origins, this film is basically the earlier version of Rome's Altman (1969) and better, "This Cold Day Park." Although the details are clearly different and Altman's work was more of a plot-based and less characteristic study, they are two films thematically identical. There is nothing new in this production. All aspects of this have been done in the past: a label that comes out of control with increasingly self-destructive behavior (Abel Ferrara "bad lieutenant" 1992); perverse and destructive love culminating in the scene of operational (close) death ("M. Butterfly" by David Cronenberg) 1993; occasionally brutal sexual scenes (David Lynch's "Blue Velvet" 1986); and so on. So I am confused by the fact that so many found the film "shocking", "breakable", etc. This highly derived film seems to have been made only to make the viewers feel uncomfortable and some of them successful. However, to this reaction, I greatly appreciate the lack of a movie viewing experience. Watch enough movies and finally it's all seen. And while it is true that I saw the "R-Rated" version being expelled, I doubt that additional scenes would change my overall view of "Piano Teacher". <br /> <br /> Technically, the film has no advantages. There is a very good camera work and the lighting is great. Reliable results from Isabelle Huppert will save you time wasting time. This is the first Haneke movie I've seen, and if I want to see more, I expect to have the same opinion I have about Ferrara: an interesting director, but not just a genius others make it out. Rating: 4/10.
