I've been a 15-year-old Bill Maher fan, but this movie was disappointing and at times nasty. Of course I am a Catholic, I came from a well educated family and go to church on my own will, which will probably put me to the end of a Bill. <br /> <br /> Bill's problem is that he expects religion to be equally negative. He has correctly documented its sociological aspects, ie one belief builds his holidays on another and that many wars have begun by faith (or, more precisely, the arbitrary appeals of people to the ultimate and undisputed authority of God), but he said he would never look at his positive side . To be honest, I think hell freezes before Bill ever lowers and travels to Calcutta slums, where Mother Theresa spent her life with the poorest poorest people. He is now dead, but he can easily visit the East LA Jesuit priest, headed by Homeboy Industries, who works with young men who usually have a gang and prison background to teach them career skills, get tattoos and become responsible members of society or society. He can visit the USC Higher Education Research Institute, which has gathered some of the world's best theologians, diplomats and investment banks to explore ways to integrate the world's poorest countries into global capital markets and thereby improve the standard of living for people living less than $ 1 a day. Of course, he does not do this because it would require him to consider evidence that is not easily suited to his upcoming beliefs in religion, and it is so much easier to continue with wilting, superficial jokes. <br /> <br /> It fits into Bill's second big problem, that he never gets to anyone at his level or under his right hand as he is. In this movie, Maher says that Cornell grad spends most of his time talking to truck drivers in an informal Christian truck stop service, a nightclub with a Dutch boy who smokes a pot all the time. In Miami, who claims to be the reincarnation of Christ, and an actor who plays Jesus in the "Holy Land" theme park. <br /> <br /> What you don't see in Bill's film, besides some superficial speculations, the Grand Central Station's doctoral degree, whose religion chemically changes brains like drugs, and that religion is a traditional mistake of the masses, is any serious and questioning interview with philosophy and with theology professors, such as Notre Dame, BYU, or Wheaton College, who could easily circumvent this issue in the debate. You don't see any serious discussion with C.S. Lewise, G.K. Chesterton or some papal code, and of course you will not find any discussions about any non-abrasive (Judaism, Christianity, and Islam) faith. Everything you get at the end of the day is a textbook example of the western flanking, snobby elite of LA that makes the film for yourself and has absolutely no gut understanding of how the other half of America who chose George W. Bush (twice) for his life or the school of thought behind it. <br /> <br /> I get a lot of what Bill says, but someone with their own intellect and influence was the film. nothing but pathetic. Anyone interested in the intellectual fermentation usually brought by indie documentaries can find more stimulation in the old repetition of Teletubbies.
