I rented it shortly after renting Ben Stein's "expelled" and thought it would be interesting to compare them. Before we go further, it seems fair to point out the following to the reader to see if I have been ignored or not. I'm trying to be objective in the record. <br /> <br /> I tend to enjoy Maher's HBO show now and now, although I think he is rarely a source of humor. I also don't care about his condition. But he is doing good points now and again at the show, and I liked the politically wrong, though he was still quite politically correct (which I find negative because this term sounds like an oracle or at least a fascist). As for my religious views, for the sake of simplicity, I am non-denominated. A Christian with some objectivist and some agnostic views. <br /> <br /> That is why this is a bad documentary for reasons that many reviewers have not touched yet - although mentioned. The reason why this is not convincing is not just that he claims the main point without the others speaking (and his point doesn't let anything logical, it's just "come, really?", What's not the question, but the question Try David Hume if you want a good argument.). The reason why this is not convincing is the lack of its experts. I saw it about 2 months ago and I remember him only with one person whose mandate was called a professional if he was not a cleric. There are probably hundreds of scientists or at least professors with a master's or doctorate who want to do some verbal sparring, especially in history, anthropology, or many others. <br /> <br /> When compared to Ben Stein's "expulsion: no permission", he finds that Stein interviews about 30 accredited professors, specialists, clerics, and so on. It does so with a variety of sources from different backgrounds. He also does his freedom of thought and education in the film. Maher could easily point out the violations of theocratic rules over the centuries or its persecution. Instead, he refers idiotically to the secular totalitarian regimes of the 20th century as evidence of why secularism needs more socio-political power !!!! (this is the bonus function where he stands in front of Anne Frank's house, I think.) This is Orwellia's main trip. He blames Christianity especially for many meaningless deaths that are part of, though much smaller than most! Perhaps this is because this argument is reduced by secular humanism in the unfortunate record of the 20th century ALONE. He chooses the weaker gazelles of the herd. How hard is it? How do we prove the existence of exceptions to the abolition of the general rule? This is not. Wow, so in culture, people think outside the norm? How it is known. Great Job Maher! Again, it would be quite easy to interview someone, such as Laurence Vance, and involve her in the rejection of a "patriotic duty", which requires people to fight any kind of war. it's not just funny here. Some clamps that overlap with contextual / unfair ways may be laughing, but mostly work to illustrate how Maher's true contextual argument is NOT coming, much less convincing. He spends most of his time with Christians, inaccurate inaccuracies and interviews with special groups that he does not really allow him to answer his questions. <br /> <br /> For a record, there are good questions to honestly ask religious people and many of them should ask themselves. He touches almost none of them. I feel that I would have been able to respond much more to most of the interviews than the people interviewed, but the whole thing is talking about deck packs that are involved and modified.
