Some funny bits, but come Bill! Movie? Quoting Zeitgeist? Keep the TV show and interviews, just the movie? I'm probably overreacted, but what is an unnecessary provocative film ... I don't know. I laughed, disagreed, agreed ... this movie is very confusing and inconsistent. <br /> <br /> Bill is a funny guy ... but also a very rushing ... Bill's rhetoric is like Bill Hicks, a brilliant comedian. But like many comedies, the boundary between comedy and preaching can be annoying. I think the main problem with this film is its lack of sensitivity. It may be just a personal taste, but the comedy that continually treats anyone is not true. Bill is apparently responsive to emotionally religious fundamentalism. I agree with Bill that religious fanatics are not sensible, but the response to it cannot be sensible. This creates unnecessary confusion. We can do better than simply respond to fundamentalism. His conclusion is that "we do not know" and convincingly tries to convince the spectator that no one knows anything, so that the agnostic community has been concerned about the lack of serious research in comparative faith. His humility that he only knows he is not is a contradiction, as he tries to insist that all religious thoughts be meaningless. <br /> <br /> I had a big problem with the film that saw Zeitgeist, Bill's movie. All astrotheology influenced by non-mind, which simplifies all religions, is simply disappointing. Zeitgeist has provoked many contradictions and has interfered with the validity of so many valuable scholarships for religious studies. It is very sad that the wrong facts have not been perverted by a reliable scientific source. Astro-mystical sources that reduce everything "stars say everything" seem to be in the Middle Ages. This film is a confusing wording of the confusion of "agnostic". Agnosticism is much more complicated and philosophically more academic than defending every single topic as "we do not know". This film is an obvious proof of how postmodernism has been able to simplify and generalize larger issues. Watch the movie (it has fun interviews and bits), but please don't act like Bill. You can't wait for someone to mature when you make sardonic comments on every other line. His arguments are humiliating and offensive, provoking emotional reactions rather than rational and logical reasoning. There must be a more mature way to deal with these issues.
