John Boorman in 1998 The general was welcomed as a great comeback, although it is hard to see why the film's own evidence. One of the three films made this year for the famous Northern Ireland criminal case, Martin Cahill (alongside the usual decent criminal and hostile circle), is rich in incidents and styles (the film is painted but released in some areas). no effect and just continues forever. The main character who threatens witnesses, car bomb doctors, causes a hundred people to lose their jobs, tries to buy their gang from a sexually abused daughter to keep the prison and nail another snooker. is still a popular local legend that is attractive to his wife not only to approve but to actually recommend to remember the trio with his sister, needs a charismatic central job to sell a character and a movie. It doesn't get it. Instead, what may be the worst and most inseparable result of Brendan Gleeson is that he brings his own lines and stands in the right place, but there is nothing to suggest that a local hero or intricate internal work. On the plus side, it does not help the excess character that is more than a selfish thug, but it is contrary to a script that seems to be waiting for us to love her and her antics. <br /> <br /> A small piece of interest that raises interest when the IRA beeps against a local "hate" campaign against its men by coloring them as "social" drug dealers, as Cahill does not share his looting with robbery, but its temporary resolution it is so vague that it is related to Cahill, who spreads the balaclava and unites the protesters we are supposed to find calmly - that it is simply thrown away. The last three are more successful things when the pressure confirmations and his army break down, but then it's too late to really care. Adrian Dunbar, Maria Doyle Kennedy, and the gorgeous Angeline Ball are doing well to support the supportive roles, but Jon Voight's hammy Garda won a police officer that it seems to be more for American sales than a moral balance that compensates for Gleeson's Communist non-participation in a complete break. Come back to Zardoz, everything is forgiven.
