Like any movie genre, there are good gangster movies and bad gangster movies. If you asked me to call a good gangster movie, I'd have dozens to choose from. If you asked me to name a bad gangster movie, probably the first thing that appears to me is that I still have some disappointment about a week, because I saw the movie first and I promise you the last time. This movie is "General", which is not related to the same name as the silent film of 1926. It is a very dry, very slow gangster epic that raises questions not about the story (it is more than easy to follow), but because the filmmakers decided to do this rather sparse effort. <br /> <br /> Like "Goodfellas" (1990) and "American Gangster" (2007)? Two ultimate mobile movies? "General" is based on real people and real events. The film revolves around a criminal case in Ireland called Martin Cahill (Brendan Gleeson), who began his long chain of crimes that stole food as a teenager, and then, when moving, to rob museums and houses as adults. In the meantime, the police, headed by Inspector Kenny (Jon Voight), are trying to prove desperately and forcefully one of his crimes and blame (or kill) him. <br /> <br /> Maybe because it's the same category movie as the wonderful "Goodfellad" (1990) and the first two "godfather" movies, I waited too much for "General". But it may be too easy. It would have been a bad film if I didn't see the above-mentioned masterpieces before the boredom of the oak bleed and the screaming of the bad scenes was too stretched. Let's start by tapping the movie, just looking at the style in which it is presented. For some reason, director John Boorman and operator Seamus Deasy chose the film as black and white, while its style and presentation are clearly elements of a full-fledged color film. Now I have nothing against b / w images, not even in modern times. "Schindler's List" (1993) was filmed in more than ninety percent of black and white and is a masterpiece. "General", made only five years after the "Schindler list", is not. Cinematic art also has too much illumination keys that seem very disturbing and give the film a great video game of a similar quality that I just felt annoying. The filmmakers were obviously in a realistic documentary style, such as "Schindler's List", but they failed, making it too documentary and at the same time too classic. The film's performances range from the poor to the passing. Brendan Gleeson and Jon Voight gave their roles a decent enthusiasm, but sometimes it seemed to me that even when they started to scare the terrible scenario they quoted. Sound design is also very primitive, most likely trying to give him a complaint about the crime of the 40s, but it also fails, because again it is too much like today's picture and seems unknown in the place. <br /> <br But the worst thing about this is that there is no character in the movie that I felt about feelings or opinions. In fact, every single moment of each scene was my only idea that went through my head, "Okay? The moment that can come in the right movie, if shocking or terrible, is just boring and time consuming here. I didn't stay against the character of Brendan Gleeson because Cahill's character The way of writing is just flat and boring. Gleeson just plays a common criminal and doesn't beat what the real Martin Cahill probably did. When a character is killed (because they are always in gangsters), we don't know anything. No regrets, no relief or surprise , we're just saying "So what?" And that's all I did during this very thin, very badly made movie movie.
