Written by a woman and directed by another. Whoppie. Are we for a feminist journey. Attach your belts, ladies, because we intend to enter the middle-aged man and innocent women with good intentions. <br /> <br /> In this soother, Trish has a man in action, who behaves, looks and dresses like a pimp (!) and gives him the job of hoping to nail him some time later. In his office, he even touches his chin, how the megalomania in the Bond movie would have been captured after the girl and just before he was ready to kill him with Bond. Some time hiding the pimp / employment boy in the female dressing room Trishi, harassing him and even reaching him rape. These evil, evil men. They're all bad, you don't know. You can't even look for a job today without rape, better women? Well, we're showing! In this movie there is a divorced women's club or something that is run by Janet Leigh, who talks about all the women involved in this film when she says "men are all s ** t". He complains about how terrible people are; he's divorced five times. Now, seriously: every woman who gets married twenty times and uses this statistics as an argument that men are all "bad" must finally realize that the explanation may be elsewhere, or? It must be clear to him that: a) he is a bad male characteristic judge or - much more likely - b) it is impossible for a SHE to live - his former husbands were probably victims or if they were really ** holes he probably got what he did earned. (Don't prove that Zsa-Zsa Gabor and Liz Taylor like it? Show me a pleasant woman who married her often, and I'll show you how to reach Mars planet using only roller skates and ladders.) Trish finally meets a computer man who restores faith in men - but keep your horses; this guy turns out to be married, thus proving that men are really "bad". If, of course, the old vegetable seller was not around the corner who loves his wife, although he is still dead, proving that all men are "bad", except for kindly old men whose penis does not work and "can't" nothing gets anyway so that they are forced to give up the life of ** holokolism and finally give women the respect they deserve. Even supportive male characters are all "bad"; The black boy in the employment agency is unfriendly, and the gang of the gang is right rude - and unknown (bastard, * sob * ... * sniffle * ??) And what about this corny, the horn? .. The protocol before the trial, Trishi waives his spouse's financial claim, knowing that he is now "free" and that he can finally jump in the pool ... ?? What is it all about? His jump to the pool is then - very predictably - frozen when the credit starts to play, while life-inspiring I-not-need-revenge-my-hus-money-music begins to hit. is shocked when he forgoes money, but they have not been shocked for a long time and soon start to joke about what Trish's lawyer gets when he hears it. The Shyster lawyer is, of course, a man. An evil, evil, terrible "bad" man whose only interest in this world is money ... Ah, those men; all they care about is money; they don't know anything about higher values ​​in life-like purchases. I'm glad we have such films; They bring the sexes closer, but most importantly, they teach girls and young women that men are all horrible, selfish, skirt-shaped bastards who throw you at the first opportunities in the world of poverty and misery. So, girls, open your mouth in your girl's mouth. Lesbian Power!
