Previous commentator Steve Richmond noted that "Walk On The Moon" is "not worth your $ 7". Finally, I paid a little more than this movie or an existing movie to import one of the worst quality DVDs. Even if you ignore the fact that the DVD comes from a clearly embedded captain and just to look at the discomfort, the film has no redemption features (except Anna's presence) to make high-quality Blu-Ray broadcast valuable. Not that it is the fault of other participants. Liev Schreiber, Diane Lane, Tovah Feldshuh and Viggo Mortensen all achieved high results compared to Anna Paquin's ability scheme. What's more, Holly Hunter or Sam Neill did, despite the equally cumbersome script. Continuing with Tony Goldwyn is not a shadow, but Pamela Gray continues on Wes Craven's most dramatic excursion outside the horror or slip type, so one might be sorry to think it is a bad case. <br /> <br /> As I have already mentioned, the only reason I watched this film was Anna Paquin. In making his debut, he literally worked with industry veterans at least twelve years of experience at the table. Though she's not so far away from her walks here, her idea of ​​a girl who starts to pieces and grows into a woman whose world falls over her proves that her Oscar was not a fluke. I've been telling my friends for some time that he would be the best choice to portray his hero of his second complete novel, and the seventy-three-minute dialogue in this film is another example of why. This woman could literally paint on the walls. Anna aside, but Liev Schreiber comes to the audience with compassion. Of course, most of his character spends his film, ignoring a woman with an existential crisis, but he plays a brilliant reaction from a man who feels great cheated. I should know, even if it doesn't come from the same facts here. <br /> <br /> Viggo Mortensen also deserves credit if he depicts a traveler, although perhaps not to the same extent. In fact, he talks about a piece of a criminal, but gives him a third dimension. Yes, his actions, even after the whole thing explodes, are too low, but many people do not behave differently in their situation. No one wants to be such a person in such confusion, so Viggo deserves a lot of trying to try it out here. Unfortunately, all the participants who talk about a woman who knows a trapped marriage, where Tovah Feldshuh tells us that the only ones who know how to live a life do not exist. Did the writer Pamela Gray or director Tony Goldwyn think they could just put this line in a movie without thinking of how the audience could get it. Anna even tells the audience when she asks Diana whom she has to talk about. <br /> <br /> This means that there are also a couple of things in the movie for Annie. Mason Daring's original music, which does not differ in any way, gives the film a feeling that it is depicted in an image that helps if other elements do not. Roger Ebert is right to point out that although Liev is a great actor, he puts Viggo a story about a woman who is forced to choose a marriage and there is a big mistake between her fantasy. He is also very correct that if a film tends to be between Lane and Mortensen, which is coarse or underwater, it will lose the focus of the violation and become soft porn. The film ultimately seems to be confusing about its story position. Regardless of how many times I rewrite Lievi scenes, I can't help but feel that he has changed direction or editing. It is not necessary to run a beautiful or beautiful one, but the steps that would be most interesting or advanced for them would have been far. <br /> <br /> Ebert also hits the pound directly when he says that every time he saw Anna on the screen, he thought his character was the real story. The story that a woman feels neglect and getting into a man who seems interesting or even dangerous is a little dozen so far, so that even the story is set in parallel with an event that is in the earth when a month's landing does not help. Despite the fact that his character's story has rebelled, Anna can also walk around with a neon sign, asking the audience to ask if they want to see the whole thing through her eyes. While I am fully aware that it is difficult to control exactly what kind of character your audience finds more interesting, there are many if they don't bother to try Lane and Schreiber. The fans of these two would have suggested looking elsewhere. Hopefully, my ramblings will now give some ideas about where the whole thing went wrong. <br /> <br /> I gave a walk in the Ten of Ten. Anna Paquin earns a bonus point with one of the best performances (and it says something).
