Recently, I had the opportunity to view the Worksheet in Kansas City (Olathe, KS.). For me, being an artist lover, I find it difficult to report the following, but the truth is sometimes painful and, frankly, after I sat through this horror (I use here the definition here - worthless statements or writings)) I feel obliged to share (WARN) interested parties. Let's start from the beginning, a good place to start as always. The first 15 minutes aren't really that bad, a few laughs and a decent development, but then there's a downhill. This is the story of a woman in the mid-thirties that (if the writer wants you to believe) she is satisfied and unfulfilled with her life. The first big problem is when you don't know the fact that you're going to the movie, you don't know if he suddenly risks it all, in my opinion, very unkempt and unlikely with a local salesman. There is little development (drastically inadequate development) to justify his action on the thing he owns, and if it does, it seems like I did that he is just a little moral. The word "slut" comes to mind, hopefully they will revise and comment on it. This is, in my opinion, the first lethal mistake in the film. If you are married or have ever been in love, regardless of whether you are a man or a woman, he will turn you off. Frankly, I feel that it would have done a much better "blue movie" - this is the level I think the scenario deserves. Another deadly mistake is casting, Diane Lane just didn't work for me here and Viggo Mortensen is not the right person to believe me. Anna Paquin is the only sustainable arm of the whole film, her ability as the depth of a beautiful actress shines in places giving a subtle, but very blunt (I apologize for the dichotomy, but it's accurate) from the emergence of a teen. Bravo, well done. I'm not giving up, but I was disappointed when the bill was presented for life. Romance is one thing ... but the end, as it is ... Well, if that's enough for you to see this picture Don't tell me I didn't warn you, but look at it quickly - if this celluloid is released, I doubt that it will go four weeks before the flames break. I'd say I'm looking for a video, but free sexual education tapes at most video outlets are more entertaining. Hmmm, Dustin Hoffman produced it, you think he studied after Ishtar. This film wore the title "Blouse Man" and it should have remained on the rack. If you have never wanted to go to the movie in your life, give it one for 35-40 minutes, the only thing to stay for is Anna Paquin, if you find out on the stomach that you find your mind drifting, whether you took it garbage before leaving home, which is probably where you should have lived if you saw this movie. That's my two cents worth.
