First, a small summary. This reporter, named Torch, basically tries out the story of a zombie outbreak and finds that the military and the government are censoring it. The nice message, the censorship of the government, and all that, but the way they did the movie, I had a good explanation. <br /> <br /> This movie has not been described. The idea that George Romero keeps it higher than anything is a good reason for the reviewer to be committed to the spiritual body. The script itself is terrifying as it was written in the sixth grade. For special effects in particular, I realize that independent films have small budgets and some gore effects seemed acceptable, but if you want a scene with fire, here is a tip: buy some non-flammable material, be ready for a fire extinguisher and come! Don't add it digitally and make it an explosion in the Nintendo 64 game. Acting, let's be so. In the summer theater program, the script is a godfather compared to cold reading. I'm not even going into contradictions. Find them yourself. <br /> <br /> What most disturbed me was when everything was finished after shooting and editing, someone could say, "Okay, that's good. We're sorry." It sends behind her, even thinking about it, to think that someone felt it was good enough for the DVD. This is not a DVD quality. This is not the quality of the Sci-Fi channel. Hell, it's not even a film school quality. If you presented it to a film school for a project, you could get F, not even F, like F-. I wouldn't be surprised if he tried to send you out. <br /> <br /> I felt like I used it after I saw it. Blockbuster and the filmmakers now have their own money and I wouldn't want to think about what they do with it. I've been against some legal theft of a complicated and unpleasant scheme, and it's not good to think I was walking right, looking back at the back cover for pleasant memories to find only Ed Wood to watch and say later, "I didn't care much about it." This movie is one of the most terrible movies I've seen. I haven't seen anything from Ed Wood, but I have confidence that it is worse. If you are looking for a serious cinema, as many as ten feet of this is probably a bad headache. If not, I suggest that you still write to the director and ask how he sleeps at night. But if you are a person who really laughs at bad things, I suggest you look at it. You don't have to be disappointed.
