I couldn't believe that this terrible movie was made at all. The worst actors found the worst script (Mark Frost & Sollace Mitchell) and the worst waste of time watching. I'm not creating a story because it's not really worth it. But I'm working on some shows and definitely a story. As for the story, it is very hard to believe that this bit of crazy crazy scheme can actually do what it did. The fact that a woman was not really able to protect her with a little thing. The fact that the husband could indeed find an attraction at all. The fact that the defense lawyer could break every court decision and do it after the judge ordered to close the empty space. And the end result of the film is insult to justice, film codes and male species. The issue with this confusion is that women do as they wish, kill whom they want, protect the killer, and get away with it, while the kid robs the innocent victim. It is hard to believe that director and man Sollace Mitchell would even like to do a little. <br /> <br /> As for the actress, the murderer Jordan Ladd is terrible. Loony toons who needs murder during the trial (is it allowed in court)? Another look at his eyes and shows how he is innocent and I threw it. He's not even attractive enough for every man to leave his wife. The man Vincent Spano played on one level mostly looks out and stupid. He was so foreseeable that he reached the traps of the women around him. The worst thing was that the Dutch Taylor was the Attourney of the Defense Forces. He acted all over the film and looked at justice. If he looked at me at any time, I would have told him to go. All the others with this buggy movie did their job the way they did it. <br /> <br /> I would like to give this film a zero rating. But we are forced to get started 1. Too bad. Let's have more painful movies anymore. Life can do better, I know. <br /> <br /> This is a postcode: made a mistake by changing the movie's movie incorrectly. As soon as I saw bimbo Jordan Ladd, I knew I saw it before and didn't like it. Not only did I turn this thing off, but I had to add my anger to people like Sollace Mitchell, who wrote the script, but also led this terrible flick. Does anyone see that his message is that the disease is paying. This director / writer is sick and killing people. Fully male species idiots. Well, this man tells you to go somewhere painful. We are not all that stupid and we are talking about our so-called film, which deserves to be remembered in the trash. <br /> <br /> And again this loser is shown. Why ???? Can't you read reviews about this stupid and despicable movie? Do we constantly see bimbo Jordan Ladd again? Get him out of the TV, movies and inconspicuous. He's just terrible in every sense. Phew !!!!
