I happened to rain on this flick on Sunday, intending to tune something else. Curiously I got here for the comments and found myself to the end. I really didn't do it with intention - it was one of those movies where you are "fascinated" and watch it "for a few more minutes" until you finally look to the end. And making this charge in most of these comments made it more interesting. One comment that a person really liked seems to be only the result of remembering Ladd and Spano and their earlier roles. But there is nothing great here, where there is nothing - story, performances, and particularly absurd court-hi-jinks. We all know that Perry Mason (300 liters before the passing of Raymond Burr) and Ben Matlock will be given some room for maneuver in the courtroom, rather than being confined to the speaker forever. In particular, Matlock is given the privilege of entering the exhibits often by simply going to the jury and showing them before the judge and the prosecutor have even informed or shown them. No real life judge or prosecutor would stand for it. <br /> <br /> Perry and Ben almost always stopped the proceedings by pulling a true killer certificate. In fact, Perry almost always did this, but often Matlock just showed evidence of the culprit, declared it "reasonable suspicion", and then left the police and prosecutor against the culprit - sometimes on the camera, sometimes also at the end of the show, so that the Dutch Taylor histrionics and the amount of freedom offered to him in the courtroom of this story was similar to that of Matlock / Mason. slow, often boring detail, as seen on court television and in real courtrooms. The end was the most banal, absurd, even silly conclusion - but again, it was exciting. Ladd and Spano are attractive individuals and v. movies seem to be their best bets - probably the best 2-lead (probably better than the third) roles, even at this place. Taylor may be thrown as one aunt or as a mother. Give this one 1-star story / performance and 3 more to the magic factor.
