His Christmas Eve and lazy and submissive housewife Della (Kim Basinger) gets some violent threats from her hard and malicious spouse. Leaving her double children in bed, she takes her to one of the last shopping malls in the local mall at night. Finding it busy and finding a parking space is almost impossible, Della takes one driver, parked in two rooms, leaving a note to them. Back in your car after visiting the shops where he is facing some yobs, you are the car owner he left, they are very angry and want to have fun with him. hands and guard are being shot, Della is now escaping with murderous horses, tracking them, shooting her, losing control of her car and crashing, quickly grabbing her toolbox from the trunk, hiding on an abandoned construction site, but soon catching it, just before trying to rape her and to kill, his magic toolbox produces a wrench that wounds their driver "Chuckie", he succeeds in getting to the neighboring forests. It happens to be a black boy. At night, the night is deepening for all involved people, because it is a deadly cat and mouse game. A similar plot line to Lake Eden pulled me into this, but this is where the comparisons end. It is a nonsense and stupid film that has been shockingly scripted and terribly acted by all parties. Doe eyed Disney-esquire twin kids are terrible to look at, but Lukas Haas is Chuckie, who has to take the bad behavior department, even though he's an equally terrible husband to run for his money. Since the film is full of telegraphs, Della's mobile phone has been built up early and the credit card has been canceled in the shop and has no money and no Christmas Eve, now that they could go with it, I don't know? The only surprising part of this strike is that, after killing all the bad guys in the clichés with the content of his magical toolbox, he requires f @ ck from Chuckie if my jaw was not already terrible on the floor of this film, would have fallen and burst onto the floor. even the end is confused, all feminist grandmothers who want their pound of meat are completely disappointed. I didn't think I could be disappointed yet, but then I saw Guillermo del Toro produce it
