So this is actor Kim Basinger? Mmm ?? The truth is that the title of the movie is something quite eye-catching to get your interest and the plot sketch looks so basic, but simplicity can have its strengths. Anyway, when I was out, I finally felt quite indifferent. Not worse (despite the negative negativity), but there's a better way than a reasonably gentle but compact and unbalanced suburban housewife with a lively fabulous late night who has been trying to fight for her life in the woods when she saw the landlord's death that came to her help when he made an unsightly change in the shopping club with some puppets. <br /> <br /> The problem here is a mistakenly mistaken and predictable material (which is taken from the story) with very variable performances. The scandalous script was badly thought out (which is not as good as your plot has a small structure to hang off), so many bad additions and suspicious acts reach this endless chain of events. In connection with stereotypical goons (led by persuasive Lukas Hass as an open canon), he is terrorizing Basinger, but they were less than threatening but hopelessly helpless. Looking at Basinger, who in his hand with a red toolbox strikes the wilderness, do not try to knock these wannabe spots one after another, as it did not create tension or emotion? but instead, there was a clumsy bullshit that was absurdly guilty of leading stupidity. Basinger's performance is stout-like but doesn't deal with much empathy. Craig Sheffer appears as his hot leader. Oddly enough, couldn't I keep my eyes on the screen? thought to me that the red toolbox is hypnotic (why is it constantly carrying it) and what tool was it going to use to send the next thug? his choices were quite disappointing. Looking at his transformation through a traumatic situation, when things have finally turned around, nothing has failed because of this uncertain tone and end. <br /> <br /> Susan Montford's sober, smooth direction is lacking in cohesion and energy as it tends to pass. However, I liked the opening credits, the ghostly blow (which is the most effective thing in all function) and polished photography. <br /> <br /> No big shakes. Don't ask much of your time, but I wouldn't want to see it again. But with the addition of Joy Division's song, he made a couple of albums to listen to.
