First, Kim Basinger? Your abundant banker spouse leaves you alone in your beautiful, probably home-made cash, and you can't even put on a decent shirt? I'm a woman, and yeah, I'll come out right now and say it - clean something, starting with my hair. And if you are, it's Christmas Eve. Buy some gifts for your kids ... or at least a Christmas tree. Do not drive to an overcrowded shopping center within 40 minutes, park your car 3 miles away and cry for a walk and just buy wrapping paper. Also, the next time you decide to leave someone nasty, don't sign your name. I don't agree with Della. Obviously, Kim Basinger is the executive producer of this masterpiece, he wants you to feel a bad white blonde woman bad. We get it. Alec Baldwin is a jerk, but seriously, does not shape his life after horrible movies. You're also in the 50s. You would definitely not have 8-year-old twins. AND THEIR NAMES? Terry and Tammy. How to let your children grow up with a proper opportunity to always respect yourself. It is also quite fantastic to hear that the characters of the movie are constantly called her beautiful or refer to her as a "girl" ... maybe Mrs Basinger had some testimony about the script. It is also quite fantastic how no criminals can fight. Obviously Della's magical ninja skills are impossible to win. His driving skills are also pretty nice. This movie is so cliché, it's painful. Wahhhhh! They wrote their names incorrectly on the leaflets. Or your man put a wall on the wall, but all you mean is buying a nail polish when you are in a mall, maybe a few plaster and paint. Or the woman you went to high school when you bought the teddy you were looking at. Boohooo! My court proves that he refuses to run the BRIGHT trench through the forest, run through and crush everything on his way. This woman is a moor. Who thinks it grabs the toolbox from the car but not their wallet, full of items like your address. I've never wanted "bad guys" to succeed as much as I watched this movie. And did anyone happen to be the "African-American" shirt whose black guy was athletic? Oh yes, turn and keep your eyes on the most racially stereotypical film. Don't waste and feel for twenty minutes of your life. Instead, do what Della couldn't understand how to do it ... take care of your children and brush your hair. This powerful ballad was quite impressive. Singing "I'm at home for Christmas" during the rain when your bloody hand tends to be so tight on your wrapping paper is about as emotional as it gets. Thanks Della!
