I really don't want to compare Martin Scorsese's Cape Fear classic 1962 Cape Fear movie, but I can't help. I am not only a big fan of Robert Mitchum and Gregory Peck but also Fear Fear, but when Scorsese contains scenes from the previous movie (Cady takes the keys out of the ignition, the dog dies) and even Bernard Herrmann's score using the whole movie, he doesn't give me much ways to not compare because I can't help but think of classic Cape Fear for almost every scene. Compared to the classic version of the Scorsese Cape Fear version, the classic remake must be destroyed; but even if the film itself is taken, it is still bad. <br /> <br /> Now, Scorsese and scriptwriter Wesley Strick are not around for the 1962 Cape Fear scene scene. Unfortunately, this is one of the problems with the film. Gone is the original crazy and animal-like Max Cady, who has issued for personal revenge, the 1991 version of Max Cady is a religious fanatic to "save" Sam Bowden and who is in contact with his feminine (his words, not mine). Also gone is a stand-up and strong Sam Bowden to see the classic Cape Fear movie, Sam found in 1991 remake of a very silly, magoo, untrustworthy and very unlikely. Even Mrs Bowden has a completely different character - she's mader than Max Cady! The general story has also changed - Sam did not admit Cady in court to put him in jail like a classic version, Sam is now Cady's former lawyer, Cady suspects he won't do everything he can to prevent him from being imprisoned and he is "saved her". <br /> <br /> The general story has changed and I don't hold it too much, but the overall script is also weak. The other subplots are thrown into a mixture that not only draws a bigger picture, but also just a poorly written one. The film also contains some honestly absurd scenes and is full of apathetic and even ridiculous features that you can't take the least seriously. These aspects remove the dangerous and excitement the movie should have, but they also have the help of this department. <br /> <br /> Now, Cape Fear's classic version is filmed with exceptionally excellent light and a powerfully effective delay combined with barefaced brutality, giving excitement when the movie demanded it, and threatening it all over. But Scorsese can't do it in Cape Fear, giving the film the appearance of a cookie cutter in the early 1990s, a sense of danger, no intrusive scenes and little style (if you don't read the style of fire and silhouette). Yes, there are some cruel acts of violence and some effort has been made to make this fear bigger than the original fear, but it gets empty and all shocked, but not honored. <br /> <br /> If everything was not enough, the operation is not great. Robert De Niro (being somehow nominated for the Academic Award for his activities) starts well as Max Cady, but he is gradually getting worse until he ends up laughing at the end of the film. The opposite is true of Jessica Lange's and her Bowden's performance, which stretches over most of the film, giving the end of a convincing and exotic show. Like Sam Bowden, Nick Nolte remains the same on the whole film: beige. Juliette Lewis (who also participated in the academic award nominee) is good enough for her Danielle Bowden, but she is invited to play a real foolish character and it's hard to really like what we see on the screen. <br /> <br /> This movie often seems to be one of the few good remodels and I can't figure out why. I wanted to like it; I really did - I mean, when I start to make Cape Fear, I like it too - but I just couldn't. What does not contain anything that would be a great and in itself unbreakable inevitable comparison with the original Cape Fear, I found that Martin Scorsese's Cape Fear is a very bad film. The best things about the film are Robert Mitchum and Gregory Peck in their support roles - go figur.
