The ghost of the Vietnam War has haunted the American psyche for thirty years. If not, because the fact that tens of thousands of American soldiers went to MIA in Vietnam, or the way they were returned, was because it was the first war that America might say lost. Many men came out of the war with their former self, and the original First Blood was able to give a little insight into their problems when they tried to reverse the world, as they say. The first part of blood II, however, is a bit more than a fist-pumping confusion that illustrates how America can be both victory and victory. Stallone consistently highlights a special force command while Richard Crenna tries to keep a serious factor. When all this has been withdrawn, it is a script that did nothing better when it was called action lost and celebrated by Chuck Norris. The lack of logic in the original is now gone, as filmmakers decide to paint a massive S Rambo on a massive chest. <br /> <br /> The film will take some time after the end of the first blood. The film, that is, the novel did not allow the after-effects. In this mediocre watch, Rambo has been working on what seems to be an open-air mine. As he breaks the stones and runs sweat, the prison guard pulls him away and talks to Colonel Trautman, who advises him that his government is ready to offer him early release when he goes on a hidden mission. Rambo, who is never a hard day behind violent work, will immediately receive and send a hidden base, which seems to be Cambodia or Thailand (forget what). From there, he is ordered to look for a camp where allegedly American MIAs are being held and photographed. His mission clearly states that he is not trying to secure their release. But Rambo is Rambo, but he has other ideas, despite their possible political consequences. <br /> <br /> Of course, things get a little bit skewed when it turns out that people ordering Rambo's work are more interested in not doing American MIA. It is an old old conspiracy theory and does not apologize for the exploitation of many American families who were left without a son for ten years when Vietnam's official war was raging. Of course, in the 1980s, the yingoisms inherent in American society were unable to help, but worked as a plot tune that the Vietnamese army was in bed, which seems to be one of the Russians' battalions. Together, both antagonists are trying to find out what information they can get from Rambo, but they are throwing them against the orgy of bullets, arrows, missiles, and destruction. The only thing that is missing is the moment Rambo runs out of grail-like landscaping and declares himself invincible. <br /> <br /> Frankly, the first part of blood II is a well-photographed and well-choreographed spectacle. Together, fighting with a larger Russian commander is one of the few battles in the film that has some dramatic tension. The rest is just the leader of the actor and the director who builds the imagination for the Americans to pump their fists. Luckily, this American cowboy died short of the action film, when more introspective and intelligent war films, such as Platoon, began to circulate. Some of the killings shown here are quite creative despite all the problems. The Vietnamese commander completes the end that many of the film's villains are envious. The Russian President bites it in such a remarkable way as it is ridiculous. Only in the 1980s, would a law be used inside the helicopter. Of course, there are clichés of films that are rooted in contradictions of facts, but never before that ridiculous. <br /> <br /> I gave Rambo: The first part of blood II, one out of ten. It's so bad that it's ridiculous and so ridiculous that it's often funny. It is not even necessary to serve in the army to find out how foolish some action sequences are. The only risk he takes is trying to make a stupid political statement about what is directly related to those who are directly involved. Keep your tongue firmly in your cheek and it can be traced.
