When the original First Blood had its long-drawn moments, it was at least partially exciting. Rambos: First blood, Part II shifted a lot of emphasis to the comic book. Reliability has been completely rejected; logic nose diving; Stallone becomes so impossible that there is no doubt that he will succeed in his mission. Just like any other person of that time (eg Invasion USA, Commando, Red Scorpion), Rambo: First Blood, Part II cancels its chances of real excitement by presenting a hero who is too scary to be afraid. If you can say from this word that Rambo is going to destroy hundreds of enemy soldiers, which has remained exciting? <br /> <br /> Captured after the first movie events, John J Rambo (Sylvester Stallone will be offered grace if he joins a covert operation in the Far East. The year is 1985 and a mission is organized to find out if the Vietnamese jungle is still a guy in the United States, Rambot is encouraged to hire his old mentor colonel Trautman (Richard Crenna), but the job is actually the clothes of the government facing Marshall Murdock (Charles Napier), just to drive the prison camp into the jungle and see if it contains some American boy? If this is not the case, he must cope with a chopper; if it does, he will have photographic evidence of his existence to be saved later. In his quest for a local knowledge woman, beautiful and inventive Co Bao (Julia Nickson) Of course, Rambo discovers that there are poWs in the camp, but he crosses his orders, rescuing one of them? ki commands who really do not seem to be a boy because of political and military consequences. Rambo has been captured and tortured by the enemy, but after an explosive escape, he tries to free his hands and get deceived by Murdock. <br /> <br /> A couple of good movie points come from Jack Cardiff's polished photography, an exhilarating score by Jerry Goldsmith and the professionalism of the stunt team in various activities. In addition to these few elections, the film has failed. Participants are reduced to macho-positioning, the plot sounds wrong, action sequences are breathless and unstoppable, dialogue is absurd? even violence becomes numerically predictable. At the time of his release, the United States was chaired by Ronald Reagan, a man with simple and hysterical anti-communist feelings. For this reason, modern audiences created this Commie-bashing festival as if it were the greatest film of all time, making it unnecessary for the box office to succeed. Fortunately, the time has changed? Nowadays, we can see it as a mere thoughtful activity that hitting a ridiculously large body, a ridiculously stupid and ridiculous hero.
