By law, there should never have been a "First Part II of Blood". The original manuscript of "First Blood" at the end of the film was a suicide of John Rambo, but it was changed to allow him to live, not because the manufacturers wanted to make a sequel, but because the test groups found the original ending too frustrating. However, someone probably thought the character was too good for him to be wasted because he came as a hero of the eighteenth film, as well as the recently released fourth part. <br /> <br /> The official title of this movie was "Rambo: First Blood Part II", but it's just known as "Rambo". It begins with the character of the title in prison, where it is supposed to mislead the "first blood" crimes, although it is never too clear. His former chief executive Colonel Trautman removes him from the secret mission. Rambo must return to Vietnam to investigate reports that the Communist regime is still holding American violence. He has strict instructions so that they do not try to save the prisoners or receive the enemy; he is just a fact-finding mission. <br /> <br /> What Rambo does not understand is that he is built not by Trautman, who is brave, honorable and indestructible, but the organizer of the military officer Murdock. Murdock intends that the mission will prove that there are no American prisoners in Vietnam, partly because it improves relations between American and Vietnamese governments, partly because it makes life easier. Unfortunately, Rambo discovers to Murdock that not only Americans are being held in prison, but also in hellish conditions. Of course he is too big a hero who leaves them to his fate and tries to save them. The rest of the film is a more or less long battle between Rambo and some Allies (including a beautiful Vietnamese girl) and soldiers of evil customs and their Russian allies. Most of the evil habits are naturally dead, although I was surprised to learn from my "trivia" section that the total number of deaths was as small as 67. Sometimes Rambo seemed to be trying to destroy the Vietnamese army throughout his life. <br /> <br /> The tone of this movie is different from the first one. In the "First Blood", Rambo was undoubtedly a crime, although his responsibility for his crimes was diminished by serious provocation and his spiritual instability. "Rambos" is his bona fide American hero. A couple of years ago, director George Pan Cosmatos had made "Cassandra Crossing", an impartial part of left-wing anti-American propaganda. However, Cosmatos was not a versatile one, and "Rambo" proves that he can turn his hand to pro-American right-wing propaganda. One thing that both films have in common is that both are ridiculously bad. <br /> <br /> "First Blood" had its bugs, but it also had virtues. His view that the anti-war movement was partly responsible for the problems faced by Vietnamese veterinarians in the restructuring of civilians was controversial, but at least the film tried to exert war, the social attitude of war, and the roots of violence in society. "Rambo", on the other hand, has very few virtues, except that the sequences of action are well done to the one who likes it. This is essentially a kind of jingoistic revenge for the Americans who are still painful after the Vietnam War. Rambo fights with one hand and this time the better side wins. Take, Charlie Cong! <br /> <br /> There is no doubt here that film admirers (and probably more than 2000 voters have already given ten stars) have come to the conclusion that I am a liberal comi-loving pink. Not far from it - in fact, I have always despised the communist despicable ideology. What I do not like about the film is its policy, but its inadequacy and suggestion that solving all problems, including ideological disputes, is to go to all weapons to relax and try and kill as many people as possible. It does not try to understand the political complexity of Southeast Asia or why not all Americans were in the region. Throughout his fight against communism, the film is such a moronic sledgehammer propaganda that the communists were very good at themselves, except that they attributed all the problems of the world to capitalism, imperialism or revision, or whatever they did not like. Compared to Rambo, The Green Berets was a masterful political analysis. 3/10
