In the middle of the twenty-fourth year, it seemed for the first time that the race, the first-place adventure, seemed to have failed in the US mood, right-wing Reaganism and virulent red. although the emergence of certain Mikhail Gorbachev in the heart of Moscow's "Evil Empire" makes these films soon superfluous, even if Reagan himself admitted it to the end of truism. <br /> <br /> In this sense, we will be grateful to “Gorbachi”, not to his disarmament agreements with the US, or to his “glasnost” policy or even his support for the restoration of democracy to Eastern European countries in the former Soviet backyard. Reducing the adventures of foolish, jingoistic, bloated Cold War. The first RAMBO movie was hardly perfect, though at least there was a somewhat literate and a good action slogan that didn't have a bad storyline. At this stage, even the most distant conviction is terribly funny, an important drawing and incident where Rambo takes America one year after the end of the conflict rescuing strangers ten years after Rambo's one-time step-by-step stereotypical Vietnamese and Russian troops, so the Americans were losing. <br /> <br /> Perhaps the reason why the movie was a huge box-office success was to let many Americans break into fantasy, they could lose a war, but still had unfinished business and ridiculous comic heroes who had a robot-like hero, who killed almost every red horizon, as much hardware as possible, filled such vividly distant ideals. <br /> <br /> It could have been fun on the SUPERMAN / SPIDERMAN level, but unfortunately all have been played straight. not to say that there is no humor in the film, unfortunately it is almost inadvertent. Although the action scenes are technically adequate, they never ever had the slightest conviction or persuasion because they were always placed in the most outstanding Context, namely our hero, Rambo, is always undamaged (aside from some sections and bruises here and there) despite being around him there are explosives, grenades, strokes, etc. <br /> <br /> In between chaos, which is a script composed of dullest clichés and banality.Stallone, who wrote the script James Cameron (a long way of exciting TERMINATOR made last year), knowingly seems to have given Rambo so little to say in plain English and it just appears with moral primers, almost as if it had found its own patois trademark understandable. Perhaps his colleague, Cameron, was thinking of the Terminator with so little interactivity! In this sense, Rambo seems to be even less than a Terminator! The rest of the cast acts make good actors, such as Charles Napier and Richard Crenna, their best when they have given a surprised dialogue, and Steven Berkoff once again convincingly grabs the roles of his other Russian KGB / Red Army. Berkoff's play is somewhat enjoyable, but not far from threatening. How could Sly survive the Berkoff electric torture to kill those Red Commie scumbags? Well, reliability is never a strong point in this movie. It is a fantasy work that is comparable to OZI WIZARD. At least WAS was meant to be a fantasy and an immortal classic that turned out to be such. It's just classic and what is Sly's climate call ..., rather hypocritical after killing all those people, right? By the way, in the same year he did ROCKY IV .......... <br /> <br /> Rating: 3 out of 10.
