A seemingly endless movie that deserves a zero rating. Prerequisite seems simple enough: Yentl, interested in learning Talmud, wants to go to school. But only boys can learn, so after his father's death he decides to hide himself as a boy. He makes and becomes close friends with Avigdor, who must be married to a beautiful woman named Hadass. The Hadass family learns about the suicide of Avigdor's brother and the wedding is called out. Now choosing Yentl, who calls himself Anschel, to marry Hadass. He does, but it's never full. Yentl / Anschel and Avigdor will go away a few days and Yentl / Anschel will open her secret. The movie ends when Avigdor returns (and marries?) To Hadass and Yentl goes to America to continue his studies, although he must continue to hide it. <br /> <br /> The plot above seems interesting for a movie longer than two hours, but there are several things that destroy it. For beginners, there is constant SINGING. (I can already hear the cry of the critics.) Yes, I know it's musical, so there should be lots of songs and dance numbers. However, the film could have been refined to be run and play without them. The songs change after a while and the dance is not as much as one would expect. Many songs are forgotten, without real memorable songs, and those with no importance would be easily replaced by a voice. The rest is just one song, "Papa you hear me". It is obvious that most of the others were deliberately placed so that Streisand just had a reason to show his vocal abilities every five to ten minutes. Probably someone who sees this movie already knows what a great singer and actor is, so the songs aren't really necessary. Secondly, Streisand's makeup, which can be seen in her scenes as a man (lipstick, improved eyelashes and blush marks are all obvious), makes it difficult for the audience to believe the character of Yentli / Anschel, that he is really serious and deceive his new friends, colleagues and even Hadass that he is a man. However, we are very much asked to wait for it. There seems to be a contradiction, because his character speaks, or rather sings, how he does not believe he can pull it out, but is surprised that everyone seems to be deceiving because he wears men's clothes. This means that we expect other characters to be so naive that they will not see other differences, such as his actions, which are clear donations. The differences in the face alone cannot be added because other characters in the film suggest that some of their male relatives or friends had no beard or other facial hair. However, in the 1900s, when a woman dressed as a man, but wore as much sensation as the character of Streisand, and still struggled as a man because she wore men's clothes, it would have been considered unacceptable and provoked annoyance. He is probably forced to leave the city or even to leave the country. Therefore, Streisand does not give a "feminine" makeup to the credibility of the character and only weakens the plot. If it were applied only to make the strike more beautiful, it should have been demolished. Thirdly, if Yentl / Anschel himself shows who he really is, then we are asked to believe that other characters are not as intelligent as Streisand and only when they learn the "truth" they become a little smarter. By now it is becoming more and more evident that the entire plot has been pulled so far that it is nothing more than fuel customized for Streisand. <br /> <br /> Finally, there are those who are Streisand fans. who can't find any error with this movie, its plot or songs. For those I need to respect, I do not agree. Although he has excellent vocal and acting abilities, I am not a fan of my song game. But I have had many other functions, including musicals. There are even some songs that I like, so I'm not "hate" and haven't started it. I have written from an honest perspective of this review, from someone who has tried to watch his film - even several times - and has noted problems. Had Streisand been interested in creating a great or even incredible movie, he could have done so by not injecting his need to show and prove how talented, beautiful and intelligent he is at almost every turn. This film does nothing more than harm its abilities, makes it self-absorbing and transforms the film into a dignified color of its fans or audience.
