Michael Williams, who works for the BBC, finds an impressive Italian picture that mixes with his ongoing DIABOLICAL ART: DOCUMENTARY. But because his wife's mysterious death of her mother Emily is emotionally distracted, she goes to Spoleto, where the problematic picture is, with her and her babysitter Jill. And there is a Countess who is also psychic, and he tells him that the picture was somehow done at night when a young female Emilia was executed. Michael does not believe his story, but after that Emil has a hysterical spasm and Jill is killed ... This Italian film is naturally affected by almost everything by EXORCIST, but it is much cheaper, much simpler and more meaningful, much more terrible. First of all, it should be said that this film is full of confusion. For example, the story shows Emily Emilia's reincarnation. But when Emily sees her in a setback, she only perceives her from a third party perspective. But if she is an Emilia reincarnation, she should only see the past from Emilia's point of view. The confusions that the film has a lot are almost exclusively based on the problematic fact that the film is too shy, not ambivalent to clarify its quasi-Freud theme, namely the unilateral intent of the adolescent girl. Even worse, this film also has a characteristic problem (if not a mess); Every character is too naive and helpless to be a realistic and / or credible living person. In Emily (or Emilia) she is just a child and it can be said that she is hard to blame mainly for her naivety and helplessness. (And according to Freud's theory, every girl wants her father's child (s) to be in their own way. In this sense, Emily is not only pathological, but her way of excluding other father's love is problematic. too shy to be Freud.) The problem is that adult characters are both children and naive and helpless as Emily is. And because of its inherent weakness, even a psychologist who can see almost everything, by the way of the land and because of the same weakness, ends the film in a badly evocative way. In addition, the special effects of this film are incredibly cheap and ridiculous. Although Stelvio Cipriani's music is remarkably beautiful (although it is so good that it is worth it alone), the film as a whole is nothing but a cheap B-film that can disappoint even the 1970s-Italy-horror-film lovers.
