MTV-style film crew consisting of American television producer Zack Zardine (Matt Borlenghi), his camera worker, Australian Cecily (Kate Fisher) and two surfer "dudes" named Bog Hall (Dax Miller) and Jeremy (Joel West) A nice looking island somewhere, it hasn't actually appeared. The team is planning to shoot "bloodshed", which is probably the latest madness in extreme sports. Surfers throw the bait into the sea and cut themselves to attract sharks to see if they can eat them without eating. They are greeted by Sonny Lofranco (Cris Vertido) and his wife Melba (Susan Africa). Finding their perfect location leads them to the Lilo-Cay shark-infected waters. Sonny, Melba and their daughter Lemmya (Maureen Larrazabal) take them to their boat. Soon after arriving and recording some "bleeding", Sonny, Melba and Lemmya are all killed by a 30-foot saltwater crocodile, some say "owning" the island. The boat has sunk. Zack, Cecily, Bog, and Jeremy are stuck on the island until the time of the arrival of the rescue party. But after some people get caught, I really don't know what they are. Pirates? Drug Smugglers? Revolutionary? Fat ugly people who just don't like to be with other people? Who knows? And more importantly, who cares? Not sure about me. Anyway, after escaping from the boys who look like pirates, they pull off next to Captain John Dirks (Duncan Regehr) and his girlfriend Arty (Taryn Reif like Tara Reif) off the island. The film team believes they have been saved. They know little that the crocodile and Captain Dirks are going back and have a score to settle down and four movie team members are not going to stop him. Captain Dirks goes back to Lilo-Cay to get the final showdown with a huge crocodile meal. <br /> <br /> Director James D.R. Hickox is one of those terrible movies, but it's still not as bad as Tobe Hoopers Crocod (2000). All this movie sucks. The manuscript by Sam Bernard and Robert L. Levy is terrible, extremely slow, as the crocodile is not even visible or mentioned before the 30-minute mark, and by that time I was seriously bored and annoyed by the unpleasant signs that Bernard and Berlin understand. Disc. The whole movie is also predictably predictable; in the first 10 minutes, anyone who knows the horror stories and stock signs of horror films can guess who dies and who will survive. The crocodile effects are terrible and recurring over and over again, there is a small doll head that obviously has hands inside it that control its movement when water splashes become tremendous! Crocodile CGI shots are just embarrassing. There is no gore besides, if the mark is bitten in half, which is achieved by CGI to remove the participants' feet digitally, again it seems terrible. There's also a short scene when someone is trapped in a wooden stud. There is a reasonable amount of nudity and sex, and female actors are nice and simple to the eye. The film also has basic consistency and logical errors in one order. Cecily filming Bog and Jeremy's "bloodshed", but it would be physically impossible to get the same footage for both sharks and surfers at a distance and distance. and is it definitely the point of his shooting? When Dirks succeeds in changing the crocodile on the harpoon, the angle of the wire changes significantly between the frames, at one end it seems that the angle of the line appears in the sky. has come down from the surface of the water when the harpoon is actually attached to the back of the boat and the line must be almost equal to the surface. Could I go on like the crocodile jumps out of the cliff if it's as smart as this movie is trying to do? But I'd probably cross the 1000-word limit if I read everything that was wrong with this movie, so I don't want to. I hated this movie, but it's still not as bad as Tobe Hoopers' effort on a giant crocodile. Be sure to avoid one.
