Well, after three times, I have no idea what the film is, because frankly, he could not create any real interest or concern. But here it goes: too old to make Teen Servants dressed in fearsome fashion of the 1980s (did we see that too?) Decide that it would be a good idea to go on a motorboat and visit abandoned Alcatraz after one of them is nightmares , who are killed in a variety of terrifying ways, how POLTERGEIST, EVIL DEAD and Freddy Kreuger fail. Twilight even sees itself roasted under open fire with some deformed fry slicing the tenderloin strips. The good thing, it was just a dream or it could have hurt, and it was good that his dreams had a decent budget for special effects. Mine is usually pretty flat: Girls, spaceship models, stuffing with basook etc. <br /> <br /> On the island of Alcatraz, they are always in Slasher's film and meet Tony Basil, who can't help but sometimes break a couple of dance positions and have their own lighting team (with a smoky machine that is the 1980s smoky fog-like look of infusion light, what i miss). And it reminded me that Mrs Basil helped choreographer David Byrne talk about his videos and performances. Of course, this doesn't have to do with the film at all, but remembered when the movie was really very little thought. It's sort of happened and you can watch or keep your page on the side of the TV working. But because the movie is not really interesting, you decide to finish one last thing instead of wasting, the movie ends and you find yourself wondering what each time you understand the end of the last credit re-roll, <br /> <br /> * Some * The 1980s Teen Horror films can remain in such specialized views: Umberto Lenzi GHOSTHOUSE, CHOPPING MALL & this Killbots, heavy CREEPS at night and up - the top SLEEPAWAY CAMP is all remembered. These are films that, like them or not, require your attention and usually pay off some good Gore or T&A, and your work prints evidence that you watch the TV instead of the keyboard. I'm sure HELL ISLAND (like the British version on which I am in the capital) really has good things, but frankly I don't care. And nothing is more tedious that any genre of art that does not inspire admiration, some kind of reluctance or even good old honest hatred against it. The content of the film is an 80-minute passage and never more than sometimes distraction, despite my efforts to give him the opportunity, but not the dice. <br /> <br /> There is some booming product development, sometimes the use of lighting is striking, and occasionally the mine outbreak keeps the fans of the 1980s Teen Horror interested. The rest of you, however, are warned: WISH AS RECOMMENDED AS A RECOMMENDATION AS A YEAR 1987, and the answer is probably more terrible than anything on the screen. Try to look at it as a free rental, if it is possible that if you are not disappointed then it is not a damn thing: such films take up valuable shelving, which is often the case today with goods that end with the world and all ...
