Witchcraft / Witchcraft / La Casa 4 / and whatever you call it. How would ..Chud. <br /> <br /> In the Massachusetts resort, people gather with evil magical magic powers to kill every single cruel, tortuous method. Photographer Gary (David Hasselhoff) takes a picture of Linda (Catherine Hickland, whose voice and behavior resembles the Winnie Poo comic strip EE-YOR), a virgin studying witchcraft at the resort without permission. Rose Brooks (Annie Ross, depicting an incredibly rude mother) is interested in buying a resort and with her husband Freddie (Robert Champagne, who is always much younger than other women), pregnant daughter Jane (Linda Blair) and grandson Tommy (Michael Manchester, who just Looks boring, who apparently wants to watch Sesame Street in the mainstream of this garbage), go by boat to the resort, overlooked by real estate agent Tony Giordano's son, Jerry (Rick Farnsworth). Obviously, the son is in a shop who gets his feet wet. Along with these people, architect Leslie (Leslie Cumming, whose character is nympho), can help redesign Rose. The ship's captain is killed with a black lady (Hildegard Knef, who carries her make-up and lipstick is particularly thick) and rushes to the storm. The boat itself drives out (.. guided by the invisible power of Lady in Black), where everyone is stuck in a resort that desperately needs repairs. Most of the victims, before meeting their terrible destiny, are carried out through a type of red wormhole whose vortex leads to another measurement (.. perhaps hell or something) where they are tormented by the joy of dressed clothing. . One victim has been sown before being hung up in a chimney, roasted as other lights illuminate. One of the poor souls is tortured by the harsh twists that are surrounded by his flesh tightly before they find that they are hanging through a swordfish that penetrates through his neck. One companion slowly suffocates when his veins burn (.. and bleed) and the blood vessels in the neck break Hasselhoff's face! One colleague is perpendicular to the nails that are hidden hands before hanging up over an open flame. Her hair, which is the voice of another woman, falls victim to Blair's pregnant woman. It has been raped by a demonic man with a "sick" mouth when a hobby hobby is thrillingly happy. The film is, for the most part, a dull feed for those who really want to see the lowest point in the Hasselhoff and Blair quarries that deserve it. From time to time it is intolerable by building little-to-no-stops. Consistent execution of deaths and ridiculous deaths. Of course, some gore is okay, but most of the movie shows the victims after they are through the ring. We get the chance to see pregnant women (.. who look like stuntmen in costumes with bad wigs), jumping out of the three-storey windows. Oh, and the reflected face of Lady in Black often appears in live objects that touch unseen characters. Tommy has a small Sesame Street recorder, which is likely to be used later by The Lady in Black's mumbo jumbo songs. For some reason, Lady in Black wants to visit a little Tommy. She is not afraid of her because Tommy is just too boring to show her expression in any form, much less fear. Can I say more? This is a real stink. Ugh.
