Its floating around has many different versions, so make sure you can find one of the unrated copies, otherwise it may lack some nervousness and one nudity scene. Some versions also leave most of the opening order and other bits here and there. The section I saw is the title WITCHCRAFT: EVIL ENCOUNTERS on the screen and released by the Shriek Show, which retains the original US release title to release the WITCHERY DVD. This is a nice-looking print that looks like a full frame but has some trimming / aspect problems. In Italy, it appeared in LA CASA 4 (WITCHCRAFT). The first two LA CASA editions were actually the first two films of EVIL DEAD (back), and the third LA CASA was the second film by the same production company (Filmirage), known here in America as GHOSTHOUSE. For even more confusing issues, WITCHERY was published elsewhere than GHOSTHOUSE 2. Except in Germany, where GHOSTHOUSE 2 is actually OGRE: DEMONS 3. OK, I'm better off just now. I'm starting to confuse myself. <br /> <br /> Regardless of the title, it is a very hit or longing for horror. Some of it is good, some are not. I was actually in the first half of this movie or so, but in the end it became a pointless confusion. The large, free hotel, located on the island, about 50 miles from Boston, is a diverse group of people who come out of a German-speaking witch (Hildegard Knef). Photographer Gary (David Hasselhoff), who wants to capture "witchcraft" and her virgin writer girlfriend (Leslie Cumming), who is studying witchcraft, captures the hotel without permission. In the future, real estate agent Jerry (Rick Farnsworth) will show real estate prospective buyers Rose (Annie Ross) and Freddie (Robert Champagne) Brooks. Labeling is also their children; pregnant grown-up daughter Jane (Linda Blair) and a very young son Tommy (Michael Manchester), as well as an oversized architect Linda Sullivan (Catherine Hickland - Hasselhoff's wife at that time). When everything is inside, their boat rider (hangs) is killed and the boat disappears, so they find themselves trapped and basically in the "Lady in Black" grace. <br /> <br /> What do you expect to find here? Much unpleasant! One of the characters is sewn on his lips and then hanged upside down in the fireplace and inadvertently slowly roasted the rest cast. There's also a crucifixion, the sorcerers who eat the dead baby, the head of the swordfish, the fire, possession, Sesame street picture, the virgin rape by some demons, the veins of the boys swell and explode thanks to the voodoo doll. and some other things. From a technical point of view, this is a nice looking film with pretty good cinematography, a decent score and good gore effects. The hotel / island is also nice. Blair (especially at the end) and Ross both seem like they are fun and Knef is big as an evil witch. Although people want to ridicule Hasselhoff today, they are not bad in their role as well. <br /> <br /> Below, despite the film, the film seems somewhat dull and monotonous in about one hour. Supernatural subjects are also confused and confused. When the characters were wiped out to torture and kill the witches, the filmmakers inadvertently decided that screaming actors would be placed on some stupid, red spiral vortex effect that looks extremely cheesy. And the witch itself is free and cheaply designed with unfinished lumber. And while most of the cast is at least decent, there are some appearances (especially the "actor" who plays Hasselhoff's girlfriend and boyfriend) so bad that they are constantly distracting.
