We set aside political correctness and look at it only in terms of the numerous sex comedies that appeared in the 1980s, because I don't think it is better or worse than others. If your religious cake or surprising woman does not seem to see such a foolish film like this without all of the content being worked out and I personally felt completely harmless about it before and after. The story is in Albuquerque, New Mexico, where a rich 15-year-old boy named Phillip "Philly" Fillmore (Eric Brown) is naturally horny as hell and starts to spy on an attractive girl who has just started working for her father. <br /> <br /> ***** SPOILER ALERT ***** Nicole Mallow (Sylvia Kristel) is Philly friendly but things warm up when her father goes out of town and starts flirting with her to the point where she calls her to look in her bedroom to dress her up. Philly is uncomfortable and does not know how to react first, but soon goes to it and has sex, but his fear seems to be that Nicole is a dead heart attack! With the help of Lilla Lewis (Howard Hesseman), they seemed to have buried their bodies, but the writer's letter shows and Philly must get her father safely $ 10,000. Philly is shocked when Nicole appears and she learns that the whole thing was an extortion plan that Lester has created and that she went with it because she is an illegal alien and if she didn't do what she was told, Lester would have called the immigration office. Together, they try to get their father's money back before he returns home, and they use the help of Jack (Ed Begley Jr.), a tennis teacher, but pretending to be a policeman who scares Lester. <br /> <br /> A little comedy was made for less than $ 3 million, but it rose to over $ 50 million worldwide and made it one of the least likely films of that time to be so successful as to make me think why it was hit and none other. genre. Director Alan Myerson can boast that he did hit the film, but the truth is that he never had a career in film, although he was very successful on television. So ... why was it so successful? I have the idea that it might just be because of Kristel and before you decide that I've been listening crazy, I mean. Kristel was an international star because of her soft basic films, so that the reason for many free-thinking adults was curiously looking at her in an American film that had a wide-ranging release. By doing so, the same adults would also be nostalgic for their youth and fantasy, so that an attractive older woman would teach ways of love that would bring many younger audience members who are probably still very inexperienced and curious. Anyway, this is my idea and if anyone has another reason I would like to hear it, but back to the movie itself, it is obvious (and very sad) that such a movie cannot be religious and other rude freaks who just can't understand that teenage boys who put in do no harm to him. In fact, it is a valuable service that all boys pray with them! The film itself is clumsy and the body of Kristel doubles in certain scenes, especially when you carefully consider the difference in your nipples. The story (though intriguing in its basic form) is not very funny or revealing, so they left nude scenes that are actually the norm for the genre.
