Well, it turned out as I expected: visual overload, but nothing else was added to the original. But what was surprising to me was that the story has changed quite drastically compared to the 1968 flick. Initially, it awoke my interest, but what finally surprised me was that the new revolutions (a) were probably invented to give us a typical Hollywood-like product and (b) made the whole creature unlikely! The story of 1968 was breathtakingly understood and did not contain any temporal storm nor any counterfeit: he simply noted that if you arrived home after a long journey, things would have changed a little. For example, the earth may have fallen into the hands of monkeys. Like many "old" movies, its main ingredient ratio (hell, does anyone understand this word these days?). This Burton movie has tried to turn the whole thing into an action movie, but at what price? Certainly, the pictures are huge and a lot of time and money is spent on designing the whole monkey culture (even ape music!), But what's wrong? <br /> <br /> The first stop of disbelief is very difficult because monkeys have many Hollywood human qualities. I refer in particular to Ari and the slave trader. These features include emotional skills such as irony, sarcasm, and an open-minded array of "fine" emotions. It makes you forget that monkeys are monkeys that are essential. Second, people TALK. Of course, we can imagine that people will never forget how to speak, but the fact that the monkeys had a speech and people did not make the change of monkey / human role very tangible and emphatic in the 1968 version. The stomach wound that Charlton Heston gets is essential for his survival and his later independent independence, which is his uniqueness and Dr. To explain things) Third, the fact that they talk about ads very unlikely, but is the necessary twisting of a new movie, as Captain Davidson must play Hollywood. Let's-save-the-whole-world-and-is-a-head-for-and-still-to-the-lounge-bar-for-a-cool-diet-coke character. Oh, God, will they never learn? I started it from the start when there was only one guy who disappeared! They needed a hero! And then the script writers are going to discuss: we need one man ... so why one man get lost ... because he's trying to save the monkey from electromagnetic storm ... incredible! But it is necessary because it shows the audience it respects! Because at these modern and politically correct times, we are not able to get rid of the xenophobic monkey, like Charlton Heston's 68 characters, then give them a bubble! <br /> <br /> Fourth, okay, a general twist to the modern version of the 1968 film "Truth Discovery" (he finds his own mother ship fell back on the planet and their laboratories were developing their society where Heston just discovered that , somehow, the monkeys crossed the land when it was gone) is nicely done. Second, the battleground is anti-climax. The reason for this is that this film has included the first two films of the planet "Apeside" in one plot. Nice to try, but nice what you feel when Davidson and you find that he's been lost on the planet forever, just wash out because of an uninteresting battle. <br /> <br /> Fifth: End !!! For Krissakes who found it? (a) Davidson runs twice with his escape button, which seems to be an uncontrollable object, while the chimp can just land from the ground? Come on, who would believe it? If the pods were really a small space industry (Davidson just flies into space) and not just escape ships, he could have landed at least once, no? And how does it end ???? I mean, it was clear in the original film that everything was happening on earth. But here: The whole movie is going far from the planet and maybe the same (there is Thade shape) monkey culture on earth? How? How far did the monkeys of the planet change technically, storm the time, and colonize the land before the Davidson mission began? Why Thade Worship? Stupid stupid silly. <br /> <br /> Helena Bonham Carter is even divine and beautiful as a monkey, but I didn't wait any less. I preferred my ape above Estella Warren as a man, but maybe I got rid of the wire with my head. Nevertheless, the only convincing monkeys were Tim Roth as Thade (wonderful!) And Ari's home monkey (former general, but I forgot my name). <br /> <br /> Nonono, many things could and should be added to the 1968 picture, but not to the plot, at least in this way. It was simple and clear and did not need any further explanation. It was nicely cheeky and caricatured. Don't Stylize Everything ...
