This movie played in the 1930s a completely forgotten star, Jack Pearl ("Baron Munchausen") and Jimmy Durant. But 7-1 / 2 decades later it will be settled in three Stooges films as they are the only ones the average person knows today. Film fanatics also recognize the great Edna May Oliver and Zazu Pitt. <br /> <br /> Stooges is a movie that starts there very early - before MGM had a clue what to do with the team. At this point they were known as "Ted Healy and His Stooges" as Healy was in front of a man. Fortunately, they left for Stooges that they soon left this disgusting and rather unattractive man (read him - you see what I mean) and the rest is history. During the year, they made very successful short pants for Columbia and MGM leaders quickly began to lose their team. Such a thing was in MGM, a large studio, an ordinary event that had no idea what to do with comedy (such as Buster Keaton, Laurel and Hardy, Abbott and Costello and others). In fact, until the departure of Columbia, MGM put these various strange film tasks - including Clark Gable and Joan Crawford in DANCING LADY. And, strangely enough, the team didn't work in this movie - they just did different supportive roles, such as Larry, who played the piano! <br /> <br /> This particular film starts with Pear and Durante, which are lost in the African jungle. When they are rescued and brought home, any film of the film breaks down, and the film changes almost the same way as the event that is held here by the leaders there. As for Pearl, I really saw why he never made a successful transition to movies because he had a hungry person (but a little less welcome). As for Durante, I never knew what the public saw him - as far as his films were - he was loud and ... loud! He probably took time to help MGM destroy Buster Keaton's career in making this movie. Pearl and Durante rely on a lot of verbal humor (?) And Vaudeville-style routines that tend to fall quite flat. <br /> <br /> In this movie, Stooges didn't have the right chemistry yet. Seeing Healy do the work Moe made in her later films is strange. The factors in the movie were pretty good, but since all the segments were short, they came on and off too fast to allow them to really get into their routines. Stooges fans may be very disappointed in this respect, though evil fans may see it so that they can achieve their lifelong goal of seeing everything in Stoog - even rotten Joe DeRita and Joe Besser movies (oh, and were they bad after Shemp and Curly Death). <br /> <br /> In general, the film is quite boring and disappointing. But there are a couple of interesting things to look for. With a 13-minute mark you will see a short scene with a guide on the bus. Look carefully, because this is Walter Brennan's role, which you certainly don't expect! Another unusual thing to look for in a movie is the "Clean as a Whistle" song that starts with about 22 minutes of film. This song and dance number is clearly an example of a so-called pre-code scene that would never have been allowed in films after 1934 (as a strengthening of the production code). Despite the word "Clean" in the title, this is a very titrant number, where naked women show a lot of meat - enough to stimulate, but not enough to really show anything! It is shocking to see it today, although such excesses were quite common in the early 1930s. Finally, at the 63-minute mark, look at Jimmy Durante's competition for a few decades. Look at the movie, you see, I mean!
