Loony Tunes has risked at least twice in the future. For the first time, it was a wonderfully funny "Duck Dodgers". The last time was that? um? effort. "Loonatics Unleashed" is not without a decoration and can be considered a good product if it is not in the quality of Warner Brothers. WB cartoons are celebrated with embarrassing humor that at least attract adults as much as children. Conversely, these pedestrian superhero episodes can't convince adults to hand over them. The prerequisite for this series is that 6 ordinary people (2 bunnies, Tasmanian devil, duck, a roadrunner, and coyote) live on the "urban planet" of Acmetropolis and acquire superpowers when the meteor hits the planet in 2772. . Cute but scary fool. <br /> <br /> Does Super Episode Have Any Episode? am easy to entertain, but essentially banal catching? Fight against various super villains. Most of the types that appear in every mediocre superhero adventure and even some of the better ones. Like many mediocre superheroes, this cable takes too much for the context too seriously. And of course these guys are the only ones who are laughing? the usual evil laugh of course. Why is it that the villains of predictable superhero adventures are always there? ALWAYS ?? to laugh evil after every opportunity? Such animated material leaves laughter exclusively in the villains and (occasionally) in their henchpeople and / or henchtings province. <br /> <br /> In fact, the players in this series immediately got their best bets on get-go. Major states of characters are sometimes based on their previous normal abilities, but sometimes not. The problem is that we don't see enough WB looniness. Lexia and Ace have relatively common biologically generated weapons and have virtually no personality traits that could be described as "bugs similar". What we have here is basically silly and tricky "Teen Titans", including its "modern" animation "look" but with animals. Feh. <br /> <br /> Other creators of the program are (or are) villains. As mentioned earlier, they are not terribly imaginative and do not laugh too much. Amazingly, the writers were quite obvious about the technique of making roses from WB characters and protagonists. Adding a joke could have been, for example, Jupiter Sam ?? and also Fudd, who is still hunting rabbits? as well as Tech E. Coyote around a truly neurotic cable? and so on. Ah, the lost chances of sadness ?. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, this whole production has gone too much overtime (ie in season 2). However, we can rejoice that there is something new for a 14-member crowd. The rest of us can count on Duck Dodger's third season.
