If you plan to take care of a child, make sure they don't live near the graveyard. Especially when it is said that the child has custom pictures and disappears during the tomb at night to see his friends. But our long-haired hero who is unaware of all the signs hides his family Norton, which includes a rigorous father and older brother who becomes a loving interest for our parents' sitter. Even more horrible than the zombie gang outside is the tendency to speak even when their lips are not moving, and that words do not match their mouth movements. But it is enough .. domestic animals are sacrificed, old women have eyeballs pulled out and the orchestra does not stop any scene, even quiet. Oh, and the editor has a day when movies are dragging. <br /> <br /> In fact, it would have been better for everyone involved to take a breath, smell what they registered and disappeared from AWOL. Yes, I know it's hard to get to these movies these days, but this is not the starting point for your CV. If it were like a trainee farm worker with a belief in chicken molestation. What is one of the worst premiere ever played by Laurel Barnett, and the second is almost equally bad by charism-free child artist Rosalie Cole (next Dakota Fanning, she's not) filming and continuing, but not just cushioning we get that is the culmination. <br /> <br /> It includes five or six Undead members in our extremely useless hero in the shelter, while his little rough hits these ghosts with a wooden board, a single shell gun, and whatever he can put on his hands. But in the past, they were in the car, and they discovered by chance that these creatures found the horn to be as repulsive as to interfere with its sound. So they stay where they are safe? Of course not, they run alongside this abandoned building somewhere in the middle, so the flap can prove what his girl is like, as he is a nervous breakdown. <br /> <br /> Finally, the movie closes. It doesn't stop, it just stops grinding. The main character rides back with his car covered with fake blood, as if it were terrible. But my dear viewer has done something terrible. You've just sat through one of the most flat, boring horror movies you probably see, and lost 82 minutes of your life you never get. Just think ... years after your pairing, which you trade for an hour and 22 minutes to spend a little longer with your family. Unfortunately, it's too late for me. Don't make the same mistake :( 2/10
