A little girl lives with her father and brother in the middle. This little girl, Rosalie, has some psychotic tendencies, as the movie opens with her feeding kittens to a cemetery creature and she has recently lost her mother, who was gone crazy but lived in the woods all night. The film presupposes a new young lady who comes to Rosalie to take care of her. While driving, he introduces the evil of the forests and imagine the tension here, a huge blue barrel that falls over the rock to somehow stop his car dead. From there, he walks to the nearest house and discovers Mrs Whitfield, who then goes on a lot of explanations about Rosalie and her family. The credibility of Mrs Whitfield's character must be seen as believable. The young man will meet with the child and we will soon find out that not only his strange, but also all the film's are very strange. They all share a common thing none of them ever heard of school. None of these people can act - as the few vehicles that none of them appeared in the film before or after - and they all look like they have little understanding of what's going on, a break to remember lines, and they all have a paper bag. The director slowly slides through the material with this dreadful piano music that is here and there in things that assume scary. It takes us a little before it reaches some of the murders by friends, but by then I don't care. Also, the murders are not convincing and the truth is that the whole movie looks like someone through its friend's house with the people and things there. It all says that there are some horrible aspects to the end, even though we don't teach one thing why Rosalie is, or even more important, a creature with cheap masks. Cheap does not begin to describe the budget here. Basically it's a few old farms, some shelters and of course forests. Someone gave the director a few old cars. No special effects and only the smallest makeup. There are so many guffawe / ridiculous moments in the list, but I just read a few here, which at least made me confused by the lack of creative abilities: 1) Watch the gardener's body after he has been "killed". Len comes in and sees him polished and sees his fat belly with life. 2) The deadly scene at the end, where the actor playing Rosalie is killed. He looks like he listens to the directions and takes his sweet time to death, considering this method. 3) How would a man play Roaslie's father, giving us a frantic poor man, Andy Griffith. The scene in which he laughed, the boy sick dying, was a strange hoot. A child is indeed a very bad film and it is very bad even for the standards of 70's if you want. It's not a B-film, but rather a Z-film producer, Harry Novak, which makes almost no money.
