It was one of those films that got into practice in the waves of radio in the early 1970s, usually on the "4th film" or once, at 19:30 "Channel 6 Big Movie" and another Creature Double Feature. .WHen's local channels used the movies as part of their local programming (mostly they went to e-commerce today). A couple of small rented apartments in Abbott and Costello wannabees (Frankie Ray and Robert Ball) are in a group of soldiers (half a dozen military surges) who are sent out on the field with maneuvers to explore some strange radiation and stop meeting extraterrestrials. They will first go to Bronson Canyon, which would later belong to Batman's BATMAN and meet a dead "carrot monster". Later, in the caves they live with a living carrot creature - basically a boy in a black suit and a paper bush with bright things and ping-pong eyes. Two of them - full geeks, Ray and Ball - are captured and awakened to the tables, and they are being explored in space by Amazon-Poona (Nooo Fun!) And Professor Tanga, who are stunningly beautiful and even in their hostile bikini "uniform". By that time we were too young to understand what later serfdom and fetish scenarios would be more desirable for this "exams" scene. It turns out that two gals and their carrot monster are on earth with ships that are well hidden and trying to return to their world. <br /> <br /> The film was made for a different comedy, but remember that it was a time when Eric Von Zipper and his team of Frankie and Annette films were B-height, drive-in comedy. <br /> <br /> For some reason I thought I could imagine seeing this movie. No, I really saw it. And when it appeared on a "restored" DVD, I was confident in my memory. Comedy is just a little funny, just foolish, but whatever. The budget is non-existent, which is a little idea if you think it is even done and we can talk about a "restored" version here and over 40 years later. The profit is for girls who want to learn about "love" and "kissing", and this result is the geeks we all got girls and love wins. It's just silly and silly, and the locations have nostalgic meaning.
