Apparently, Shakespeare is equal to a high eyebrow, which in turn equals a number of people who don't see anything about what it really is. At one point in the film, someone (I believe Pacino producer) warns that the film goes on to say that once the masses think of Shakespeare through the RICHARD III vehicle. Instead, he decides to take pictures of the split game with random comments sprinkled all the time. Some scenes seemed to be involved in the home cinema under Al (was there really a reason to visit Shakespeare's birthplace quickly, except to laugh at something unexpectedly happening there?), And before the film really even started, it is treated to see Al Prance around and act as a camera for the cute and funny. I thought his foolish act with Kay GODFATHER III ended with a knife in his throat was AKT - but apparently this is how Al actually behaves personally. <br /> <br /> Enough rambling. Here's a shotgun that reminds me of why I didn't even do it 3/4 of it: 1) pretentious - Al knows whenever the camera is with him, acts as Richard or with a real conversation with someone - you can see it in your eye corner as well as change some of the actors around the test plan are tethered and waxed to the extreme. If anyone who reads it has ever spent time with a group of participants and has seen this kind of outside, it is unbearable. "Look at me, cheering all the landscapes!" 2) Winona Ryder. When she appears under Lady Anne's name, this film collides, which she never recovers. He has nothing to add to the discussion of scenes, but the camera leaves himself to bring the kiddoid. His presentation is terrible to launch. 3) The only thing you really learn about it is very much told by the scientists trying to exclude from the picture. Of course, you will learn that Pacino shouldn't run the movies (or make Richard first). I'd rather look at BOBBY DEERFIELD than that. <br /> <br /> Finally read the game and learn it yourself. Go out and see it. In 1997, I saw a performance at the University of Ethnic Culture in Washington University and saw what we see in this movie, like high school drama (except for Clarence's free curl! My God! Was it necessary ?!) <That's just a bunch of sounds and the rage that marks the Nada.
