Wha-Bam! No one was sure to have fun with sour cream peeled from sour cream and then scripted this crazy excuse for the movie! Writer Howard Cohen expands Sword & Sorcery with some additional Ss like Sex, Silliness, (Sex) and Sheer Stupidity! It's not just a movie, it's the dreams and fantasies of every minor pervert! "Deathstalker" is all: blood, violence, trolls, women's mud-wrestling, rape attempt, successful rape, life-sized pigs (!), Horrible hairstyles, gently oiled muscle organs, multi-sexual orgy, gay warriors, tournaments- deaths, charming sorcerers, rupture, ridiculous crooks and boobs, boobs, BOOOOOOOOOBIES !! The "Deathstalker" literally sweeps through the obvious role model "Conan: Barbarian" when it comes to a fun and airy way of thinking. The story is obviously insignificant. Single and gay (only he doesn't know yet) Deathstalker, the warrior, goes on a mission commanded by an annoying witch to collect three infamous elements? or something like that. On his travels, he combines force with a troll-turned man, a fighter who is even as amazing as him, and the last, but no less important - a lush lady who does not seem to be a big bra concept support. Together they ultimately lead the evil kingdom of Munkar, where they participate in a warrior tournament and conquer at least two of the three elements. The laborer is a bald guy who carries his skull and tattooed side of the cobweb, and an impressive harem that even makes the rich oil of the Sheik jealous. Okay, given, "Deathstalker" is a pretty fucking terrible and sometimes even irreducible movie. The fighting sequences are sheep and costumes and makeup effects are totally merciful. For a moment, when I saw the opening order, I was really afraid to look at "Troll; Prequel." Monsters see incredibly odor and full opposite as threatening, but it is an undeniable entertainment if you are a senseless mood. I assume that this is not a favorite among feminists, because the overall portrayal of women is somewhat discriminatory. Most galids are only eye candies at harem. They are allowed to climb over the floor naked and play mud, but strictly forbidden to open the mouth. Two "leading" women (Barbi Benton and Lana Clarkson) are delightful, but - to be honest - they would not be worth mentioning if they were not constantly on their shelves.
