Syria swept the critics on release and everything seemed to be looting. I think this is one of those films that are intensely intelligent ... so smart that I think you need to be well versed in the oil industry and politically brilliant mind. I do not consider myself unpleasant, I have learned politics because my early teenager and I enjoy an intelligent film, but mostly when it is not a documentary that is primarily meant for entertainment and messaging. Syriana tried to be strictly intelligent and it turns some people away. I would even like to go so far as to say that those who scare it and ask for it to be, are wrong because they think they look better. This movie was the most cumbersome, pointless, pointless drift I've ever seen ... Especially considering the critical acclaim, the Oscar notes and the cast. Scriptwriter Stephen Gaghan is disappointed again. This movie was preceded by his terribly written Havoc and I think he just tries too hard. I can't believe he was offered the opportunity to write a Da Vinci code scenario. In addition, Gaghan directed the film, which made it an absolute confusion. I had no idea who someone was, why things happened, who was who and what was. It was a disaster. <br /> <br /> Since I really don't know anyone, I can only mention the actors and what I thought of my performances, because despite the scary complex script, the actors did well. George Clooney plays C.I.A. in the field of agent and assassin i think? Bob Barnes. Clooney has never been my favorite, but recently he managed to bring out some good performances and it seemed pretty good. Barnes was a complicated character with a bad history and if I knew what was going on with him, I would have really enjoyed his character. Matt Damon plays Bryan Woodman and he is quite bored and always looks like deer in headlamps, which I can understand after reading this script and then try to do it. Amanda Peet plays her wife and she does well on a couple of scenes. Christopher Plummer carries a sense of responsibility as someone who does something. I like Plummer and love seeing her show even when she doesn't get top bills anymore. <br /> <br /> Cast is intense when only the story makes sense. I would like to quote exactly the description of the plot in IMDb. "In Iran, the missile is disappearing, but the CIA has other problems: the emitter inherits an oil contract with China, cutting out a US company that burns its immigrant workers quickly and connects a small company that has issued a Kazakh oil treaty. CIA wants to die. CIA wants to die. CIA wants to die. CIA wants to die, CIA wants to die. movie, but it missed me tears and no matter how hard I tried to stay, I finally and one and a half hour after that, and you could not get me enough to finish it. all, check it out but promise to be entertaining or pleasant fi lm lives in the first half hour
