I was looking for a Hollywood video last night with a friend who was trying to find a good looking horror movie to watch the New Year's weekend. When I looked through the shelves, "Severed" noticed my eye and grabbed it off the shelf and seemed to be a decent B-class horror movie. Kate seemed pretty good. The plot sounds semi-interesting. So I rented it. What's wrong. Don't be fooled by what is really decent. I think more money was spent on the cover design than the film itself. The film follows two police detectives who watch the voodoo-inspired ritual seraphic "The Head Hunter" who decapitates the victims left and right in some unnamed cities (probably in Los Angeles), and they retreat from his world ritual murder. <br /> <br /> Does the story sound a little good? Well, that is, and this movie can be half-decent. But good God, it was bad! Almost all of this was ridiculous. In the scene, there are some redhead actors in the car trying to talk about this huge outdated mobile phone and for whatever reason it goes out and talks to some guy. Then the shadow rises behind them, heads down and the girl falls to the ground and starts to crawl (for absolutely some reason) when you try to call 911. Sound ridiculous? Yes, bet it is. The whole movie looks like it was filmed on a VHS-quality camera and I assume it was. Operation was mostly terrible and the special effects were far from believable. And the police scenes with the police were terrible - the voice of the second line was echoing and it sounded like someone's bathroom. Everything about this movie was just amateurish and tedious, and it wasn't very long for me, and I found myself often bored and tired, mostly because of bad behavior and terrible cinematography. Stimulation was bad. Everything was just bad. <br /> <br /> In general, "Severed" is a failed attempt that could have been a decent B movie. The plot was good and I think if this film was better processed and had a bigger budget, it could have been fine. But this movie fell on the face. If you expect something half-decent, you are very disappointed. Recommended only if you can withstand D-Class horror. Otherwise, you probably want to stay away from such direct-video garbage. It had little potential, but it was beyond confusion. 1/10.
