I must admit that this "transformation" of the 1968 film was a great disappointment. Especially when it comes to Tim Burton's movie. He is unevenly one of the most original and perhaps I say yachts are Hollywood directors. of monkeys. I really enjoyed the original text. When it first came out, people were waiting for another cheezie 70 science fiction film, but the surprise and proof proved completely wrong. It was indeed a clear message. An obvious anti-war message. Fear of the Cold War, where he took the world and the fear of using nuclear weapons, played a major role in the eyes of filmmakers. These reasons put the film above all expectations and became a classic for a moment. Although the new film, "transformation" or whatever, leaves us nothing. No messages, no ideals behind. It's just another money-based summer shock system. <br /> <br /> Tim Burton will not let you down. The blind and horrible settings were great and of course it was great. <br /> <br /> Obviously, people are not interested in the film. There must be an exciting plot or storyline. In this film, the plot is very uninteresting and it is extremely poorly thought out. The script is very flat and it is full of gaps. It seems that this movie was written at high speed. An explanation of why the monkeys are there and why the ruling planet was really stupid and proved the ignorance of the script writers. br /> <br /> For example; Why did the monkeys speak English? Why were there other monkey species on the planet than reflections (considering that there were only rains on the planet landed on the planet) Where the hell did all these people come from? How a few thousand years could have evolved into a big rise in all kinds of monkeys. (I mean, we spent a few million years on a monkey man). And finally, the bad surprise that ended was just a flat stupid. It was probably just thrown away because the original film had such an end, they felt the audience was waiting for the same type of end. Finally, there are many questions that I know you don't have intelligent answers. Did Theid learn to operate a spacecraft, which was less robust and learned to fly from time to time and take over one land? And what did he do with all the women? And let's say this happens, I doubt that history will remain the same as Washington is building exactly as it is today! (I mean, there's no huge banana instead of a monument?) <br /> <br /> Well, just say something positive about the movie. Some were great. Helen Bonham Carter's character was interesting and well-acted, like Tim Roth as Theid. He was very good, a little bit of expatriation at some point in the movie. Michael Clark Duncan was also good. I was not happy with Marc Whalberg. She is not much of an actress and plays here a very macho color with less character. Very uneven and nothing compared to the original Hestons character. And the main woman in the film had no reason or place in the film. She had just seen it. Hardly speaking the word throughout the movie. <br /> <br /> Well, I think in the future, when people think of the monkey planet, they think about the original. The latter will soon be forgotten.
