This film is another attempt by director Tim Burton to use a familiar title to bring his "vision" to the screen. He has done this for "Batman", "Sleepy Hollow" and now it. This is not a remake. The only thing that is common to the original is that it has simians who can talk (and Charleton Heston makes a headache). Burton has restored the whole story by drinking it for today's mass audience. <br /> <br /> The original monkey planet was the result of this time. During the 1960s, America tried to redefine its civilization. It was a troubled time for soul searching and re-thinking social norms. It was an era of civil rights, where groups that had been worse for a long time demanded equal treatment. In this context, POTA was allegorical, reflecting the philosophical instability that faced the audience of the day. POTA was an extremely intelligent film that highlighted complex issues and elegantly held the pressure of the American society by verifying that the white man justified his intelligence on a type he considered worse. The dialectic between Colonel Taylor (Charleton Heston), Dr Cornelius (Roddy McDowall) and Dr. Zira (Kim Hunter) was meaningful provocative and intelligent, both understandable and obvious. Today's production resulted in POTA in the sixties. This is Apes for Dummies. It is superficial and unpleasant, replacing politically correct places for smart dialogues and focusing more on form than content. The end of "surprise" is completely inconsistent and does not help the film to do anything except for a steep fisherman. When the original POTA ended up being tied together in one powerful scene, then the end of Burton just hits the audience, "I know something you don't know, and you have to wait until the sequel comes out" <br /> <br /> From a technical point of view always in the Burton movie, the movie is great. Makeup is fantastic and Burton's camera is outstanding (though I don't like her dark look). But the thirty-three-year procedure principle cannot compensate for the offensive spirit script. <br /> <br /> The story has been reduced to a monster. People band together with Captain Davidson (Mark Wahlberg) to fight monsters monkeys, assisted and assisted by some bogies (namely Helena Bonham Carter like Ari). The presentation is formal and simplified with the abundance of violence suited to today's fast food mindset. <br /> <br /> The actor is confused. Mark Wahlberg is a good actor who just fails in this role. Walberg plays great games with blind, embarrassing but strong players. This part requires an inspiring hero, a profile that is not in the Wahlberg repertoire. Helena Bonham Carter is a brilliant actor whose character is so far away from her ability that untying is ridiculous. He desperately tries to do something thin, but his interpretation is the baptism of a teenager of a college peace protector and a loving patient. Then there is Tim Roth. He is a virtuoso play that saves the movie from one-off destruction. Roth is maliciously angry than malicious General Thade. He creates one of the worst and most despicable bad guys I remember for some time. In addition, his physical behavior is overwhelming, making it a chimp-man who is so perfect that he can almost believe that this species exists. <br /> <br /> This movie is a big disappointment. This is a great entertainment when you control your brain at the door. I appreciated it 3/10. From a technical point of view, this is much better, ie 9/10. But the story is an insult to the original franchise. It is just another Burton attempt for himself using a familiar title to attract congressional people so that many people see what genius he is. Of course, this is true, but it would be nice if he used this talent to produce important films instead of using a simple-minded board for mass consumption.
