Spoiler message? even though I think it was spoiled, came out? It is hard to even imagine that a movie made with these letters at that time could be so terrible, but it is. The biggest mistake in the movie is that it just doesn't make a damn sense. <br /> <br /> Rich widow American aristocrat Penn Gaylord leaves his little daughter "responsible" and goes to World War I where he is killed. Then we continue to blink until today (1942) and complete confusion. Three sisters are in court, where they have said they spent the last twenty years, and some prick named Barclay trying to get away from their home. This is just the beginning of an endless set of unanswered questions that contain a script, more holes than the Warren report. What happened to Gaylord's fortune? If the will is worth half a billion, why has the family gone from a rich castle to the Munsters House? Who the hell is that Barclay clown? And why is he able to get away from someone's home? The questions just accumulate on more questions. <br /> <br /> Usually enjoyable and charming, George Brent plays Barclay, an inexplicably whole affair that takes over everything he wants, regardless of who belongs to it and without it; but no one other than Fiona (Barbara Stanwick) looks like this kind of cretine. Why? None of these questions has ever been answered. Instead, we follow Fiona's life from one train wreck to another, evil Barclay takes away his home, his fortune, and even his child. What's he doing? Shoot him? Put him on fire? No, it's too logical. In a completely unlikely packing, a woman who is just before romantic involvement with Barclay, except for the technicality of the marriage, rape, suddenly decides that he does not hate him, he loves him. And they will ever live happily. Quite suddenly, without any reason in the world, this early model of women's role in independence and authority in the films of this era becomes more common in helpless ankle twisting. Yes, sure, steal everything in the world that belongs to me and I love you. What on the planet does this happen? I can only guess why I have never heard of this movie before it happened to catch up with Turner that it was so lost to today's audience as it is today.
