I want more movies to be two hours. On the other hand, I want more American Civil War films to be two hours long. "By the Wind", "Gettysburg" - it's about long what I look forward to; although these two entertainments had lasted for at least several hours; and even "Gettysburg" lasted as long as it happened because the things it was doing were <br /> <br /> In contrast, Ang Lee's film is bloated and endless. It seems to take much less than two hours. It was not a compliment. It really does not differ from any other sensory deficiency: at a time when it seems to never end, it does not seem to have taken time. <br /> <br /> The film goes wrong when Lee plays his infinite credits over the original frame (a bad mistake) where we introduce some of the symbols we don't like right away and later go away. The two main ones are Jake, the son of German immigrants, who is a strong supporter of Lincoln, and Jack, an equally steadfast Southerner whose values ​​are Jake's shares. (I had to read this sentence again to make sure I didn't write "Jack" instead of "Jake" at some point, or vice versa.) Both leave to get "bushwhackers" - South militia, who after that revenge and violence, that they can't even bother to join the official southern army, which I think they are sissies. I'm afraid Lee lost me there. It is easy for those who make moral mistakes to feel that if we have an independent reason to please them, or feel that we know them in some way, their moral shortcomings can take care of them. Not so here. We have not been introduced to Jake for at least an hour; when we are, it turns out that he is a man's indifferent pimple who is not selectively a confederation or a person who says and does what everyone says and does, whose psychology is purely imitation. The people he associates are either simply or positively evil in some uninteresting way. I saw myself glad when the bottom of the cavalry screen appeared. I thought it was good - kill the rebels, stop the bullied war, let me go home. <br /> <br /> Deepening this problem is a terrible and terrible dialogue. Everyone is talking about the southern southern accent. I've heard accents all over the English-speaking world and this is the worst of all of them. I don't care if the South really spoke like this, it's just not fair to ask the audience to listen to it for two hours. And believe me, we listen to it in two hours: Lee's picture is talkative, mainly because the characters take so long to say what they think in their un-grammatical terms, saying everything-three times. This would help if they spoke faster, but not much. Don't these people find a more effective communication language? <br /> <br /> In short, the movie is a little gallery of interior characters that are uncomfortable with interior design, speaking in a maliciously ugly mode that is not often enough for swimming, something that doesn't matter, regardless of their participation in the war. Good points? Jewel was nice to watch and so landscape. But I also have complaints here. Cinematic art, nicely framed, seemed to have been mistaken for a black-and-white color film; and like Jewel, we were tempted by his body, but never promised to look at it, which I think is the least indebted.
