** SPOILERS ** It was a ugly movie, and I'm sorry I was watching it. As with Jan Kounen's Dobermann, it usually suffers from poor editing or lack of it. Just as the director would be so in love with his work that, instead of drawing the film to your attention, he created the whole picture he had gathered. There may be two cool scenes in the whole movie. One of them is * SPOILER * when Benkei is hardened and the camera starts around him. It was cool - but okay, we got it! Please, please! The camera does not stop around this disk! Maybe there are one or two cool scenes I forgot in this mediocre flood, but the last duel point is NOT one of them! It may be because, unlike the previous sword treatment scene, Shanao is not disguised - just because the director did not find a cat who somehow reminded Asano Tadanobut not to give him the right to go and make 80% of the sword fight with extreme snapshots of sword effects! And all at the same angle, I can add. The director should learn American Hunter from the Hunted 1995 Bullet-train Ninja! I personally saw the village as a tribute to the previous generation of social activists who were faced by the police in their violent demonstrations during their college years. The situation where innocence is undermined by the government's understandable and armed branch, who does not want to understand, seems to be a widespread message in Japanese media, as political minorities are heavily influenced by socialists and communists. The GTO and the mansions Kintaro film versions are two new recent examples * END SPOILER * I don't understand. I just do not understand why people who do not speak the language of the film find dignified material in it. Maybe the worst translation was lost. <br /> <br /> Ending a movie - marketing a lot is a different interpretation of the legendary meeting between Shanao and Benkei. But this legend is not the most popular in Japanese folklore, and it is so separated from contemporary themes that after 138 minutes of overall visual techniques that cares about how the director wants to reinterpret the story? Sasaki Hirohisa, director of Crazy Lips, said it was an unpleasant trend for new Japanese executives to ignore the Japanese audience and to direct their films to foreign film festivals to gain faster international fame. It works, although it doesn't make sense, because the idea of ​​an international film festival is to introduce the world to what films in other countries are made, what films people see in WATCH. Certainly not Gojoe and the like.
