Well, where do you start? I think I can start with a general complaint about how this film is marketed. Call me ignorant because I don't know the Schneebaum book before watching the documentary that has been the basis for it, and I decide I've lived under a stone, but don't blame me for choosing this movie after the title and not in the description in the box that this documentary is actually a companion of the book. Yes, I felt quite foolish after seeing this little color to see how the first time I looked at it was to become a "modern Cannibal Tale" good service. I mean, am I stupid to wait for this movie to cover most of my story about cannibalism behavior in jungle tribes? Certainly one hour and forty-five minutes did not wait for an old geezer who kissed his ass, spinning every little detail of his eternal and worn-out life. Certainly, I did not expect that casual leadership and I did not see myself laughing at Tobiah Schneebaum and all his contemptuous glory. <br /> <br /> Schneebaum is really unlikely. The old man runs and sweeps the whole movie, making the whole picture a personal story about him, although he's not even a story of an interesting sign. Really? He was a cannibal? Ninety percent of the film is focused on the dirty past of Schneebaum. The only time we actually see cannibalistic activities is when Tobias finally interrupts his tacit silence with what happened to him in Peru and say he had a "small piece". That's it, people. Ninety minutes later, Tobias Schneebaum is three centimeters in cannibal. It's like calling the movie "The Real Don Juan's Life" just to see that the only time that the film's main character did something sexual happened during college when he ever played "just running out". Unbelievable. <br /> <br /> Governance is really strange, because it doesn't tell the story that is being spoken. Okay, I understand that I didn't read the volume of Schneebaum before he looked at his celluloid story, but I can still recognize some bad pace and even worse editing. One minute Schneebaum talks about cruise ships and tourism, and how he goes on, and how he can't drive and then jumps out of some dead relative or some unsuccessful and unhappy saga in his life. I mean, Jesus, can you beat at least your back story on the first part? follow some things that cover his homosexuality and then finish this rich view of his visit to Peru? Also: I don't care about the little life and life of Schneebaum, but I at least encourage the old man to stick with his ramblings. When I hear a man who speaks about how he prefers life in the jungle, I don't expect him to suddenly bite and sad when he wants to go home twenty minutes later. Absurd. <br /> <br /> Another note about driving is the random clips from the story of small small television shows where our hero has appeared. While some find that clips are a tale of small fractures, the director has categorized the trick and crushed his entire movie into pieces, trying to try to make most of the effort to tell the story of the old reels. <br /> <br /> Here is the point that Tobias Schneebaum is a scam. Clean and simple. I know I haven't read a book, but I'm still saying that this movie is totally useless, noting that a good movie must stand on its own. This documentary is based too much on the assumption that the viewer is already an avid fan of Schneebaum's work and instead of this assumption is based on an additional disc on a DVD. Schneebaum is both an arrogant and a feminine, striking sour combination if it mixes with the fact that its story is significantly riveting. If you are looking for a certain piece of human nature and cannibalism, return, because "Keep the river to your right" is an embarrassingly fun self-serving bead man who has long been late for a straight jacket gag.
