Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy had extensive (standalone) film career before they finally joined. For many of his Ollie Stan films, he was paid on the screen like Babe Hardy ... and throughout his adult life, Hardy was known as "Babe" to his friends. When he traveled to Laurel Bernel Delfont after the war with Laurel in Britain, Hardy interviewed a journalist John McCabe, where he explained the origin of this nickname. Hardy's malignant cheeks (the ones on his face) said, "Nice child!" Hardy's coworkers began to call him "Babe" and nickname. His teamwork with Billy Ruge (who?) for the Vim Comedy Film Company with low budget shorts is very terrible. Hardy and Ruge were given the names Plump and Runt: names that are unpleasant on their own but worsened because Ruge (though shorter than Hardy) is not particularly runtime. Looking here, Hardy looks as much as he does in his early Hal Roach movies with Laurel ... but without spit curls and weak mustache. <br /> <br /> "One too much", a completely typical plunt and runt-epic is directly unusual ... and its drift is made even more visible by the fact that this film has exactly the same assumption as "This is my wife" one of Laurel and Hardy's most fun movies. Plump (Hardy) is a constellation headed by a high gawky homeowner. Runt (Ruge) is a porter. Plump receives a letter from his rich uncle John whose dose he expects to inherit. His uncle has come to see him and meet Plump's wife and child. There is only one problem: Plump does not have a woman and a woman. She has lied to her uncle to feel like a family member. Of course, Plump hopes that Runt will find him and his baby with a short notice. Of course, the results are disastrous. It would be nice if these disastrous results were funny, but they are not. Most of the dishonest humor is just empty here, where the characters set their arguments in each other. <br /> <br /> SPOILERS. Vim director Will Louis (who?) Does not show camera design instinct: an actor playing a homeowner is much higher than Hardy, and Louis is consistently creating his shots so his head is out of the frame. It can be funny if it is done for the purpose, but it is just wrong. At one point of this bad comedy, there is an extremely tasteless pawn on the horizon when Runt approaches the black washer. "Certainly they wouldn't bow to laugh," I thought. But they do it. Runt steals a woman's black infant and tries to leave it as descendants of Plump. <br /> <br /> But somehow Plump is a toddler but he still has no baby. When Uncle John came up the stairs, Plump is driving conscripts to Runt for a toddler. This gag can just work with a dwarf or even a really runtime-sized actor like Chester Conklin, but Billy Ruge is just over average. Adopting Ruge is neither plausible nor funny, and Uncle John must be eligible for it. Amazingly, he does it! <br /> <br /> One of the most remarkable aspects of One Too Many is its short look - probably its only film appearance - by Madelyn Saloshini, Oliver Hardy's first wife. Marriage was not happy, though Hardy's marriage problems never reached Stan Laurel's epic proportions. <br /> <br /> Only one thing in this movie impressed. There's a very short set of rebounds, where Hardy resembles his seaside romance with a bathing bath. In 1916, there was still no ordinary grammar of the film to convey the setbacks: here it is done gracefully and easily. Too bad that this film has no other qualities. "One too much" is definitely one movie too much of Oliver Hardy's CV, and I appreciate this movie from just one point out of 10. Laurel and Hardy together are definitely more fun than any of them.
