96 minutes of it is cruel ... and I love old Munster. Yes, the plot is a thing; yes, the lines are insignificant; but who was in the wheel was not a fan. There's so much “intrigue” (and I'm using this word with a big break) so I don't know if it's an old Starsky & Hutch episode. I lost many times when I noticed that the makeup was close to the neck. By refusing to acknowledge that since the mid-1960s (ridiculous), any time has passed, manufacturers simply replace Marilyn & Eddie with younger actors. Why not let them grow and age? Adding an Addami family style does not add to the Halloween feast. <br /> <br /> Grandfather and Herman fly to Transylvania and back in a few hours (resisting.) Sid Ceaser is the most, the most unbelievable character (I am also a bad robot) because he strikes a harsh and Yiddish uncomfortable combination, but claims to be an ancient Arab ruler. And yes, there seems to be no luck. In fact, there are several places where the air is dead, as if the laughing head were to be added later. The actors seem to be waiting for the faux audience. It's not ridiculous; it is sad. Oh, and the best part! Yvonne DeCarlol is a line that simply shows how the writers and manufacturers touched. Marilyn says something like, "Where can Herman and grandfather be? They might have been in an accident. They could have been hit by a car ... or a train!" Lily says something like this: "You are Herman's sister when she has to get off the train." What's amazing about this: Yvonne DeCarlo's husband was a stuntman at the beginning of the 1960s who lost his leg and almost got a train stunt. He did not recover, and it destroyed his family financially. (See the fantastic review of Biography of your life and career) This line could have been made more sensitive to him. <br /> <br /> If you are Munster's true fan then you have to rent this mess. This shows how some things remain alone. Even with (almost) original pain, it is almost as bad as repeating the exhibition a few years ago.
