To go out of hand, "The Bagman" is very, very, very bad. It suffers terribly in almost every aspect except one: the final product is such a terrible movie that it is actually a hysterically funny look. This is a very low quality movie. The budget constraints on the film should be obvious to anyone who even looks at the opening title sequence. I'm not sure if much of the humor in the movie was meant or not. For example, the film takes place in Doomsville. Note to all future home users: If the city you are moving to is called "Doomsville", continue on. Stephanie Beaton pulls her top quickly so that the kitchen gets pretty enthusiastic about sex. I couldn't laugh because he has deliberate humor (he turns on a gas stove ... can I get it? Sex is hot? Get it?) And involuntary humor. In this case, music is involuntary. It's like theme music for "Chariots of Fire" at Electronica. Break Your Computer And Synthesizers! I understand that for small production, music is expensive to come by. I really feel for them because the work here is so good. The problem is that cheap music may not be good music. I'm not laughing so much about sex on screen because "Alone in the Dark" with this "Seven Seconds" song (I think they suggest that the poor old Mr. Slater was a little ... quick?). Even the final credits are fun. Intentional or not? You are a judge: a pet dog and a cat are part of the credited pain - and the animal competitor was assigned to them! - The Boom is credited to Mr B. Stick and the third unit's wardrobe (Yep, they had a third unit) is credited to K-mart. Maybe it's just me, but I think it's more fun than recording a movie. The film is very bad, but the goals of Stephanie Beaton, her friends and family are so good in "Bagman" that you can't help but like the movie they've created. "The Bagman" is bad, but not terrible. In her sweet sense, she can even be a little pleasant. It carries your mistakes so honestly that you can't help but forgive. "Better" movies that try to hide the bugs are somehow worse. I think it's just a movie that knew who that audience was and was produced accordingly. <br /> <br /> Watch all the movies and most of them are probably much better. Some of them may seem cheaper or with inferior operations or the value of bridle production. They may not suffer terribly because "The Bagman" does it with terrible editing, sound and foley effects. Mr B Stick did not do a very good job. Special effects seem to be where most of the money went. They tend to be more funny than harsh, though at the end of "Bagman" at the end of the end, make-up work is surprisingly well done. <br /> <br /> My 4 out of 10 is a bit high but humor helped a lot. This is the perfect movie to watch some friends and a couple of beers at night. Anyone who is serious about B-film or low-budget film enthusiasts must be entertained. All others should probably avoid big bias.
