"Bubble" is an attempt to make a gay Romeo & Julia-style story with Israelis and Palestinians, although it seems to be coming through "friends" or "Beverly Hills 90210". The characters are low and trite, as is the line between the dialog and the drawing. The film seems to be fluffy and deeper. On the one hand, the sharp effort is low, because (for many examples) some small characters even ask questions that call for an understanding of conflicts, and get answers, for example, "Hey, we're not going to be political here!" this is just one of many ham-fisted signals that the film is as hollow and irrelevant as its title refers to. On the other hand, the film's main claim to the depth lovers "Benti" is about a game about gays from the Nazi labor camp. The stage on the stage has been cumbersome, undermining his erotic strength (understandable, given the time constraints of the film, but it could have been much better) Damage This game deserves much better. <br /> <br /> The characters are so one-dimensional that some even have names that telegraph their entire (although the word seems to be inappropriate here.) The aggressive soldier of the Golan Brigade is called "Golan." d Palestinian is called "Jihad". An aspiring-for-stylish faghag roommate is "Lulu". Anyone who knows Palestinian checkpoints and life, whether it is from real life or from documentaries, will find checkpoint scenes so absurdly unrealistic? well, the rest of this fluffy fantasy. If a Palestinian woman goes to the fastest manpower of Israeli soldiers, she is deliberate and helpful, the ambulance will rush in a few minutes. (The result of the birth shows Palestinians recognizing Israel and even paranoia.) All in all, the checkpoint is simply an inconvenience, not a number of bones, breathing disruptive, degrading obstacles without medical care or need for birth, death or serious illness. Palestinian lover Ashraf seems to have no trouble with the Nablus to Tel Aviv without any paperwork. She just appears whenever she likes. If the Israelis want to get through it, this is a much more challenging challenge, including the Lucy Ricardo scheme. <br /> <br /> Against the backdrop of beautiful, supportive Israeli and incredible homophobic Palestinians, we are moving to a resolution that is completely lacking motivation or purpose? except as a painfully obvious dramatic device for banned friends against sympathy. <br /> <br /> The romance of Israeli-Palestinian gays has been much more advanced in terms of skill and depth, such as Saleem's "Salaam / Shalom", so this film is hardly as groundbreaking as some people want to think. as in Ed Wood's works, at least they have a distinctive distinctive feature. It doesn't even have it. Most of the soundtrack sounds like Simon and Garfunkel in the quaaludes, and even the odd palettes of gay sex scenes, the general incompetence that passes through this movie, plays like a mediocre TV weekly movie.
