there was no effort here for Valentine to stop it just on another teen movie, a horror movie horror we've seen too much over the last decade. I have heard a lot of people complaining that the film hangs out a number of earlier horror films, including everything from Halloween to Prom Night to Carrie, and as much as I hate to be superfluous, raping is so daring that it's not possible say something. The top red bowl from Jeremy's head of the movie is so obviously taken from Carrie that they could just say it in the movie ("Hey, it's the director and the next is my Carrie-rip-off enjoy!"). But this is just a recommendation. <br /> <br /> (Spoilers) The movie is structured in pieces just like any other funny teen thriller. We know some girls briefly at the beginning, he gets killed, people wonder at the old oh-but-that-stuff-only-to-other-people toon and then they start killing. The problem is that the director and writers want to keep the film clear and honest, but they have no idea how to do it. Take, for example, Jason. Here is a hopelessly arrogant man, who is so full of himself and bad with women, that he shares the check on the date that every person had done, and one of the first signs of a poor Jeremiah being treated in the film after a brief lesson of history. that it has some meaning. Besides, and more importantly, he has the same initials as the little boy who was terrorized by all the girls in the sixth grade, and the same initials that have been signed under all these cruel Valentine's Day cards. <br /> <br /> It is not uncommon that the behavior of one or more characters, which appears to be the main suspect, is deliberately and sometimes successfully misleading the public, and Jason is a perfect example of efforts, but not such a good example of successful efforts. Of course I was thinking for a while that he might be a very killer, but that's not the case. We know early that she is terrible for women, which binds her to the little boy at the beginning of the film, but then appears in the middle of the movie, smiling at two main girls. and then give them the look of anger and walk away, disappear from the party and the movie without explanation. We know he's the nature of cardboard, but his role in the film was so badly thought that they took him with him. <br /> <br /> The positive thing is that the killer is a true change of identity, it was actually difficult to predict at least one subtle way, which unfortunately was another burst. At the beginning of the film, when Shelley strikes her foot with her scalpel, she does not sound, suggesting that the killer may be a woman who is silent to avoid being a female as a man, as everyone suspects. But for the rest of the movie, we have this confident, relentless and unstoppable killer with an emotional mask and this giant butcher. Head Jamie Blanks (who with all due respect for having problems with sixth grade girls) mentions influencing Halloween. This is, of course, completely unnecessary because it is as obvious as the film is filmed. The only difference between Valentine and Michael Meyer killer is that Michael's mask was so much more effective and had no problems with nosebleeds. This stuff is shameless. <br /> <br /> Finally, a brief attempt is made to mislead us once more about who the killer is (with the removal of a slow and drawn "ja-killer-mask"), but then we see that Adam's nose begins to bleed when she has Kate, her often reluctant girlfriend, and we know she's a killer all the time. Nothing in the movie hinted that he could be a killer until he was finally made, and these inexplicable nosebleeds were not exactly the way to identify a real killer at the end of the film. Valentine is not scary (I looked at it in an empty house myself after midnight, and I've been afraid of the blind as long as I remember, and even if I'm not afraid), and characters can be taken care of if it was not so obvious they just die. I remember the impression of theater previews (although the movie was in theater and faster than Battlefield Earth), but the end result is the same old thing.
