Includes soft spoilers. I enrich this movie to save you the trouble of watching it. <br /> <br /> Jet Li's films belong to one of two categories: Shaolin's timed movies and films set in today's Hong Kong-like Triads or Triads. Every genre has the best and worst films. "Twin Warriors" is Jet Li's best Shaolin era flick when "The Evil Cult" is his worst. "Legend Fist", while recently is the best "modern era" Jet Li movie. The "black mask" is undoubtedly the worst. <br /> <br /> Jet Li plays a self-proclaimed mercenary who got an injection that gives him supernatural power but shortens his life. In his "new life" exile, he plays a pacifist librarian. When his old mercenary team goes into rampage, Jet Li becomes a source of power who has decided to stop them. She is a very silly corrugated mask to hide her identity from the police (and publicly) as a librarian, as well as hide her real identity in her former comrades arms. <br /> <br /> The version I saw was duplicated and awful. Why does Jet Li grab and hold his library as a hostage of a collaborator? Is there a love story between them? Why does the police chief not care if he learns about Black Maski's true identity? The plot is just BAD. Bad is a superhero, bad in the sense that characters are never properly developed, the interactions of their character are bad, everything is a half-clarified story that I didn't care about quickly. <br /> <br /> Action and martial arts sequences are up. The film has a lot of blood, gore (broken body parts), explosions, and matrix-style supernatural fiasco. Unfortunately, these movies are the best and the only point of sale. If you want to see Jet Li playing in a vigilant super hero on the Impossible style movie, Black Mask offers. For the rest of us, Jet Li fans are a real disappointment. This is one of those films where Jet Li can never be Jet Li: he doesn't get us the chance to win his charisma, or the chance to impress with his impressive but realistic martial arts. It is usually enough for Ozzy Osbourne's attack on China to be captured in the film, unfortunately, this "black mask" has turned out to be an exception to this rule. Indeed, this film's antagonist, how he dresses, his long straight hair and the brand of circular sunglasses look like fashionable and outdated Ozzy Osbourne. But the villain is not long enough on the screen to make this trick useful. I assume that Ozzy's similarity was intentional; besides being a villain, he ran for a satanic look. So much could have done the trick of Ozzy Osbourne's offender! If only a writer, director, or ANYONE had been bothered to give the background and develop the style of the film, then the "black mask" was the first Jet Li movie that appeared in the US after a deadly weapon 4 and I'm glad to I still stayed away. It may have destroyed my entire assessment of Jet Li as a martial artist and actor. If you want to see Jet Li at its worst, rent "Black Mask" and "The Evil Cult" and do this double function or horror, both intentional and involuntary. Otherwise, stick to the movements that use Jet Li and have semi-thoughtful and credible plots. 3/9 stars.
