Wow. Looking at this movie today, you can't help writing this movie, but it's terrible. Spencer Tracy and Loretta Young are playing a couple who today can play "The Jerry Springer Show" - because they have sick and malicious relationships ... and inexplicably seem to be the authors! <br /> <br /> The film begins with the hungry and homeless Loretta, attracted by the poor but very resourceful Spencer Tracy. She shows her how to make very little money when she gets, and leads her home. It is never clear whether they are getting married - and given that this is a pre-code movie, you can assume that they are not even when they are in cohabitation. Their relationship is very strange ... and rather sick. Although you can see that Tracy cares about his activities, he is verbally abusive and the whole jerk --- and Young comes back more like a dog. She calls her "thin" or "ugly" and they are a sick way to use endearment! Later, when he starts fooling with another woman (Glenda Farrell), he tells his friend that if he wants it, he's good! It certainly smells sado-masochistic and you can't help but feel a little terrible. Of course, he didn't hit him, but the relationship is very abusive. To show how sick it is when Young gets pregnant, she says to her: "... this is your child and it is mine, but you don't have to worry, I'll take it all for you!" Yikes! Does it all look a bit like a sight through a sick and disturbing home?! Later, Tracy proves life in the art of imitating and disappearing. After all, she cannot be burdened with a child - even if she is her. But he changes his mind and decides to return home. Wow ... this is a bit of him! And when she returns, she is disgusting and acts as she stays, she is not obliged to care for the child! And he tells him he is a "free man ... a free bird"! Wow, I was almost in tears at the moment of this offer ... NO! Soon this crazy couple will be married ... and of course Young is depressed because he seems to be staying as long as it suits him - not for love or responsibility. So how can you save something like this sick character? What would you do? Well, as writers, they will soon be abducted by Tracy to help pay for it! The romantic aspects of the film are insignificant! During the robbery, Tracy behaves like a chump - doing almost anything to take precautions not to catch - as he secretly hopes to get to prison. And to show what a nice guy he is, he he's trying to rob is one of his best friends. <br /> <br /> Although there is more to the movie, the bottom line is that Tracy's jerk Young is an idiot in the movie. Even though they are both very good actors, they can't in any way do anything that this writer produced. Nice music, nice sets, good actor ... and a script that is 100% poo. The way the movie is now 7.4 is beyond me and I don't know how anyone can ignore the fear of the characters. A terrifying failure that somehow did not destroy the career of the individuals concerned. <br /> <br /> And if you don't know if Loretta EVER gets the backbone of this movie or plays the person with the least strength, the answer is NO! Finally, he has not learned anything and has not become better because they do not make films like they used to be ... and in that case ... thank God!
