may contain spoiler !!!! I watched this movie last night at LMN (Lifetime Movie Network), which is NOT known for showing high quality movies. This movie is very good! I'm still surprised to see the whole thing because it was terrible. could this film contain more stereotypes? (harping Jewish mother who wants a son to be a doctor, a Catholic family with priest sons, great crusades in every room shown in a Catholic family house, Mexican whores, "bad" boy who is really softie from heart, incredibly bad land accents ) GAG !!!! I was first of all interested in the fact that I had never heard of this movie, and after I saw that cheryl pollack and corin nemec were in it, I decided to wake up to 4:00 to watch it. anyway, the only redeeming thing about this movie is the beauty of madchen amicki. I think pollaka and nemec are working well, but they have a scary script to work with. Unlike another reviewer who commented on the lack of Texas accents (the film should be made in a weaver and a very small number of people), I think the accents were there (supporting characters like Mary Margaret Date and John) and were unnecessary. they were also very bad. I'm so tired of Hollywood's "southern" accents that don't sound like an area where the emphasis should be. and because it was supposed to happen in austin and movies there in 1991, it would not have been expensive, I was expecting there are familiar shots from the city: a beautiful capitol, a UT tower that came out for a winning football game, none of these things were there. also takes about 5-6 hours to ride mexico from austin. At one point in the movie, Michael and his ass take off for Mexico to lose their virgins and are able to drive away when it is dark (in summer and autumn it won't go to Austin until 21:00). spend time in Mexico drunk and have sex with Mexican (is there any other?) whores and then return to Austin. although it is theoretically possible, it is not very likely. and if somebody has started in the highlands of the school (usually in the third week of august but maybe already in September 1960), they know that if they do not want to get out of the heat, they will not suffer their letters !!!! ! In August and September, there are 90+ degrees in and around Austin. only people with no body temperature would be foolish enough to wear sweaters or letterheads on the first day of school. All in all, there is a very bad TV movie experience.
