Probably bad Valentine's title has so many games I don't know where to start. I say this, however; here is a film that makes me long for the complexity of the Valentine cards we gave in basic school. You know, "Batman is a Valentine fighting super crime!" <br /> <br /> Valentine is a brighter film with no irony. ignores the effect of Scream. The villain is all-knowing and unattractive. Heroes are easily scared when people run around the corners and grab them from the shoulders screaming "HeyIjustleftmycoatbehind!" The overall result is Norman Bates' mother. <br /> <br /> The disgraceful plot is followed by many childhood friends who have now grown and are very curved. Because the film doesn't give them anything else, they stand around and wait until the hidden stalker kills them one by one. This stalker seems to be a former nerd Jeremy Melton, whom women have consistently rejected and men beaten in high school. With the nearby Valentine's Day, women begin to get scary maps that predict their death. Melton seems to be an obvious suspect. The only problem is, as numerous signs warn, for thirteen years Melton would have been able to change her look to look and look beautiful. So (here's the fear of fear), everything is suspicious! <br /> <br /> There is a problem here. In order to create some tension during Valentine viewing, you must accept a reality where high school nerd is capable of becoming David Boreanaz. The nerd does not become an angel when they grow up, they become older, the nerds of the baller. He's not a terrible actor, but no less than four scripts given by a writer give him and the rest of the participants something to do but scream and do. Particularly used is Denise Richards (a Hollywood bustist who is never in the Baywatch stars); the most shameful apology to get him to the bathing ground just before the decisive climax. Note for yourself: Always bring a swimsuit for Valentine's Day party. Just because it's February, doesn't mean you don't feel like you take a little dive. Here's the problem with number two. The filmmakers made it clear that it would be a worrying picture if someone who is exposed to people with a hot iron is on his head. Simple and simple, it's not. Instead, it just made me think about how men with a mask covering his entire face, including his eyes and ears, can move so insidiously without knocking on his chairs or tables. And again, taking into account the things Cupid Killer does, maybe he can teleport and his eyes are his hands. <br /> <br /> Not only is the movie bad, it's not sure who the killer is; The final "twist" is more "Huh?" as "Ha!" If you don't have to scratch your head, then you wake up, then silence, you are looking for the closest exit. Don't look at this movie. Even if you're alone on Valentine's Day, find something else. You're glad you did.
