** SPOILERS ** The little laughs made for a TV movie are the sexy and middle-aged gold miner Isabelle Collins, Susan Tucci, making a number for every person she's in the movie. First, their hearts then won their purses and, when they no longer use it, they are thrown into the trash basket as used by Kleenex. <br /> <br /> Isabelle's first victim is nothing but abusive, with Isabelle's robbery of bank account, Stewart, John O'Hurley. It is in a later film, when Isabelle becomes a former plumber and now the yacht salesman Richard Davis, Philip Casnoff, is very friendly that he, without actually telling him, would embrace a totally sick-hearted Richard to get his unsuspecting husband's life contract. Obtaining such a former conviction, in fact, as soon as he was released from prison, Daggett, Nicholas Campbell, to work at Stewart Richard, will soon discover that he did not get exactly what he paid, $ 15,000.00 in cash. /> <br /> Too greedy Daggett not only incited Stewart's brains, but with a solid gold watch that Stewart also offered him his life. It was easy to watch Daggett when he tried to blame it at a local jewelery shop where he was quickly arrested. When Doggett fled out who hired him to release Stewart, he didn't take long to make Stewart arrest, hiring Doggett, the killer Isabelle's husband as ex-plumber and yacht salesman Richard Davis! Arrest of Davis by the police is as he and Isabelle took the promises of marriage in the local church! <br /> <br /> Isabelle manipulates everyone, only men who wear her head to get them to do their dirty work. Always playing a part of a naive housewife or widow or lover, or even a client of Isabelle, seems to be always one step ahead of law and police in a charming life. Whatever he does, he covers Isabelle just as well that it is almost impossible for him to seize him if he has others, for the many crimes he committed in the film with the other party. <br /> After a complicated and literally his first wife, Steven, his second man, less than ten seconds, Richard and finally his or Richard's, attorney Gavin Kendrick, Kamar De Los Rey, Isabelle knows it's only time before when the police understand wisely. Because D.A got both Richard and Kendrick to prove his Isabelle evidence, knowing now that all of his quick closure is his final move. Getting all the stuff, carrying all your cash abroad, Isabelle and her 10-year-old daughter, Ruby, Lauren Collins, shoot the passport to get clearance, passports to get out of the country. <br /> This is when cagey and smart Isabelle make the first and possibly fatal error in the movie, and possibly. Isabelle is told by passport secretary Don Carrier; The police must find him and arrest him enough! Outlandish termination, which goes against almost everything and every ethics that is film noir or crime film. The end, which not only strikes your mind, but your concept of what is right and wrong in the world!
