Karen (Bobbie Phillips) mentions that after one of her children goes out with her flat annoying jokes, she never misses the trip. Karen is a school teacher who takes the children of her group from the College of Historical Studies in Shepley to the stupid place of the manor rubble belonging to the main manure of Ireland. Certainly, there are places in this country to attract the senses like this? Gary (Simon Peacock), the caretaker of the mansion, warns Karen and his students that they are on the road and not in the wild. There is a myth about the Sawney Bony clan, a ritual druid cannibalistic inbred family celebrating Samhain's (late summer, 31 October) "The Party of the Dead", where sacrifices are needed to calm the spirits. Gary is said to be a psychic, his cousin Pandora (Ginger Lynn Allen) tells us because he was born in Samhain. Funny because he certainly doesn't see the results well and doesn't give any advice. Almost everyone dies (... even those who have never lost their way) and does not even see their mercy. The monster we hear, breathing is too much inbreeding ... the face resembles a molded fungus and looks like a mad Maxi picture. It won't take long before the "evil breeder" kills everyone. Paul (Howard Rosenstein) is Karen's love interest, who made the wrong decision for Ireland without his girlfriend's prior knowledge. <br /> <br /> A terrible formula maker will not miss the norm. This is a small budget that shows aloud and characters are clichés in assemblies that have been cut out again to be killed in the usual way. Most of the violence flashes quickly across the screen, but there are not many breeder deaths for his victims. During fast editing sections, a lot of guts are pulled when one scene falls to another. Seeing Gillian Leigh's superb bare body for a moment or two is not desirable enough to recommend it. Phil Price has a really irritating trick character, Steve, often destroying bad jokes ... how he can get Leighi Barbara naked in the shower because some action is thought to be because I have no reason why he should be a hottie if he has such a chance . Brand-Ann Milbran has a successful role in Shae, a quiet virgin smart girl (who is also quite hot) whom we know is the scenario to survive. Jenna Jameson falls long enough to cut her heart off her chest (at least we'll see her breasts for a moment before she opens her chest). The main problem with the movie is that the story and character formation stops because they realize that none of them is interesting at all, so director Christian Viel just lets his monster go, to make restraining massacres, erasing the cast of almost one failure in ten. within minutes. Oh, and Richard Grieco has a small opening day as a victim who killed his chick in the tent camp.
