Tourists travel to Ireland for a school trip to explore the Druids. What they are facing is a terrible story of cannibalistic killings. <br /> <br /> If I have to compile Evil Breed, it would be a low quality gore fest. The film mixes Dead Alive, Evil Dead, Wrong Turn everything on. It's just too bad that the film has so many contradictions to make sure it loses the "fun" it would have seen. The film has a lot of random "horror" nudity ... although the movie also features four porn stars, four, so it could have been a lot more. The breed also shows a good amount. The Evil breed is a terrible start, a ridiculous dialogue and terrible action. It's given directly to the horror film, but it takes the cake. I can't really understand who is the main character because one woman who "lives" is not really so much in the movie. Speaking of the end, it must be one of the most casual and fictional in the history of the film. It has no purpose with the rest of the movie and it completely changes the view of the movie. <br /> <br /> You have to believe this movie because there are pretty big scenes of death. I think there are two scenes of death, inside which a woman kills her breast on her chest .... yes on her chest, don't ask me. Another feature when a man gets his intestines again is hanging through his asshole. Does it kill the boy? No, the killer continues to worship with his intestines. These scenes remind me so much of Dead-Alive, with the right amount of humor. I also had the idea of ​​Evil Dead, where the horror films mentioned by Sam Raimi are pointless. With Halloween, when a female character shouts her life with a killer who is desperately trying to enter. <br /> <br /> Although gore and nudity aren't enough for poor sound and visual quality, film quality. When the teacher wakes up from her bed and steps down the stairs, her marks are so hard and hard that she seems to wear boots. Indeed disturbing. In addition to film continuity, with only one inbred killer? As well as what character dies, at what point. I couldn't tell if the breast implant was Jenny or Gary's sister / cousin ... I can't remember. Like the casual naked chick whose dead baby hung from his body, he is still attached to the umbilical cord. <br /> <br /> Dreadful editing is also distracting, with open credits being too fast and inconsistent. It had a bad start and better, but the end ends the movie at a terrible level. If perhaps there were better product values ​​and more faith in this film, it would not have been terribly killed. Remove this movie if you are not satisfied with the budget below, which is a terrible bad movie with a decent gore.
