In 1914, Charlie Chaplin began taking pictures. They were made for Mack Sennett (also known as "Keystone Studios") and were literally worded very quickly. Short comedies were very few structures and were fully advertised. As a result, the movies were popular today, but today's standards were very terrible. Many of them have a strong resemblance to home movies that have unpleasant relatives on the camera. Many others show that the stars are in front of the camera and do pretty much anything. And despite the result, Keystone sent them directly to theaters. My premise is that all the films that have been there at this time must be pretty bad, because the Keystone movies made with Chaplin were very successful. <br /> <br /> Charlie Chaplin, whom we know and love today, only started to develop Keystone later in his Chaplin career. By 1915, he signed a new lucrative contract with Essenay Studios and the films dramatically improved with Chaplin as director. However, these films were sometimes very tough and not very memorable. No, Chaplin as a cute little tramp was still developing. In 1916, when he switched to a mutual studio, his films improved again and became a more famous guy - in many previous films he was just a jerk (either a lot of drunk, women beat, provoked fighting) innocent people, etc.). The final development of his small tram to the classic situation took place in the 1920s as a result of his full-length films. <br /> <br /> It's interesting that this movie is called LOVE for twenty minutes because the movie only lasts about 10 years. minutes! Oh well. The plot that is few in size is connected to the park's small tram. The couple wants the neck, but inexplicably, Charlie requires practically sitting on a pair of lap and really annoying them. I do not understand why and short is that Charlie climbs a park that later amazes people and others in the film. Maybe he was looking for a threesome, I don't know. But the film lacks unity and is not very funny - even when people start to crush each other and push each other down the lake. A typical bad effort before Chaplin began to give his character a plot and personality.
