first it deserves about 5 stars that work (some that would give me a better subjective opinion and NOT an objective, as it should be, WELL DESERVED, star), but then I know that these facts are used for the actor (S) NAMES to raise something like this ... <br /> <br /> I have problems with such products; another attempt (like "undetectable") from a systematic propagandistic function that promotes government invasion of your rights (how interesting is it when IPS providers try to "prefer" = CENSOR data, and Americans and Canadians are fighting BACK at that very moment). this time, torrent transmissions are not marked as evil (it was to remind you when you transmit data over the network), but you are literally trying to create a sexual frustrated population. STEP LIKE FEAR PROMOTION IS HOLLYWOOD'S NORM TODAY, especially when it comes to thrillers, the most demanding movie games of the last two decades or the most viewed, the best way to influence society as a whole. such levels of violence are described morally and "ethically" in the two characteristics of the people, that it gives the "anti-heroes" a new meaning. does not make a mistake, it is not "DEXTER", which was supposed to be a quality entertainment. RECOMMENDATION "FEAR", please, the world would be a better place without it and the dollars made from it. <br /> <br /> The opening scene and usually the first 10 minutes give a really frightening picture of Erroll Babbage, which is the affliction of sexual frustration CLEARLLY. how he handles a black man is very disturbing, if not totally racist (certainly "at least a cliché") (in real life, somebody is likely to be beaten, you see what I mean). the second scene (with the presence of Claire Danes) is even more extreme. at this point I realized that I think Erroll Babbage is a very dangerous person to people around him. How many people who have seen or seen this movie have never "stuck" (in terms of BOTH gender) about COMMON's joy? usually the film gives an extreme CRIMINAL case (which, unfortunately, happened and is likely to happen again, somewhere), but the fingers all indirectly, but also "you can get it" and so on. Sigmund Freud and Jung know very well that sexuality is not something to be spoken by a "donkey", such a fanatical "hero". The SAFE sex in its many forms is healthy and not at all evil that apparently is the character of Richard Gere for the sexual "Crusade". Have we learned anything from the rich recent scandals involving priests and young boys? or how long does an American teenager see extreme violence to "pg-13", but she doesn't even see her breast until "R-18"!?!? (At the same time, the industry is targeting those very sexual perversions such as "the American" series ") .Teach the kids to the tester-one level, but discourage them and drive them underground to develop fetishes on unhealthy external!" All sexual activities (MUTUAL approval) integrate individuals better than a "fair" nut case that blames his failures and shortcomings in "the lives of other people" (a new German film that would work great when comparing the two different and different worlds) with the characteristics of a similar object. for being opposed to what they should have done. <br /> <br /> I am very disappointed by Richard Gere especially after the recent "yachting", a feature where he really looks, and a more realistic "hero" ( But it reminds me that all these people are the only actors who get to pay for someone's political and social agenda. "this flock" and "unobtrusive" the same hidden beast's head))) it just reminds you if you know someone who has similar views on this subject, as WHOLE, like Erroll Babbage, have them here to stay behind. your security. they would kill my family faster than any of the 0.00001 options that Paul Jerrod someone in their lives ... <br /> <br /> Finally, I would recommend it to someone who here thinks negative that this particular movie (and "unobtrusive") so you probably have similar thoughts as I did. nothing sweeter than a propagandist film that lets itself "in feet."))) Once I agree with the rating, it is not for young people or children; just because, at best, they would be more confused with "common" belief "money + celebrity + fashion" and how it is related to sexuality. The "screaming" series and movies in this form of LEAST are defined as entertainment value (even if I find it stupid). but it's just another "trust me, I know what's good for you" deeply (not as well done as I could add) subconscious messages.
