It's like ... you put on a DVD and the most professional look you see in the next ninety minutes is the distribution company logo. And here you know that you are just over. <br /> <br /> People generally trust enough to assume that if something is put on a DVD, it will be at a certain level - at least financially, if not creatively. But unfortunately this is not the case. Distributors are completely happy that they can assemble DVDs for amateur movies and send them to stores to wait for an unexpected buyer pulled into a well-designed DVD cover. The weight of this particular project is most likely an independent horror film pioneer Kevin J Lindenmuth, whose name may be well-known among genres, as he is responsible for various other low budget werewolf films - "Roll". so on. <br /> <br /> "Werewolf's Blood" consists of three short independent werewolf stories that have no real connection except that they are engaged in hereditary shifts. The first segment, "Blood Reunion", defines the whole thing as a ton ... the man returns to his hometown to look for a girl who was crushed to find that his dominant grandmother refuses to let him down with men and for reasons that are somehow related to the secret of the family in the dark . This installment is poorly targeted, poorly targeted, and basically better than what you could put together with some friends and your home video camera. <br /> <br /> Another story, "Old Blood," is probably the three strongest and is led by Lindenmuth himself. It talks about a lesbian couple, one of whom is a formator and the other wants to give that power. His desire is given, but he does not become the creature he saw. This short film shows that Lindemuth has more talent and experience than other filmmakers working on this project, but it is not enough to raise it beyond the level of the amateur film. <br /> <br /> And finally we have a "Manbeast" where some soldiers drive through the woods when they are being tracked by two others. They want to kill him when he is bitten by a beast and thought to be dangerous, but not everyone may seem like it seems. It has an interesting concept, but it's too long, and if you don't think what "twisting" is in the first ten minutes, it's probably not too bright. It summarizes all the problems associated with this DVD ... some good ideas are not enough to justify the money in this way. After all, would you pay for an image that you might have painted yourself?
