First of all, I would like to say that I love the "Ladies' Man" sketch on SNL. I always laugh at the image of Tim Meadows Leon Phelps. But there is a difference between an 8-minute drawing and a full-length movie. Looking at how Leon is doing his exhibition and making his listeners unreliable comments and offering all kinds of segments for his show, such as "The Ladies Man Presents ...", which is reminiscent of "Alfred Hitchcock's gifts ...", is completely fun. There's a big episode in which Cameron Diaz's role playing Monica Lewinski and Leon play Bill and call it "Oral Office". Look, it's funny! <br /> <br /> We don't see an example of a movie too often. In fact, he gets out of almost all of the country's radio stations. And the plot revolves around its endeavor for true love, engaging in a mysterious letter that fell on its home ship, signed "Sweet Thing". Karyn Parsons, who is famous for playing Hillary with "Bel Air's fresh prince", works with him at an exhibition and has a secret set of Leon. The film sinks one after the other on a boring subplot. And the gags are also boring. For the first time we see that Leon mentions the word "wang", which is pretty funny. If he uses it again and again, it is thought that he is trying to laugh, the joke has dried up. Most of the jokes she uses in the movie are the jokes we heard and did before the SNL sketch, and we played weekly for the whole hour and 25 minutes. They even try to add Will Ferrell and his gang Ladies' enemies to the musical number, all of whom want to destroy him, because their wives were associated with him to bring some life into this meaningless comedy. Ferrell has some funny moments and tries to get the best out of the otherwise failed role. Ferrell has this unique comic talent and he's funny about everything he does. Even Julianne Moore gets a hoof. Looking at her, you can't just wonder: "What the hell is the Oscar winning actor in this movie ?? !!!!" His name was not mentioned in the open credits - apparently with his consent. And of course, the Master of Love himself, Billy Dee Williams, must also be involved in the film. Billy Dee is charismatic as always, but even she can't breathe enough in this movie. I also have to add that the soundtrack is full of soft R & B hits, which further damages the film, giving it a terribly downward tone - as if the script is not boring enough. I think it's "comedy". The music would have been suitable for "Love Jones". <br /> <br /> "Ladies' Man" laughs only at random. There are exceptions where the SNL can outline a great movie with a short sketch. See both "Wayne World" movies and see how it's done. But this film, like the customization of Mary Catherine Gallagher's character on the "Superstar" screen, shows the flip side. Some sketches are designed to remember SNL, not on a silver screen. <br /> <br /> My score: 3 (out of 10)
