I watched Joe Bob Briggs' legendary newsletter videos. I saw a lot of stinkers, but it was by far the worst, and the years have not been nice - it is still the most painful cinema I've ever seen. Don't get me wrong - CAGED TERROR is nominally technically more competent than saying MONSTER-A-GO-GO or HARLEM'S GUIDE or something like that. What she wants is the worst movie of all time for me, it's a unique blend of bare skill and exhausting claim. Is this Vietnamese comment? Ecological protest? Inciting the joy of attack? Study of human inhumanity to man? A novel exercise in cushioning nature frames to the (almost) function length? In a nutshell: The young young professional (perhaps the most devastating character of the screen ever) seduces somehow the amazing Asian-American association with him in the woods. After reaching up to a better portion of the quasi-philosophical clamp, they run through two traveling veterans, an unforgettable Jarvis (fair brother) and Troubadour (a guitarist Manson's refusal). Hey, plot the twist! Stress! Action! Excitement! Well, no, just a climatic-sliding-in-a-alternating-wire-chicken-co-operative and slightly humble scene. This victim looks at the spectators and nuts from above, "No ... no ... please ... don't ..." Meanwhile, Jarvis Troubadour deals with "Trouby" once every two minutes, remembering as much as Juan Picquer POD PEOPLE alien star. This is all that is happening in CAGED TERROR, and such a summary may seem almost acceptable. But trust me, I've seen thousands of movies in my life, and it's been the absolute worst in the last eight years since I first saw it. (I'll put this old videotape every two years or so to secure myself and convince myself that I will do it.) I think that the element that makes CAGED TERROR so special is that it happens very little, and though being a little happens happening quite badly and quite slowly, which truly makes it compulsively insecure, the filmmakers have a really warm feeling, really want to raise a certain message under the throat. But because CAGED TERROR is both incompetent and ineffective, it becomes a crash of social learning with intense viewing discomfort. This movie is 75 minutes long and feels three and a half hours. It's terrible, really terrible. People, trust me, I saw GHOSTS WHAT YOU WILL SEE AND AND that is worse. Look at this! You thank me. And curse me. Just a record, my favorite line: (CAGED TERROR, but maybe EVER) "Yeah, well, you think Solomon's song was an allegory of Christ's love for the church ...!" (NOTE: Must be given in a coordinated conditioning tone.)
