Please humoor me when you read you on the back of the ALLEY CAT VHS box in a minute. It says: <br /> <br /> In this part of the city every street is dead, every corner you buy, every alley in another way to die-survive you have to be the best - like Alley Cat. Alley Cat - This lady has a night. On the streets where even predators get victims, he knows how to survive - Cross him and you're in luck. Alley Cat-This animal is awakened. <br /> <br /> Now, this is not one of the most miserable things you have ever heard in your life? Whoever wrote it must be crazy when they think that such a horrible description can tempt us to watch the video. Unfortunately, any unimaginable person was responsible for using this tragic English language, but he did his job just too well. A little film in a plastic case is as bad as it seems, and then some. Karin Mani plays the role of title and the script basically tells him during each particular scene either: a) Pout like a goldfish; There are no complaints about the latter, but for the other two, it is simply said that he is not much of an actor and is even less convincing than a martial arts expert. But even Meryl Streep, along with Cynthia Rothrock's body (which is a frightening thought) would not record this movie. The plot's development is boring because we get enough for one of the consistently targeted sequences, stopping only the hysterical courtroom shenanigans and the occasional gag-inducing love scene with the name Robert Torti. Camera-work also follows a similar shame because there are many too many unnecessary close-ups and consistency errors. <br /> <br /> The part that I think is really the sum of this movie capture is where our heroine is sexually assaulted and finds herself in front of a corrupt judge while her rich boyfriend writes to her. Not only does he not release him from scoring, despite his surprising evidence, but he is also imprisoned for dare to protest his judgment against his honor. Behind the bars he has a group shower, lesbian crushing, a couple of cat-fighting and a nice, sweaty volleyball game before he is released for bail. This ten-minute paragraph has nothing to do with the rest of the film, and the scenario stops to cover it. I can only imagine that manufacturers wanted to add a little more R&D to the mix, and this unnecessary sub-item was the way to achieve this goal. <br /> <br /> What are the issues of exploitation or a serious drama? Nor is my answer to this ... it is not sloppy or in camp to appeal to Troma-style movie fans, and it certainly does not make grades for a woman to fight against the system. it is so terribly done. So who on earth would like to see it? Lunatics, I think ... or IMDb reviewers who stay up to thirty and look at the old garbage while falling asleep. Unfortunately, it did not happen randomly and the horrors will stay with me for quite some time. Don't make the same mistake I made. Hot milk or something .. 1/10
