I see quite a few positive comments with this table, trying to revive this film from its poor status and begin to follow the cult. I see the usual ranting - "I don't think this movie is easily offended," "This movie is not Shakespeare," etc. There was also no "Road Trip"! And I laughed at this ** movie! There's a chance to make crude oil, tasteless comedy, and laugh; and there's a chance ... just make it raw and tasty. "Whipped" tries to be "swingers" without wisdom or intelligence. It seems to have been written with a clean eye of a 14-year-old boy. In the interests of God, the characters of this film should be white-collar, fair citizens - and they talk like some idiots I knew in the first year of high school! Dialogue is a four-letter word that is rather submerged. You think people with this status would have some degree of intelligence and a broader vocabulary. Just look at the Whit Stillman movie and see the difference. Not to mention that the dialogue sounds totally unrealistic and even in the cartoon. If you know successful white collar businessmen who talk about this movie-like character, please let me know and introduce them to them. Their irritating sexual deception is equivalent to a standard dressing room conversation between teenagers who just arrive in puberty. There is no overview of the relationship, gender or ... anything !!! It's just a bad excuse to show you very different things - and don't take the word "extremely" for granted - because I mean it with all my heart - crude oil. These are substanceless gags. Gags that are meant to be more than laughing. The end scene between Amanda Peet and her girlfriends was completely uninvited and completely convincing. There are some films that include communication between women, written by (straight) men and playing wonderfully. This scene includes the gap between sexual metaphors and gestures. This includes a dialogue that can never be imagined when a woman leaves her mouth. It was one of those markedly-a-guy scenes. I didn't believe this other. <br /> <br /> "Foamed" is a purely sick male fantasy that is as flat as it is annoying. I got a (very) couple of laughs about this completely forgotten comedy and they were probably the result of despair. If you don't want to laugh for a long time, you are desperately looking for unshakable things. So I wouldn't mark it as positive.
