I'm a music student, I thought the movie in the conservatory might be fun to watch. Little did I know ... (I had no idea that this movie was based on Britney Spears's book) This film was unlikely. It is clear that the one who wrote the script never has a leg in the conservatory and did not know anything about classical music. Let me give you just a few examples: 1) NOT WAY anyone who is admitted to the classical conservatory with classical training! Just a nice pop voice is not enough, but it's a completely different thing - another genre, a different technique. It's like playing a violin class when applying for a violin class. 2) How should a lady teaching music theory be sung in a jury? If he hadn't been singing by a professor himself, he wouldn't have to say anything in that situation, and if he had sung a professor, why didn't he say that? 3) To read music you need to read music. 4) How did Angela catch this video tape? It would only have been confidential in the jury's eyes. Now whether he got a tape from a professor or script writers just had no clue. I don't know what ... 5) The singing professor gave Hollyle Carmen a song saying she was "in the range" she probably didn't. Yes, he was able to sing notes, but Carmen is mezzo soprano, while Holly's voice seemed to be much easier, not at all compatible with this song. 6) Worst: In the film, not only classical music is not a shocking ignorance, it does not even try to hide it. The aria that Angela sings is corrupted without a testimony, a fact that is obviously blatantly blatantly disgraced - Mozart would go over her grave. Habanera from Carmen also seemed a bit strange from time to time, and the way it was finally relocated just shows how little manufacturers really thought about classical music - it's stiff and boring, but hey, add some drums and electric guitars and that's almost so good as Britney Spears! I know these are all small details, but it would have been so easy to avoid them with just a little research. Anyway, I would have decided to stop my belief when the characters and plot were well developed. But without it, I really can't find any redeeming qualities except one: it's a good laugh.
