I was excited to hear that they finally made this terrible event a movie. All the time (southern California in the 1980s) and the subject (drug and porn industry) is intriguing for me. I thought it would be a fire. I wasn't excited about Kilmer's choice as Holmes, they didn't look like each other in physical appearance or style. I think he sells tickets? But I was ready to ignore it and give it a fair picture. I was a little shocked that there were only four people with me on the first day of the show. Now the whole crime and story of the movie is hard to do, I admit it. There was no witness to this very violent and cruel act. John Holmes was there, but he was also a pathological liar and worried about what would happen to his family (and himself) when he talked to the police about it. In fact, Holmes never recognized what happened and the crime did not solve it. So it was still one big secret, the mystery, that this film does nothing. The scriptwriter had a wide margin of discretion and most of the major signs were dead. However, there is no real story, it's a fragmented flap. The script is light and the actors are trying to exaggerate the thin lines of the paper too much. The film does not see Holmes or other people involved. Kilmer's character disappears long, his girlfriend is bored, the police are kidding. Even Kudrow is trying hard to play an important role. It is very low and dare say bored. The director even tries to change the love story. What's nice if you don't know anything about what John Holmes really was. Maybe there would be a few views of Anderson's "Boogie Nights". "Boogie Nights" was innovative and exciting in all aspects. However, this film was flat and without real charm or style. Even the music is in a place where Duran Duran is played on a scene that was supposed to be in 1980. Then we have Gordon Lightfoot? Gordon Lightfoot? There could have been a big movie at this terrible event, but I haven't seen it yet. I have not even seen a decent situation yet (unless you think the Money Jackson scene is from Boogie Nights).
