Takashi Shimizul was a great opportunity to remake his original film Ju-On The Grudge. Though I haven't seen this movie, I should contribute to having more imagination and originality (or some rip-off originality, in other words, knowing Japanese ghost with known slings) than with his own directed relocation. Perhaps the script somehow wrote a somewhat twisted appeal, or I think access is available to an American audience. What starts with some potential - a hint of Bill Pullman's sudden movement - just goes together. And what a horror movie? Feel the break. <br /> <br /> The tension could have been built on a situation - a sister who takes care of a disturbed woman in her home, but she's hitting everything she wants to know for her audience. Scares? How some music is timed so you know when to expect something. Black cat? Yes, why not just turn the ghost-boy thing into a sneaker that is actually just horrible when you want cats. Fuck? Why not just mix between the past and the present without the true flow of similarity, how the story could be said (that is, while the returns are entered and they are meant to be general, they are not), or be it we have something cast. <br /> <br /> By the time the characters or the ones for the exposition go around to tell us what's going on or whatever, there's little attention to it. Making a movie is dirty (ie the 180 degree rule is broken several times and not in a forgiving or intriguing form) and the performances are even scared or shocked by the wood (especially Gellar is disappointing, but Pullman, who later appears after the first scene, is very wrong. Even if Shimizu tries some of the average old "Boo" fears, such as when a woman is in the office building and being tracked with a Grudge ghost, it's still silly. Just look when she goes to the elevator and the ghost is in the background. and if so much power, or laugh hysterically at the results. Read me the last. <br /> <br /> I'm not sure where this project went wrong - did Shimizu go back to the studio or did he not give Or perhaps Raim had some testimonies and made things confusing and / or numb when they were with someone else. it makes no sense or at least give us some horror feed to chew it. This is a garbage trash in a garbage can.
