I've never understood why some people don't like Bollywood movies: they have charismatic actors, big dance numbers, and heightened emotions - what doesn't they like? I didn't know I had only seen Bollywood's top crust. Then I looked at "Garam Masala". From the first scene I can say that this is not a film I would like to (the film opens with two cities leading the assembly, which probably takes place in a series of photographic settings populated with gyrating models), but I hoped things would improve. Unfortunately, they didn't. The main problem is that the two main characters, Mac & Sam, are completely insecure. They spend the whole movie on women - and they are brutal - to bring them to bed, and the audience should probably find it funny and charming. Boys are careless and intuitive, not in a loving way. Mac goes so far as to be one of the women with drugs to keep him from deception. The script is extremely bad, with repetitive scenes, settings that never take anything, and illogical activities and characters. In fact, characters have never developed at all. Men are nervous, greedy jerks and women are easily interchangeable. When you go through this movie, you think that "air parties" are quite easy to pass on from person to person. In fact, treason is not so humorous. <br /> <br /> The only bright spots I found in the movie were one dance number with a brilliant set, and some slapsticky moments related to the frightening aspects of French-farce. But it is better to enjoy Bollywood dancing in the movies Farah Khan has choreographed, and for slapstick you might just go straight to the silent comedies of Buster Keaton and Harold Lloyd, who seem to have influenced the writer / director Priyadarshan. Priyadarshan also takes the story of the wrong credit: The main prerequisite for the plot is the 1960 Boeing Boeing. The original author of this work, Marc Camoletti, is credited somewhere. At least Priyadarshan changed the title of this transformation, not using the original without giving credit, as he did in the 1985 story. (According to IMDb credits list.)
