So they have "Vampire Month" on the Chills Network cable, I'm a dork, but I love vampires. So after a few duds they showed that I was quite disappointed, but then I noticed that Sleepwalkers was written by Stephen King. So I decided to go ahead and look at it, to my surprise, this movie was very bad. Most of Stephen King's movies are fun and some are very scary. Although Sleepwalkers was bad, it was pretty bad. I had a laugh for this movie and just for what it was. I've never read Sleepwalker, what I understand is the king's only real vampire story, so I can't really compare the book to the movie. I don't know if it was just my TV, but Sleepwalkers looked like it was made on the TV. Special effects were brilliant and the story was a bit far removed, even if it was a fantasy, it had many problems. <br /> <br /> Charles Brady and his mother Mary are vampires who feed on the power of virgin women. They are much more resilient than humans and they have the powers of both telecine and illusion. One of their weaknesses is the cats, who are not only able to see their illusions, but whose claws are able to die for fatal wounds. They also maintain an intimate relationship. Charles and Mary have settled in the small town of Indiana. Charles attends a local high school and meets Tanya Robertson in his creative writing class. Tanya does not doubt the real reason Charles wants him so much; Take your vitality to your mother who is hungry. At first, Charles seems to be in love with Tanya. On his first day, however, Charles is trying to bring a picnic to Tanya's vitality at a nearby cemetery when he is kissed. As it happens, Sheriff's deputy Andy Simpson, who had previously tried to pull Charles over to speed, drives a cemetery and notices Charles's car. When Tanya travels to help her, Charles Andy watches and kills her. When Charles then turns to continue his life-long dance through Tanya, the deputy cat goes to the Clovis event and almost kills Charles by scratching her face and chest. Clovis's deadly wounded Charles strikes back at Mary. She then seeks revenge on Tanya's family. <br /> <br /> To summarize this movie, you must, in principle, wait for the cheese to overflow. The scene in which Charles attacks Tanya for the first time is a very cliché and you are voting against almost Charles because Tanya is one of the most amazing women leaders in fear films. Then you have to love the scene where Mary has a weapon and puts it in the police room and somehow explodes, God blesses Hollywood explosions and exaggeration. I'm taking a movie about what it is, it's just so deliciously bad that it becomes a dark comedy for me to just enjoy it. I'm not sure if this is what Stephen King wanted to see, but he has a typical film in the movie. So, if you look at this movie, just take it for what it is and don't think about it, it is meaningless entertainment with nice effects, bad casting, stupid story and enough cats to make a mad cat lady about Simpson "Wow, that's a lot of cats." <br /> <br /> 4/10
