I have to agree with some other comments and go even further. Nothing worked on this movie, nothing. Our main character, Delmar, makes a decision to become a mother to earn enough money to buy a restaurant, but down the road to a smart ex-jailbird. At the same time, his friend Hortense tries to get his lawyer boy to finally get married. She also goes to sleep with Marlon, who is desperately in love with her. Then, Delmar's brother Jethro, who is involved in a former coke addiction, Missy, shows that his child has been sexually abused. There is also an eccentric on the edge, with equally strange friends, one of whom dies on the couch at the beginning of the film. So far so good, but after introducing the characters and story drawings that deal with life, death, grief and love in the first half, the film simply loses its direction. <br /> <br /> If the writer chose only one or two characters and allowed us to follow their stories, things would have been fine, but equal screen time will be given to everyone so that no story or character is fully developed. For example, why does Delmar think he can pay for his child's money, especially if future parents are a horrible lawyer and his semi-alcoholic and depressed woman? Why is Hortense so desperate to marry a man who is jerk and clearly doesn't love him? How does this Missy manage his coke habit overnight? Does Jethro regularly run women who have big problems, or is Missy? Has Delmar and Jethro's mother always been on the eccentric side or is it a recent development? Why is Jethro Cadillac so eager that he has one living room in the middle? Why did Moses spend a year in prison for stealing a car, a relatively small crime? How can Delmar finally give birth to Moses' child if there is no suggestion that they will ever be sex slaves? <br /> <br /> These questions are in the scenario, but unfortunately they never respond. I can only assume that they were given the answer in the original novel, and that is why the writer considered it necessary to add it to the script. Big mistake. Losing a number of sub-blocks, especially the story of Hortense and Marlon, which does not give anything to the general film, would have significantly tightened and allowed more time to develop Delmar, Jetro, and Moses characters that are more central to the schedule and the main topics than anyone else. <br /> <br /> Add the most to the pedestrian driving style that looks beyond the average soap opera and will result in a huge unanswered opportunity for everyone, including Jorja Fox, who will do his best to rise above the material. I am not surprised that this seems to have been the director's last film because it does not show any evidence of a visual style or ability to talk about a moving and intelligent story.
