This movie is not a stone, as others have said. I found it really boring and stupid. The story tells of this metal high school child who fails with this really bad heavy metal singer. The singer dies, but not before the creation of one of the last albums played on the radio, of course, at midnight in Halloween (which would actually make it a much less powerful date by 1 November). The child receives a copy of the document and contains hidden hidden feedback. It is also the key that opens the door so that a really bad metal singer can come back to bring the world to destruction and death. <br /> <br /> The first part of this movie is not a horror movie, but rather a school. We see a metal boy (outside) tortured by popular kids over and over again. And he does not learn the most important lessons in high school films: If the chilly children who are tempting you suddenly invite you to a party, DO NOT RUN! It's a trap. Especially if it's a pool party. Someone surprised when he reaches the water? It was such a feature of the school that I waited for Melissa Sue Anderson to show and teach the lesson of Jody Foster. <br /> <br /> So back to the horror of the movie. So this metal child gets some powers and, instead of killing these boys (which would be much more meaningful), he stays out and tries to protect all the bullied boys and girls from harm. What? Sensitive hero? What fun is this horror movie? Thanks to goodness, Carrie White did not follow this lesson. He is actually trying to prevent playing music in Halloween dance, just in music that can unleash the power to kill all the kids that meant it. If that were me, I'd be the music and pronto. <br /> <br /> The rest of the movie is the metal child who goes around the city, trying to kill the terrible metal stars he idolized. Why not partner with her and really no harm. Why do you ask? It looks like he loves one of the popular girls and doesn't want him to be hurt. It's more suitable for Molly Ringwald. Is it a horror movie or an episode of beauty and beast? The film continues and continues at this point, without fear, horror or worth watching. When you went to high school in the late 80s, as I did, this movie is fun to be with a little fashion and big hair, but that's for this movie. Leave it down and leave home and listen to some KISS.
