In making this film, Antonioni assumed the role of Papa Smurf for all small hair, American, radical students-Smurfs. He had taken them under the leadership of his European Communist wings, showing appreciation and support for their confused American ways. (These Smurfs are red and worn blue, not the other way around.) Radical Smurfs gladly became a wise man with rare hair who regularly prefers the God of all long-haired Smurfs, Lenin's Communist God. another wise man whose beard made the Smurfs even more serious to him because it symbolizes something smart, although they did not know why they thought the beard would have such a profound influence on them. Another wise cute man, Castro, has often exalted this confusion and magical abilities with his naive overseas admirers. (Not to mention Che Guevara: this beard has some je-ne-sais-pas-quoi on it, does one want to embrace Marx and his sweet pacifist teachings right away?) The film starts with radically stupid meetings with radical students who participate in dialogues that define the word "Confused". As confused as a high-level building with a dark shell dog falling into a bottomless pit. Suddenly, the hero of the movie (well, Antonion's hero) rises and says something to his pathetic left-wing peers and then leaves, hoping that this "mega-cool" display improves his James Dean image and greatly increases his chances of getting the next mass of hippies with the best chicks . Finally, during the races, he meets the police (pigs) and spends the film under the blue American capitalist sky, seeking freedom? Or something like that. <br /> <br /> Antonion's predictable attack on capitalism is not only intellectually hollow, but has (or was not) something new to offer; it is the same old loser-lucky one-dimensional policeman, businessmen who are discussing business transactions (and what's wrong about it, not making Antonion films?) and endless TV commercials and billboards that advertise oh-morally decadent products to the scary, selfish and greedy right-wing migration population who do not think of anyone, but about themselves, their families, their work and their children. <br /> <br /> Papa Smurf Antonioni, like his long, Smurfs and Smurfs at the end of the 1960s did not notice the most striking and vital aspect of their stupid movement: they were allowed to make their ridiculous meetings and to express their opinions on freedom in this institution, while their students were the countries whose left systems they admired, did not (and are not yet). The greatest irony of hippies - and Antonion, of course - could not understand it (his assessment of what flew with cocaine and excessive consumption of LSD) - is that the hippies were waste of capitalism. This is incredible irony. Only in a successful capitalist system can this species be called "hippie"; corrupted, ungrateful and selfish bunch of middle and upper middle class losers. <br /> <br /> The film seems to be moving forever. Antonioni takes it along with his sweet time, adding to the pointlessness that is very blind. His aspirations for insignia are annoying and tricky. Her statements are, at best, very dubious. This film is Antonion's way of saying that a violent revolution is the solution. And that's what we get from an old, saturated, filthy rich, fat filmmaker living in villas and dining in the best French and Italian restaurants. <br /> <br /> I can't remember the great Western movie about the thousands of students in the Tiananmen massacre in China. But if one western student gets Che Guevara's face on all of our faces, we'll get ten major films right away. I think this means that Chinese life is worth a thousand times less than the West? at least to the left hypocrites who infect the movies. <br /> <br /> If you are a Marxist neo-hippie and did not like this terrible review, click "NO" below.
