This film is definitely a vision of its time and is viewed in any other context, it is an incredibly stupid film. Heck, even if it's in the right context, it's pretty bad! This is mostly due to a stupid plot and the famous Italian director Michelangelo Antonion. In this case, he tried to create a very artistic style film with anti-seal design, and managed to create only large proportional bombs. <br /> <br /> The film begins with a rap session with a lot of "so" students sitting around such "power to the people" and complaining to the "man". Considering most of these hippies, sending parents to college, it seemed that these privileged children complained so loudly and screaming at the revolutionary jargon. A little later, the violence between pupils and "pigs" breaks and the policeman is killed. Our "hero", Mark, may or may not have done so, but he is forced to run to avoid charges. Instead of going to Mexico or Canada, he does what only the general hero does - steals the plane and flies to the Mojave Desert! There he meets a random chick and then they sit around for hours on philosophy. They then have sex in any of the sexual scenes of cinema history. When they burn out of the dust, other couples without a big orgy are suddenly appearing. Although you can see a little skin (which allows R-rating), it is not as clear as it could have been. In fact, it lasts so long and it seems so choreographed that it simply attracts your mind. And, of course, when they're finished, many, many other couples disappear into thin air. <br /> <br /> Strange, later, the couple paints in the plane and looks like Peter Max's creation. Despite the improved look of the airplane, evil policemen return to their plane, shooting a nice revolutionary. When a girl discovers, she goes into a semi-catatonic state and the film ends with her seemingly imaginary destruction of her Fascist pig parents and all the evil they stand (like hard work and responsibility). Instead of a simple explosion, you see that the same big house explodes about 8 times. Then, inexplicably, you see TVs, refrigerators and other things that explode slowly. Although it is stupid, it's pretty cool to look at - like when David Letterman blows things up or breaks things up at his show. <br /> <br /> Apart from the cunning plot, the film has a strong unified pleasant character and extensive editing. At least 15 minutes can be easily removed - especially since there's not really a lot of plot or dialog. The bottom line is that it is an incredibly stupid movie and I wasn't surprised that it is listed in Harry Medved's "Fifty Worst Movie" book. This is a well-earned addition to this mess pantheon. For such a famous director to spend so much money to produce such a craptical movie, it's a crime! <br /> <br /> The last two observations. If you want to laugh at foolish hippie movies, try also BILLY JACK'S QUESTION. Also in the art that imitates life, Mark Frechette drove his character in real life. He died in prison at the age of 27 a couple of years after participating in the "Revolution", where he and some friends kidnapped the bank and killed an innocent person. Dang hippies!
