Preposterous sequel extends credibility to a great extent as the devilish sociopath Stanley Kaldwell returns this time to the infiltration of the film production novel he wrote in the garden drownings, assuming the identity of another unit director he was murdered. <br /> <br /> The film shouts fun in Hollywood, taking a language-in-cheek script captures tyrannical leaders sleeping with their actors (.. looking for a way up the ladder) and dislikes anyone who is challenging them to the spotlight. Brian Krause, whom I thought was terrible, moving the point where satire seemed incredibly forced, depicted a white, temperamental director who dislikes the fact that his second head of unit and scriptwriter Alison (... played by Dahlia Salem)) seems to have taken over production. Andrew Moxham is Paul Parsons, the brother of the first film victim. In this dark humor of the film, this time the idea is that a successive killer actually acts as a film director and uses it all for the worth. Nelson once again slips into his psychological role without any difficulty, Stanley is as smart as ever before, using his brain to control film production, killing everyone he needs to completely control his work, letting someone work. so that Alison understands who Stanley really is. Alison is a kind of ambitious writer who wants to capture the nature of his subject ... what motivated Stanley to kill him, why should he do that, and what brought such a man into this dark path? Alison's humor who actually works with this person is also part of this dark comedy in the thriller's heart. Of course, you will inevitably have a display between Alison and Stanley, which has a really ridiculous, incredible conclusion about the destiny of the killer (.. quite swallowed by pills). Unlike the first film that was photographed with sophisticated Poles, director Po-Chih Leong uses unnecessary techniques that are not needed (such as shooting strange angles of any kind, slowing down sepia color, and a number of cases that have been captured) and rather distracting the impression. This order, to me, was not as big as the original, a lot of humor was less effective and obvious.
