Need a lesson in pure, abstinence? Look beyond "lost kingdom wizards", exhausting, black, poor and shameful. As we all know, decent moan tends to germinate, terrible descendants: "Halloween" was a lot, a lot of bad 80s slipping; "Mad Max" was born a lot, a lot of bad 80's "futuristic wasteland fantasy"; and "Conan Barbarian" was born with a terrible, terrible, incredibly bad 80 swords and sorcery. "The Wizards of the Lost Kingdom" scratches the bottom of its 80th barrel, so it is really offensive to the barrels. A young runtime named Simon struck his "good kingdom" with a ghost witch, a gnome, a topless bimbo mermaid, and a tired look with Bo Svenson's help. Svenson ("North Dallas Forty", "Inglorious Bastards", "Delta Force"), a long-lasting b-moovie muscleman, barely sees his aluminum foil around his sword. However, he succeeds in defeating the forces of evil, consisting of the evil witch "Shurka" and his badly-feigned monsters, giants and dwarfs. At one point, a paper makhe bat on a strike attack, but it is eaten by a half-hidden socket that is mercilessly presented as a dragon. The beginning of the movie consists of what can be politely described as the bit of scenes from the floor of the udder's bad moov, which is put together in hopelessly hopeful setting of the scene of the film and which was utterly told by a man who never appears again. Words cannot pass on the falling cheapness of the jaw of this film; the producers probably used a mole mole that feeds Svenson's ever-expanding reed as its flick cheese color. And here we are talking about Brie, people ...: = 8P director Hector Olivera ("Barbarian Queen") presents this mish-mash in hopelessly confused, confused and clichés, destroying any clear, linear narrative hint. Action is terrible, the level of production under the shoe string and the plot is one of the tired eyes of another tired cliché before our tired eyes. Because they actually made a sequel (!!!), MooCow makes a brain twist. James Horner ("Braveheart", "Titanic", "The Rock") cheesy moosic from "Battle of the Stars" was lifted, shouted and struck, and tempted to this turkey - bet he would not jump on his CV. People, you have to believe it. MooCow says it is a cheap rental, if there's nothing else to look at, well, it's fun to be like a companion to dustbirds. Barely. : 8P
