What we have here is an excellent incompetence of the 80s, which even makes the master of the biggest trash bin completely speechless! "The Lost Kingdom Wizards" is a very cheap and cheesy fantasy / sword-and-sorcery adventure that has no real plot but lends the elements of other films with enthusiasm and shame. Writer Ed Naha and Hector Olivera (who?) Watched enough similar types of movies to find out that they needed a handful of important characters, but probably thought all the rest would be automatically. The fantasy adventure you need: one super-evil villain (preferably black), one young hero at school, one single warrior, one friendly furry pet, one wise wild living (optional) and a whole colorful collection of nervous demons, enslaved dwarfs and wings gargoyles that fill the filler. The story is phenomenal and as original as Simon, the young son of the magician, escapes from his beloved kingdom after the evil magician Shurka takes over and killed the king. Simon wants to go back and save people, but that is why he needs his powerful circle that he lost during his escape. Simon communicates with the lonely warrior Kor (usually the cool guy Bo Svenson, who clearly needs wage control) to assist Simon during a long and devastating journey full of trials, dangerous encounters, and magical showdowns. Indeed, it is not even too bad so far, but it is just because I excluded all the little details that were wrong. For example, Simon has the best friend named Gulfax. Gulfax is the Chewbacca albino version and creates uncontrollable smiles when he opens his bottle-snout to encourage something incomprehensible. Obstacles while staying at home are fun for the "plot" and simply act as a film to cover the lack of real content. Simon has a terrible vision in a nymph tent in the forest, Kor lives with a noble old-timer, whose sister he refused to marry, and is said to have a terrible "cave of suicide" where only one can sing. But the absolutely most unequally brilliant sequence? not only this movie alone, but the history of cinema? includes the resurrection of four zombie warriors. Simon wakes up with legendary bold warriors, hoping that they will help them in battle, but rotting corps will take only a few steps, complain about how tired they are and return to their graves. That's it! So much for a zombie block! Best Order! I can continue to list unwanted little details for several more sections, but you get that idea. "The Lost Kingdom Wizards" is a tremendously confusing "so bad, it's good" movie. Advice Word: Don't look at this joyful junk alone. Invite friends, preferably malignant types of humor, and see it in the group. Is this night memorable?
