From the beginning you know that it is more than Al-Adamson's film with Sam Sherman's film, as "A Sam Sherman Production" appears in capital letters as a credit. Not only that, Mr Sherman wrote the manuscript and it was his idea to use Bob Livingstone, a 69-year-old western star of the Hollywood era, to be his male leader in the picture Sherman thought. "Swinging Stewardesses" on recent success. <br /> <br /> Now, why would you want your male leader to be a wrinkled old man who should be a soft core? It violates the explanation, but that's for you, Sheriff Sherman. His obsession with old Hollywood colors painted many of his films for independent international images, and he and Al Adamson often tried to get their films (eg J. Carrol Naish, Russ Tamblyn, Lon Chaney Jr, etc.). . What about Bob Livingstone? Tell me that demographic demographics knew who this 40th-degree member was; it's ridiculous! But then again, "Naughty Stewardesses" was a successful image for them, so we can't just write it to Sherman's fiasco. However, according to any aesthetic standard, this is a confusing confusion. Al Adamson wanted out of this picture and it's easy to understand. First of all, it has no genre focus and it moves from the super soft core (only tits and ass / simulated sex) to the robber thriller (Steckler's Rat Pfink and Boo Boo tones!). Painfully boring intervention stewardesses traipsing around Vegas to hackneyed music by Sparrow, or Richard Smedley and Connie Hoffmann in a photo shoot in San Francisco. The worst thing is that we get Bob Livingstone like Jack LaLanne wannabe in blue jumping, trying to be sexy ... gag! (Luckily, his big sex scene was deleted by Connie Hoffmann, but you can hit him with special parts of the titles on your DVD. Dirty.) <br /> <br /> This is a terrible, terrible movie, but I'll give him Gary Graver three photography and Connie Hoffmann sympathy for having to do this "Wrinkles" with Livingstone. "Naughty Stewardess" is designed for Al Adamson graduates and / or exploitation film researchers, as Sam Sherman's commentary provides important insider information. All Others, SEE.
