This is the dilemma (above) that Debbie must stand at the end of Sam Sherman's production at Naughty Stewardesses. Debbie has just hit the city, become a stewardess, a sleeping elderly man (whom he describes in his 50s, but obviously hit the mark ten or two years ago). central element of the abduction / extortion plot. Through all this and in the midst of all this emotional worry and soul searching, what does the name Debbie in heaven do? Well, I can't give it up completely, but don't expect a real epiphany here. Let's face it. Naughty stewardesses are just what she wants to be (at least two-thirds out): a soft core porn movie with lots of topless women and funny in this 70's movie. There is no great art here. The purpose of the film was to earn money and use the increasing trend to put nymphomaniacal stewardesses in movies so that the audience could live their voyeuristic taste. According to today's standards, the film is pretty annoying. What this film does wrong is to try to be at the end of a film. C'mon, someone here believes that Debbie is a little cleric when living on the beach. He would spend more time choosing which solar panel to wear that day at that time. And what is a ridiculous plot to steal 50 big? Didn't it make sense for me to "dig" these symbols on the ground? Anyone who buys Cal as a PLO (something like that) or even a hardcore pornography director? She would be happy to get to work in Seven Eleven! This is, as another reviewer remarked, more about Sam Sherman's piece and Al Adamson's piece. You can tell when Al is fully charged. There is no budget and the film does not look almost as polished as it is. Adamson is doing a decent job this time and I have to give Sherman a credit. Although this film is only bad for what it was supposed to be, it has a certain style. I liked the credit for animation and photo opening. I even liked Sparrow music. "Silver Heels" was a somewhat memorable voice. The film doesn't look cheap at all. Compare it to every AL movie horror movie. As far as cast is concerned, Bob Livingston is a bit old for the lead, but his research also went on to look at the obvious yarn that young women attract with money. I had big problems with Robert Smedley, who was just terrible in his role. Girls have all the big sets, so what more were they asked for? The Naughty Stewardess is a relatively harmless film of the 70s, a capsule of the lifetime of certain life spheres of this decade. By the way, did I mention that this is a pretty bad picture?
