It seems that the people behind Envis realize that the last comedies - especially those related to Ben Stiller and to a lesser extent Jack Black - have been spells of the situation that have constantly diminished in originality and are generally laughing. I found that Zoolander was completely fun when it appeared, Starsky and Hutch were also enjoyable, and then Dodgeball kept smiles for many people, although I was personally too tired of the general characters - especially if the scenario was not quite funny (maybe Dodgeball- the comedy of the tournament does not really translate to Australia, where it is rarely played). So, trying to do something a little bit more original, Envy moves away from the absurd scenario and instead turns around the absurd creation of Jack Black's character (I don't violate what's going on for the movie). The problem is that the film seems to be dragging, I am not a big enough movie buffer to imagine the examples, but it seems that this structure has been made thousands of times before - and very rarely. So instead of a nice, crisp, enjoyable and fresh comedy, you get a movie that just seems to be moving through. Of course, the movements can be quite entertaining and they are focused on an idea that is nice enough to offer some laugh - especially for Jack Black, who is excited and entertaining, though a bit 2D, creator. On the other hand, Ben Stiller seems a bit lost, he is asked to play a more perfect role than his ridiculous characters in his Zooland film, but he fights as a family member, be it his guilt or scripts, doesn't have enough depth of character and the result is Ben Stiller, who makes these typical motifs and is generally annoying. The performance does not leave an impression on the viewer (he is just Ben Stiller, Jack Black can actually represent a character - though not complicated). The last annoying element of the film is Christopher Walken's role in The J Man, which is about as typical and two-dimensional as the characters come, and of course it becomes very monotonous and depressing. <br /> <br /> It's really not as intolerable as some people would have thought, it's traceable, especially if you're in the right mood (feeling that this movie is a good prerequisite). Rent it on a film night with your friends and watch it after you have watched a scary movie and feel something light - hopefully you will be too painful then. In this scenario, I can imagine that it would be quite enjoyable, but in general it makes too little laugh to wear and usually just drag.
