I admit that you like many "frat-pack" movies. No matter how bad they are, I find something like Ben Stiller or Owen Wilson or Vince Vaughn or Will Ferrell or Jack Black. But "Envy" just left me as cold as the white horse Ben destroyed. This time it is Ben and Jack Black as a few walnut neighbors, one of whom (black) discovers an aerosol spray to disappear and become incredibly wealthy while the other (Stiller) is angry with envy. This is said to be a plot, but then it moves in other directions, which doesn't really make much sense. <br /> <br /> I think the Vapoorize thing is interesting at first. The problem is that they try to keep the whole picture (the black has a license plate, which is “Caca King”) and it becomes quite tiring. But even Ben and Jack are badly used; the energy level of both performances looks remarkable. The two best performances are Rachel Weisz and Chris Walken. Walken's neo-hippie-dippie boy is so amazing and so well-modulated that it will never give any sign of Walken's other familiar nuts. It is completely unique, but faced so unmistakably with Walken. And Weisz talks about the best actor in this business that no one knows. Even during a limited screen, it still dominates every scene. <br /> <br /> The core of all so-called drama is that Ben jealously drives a white slave in a jealous stupor, and then goes to ridiculous lengths to cover it, fearing that his best friend will find out and cut him dead. But the twisting of the plot is not plausible, because there is nothing about Jack's character to show that he is doing such a thing. He's playing so cute boy that makes the whole scary horse empty. You can get it down. It's all filler. And what is the idea of ​​an uncontrolled merry-round, except that Barry Levinson wants us to know he's seen "strangers on the train"? The scenario is painfully bad and the behavior of these two leaders is poorly targeted. Someone with a Levinson experience should know better. Maybe somebody will invent something to lose this movie. Wait, wait, they already have.
