Jack Frost, no kids, is not a warm-hearted family film of a father who comes back from the dead as a snowman. It's about a sadistic killer named Jack Frost, who is sprayed with some acidic liquid and is a rebel snowman. I happened to have a copy of this movie so I could sit and laugh. Killer Snow Man? Ha, the perfect comedy / horror movie! Well I was wrong, very wrong. <br /> <br /> Jack Frost is about a killer who is transported to the prison by truck so he can be fucked at night. But it is a snowy evening and it collides with a government tanker with a new DNA fluid. Jack only flees to burn the killer to kill the acid and morphide. He returns to the small town of Snowmonton, where he was caught with a small sheriff. Here he is ready to kill again, now as a cooler with cooler powers. It can condense into water, shoot ice cycles like spears and grow killer fangs. The only question is who can stop Frost? This movie is lower than the typical B-Movie line. The movies start cheesy, but as soon as Jack is burnt with acid, it quickly falls under the cheese and gets flat. One action is terrible! Here we have a whole host of unheard of actors who are either unable to act, act but are pointless or are just a few extra bucks. The only good actor is Scott MacDonald, who plays Jack. She looks like young Richard Kiel with Frankenstein. Unfortunately, his appearance has only shrunk for three minutes, and all we ever see is his new snowman's shape and his clever bad voice. In addition, his wisecracks are nothing more than funny. Glowing, stupid and bad. <br /> <br /> The plot is terrible! There have been many murderers throughout history. Killer in hockey mask, killer with shaving gloves, chained chain saw, fast Bernard, but now we're getting a sticky killer snowman? Ah now! And how the characters are introduced is terrible. Because I really wanted Jack to kill the sheriff's son, thinking they would give his father an oat antifreeze so they didn't freeze? All characters are stupid and pointless, and deaths are a comic. One woman who strangled the Christmas light and has her head-torn decoration box and the girl is pressed into the shower (where is the carrot in this scene?). <br /> <br /> And on top of this horrible movie there are special effects. The first big special effect that we have is the DNA that mixes with Jack's snow and the boy is terrible. I mean, it looks like a 60 year fashion fashion, PU! Jack also looks fake. He looks like a man covered with a rubber snowman. Whole blood and gore are cheesy and the film never rises to greatness, but rather falls to a low level. <br /> <br /> Jack Frost is one of the worst ever made movies. I thought it would be a riot, but not! It's not trying to be funny and actually trying to be scary. Jack Frost gets out of 4 out of 10, at least it made me laugh at its horror. Don't even bother with this trash. Jack Frost = D +
