I say in this row that I think I have never seen Hal Hartley's movie to date. It's not that I haven't heard of him because he was considered one of those little NY filmmakers (when I say I think even smaller than Jim Jarmusch) who made very personal projects with a limited budget. Ironically, as with Pasolini Salo, Fay Grim, in a somewhat different context, can see that some of Hartley's recognized qualities are seen, as it seems to be somewhat similar to talents, as Hartley * can be a very good filmmaker who can be so good that he just took a great experimental error. On the other hand, he may just be somebody who has been impressed by his own distinctive cinematographic collisions like Godard. <br /> <br /> I can't quite explain what may or may not be a problem, I think, but it is not really due to not seeing a movie that preceded Fay Grim, Henry Fool. I think that even if I had this experience, it wouldn't be too big a difference based on the end results. There is a lot of international espionage, a double plot surrounded by another that has fallen through the character of the title by fake pockets played in parallel by Parker Posey (not sure if it's good or bad, maybe both), and including the CIA operative (Jeff Goldblum, like a regular solid presence in the middle of mania, even laughing), not to mention an orgy-laden picture box and author Henry Fool. It's not that the script is completely impenetrable, but it goes a long way beyond the expanded loopholes because of some funny or strange dialogues. <br /> <br /> Just, the direction just sucks. Harltey is in love with the Third Man, which is good, but he consistently puts the head-inducing style all that is angled at an angle, with characters being equally strange in the frame. Not from Battlefield Earth, is the director so annoying to try to make unnecessary choices? for that. This, together with the mad wannabe Godard title cards, pairing here and there, some amusing and some just completely foolish, and the assembly segmenting all the more in the frames, and a few moments that point to an action that almost resembles Edi Wood, undermines some of the script's potential that is already quite difficult to decipher. In a sense, it is interesting to see how bad it all goes, but the sort of enchanting aspect to see what is the creative creative complete creative control of creativity. <br /> <br /> Let it be known: you may not come across an unpleasant example of making American independent films this year.
