WARNING: REVIEW WITH SHORT SPOILERS <br /> <br /> There is a parallel universe with 60 seconds of dark, sharp and controversial independent film. Unfortunately, this dimension is Gone ... is a flashy, empty, testosterone-burned moronfest starring Nicolas Cage. fifty expensive cars, only one of which is a disorder. This team consists of a guy whose funny shaped ears are the new Superman; a man who led electricity in X-Files; former professional footballer and two symbolic black men. thing after Daphne Fraser. There's also Angelina Jolie who doesn't get the character; Save to be a male sexual desire container. He and Cage should be old flames that are strange because they never have a normal conversation in all the longer 135m running times of the movie. <br /> <br /> In fact, characterization is so bad that there is always a "moment" for someone to play in the background to emphasize "emotions". It's not a spoiler to reveal that Vinnie Jones (who restores his famous "Paul Gasgoine" handball "maneuver and is quietly dangerous) gets only one line; not because his inability to speak is an integral part of the plot, but because his adorable summing up of the dubious morale of the film after being silenced all the way is funny. Allegedly. After he struggles with his "non-acting, but-it-do" London pull, "I always thought you were from Long Island". My ribs, as you might imagine, were well and truly decayed. <br /> <br /> In fact, humor is the most advanced aspect, from tactical comedy police to two symbolic black characters. It looks like Hollywood's greatest aspect; Why is it that a black man cannot appear on a big film without being constantly aware of his skin tone and referring to it endlessly? A younger man, like a parent, speaks for the entire duration, says: "We don't like the cold people ... we're tropical people." He then expresses the desire to smoke and look at the roots. Of course, he parodies the image of black people, but how funny is it? Her older colleague cannot speak without referring to her and hence her color in a third person. "My black ass" is "my black ass". Does anyone know the black people who are actually talking about it? Think not. <br /> <br /> The soundtrack of the movie is played almost non-stop and with increasing volume, some stories - especially Apollo 440 'Don't Stop The Rock' - so loud that they actually sound more than sound effects and dialogue. The surrounding system even separates these two levels, which makes them two different films. The background music concept is not here, it's the phonetic equivalent of watching a movie, while the back of the movie has its own stereo. "Keep it under the music, young man!" <br /> <br /> It is not the worst film in the world and I had it in many ways. It's just that it's predictable, lazy, and witless, with minimal effort in building it. Obviously, this film has significantly lower office expectations. After several years of powerless spunk, it seems that the public is beginning to wake up to this fact.
