This film should be shown to film school students as an example of what not to do. The original was kicked by some big tire blasting bumps, this terrible catastrophe shattering the main rule of Bruckheimer's films: we all know they are sucking, but they have a great deal of action. This movie doesn't work. This movie is OFF. Where are the cars? Where's the chase? Where's the tension? Where's the Spot? Where is it fast? Where! ?? It's not a movie at all, it's a bad commercial. 50 cars in 24 hours? It is wrong. They have 3 days to steal them, the ad is wrong. How bad is it? The wires are rigid, wooden and forced. The criminal, the cop, the others ... who care. They speak their pointless lines, they serve an illogical plot. They donate the best opportunities through this, because the director of the music video says, "don't worry that we will make a lot of quick cuts and no one will notice how bad the movie is" or "we'll fix that much loud music" "script" is not a script at all is a list of clichés, the end of which is the whole ripoff: ------- Warning - possible spoiler ------ 5 ------ 4 ----- 3 ----- 2 - --- 1 ------ Fugitive. The biggest crime of all is Vinnie Jones, a human being. It's the worst, coolest mofo from Julesist Pulp Fiction. And what do they do? They're making him a rescue who's barely in the movie! Make Vinnie's main villain and she could have recorded the movie. How could they be so stupid? How? How? Why? The original movie is a fun trick at the end that takes the driver away. The original is a great 40-minute chase that offers! Go to the original. Or, if you want to rent a real car chase activity to RONIN. Ronin's moves raised the bar, which now evaluates all other car rides. Bruckheimer and Cage had all this money, all of these resources, all this experience, and they can't even match the $ 250,000 movie made 25 years ago? How is that? You feel you're hanging after seeing the movie. Where I was once excited to see Coyote's ugly, remember Titans and Pearl Harbor, now I say: God helps us all. <br /> <br />
