When the Atlantis makers say something in this film, the subject (literally) drowned with the emphasis on "special effects". Almost as if we were trying to block "summer" with the rest of our summer activities, Disney has created a character, movie, and message approach to Star Wars' shoot -em-up. stereotypes of heroes and rogues. <br /> <br /> Art is a cartoon, and manufacturers think they can rely on computer-based imagery (CGI) of a ship's fishing boats and submarines to fill the gap. They are wrong, and the days of beautiful, hand-crafted animations fly quickly from the window to the CGI interface. <br /> <br /> This movie is the whole spectacle without heart. Sometimes the movie is almost a good, worthy movie, but it is disappointing to miss this brand many times so that it doesn't talk about meaningful things and instead of going with the glitz. <br /> <br /> Another problem with film is pace. It starts to create confusion and then begins with a dirty story with editing styles that have not been rated. The viewer is rushed from door to door with Milo Thatch (Michael J. Fox has expressed it well) and thinks: "Gee must have a huge amount of things that happen when we get to Atlantis". Unfortunately, not much happens. The secret of Atlantis remains secret when the readers do not really know how to explain the legendary island / continent. They are afraid to say where Atlantis is even a fictional story. Is it in the Atlantic? Is it in the Mediterranean? Who knows? Nothing is hypothesized even purely based on fantasy. The viewer leaves the theater, asking himself, "What was that? What was the idea of ​​the movie? Why didn't the survivors remember Atlantis how to read how many of them lived through the disaster" for the current "day? And why did Atlantis fall?" what they saw. Nothing has left to think or grinder ... except for losing money in your wallet. <br /> <br /> Characters and their motivation are equally inconceivable. From the eccentric zillionist who founded the expedition with the apparently more money that existed on the planet in 1914, Kida and VOLUNTARILY enter their (spoiler) collective consciousness dessert! The team is a collection of peculiar, two-dimensional anachronistic people (1914) P.C. race and sex. Demolition experts talk like Warner Brothers' Bugs Bunny. Most jokes are single liners that the audience has largely missed for two reasons: they are delivered at lightning speed and usually mumbled. It is hard to believe how these supporters make moral inversion at the end of the movie. <br /> <br /> While we praise Disney for trying to create adult animated movies - and this is Disney's first cute, talking animals or items - it doesn't make the transition. Younger children are frightened by some action scenes and remain blinded by a large number of subtitles (when characters speak in Atlantis). In the first five minutes of the expedition, about 200 people are killed without a second thought. Apparently, Disney thinks that if you don't know who these people were, why should you care? Again, the film has no feelings at any level. <br /> <br /> Mulan and Tarzan were the latest animated films produced by Disney, which were made very well. Unfortunately, Atlantis recalls those unsuccessful attempts in the past, such as Black Cauldron and Notre Dame Hunchback. Disney must return to its roots. Peter's queue will come out soon, but never know what the results are until you see it yourself. And now that Disney has discovered Science Fiction, they hope they understand that this genre must have more than a spectacle. We also hope that the forthcoming "Treasure Planet", which is Robert L. Stevenson's "Treasure Island" sci-fi adaptation, is more heartbreaking than the unthinkable "Atlantis: The Lost Empire".
