I thought "What's New in Scooby-Doo" was pretty bad (yes, I'm sorry to say I didn't like it) because Hanna-Barbera didn't bring it and it stepped into the old series drastically. When I heard "Shaggy and Scooby-Doo Get Clue," I thought it might be better. But when I saw a picture of how Scooby and Shaggy appeared, I knew this exhibition was bad, if not worse. I watched a few episodes and believe me, it's just another "Teen Titans" or "Loonatics Unleashed" - wannabe. No longer is Scooby and Shaggy opposed to people who wear cool, horrible monsters that rob banks. Now they go after a typical super-villain who wants to destroy the world. Shaggy and Scooby-Doo have also become bolder. Also, since Shaggy is NOT a vegetarian in this series, Casey Kasem (actually a vegetarian), Shaggyi's original voice, DOES NOT WORK on Shaggyi. He sounds only Shaggyi when he does not eat meat, and it was just a stupid change made by the company to renew the franchise, as if the internet jokes were not enough. So Scott Menville (formerly called Red Herring "A Pup Named Scooby-Doo") sounds like Shaggy here. Believe me, the voice is really very bad! This makes Shaggy sound like a 10-year-old, and I have to agree that the voice definitely matches her new ugly look. But Kasem RECALLS Shaggy's Uncle Albert, which is kind of good. In contrast, Scooby-Doo does not see it well. He seems to have been designed to look more like CGI's Scooby-Doo live movies. Also Scooby Frank Welker's voice (what should I mention Brain Dog again?) Has not yet improved. Robob butler, Robi is practically worse than Scrappy-Doo! He tries to be funny and makes "comic" impressions and gives safety tips ("Remember children, don't stop during the thunderstorms during the thunderstorm!"), But it just doesn't fit into the Scooby-Doo comic. Here too, Hanna-Barbera's sound effects are rarely used. However, in one episode of "Lightning Strikes Twice", they use "Castle thunder" thunderclaps at the time, almost extensively! (Though they still use the newly-recorded thunder effects.) Scooby-Doo has not used Castle thunder sound effects since 1991. Doo Get Clue, "DO NOT use it for direct video or even" What's New Scooby-Doo! "(The two WNSD episodes used it, and unfortunately it is not enough.) When WNSD and DTV films used it, they might be better than this funny cartoon. On the day the show was premiered, I watched the first episode and it was so bad as I did I turned off after five minutes! To get out of this poor show, I rented "Scooby-Doo, Pirates Ahoy!" which appeared at the same time. And you know what? "Pirates Ahoy" movie was actually better than "Shaggy and Scooby-Doo Get Clue "(and even better than" New, Scooby-Doo! ") And it seems that the new shapes that are not characters are persistent to franchise. But did you love or hated "What is the new Scooby-Doo," I don't recommend it, but if you hate the old series, you love it! (Oh God, I hope the old Scooby-Doo comic will be better than the new one $ # *%!) Anyway, like the WNSD, it's a very bad addition to the Scooby canon.
