Scooby Doo is undoubtedly one of the simplest, most successful and beloved cartoons. So what happens if you've been everywhere and done everything with the formula? Do you turn it right? Wrong. You stop production and let it rest for ten years and then run it again, keeping your core of success intact. This means you mostly stay in the formula, but add to your taste. That's why "What's New Scooby Doo" was working for, they want to return to the classic Scooby Doo formula, which was successfully rebuilt ten years earlier "Pup named Scooby Doo," but mostly it wasn't originally used "Scooby Doo you are". <br /> <br /> The first sign (me) about weak bidding is adding foreign characters; there may be some pleasant memories of past iteration, but generally if you think "Scooby Doo" you don't think about Film-Flam, Scrappy Dool or Scooby Dum. Worse still, the omission of other core members of "Mystery Inc" generally shows a group of manufacturers who do not understand how the exhibitions work from the children's point of view. The main prerequisite has always been a group of people who are opposed to each other and their individual, stereotypical qualities can overcome the tasks at hand. <br /> <br /> This next paragraph is just my theoretical. if you want: I hope I can explain why I think communicating with the main elements of the exhibition is detrimental to my interpretation of what the gang represents and how they contribute as a whole; Fred represents the leader, I think in general that Fred's goal is to give the group direction, organization and sub-tasks. Fred is not a happy teenager, he is your boss, your teacher, your father, your agency. Fred moves without hesitation and is guided by tasks (the problem is always equal to Fred's solution). In many ways, Fred Shaggyi is the opposite. Shaggy is your best friend, this guy who's just a little more fear than you are, allows you to be brave not to be in the back of the pack. Shaggy represents emotions and often shows emotional extremism from fear to fear. Velma represents rational thinking, he applies logic, but as we see again and again, he requires clues that most other members of the exhibition collect. Leaving by itself would solve the mystery of Velma? The group often finds situations where the truth is not obvious and only through random meetings they get the information they need to perform their task, the case is represented by Daphne. At one point (I think this is the first Scooby Doo series) he was known as a "dangerous tendency". Writers have used Daphne to associate related events with accidents. He is often the one who finds a secret door, collecting items, or some other piece that helps gang the link. Finally, Scooby himself represents the participant. He is always at the heart of events that is capable of anything that the rest of the gang is capable of, but is disabled because he is neither human nor similar to us, the television viewer cannot really participate. Scooby Doo works because all these personalized problem solving elements are immediately recognizable and entertaining. <br /> <br /> Maybe I'm thinking, but in my life I've seen a lot of Scooby Doot (being a 30-year-old self-proclaimed nerd, it's rolls with territory). For me, magic is a classical "Scooby Doo" formula that must never be confused. <br /> <br /> As many have pointed out; Scooby Doo is not an excellent work of art and is not completely tritized, it is a programming category that young eyes can watch with a hearty breakfast. Dirty simplicity makes it something less than anything else.
