Darcy and his young daughter Pamela go to a country where his mother's son, Peter, left his doctor's office in the city to become a writer and a bed and breakfast inn. Although this inn is a terrible past, and Pamela is learning from a girl living in the city, this house is home to a deformed witch. They called her "tooth manager" because she killed the children after the last baby tooth. This work at the inn has aroused a tooth fairy. Now she has her sights on Pamela and her last baby tooth, but when someone gets into the same fate that Pamel is waiting for. <br /> <br /> This flick's old folk myth of 'Tooth Fairy' t paint her very generously, as you would believe when you are a child. Don't they just love the memories of happy childhood as horror! The second, belonging to the same category, was "Darkness Falls (2003)". I can't compare how similar they are to the rooms, because I haven't seen the last one, but I read mostly that they are basically the same idea. With a slightly straight DVD movie, this DTV quest looks good and has some promising images that surround the meaningless and traditionally book image device. Low expectations are necessary because I would not have classified it as successful, but I found it to be somewhat fun. completely empty, tilting towards the vehicle more than anything supernatural. The stupid way is to describe what is going on in this badly written story, but it never feels like a fairy tale. Dialogues may seem rather superfluous and morally hounded. While acting actresses are just gentle characters, they have to work, but the director Chuck Bowman offers some ingenious blood sprays and terribly disgusting. It leaves the absence of a break, a zero fear, and a lack of general tone. His direction is reasonably serious and visually capable, where he gets the light of a pleasant atmosphere that is well contrasted with his slippery photography. The promising opening plan is very effective. His tempo may slow down in parts, and there is an odd and unnecessary slow motion scene, but nevertheless it never becomes too active to ensure I'm not bored. <br /> <br /> The make-up special effects offered goods because there is a sufficiently repellent comb and the appearance of Tooth Fairy is particularly slippery. A tooth fairy figure may seem threatening, bubbling and moving fast in her black clothes. Leaving the place will naturally help you feel and get an atmosphere rich in atmosphere. Children's actors may be incredibly annoying, but Nicole Muñoz was decent with him. Lochlyn Munro and Chandra West are somewhat strong but may be somewhat too causal in their performance in St Petersburg and Darcey. Quickly proud Carrie Anne Fleming is one of their tenants. PJ Soles shows a small part of a supernatural neighbor who is trying to warn them of the evil that is at the inn. <br /> <br /> I thought it was a good time, with a good concept that was just not well developed and the stuff is pretty textbook stuff. Trackable mess, but at the same time very forgotten.
