Tooth Fairy is located in a small town in Northern California, where Peter Campbell (Lochlyn Munro) has brought a farm that he renovates and plans to turn into a holiday home. He has joined his friend Darcy Wagner (Chandra West) & his young 12-year-old daughter Pamela (Nicole Munoz) who is coming to help out for the weekend. When studying real estate, Pamela meets another young girl, Emma (Jianna Ballard), who warns her that her new home is bad, she tells a story of an evil old witch known as a toothbrush who takes her child's teeth from children and then kills children. Pamela is worried and even more so when she falls off her bicycle and her last baby's tooth falls out, it won't be long before the toothpaste evil has eyes on Pamela's teeth and just when she decides to kill someone she's Director Chuck Bowman I thought that Tooth Fairy was just one poor straight video with a low budget horror movie that doesn't differ from countless other litter video store shelves and fill up late night hidden cable TV schedules, basically it's not very good. Producer Stephen J. Cannell, Corey Strode & Cookie Rae Brown Script is a full punching of the first 40 odd minutes, but during this time, nothing will be of great interest and it is basically a dull exposure as if this stuff was going to surprise anyone. It introduces the character, makes the Tooth Fairy legend, and that is the case. The other side of the movie improves a little, but even then it's hardly a remarkable stuff, there are some decent drilled scenes, but besides, it's all very predictable and forgotten. The characters are not big and most of them are purely killed there, the story is contradictory as yourself to Tooth Fairy, he says he kills children after they give him his baby teeth, so he goes on indiscriminate killing, which is not related to teeth? What happened to him after the 1949 prologue? Why is he like a ghost? Despite having some kind of ghost, she seems to be a very person who has to open doors and use weapons to kill people, not to try to use supernatural elements, except ghostly children played for maximum mood. <br /> <br /> Director Bowman does it well, it's well done well, and there are a couple of decent scenes, but nothing to get excited about. There is nothing here to describe here as scary or atmospheric, and do not notice any comparison of this & Darkness Falls (2003) because, apart from teeth, they are quite different. Gore is OK, somebody is cut into a wood-burning machine, there is a break, someone is a cut and the best scene of his penis when someone is nailed to the door and then their stomach is hacked with an open ax and their gut. <br /> <br /> If the estimated budget is about $ 1,500,000, the tooth fairy is generally well done, but here's nothing special. Action is not great, but it is not too bad and unusually I did not find the child's actors who are annoying, so I think it's something ordinary. The straight-video-horror price that seems everywhere these days when you find cheap copies, it can go through 90 few minutes if your not too demanding, otherwise it's pretty bad and forgotten.
