I should have known when I watched a video store box and saw Lisa Raye - for me she was Ernie Hudson A.K.A. "Le Kiss of Death" * ANY * film. Its almost * guaranteed * movie is bad (eg Congo) when Hudson is in it (except Ghostbusters films that were deliberately campy and bad). Despite my instincts and the fact that I just saw a civilian brand, another movie "tour de force" that played Lisa Ray, I rented it nonetheless. After all, I ignored my "Hudson instinct" in OZ and found myself watching a very high quality series, so I thought I'd give it a chance. <br /> <br /> If you are a lover of bad movies, it is for sure to see! It must be the most unintentionally funny movie I've seen quietly. The plot is quite simple: The sister of Racheal (Monica Calhoun) kills the band of brigades (Led by Bobby Brown!) And, like many of the films before that, she steals her weapons with ONE LAST TIME and promises to apologize for her sister's death. To do this, he often brings together a gang of roses (supposedly based on the true story of a woman's gang), and they go out and exactly revenge and along the way, there is a sub-block or something or something else or something that can be buried with gold. in the city. One nice thing I am talking about about this movie is that what I can say the stars did for their riding and they saw great galloping. <br /> <br /> Funnier (Albiet Unintentionally Funny) Scenes? Look for when they introduce the character of Stacy Dash or if Calhoun's character cancels his promise that he will not leave his weapons (full of nervous crying in the sky) or Lil 'Kim's character that kills Lisa Raye's character or Stacy Dash character's killing or Lil "The character of Kimi is convincing Lisa Raye's character to retreat to the gang or Asian Chick or Macy Gray's character" Debt is paid ", etc. I don't even remember the left eye of Calhoun Racheal and Bobby Brown. much if they were put into use. <br /> <br /> If the director had gone to parody and a wide comedy, it would have been a great movie. Unfortunately, he is trying to feel it seriously without first having exposure, sound design ( Hip-Hop is very hard to work with in the defense of the period), set design, script writing, or historical research (was it for me or were the cleanest people whose parents west usually, when I see a movie that is not so good, I ask myself, "Could you have done better?" This is the first time in a long time when the answer is unambiguous "YES!"
