Why would anyone want to see it?! If it was a teenage movie posted on YouTube, I could have earned so much praise with my mommy video camera. Maybe I would also congratulate his family and friends for the good work. Unfortunately, it was a very experienced filmmaker and they were probably professional actors - it made it a very sad film. Sad ... and actually very pathetic. As I said, it is directly made when watching the video. It also has narration and action that simply cries out "unprofessional" - how could it be? The film is full of many corpses and blood. It would normally turn me off completely, because I hate ultra-violent movies and don't like to see what the gore is. However, given that none of them is so realistic, it is tolerable. But I should warn you that there are some scenes that are still quite disturbing. For example, a scene where a child throws a radio into a woman's bath and looks at her naked and roasted is pretty bad. There are also scenes where you can hear psychos thinking when they fantasize about killing women. What level of expertise is quite terrible. the people who wrote it are pretty sick - as the killing of women is meant for our entertainment. <br /> <br /> After some pointless murders, the movie goes to the dining room table around which there are a bunch of games with black hoods without eye openings! They are proud of all the murders they have committed and sang. It's all very funny, though I'm not sure it was the purpose of the scene. <br /> <br /> The film then talks about various sexual crimes and killings, and even vampirism and cannibalism. Why, I don't know - maybe because people made it so messy. And again, you can see and hear the fun and thoughtful actions of German-looking men watching and killing people. By the way, given that the film was used, what I have to assume by professional actors, I was wondering why so many people were clearly Germans. Although they tried to act like Americans and the film was supposed to be in California, the accents are STRONG. Perhaps the German viewers looked at it and wondered how "realistic" works, but it is obvious to any American that these people are not their companions. Given that it really was a Zodiac killer (who was never detained), I wonder why anyone would want to make a "fan movie" kind of sick threat? I mean ... did this film mean snuff for a movie? I don't see anyone else who would like to see or enjoy it. Actually, I don't know what motivates anyone to make such a stupid and offensive movie?! Irrelevant and worthy of being on the bottom 100 list of IMDb.
