Well, as the Goethe once said, there really is no point in trying to give a negative decision that seeks to be an objective "something that has had a great impact". "La Maman et La Putain" has definitely gone into history, as it affects a large part of what has been done in France and elsewhere over the last thirty years, and anyone interested in the history of the film should not be seen. However, to express a purely subjective judgment, I feel compelled to disagree with almost every other review published here and tell people, "Don't look at it, it's a time that leaves you feeling sick and angry rather." And that's why I don't mean "sick and angry" about the "human situation" or something such a general and profound one, because that's exactly what most critics have taken to the film for the perfect praise - "an attempt to keep track of our merciless departure of our emotional cowardice and cruelty" and so on - and if it really succeeded in transmitting such a universal or even broadly relevant message, the director would have a good reason to be satisfied, but his conclusions are pessimistic. The beef in my film is rather that I do not see this record of empty vanity and tiny betrayal when I justify or apologize for the message at all. All three main characters are deeply morally unlikely persons: Alexandre is of course the greatest, because we see him most by far and he rarely interrupts more than thirty seconds; Marie may be the least, because we see her the least. Alexandre-influenced and pretentious monologues have of course an entertaining value, but the amusement is thin because it is increasingly clear that Jean-Pierre Léaud is probably not even acting and with absurd remarks like "un tomorrow" Beau comme and film de Nicholas Ray, he really reproduced literally opinions that had been recognized as authentic and profound in the environment in which he and his director Eustache had lived for about ten years, when I made a film of 100% of the film's relentlessness. Sardonian comedy from a particularly low, worthless and despicable post-68 milieu, but this viewer, who was at least angry with the director, gave Alexandre and Veronica at least one long scene, where we probably expect them to know and feel they would share If a person can live in an apartment and live Loving one woman, sleeping (mostly in this very apartment) for another and running around Paris, offering a third for marriage, then I think I can wish her a happy dog ​​in the dog world she has chosen for her. However, I cannot hear for all the consciences, even for a moment, his maudlin monologues, in which he speaks of his "anxiety" and his "despair". The same is true of the more despicable Veronika, to whom we have shown that they drink into a drunken apartment and even Marie and Alexandre's shared bed and behave there with the contradictions of young children, which are equivalent to the harshest and most heartless cruelty. As I say, "La Maman et La Putain" is nothing more than a portrait of Alexandre, Veronika and Marie, three individuals who would never be allowed to talk about their home in any company, even a half-decent person, I think There is some legitimacy in the glorification of the director as "insecure" (although why should we even feel "flinching" when someone has consciously decided to create such profoundly repelling characters to shoot what I can't imagine). The problem, however, is that the director is clearly convinced - and seems to have persuaded the generations of critics - that Alexander, Veronika and Marie are somehow human representatives in general and the limits of people's emotional abilities. But this last idea is an arrant and an insulting mess. The general and sexual relations of human relationships can indeed be a tragedy and tragedy. However, the nature and extent of this tendency to fraud and tragedy can only be determined by people who make sincere and serious efforts for such relationships. Certainly, there is no need for a cinematic or autistic gene to convey to us that a man who behaves like Alexandre will eventually hate, unhappy and alone, or that women who require a man like Alexandre will end up frustrated and bitter. See "La Maman et La Putain" if you are historically interested in what has gone on in cultural and human interaction in a particular post-Christian milieu in Paris, which apparently was not limited to just a few antisocial types, like them. But please do not make a mistake if you think that what is stored here has a general meaning for mankind so that the film by Jean Renoir or Martin Scorsese can be claimed.
