It's just the worst movie I've ever seen. I'm not exaggerated, I told Blockbuster that they should take it off the shelf. The only thing interesting about this movie is the box. In the cell he says about "boogeyman director", I thought ... whatever it was recently, I'm sure at least management is not too bad: - but after I saw the movie and watched what "boogeyman" they say is a little meaningless since the early 1980s. A great way to entice unsuspecting viewers. <br /> <br /> ANYWAY, I think they just liked the "Zodiac Killer" and didn't bother to investigate any actual Zodiac crime or his MO or even years when he was active. All the crimes they talk about have nothing to do with Zodiac, and "stories" about the original Zodiac take place several years after the actual crimes of Zodiac. They also compare the Zodiac to the "Düsseldorf vampire" Fritz Haarman throughout the film and speak Fritz's "son" quite often. Zodiac and Haarman were not the same, and it makes more sense to compare him to the BTK, who also shot people, not a man who killed people through their dolls in chews. None of Haarman's facts is right, but a bunch of confusion. His son even says, "Don't forget his name was Fritz Haarman with 2 t" ... His real name is just one! I think the writer / director just wrote in Google to find successive killers and the fastest came Zodiac Killer and Fritz Haarman. "Oh, those who seem like cool names, we'll make a movie about them without any external research! Great idea!" <br /> <br /> Perhaps my favorite contradiction in this movie is how both the expert and the young killer describe the suffering of DSM-IV and treat it. "I had also been diagnosed with DSM-IV and recovered since then" and so on. For those who do not know, the DSM-IV is a psychological handbook for mental disorders. If someone suffers from the book itself, they must have some serious problems! Haha. <br /> <br /> Anyway, my idea is that it goes to the bottom of all five of the worst films, and it's rare that the movie comes to that. But if you are interested in watching a completely non-actual story about serial numbers that are nothing but boring, full of inexperienced actors and not entirely rational, I'd say you watch this movie. <br /> ... Oh, and I liked how the killer "tore" some of his victims with dry ice. Nice ...
