First of all, I would like to point out that the reason I gave out this 1 star 10 of this movie is that there is no way to give it the stars! it's really so bad! I never wanted to see this movie after I saw this ad, I only saw it accidentally, because some of my friends got tickets and had one margin so I noted. Before seeing it, I had a pretty good idea that it wouldn't be a genius - the premise seemed too silly and stupid to get out of it, but I thought behind my thought, "but something must be good for UMA THURMAN and Luke Wilson on the film. . "that I don't think either of them is particularly horrible, but they are big stars who usually make films that increase their reputation. But in about 10 to 20 minutes I realized that this film was probably worse than I had initially expected. I was shocked when the script was terrible. It really gave the participants something to work with, so they really saw how they didn't know what they were doing (especially Luke Wilson). The story was completely predictable - once you've seen the ad, you've seen a lot of the movie! And there was nothing original about it - it borrows pretty much every "super-hero" story that has ever been, which would be acceptable if the movie was created as a satire of this genre, but unfortunately it wasn't. The direction seemed realistic. I had the feeling that the director wanted the film to feel completely realistic and not at all, but there were moments in the film that were so incredibly unrealistic that it would have worked if it were satire. At one point in the movie, it seems that the two characters die and one surviving character has a line like "Oh, he's dead ... it's time to move on" and he says it is so bad that it wasn't completely meaningless. I found myself at over 40 minutes to see how much longer I should sit through it. And then it hit me ... I started thinking, "I don't know if the studio has made this picture a test to see if they can make the worst possible movie and still pull a big audience ..." the reason why this movie was made. In these days, the script goes to a massive screening process and very few scripts make it into the production stage ... I don't understand how this first first stage passed ... Finally, and extremely, the fool-founder-Ly stupid climax, I was laughing heartily - just not what the filmmakers wanted to laugh at, but instead of being ridiculous and stupid. Thank God I didn't have to pay the money for it ... because it would be very disturbing to me !!! Oh, and can I just add that two Wilson brothers, I've always preferred Luke, because I think he's a better, more versatile actor ... but if he wants to get closer to OWEN, that's just a way to do it ... I doubt he will get much more job offers after this 2-hour garbage wastes !!! and keep in mind that it only got a generous 1/10 because I couldn't choose 0!
