Matt Saunders (Luke Wilson) thinks he has found a perfect wife, Jenny Johnson (Uma Thurman), who seems to be a quiet but beautiful woman, although she soon learns she is poor and overwhelming, oh, and she's also superhero G -Girl, though you don't know what he's doing for Matt after he freaks and breaks with him. <br /> <br /> Promising assumption is destroyed by mediocre execution. My Super Ex-Girlfriend is still an enjoyable comedy, but it depends too much on cheap sex jokes and it will be a forgotten experience. What went wrong? The cast and the director couldn't overcome the weakness of the script and I didn't like the way they played it. I was expecting the man to be a jerk and it could have been a female fantasy revenge film. But they made the guy pleasant and made superhero psychic. It wasn't just fresh and after about forty minutes the movie was greeting. Of course, there were some funny lines, but the weak middle and terrible end was really breaking it. <br /> <br /> Director Ivan Reitman has lost his touch. After a successful run in the eighties and early nineties, he began as Evolution and Father's Day. I wouldn't say my Super Ex-Girlfriend is a complete bust, but I don't give her any credit for the quality of that movie that isn't too much. Don Payne did a terrible job with the scenario. Most jokes were flat and most of the supporting characters were just one sign. He also used a lot of the same jokes that made things sometimes annoying. <br /> <br /> Some actors were good enough to record the movie. Uma Thurman was great as G-Girl and had lots of funny features. Luke Wilson was a bit pale and not very interesting. I don't think he's making an attractive man and he's in a better role as a family stone. Anna Faris just made her "Scary Movie" routine and it gets a little old. It needs a challenge or at least some better scripts. Wanda Sykes is for me a hit or a lack. He was big in Monster-In-Law and he was bad at Clerks 2. Here he is just annoying and does not bring anything to the film. Eddie Izzard was fine, something special. Rainn Wilson was just annoying and not funny. In general, I was disappointed with the film. It was not terrible, but it had so many options and the end result was so average. Rating 5/10
