SEVEN POUNS: EMOTIONALLY FLAT, ILLOGICAL, MORALLY DISTURING <br /> <br /> The film was broadcasted in Italy as "seven souls". I was curious about the title of the original, and after some research it turned out that it refers to Shakespeare's Venetian merchant, where believer Shylock makes a terrible bond with merchant Antonio, who has to give him a pound of meat if he can't repay his debt. If the Italian translation makes something deeply human about Ben's plan, characterized by human sympathy, it does the original, though grown enough, to remain indifferent, just by reference to the flesh, something cold, rational, deep-rooted. human physical side. Unfortunately, I think that the actual quality of the Ben plan is reflected in the original title: it is a cold machine designed to "donate" parts of your body, but without an authentic human empathy, at least the audience is not given the opportunity to see or perceive the pure association of souls within the film . The only exception is the love story with a girl, which seems to be a kind of un-programmed case that Ben produces, but cannot deliver true emotional engagement. I didn't really like the idea of ​​the core of the movie: the idea that the person who was guilty of the death of his beloved and other people was determined to exclude his mind from suicide: besides, it is unlikely. I would have liked, and I think it would have been more positive, if, at last, Ben had decided to abandon the idea of ​​suicide and continue to live, thus helping the same people and perhaps many others standing close to them and helping them through their presence. Of course, he would not have saved his life because it would probably have caused more suffering, but I think it would have been more constructive from a human and moral point of view. There are many illogical and disturbing things: an initial reference to God's creation within seven days (which, by the way, according to the Bible is six!): What does this mean? And what is a woman suffering from heart disease that prevents her from running and even singing without feeling bad, who may have normal sex with men who feel like she should be destroyed by her wife's death and donated her body organs and pieces do not seem so emotionally how do you feel physically because of your physical condition? The movie is rescued by a good actor, but the rest is pure crap, not only from a logical point of view, but also from a human and emotional point of view.
