Includes spoiler. British director J. Lee Thompson made some great films, "Ice Cold in Alex" and "Cape Fear", but "Country Dance" is one of his more curious offers. The story is among the higher grades of rural Scotland, and describes the strange triangular relationship between the extraordinary aristocratic Sir Charles Ferguson, his sister Hilary and Hilary's foreigner Douglas, who hopes to settle with her. We find out that during the military officer's career Charles was considered "low moral fiber". This seems to be the exact diagnosis of his condition; Throughout the film, he shows the gloomy disappointment of the world and his main sources of emotional support seem to be Hilary and his whiskey bottle. The film ends with giving her higher class asylum. <br /> <br /> Peter O'Toole was when he was the best, like "Lawrence of Arabia", one of Britain's leading players, but his work quality was very uneven and "Country Dance" is not one of his best films. He crosses frantically, making Charles's useless inbred aristocratic caricature as if he had listened to part of the Monty Python's "Top Class Twit" sketch. Susannah York as Hilary and Michael Craig as Douglas are quite better, but there are really no outstanding shows in the movie. There is also little road to the single plot, beyond the slip of Charles's deception. <br /> <br /> The main problem with the film is not an act or a plot, but rather what works. A subject that does not dare to speak its name. The relationship between the bleeds between Charles and Hilary, or at least his bleeding, is his heart-like hint and his outrage with Douglas is motivated by sexual jealousy. Unfortunately, even in the early sixties and seventies (the date of the film is differently given in 1969 or 1970), the British Film Censors' desire was to allow, and the film with an explicitly incisive theme was certainly boundaries. (The title of the American film was "Brotherly Love", but it wasn't used in the UK, was it too desirable to memorize BBFC?) Therefore, these tips have never been developed and we can never see what motivates Charles or what has caused its moral collapse. the result is hollow movies with a hole in the middle. 4/10
