Jeffrey Combs is a crazy scientist whose stem cell research has become a curious scheme to create a hybrid trailer shark humanoid life, hoping to produce completely new species using Hunter Tylo's uterus. It's not easy for Tylo hard and his boyfriend, William Forsythe, is not going to give him without a fight. <br /> <br /> You can see that Tylo and Forsythe are two business executives, Arthur Roberts' employees, brilliant minds who meet with combs (.. a scientist who once worked for Roberts and whose liberated position went to Tylo) in his fortress where he conducts its own research and experiments. This island gives him the opportunity to recruit fresh victims for his work and "son." They think this is a professional thing about a breakthrough in stem cell research, which can lead to the treatment of various diseases. The boy's son died of kidney cancer when he decided to do his mad science with him, creating this blood thirst, a meat-eating creature that could both swim and dry the earth. in a short time). Tylo got acquainted with the son of Combs, thereby connecting to the two who worked for Roberts, who brings his trophy wife Mariya Ignatova. Also Tylo and Forsythe, Roberts and Ignatova are accompanied by their colleagues Elise Muller and GR Johnson. The combs catch them in the conference room, but they can get to the island by sending them their well-paid mercenaries and a hamster shark. <br /> <br /> Similar sci-fi channel creature features Hammerhead: Shark Frenzy has some unpleasant computer-generated effects and attacks (.. where sharks are hanging on limbs) are shot in a editable, puzzled camera format where you have a hard time seeing none of the following delicate carnage. You have such a vague notion that a person has eaten (.. ripped to the cuttings), but the attacks themselves strike in a very unusual way, which really is quite terrible. The monster itself is never visible in its entirety, but in the blink of an eye and the part of the body that sacrifices in fear, instantly glance. One thing is for sure you see your teeth. We can swim the toothpick towards the screen, all threaten, ready to keep the meat. Persistent, while (... and after) attacks the victims, we see a lot of blood and meat on the surface of the water. (This is really the chief chip of director Michael Oblowitz to inform the viewer that they are torn apart by goners). <br /> <br /> The combs will not let the scientist start a new base, but he has always had the opportunity to give this cold blood solution a quiet madness. It's fun to see if Forsythe is a rare hero's hero, very much against the electronics wizard (.. against his credit, he pulls it off), who must take the lead if the group faces an unprecedented threat. Tylo also has a very different role, a scientist who can protect himself quite well. Roberts can play the role of millionaire businessmen in a dream, and it is a kind of pure vision that he fires a gun at Combs soldiers (although his fate is not pleasant). Emphasizing that Forythe and Tylo also dropped the guns hired by Combs with seized automatic guns. As expected, the scenario for those who have created a murderous generation will endanger themselves unnecessarily so that they can pay for their sins. human anatomy, what could he do? A beautiful exotic device is a pretty nice background.
