When hell is all those uncharted islands where prehistoric monsters lurk, evil doctors do their experiments, madmen hold the ultimate karate championship and uber-rich hunt for sports? I had no idea that there were still many undiscovered islands, but if you take into account the number of films that use one of these mysterious islands, you have to assume that there are at least 50 of them out there. There is always a feeling that it is so damn convenient, and I instantly subtract points from any movie that uses this hackneyed device. Hammerhead is the story of a mad scientist who carries some of these uncharted islands, so the film had a long time before it started. <br /> <br /> The island of this movie was previously owned by Dr Moreau, but recently bought by Re-Animator himself, Jeffrey Combs. Old Jeffrey is doing some sort of top-level stem cell research that has led him to start working on sharks when looking for cancer treatment. If it seems familiar, it is almost as basic as the smart shark facility in Deep Blue Sea, not to mention the many other Nu Image films. So obviously, Jeffrey's son died of cancer, which prompted our mad doctor to start testing his offspring. He made a splashing of some superphantic gene and so on by turning his son's shark-man. <br /> <br /> William Forsythe leads a group of unknown actors on the island to investigate medical experiments. If someone had given him a seaman hat, William would have been a jumper for the Gilligan Island. In a typical way of Bond Villain, the doctor decides that all these invaders would make the boy nice. Not gums like mates ... chum, like shark food. So enter the shark boy who will jump on Skipper and his cohorts all over the island. Of course, they make an odd attempt to escape, and they are prevented again and again from being driven by a rubber boys' suit. <br /> <br /> The film did not include any of the items he lost on any stupidly abandoned island. It's funny that this movie is called Hammerhead, it made me think of the old joke. Why are you hitting with a hammer? Because it looks as good as you stop. That's pretty much how this movie is. The only reason to see it is that it looks as good as it is.
