The "spooky" malformations of the four honorable pairs arrived in London in the early 1970s. There's a Swedish girl, Danish, German and Chinese. The story grabs all the clothes, engages them in some Carry On-type humor and connects them with the British film and television culture of different ages, including the Man About House star Richard O'Sullivan, the Future The Crowning Street Rogue Johnny Briggs and the Horror Filth Ferdy Mayne (playing sheik ). There is quite a big nudity on the screen for those who like this thing (but obviously something heavy). <br /> <br /> Most movies are fairly thin and irrelevant; girls are stereotypes and German Anita particularly suffers from some kind of infantalizing disorder - it is morality that is obsessed with color television that acts like an unhindered child and dresses to deliberately show off her personal parts; for a more serious film, he would be a psychiatric case. The most interesting part of the film is that a Swedish girl is taken to a London club, where some still typical types are trying to swing, a medieval rock who loses her innocence and realizes that the scene is not for her. These sequences have some energy and it refers to an interesting film when we come together, where the music trade and the upper-class fool and lives live with breathless and poor lives (John stands for a fine turn). an impossible public school roué). The most strange stories about a Chinese girl (future cannibal film veteran Me Me Lay) with her childish piano prize at an employer who falls in love with each other and then leaves in the middle of the night without good reason, except for some oriental notion that "Chinese birds are not understandable ?! " The film is quite humiliating about the characters characterizing its women, and homophobia in dialogue and characterization. The end is conspicuous because Mayne's tail is not for earthly reasons (except when they have to stop the film in some way), all girls throw their Arab kingdom, which sees the world as a white slave trade, what they do is all happy . <br /> <br /> The majority of style and nonsense then, but directed by a fair amount of skilled veteran Val Guest, which puts this piece of film making notch in most of the 70's Brit sexploitation flicks.
