To understand where this version of STAR 1976 comes from, it has to be considered: its final number is sung by Barbra Streisand after seven minutes and forty-two near, followed by another two-and-a-half-minute Mrs. Streisand - Christ-like image - behind the closing credit. Over ten uninterrupted minutes of Barbra's distinctive dead center, filling the big screen with uncompromising ego. It can be some kind of movie. <br /> <br /> Or think about it: There are two musical superstars love around this plot of music, while Streisand's songs are made entirely - including an endless finale - his precious Kris Kristofferson cannot even perform one of his songs. Also, although he allows him to bet some time ago, they actually sing the duet. <br /> <br /> Or find it: The name of the strike appears on credits at least six times, including "musical concepts" and his wardrobe (his closet) - and he allegedly wanted to, but he was unable to get co-managed credit. One of his credits was the executive producer, the producer credit went to his girlfriend and former hairdresser Jon Peters. As such, Streisand checked the final section of the film, which explains why it is so obsessed with tilting the film towards her. What he does not explain is how every chance that Great Diva looks good is their effort to make Streisand only bad. Although it was one of Streisand's biggest boxing hits, it is undoubtedly his worst film and has the worst performance. <br /> <br /> In any case, the melodrama moves into the n'roll of the Hollywood sex-drug and rock world, Streisand plays Esther Hoffman, a pop singer on the road to stardom, who shares some time with the fast track Kristofferson John Norman Howard, a hard rocker heading for Has-beenville ramp. In the incarnations of the previous story, Norman Maine sacrifices his leading men's career to help the newcomer "Vicky Lester" succeed. In the feminist seventies, Streisand & Co wants to make it clear that their hero does not owe anyone, so the trajectory is skewed; he succeeds with or without him and he is pretty much below the scene; he is the burden he has to endure in the name of love. As such, the obvious attempt to make the leading lady not only tougher, but almost ruthless, while her right-wing attack rises when it is amazing. material; a little bit of an effort to give a lot of performance and strange that it serves its purposeless, innumerable character. Streisand, on the other hand, does not display the screen honestly all the time. Everything he does seems, if not too practiced, at least too controlled. Even his obvious ads seem uncomfortable intent and his moments of hysteria that are cold-mechanical. These two have no chemistry, making central love completely unbelievable. It can be assumed that her character sees her as a symptom of her shameful youth and innocence, although at the age of 34 Streisand does not seem particularly young or naive. The only conceivable attraction she can offer her is that she can use her faster to treasure. And if the film had material in essence, so that Streisand's character could be played by an exploitative offender, the film might have been a spark and perhaps a reason. <br /> <br /> But I think the filmmakers actually see Esther as a sympathetic victim; they do not seem to be aware of how he is cold-blooded and self-absorbed. But the sensitivity is not one of the strong points of the film: note the little joke that Barbra's two African-American singers are singing just to make the film a trio of the Oreos. The film has said a lot that Esther maintains his ethnic identity using his name Hoffman, but the filmmakers have changed the name of the previous films "Esther Blodgett" so that Streisand is not burdened with a name that is too Jewish or too unpleasant. So much for ethnic pride. <br /> <br /> The rear stapling and release of the film, which took place when the movie was released, is almost legendary, so the fact that the film was so polished is remarkable. Nominal director Frank Pierson seems to have made a good film of raw material, giving considerable help to ace cinematographer Robert Surtees. And this movie served its purpose by giving a decent pop music track album (including Paul Williams and Streisand's Oscar-winning Evergreen). In general, however, the film turned out to be one thing Streisand allegedly claimed not to want it, a project of vanity.
