I think that for everyone, the heart of the heart, the slimmest side, is a little bit of a bit of Jerry Springer. Although his show is indisputably offensive and stupid, it also gives us the opportunity to see that for most of us it is really good. If you look at the Springer Trailer Park, the dollar whiskey drink, the incest love, then even your worst day looks like a walk in the park. Jerry performs public service and we should be grateful. He created a political career for us to organize the exhibition. <br /> <br /> We should not in any way be grateful for the "Ringmaster" garbage film. "Ringmaster" shows what life is for people who stop showing visitors, or that they want us to think. The movie is followed by Springer's story: Love Triangles. One triangle includes Connie, her daughter Angel and her husband Rusty. The other is Starletta, Vonda and Demond. When two unfortunate groups meet in LA, interact with their lives and collide, everyone culminates in an explosive episode of the Springer show. It is like "short cuts" if Robert Altman had a serious cracking habit. <br /> <br /> "Ringmaster" is true for the show because it is stupid and offensive from start to finish. It also makes me very happy that I do not live in my symbols. But the film has a problem. It's counted as a comedy, but it's not just funny. What laughs there is little and far away. Maybe some people look at it and laugh at non-stop. If you think the blow job and rape are funny, then I think you're one of those people. Personally, I laughed two or three times and surprisingly spent the rest of the film with the amazing horrors of life in the white trash. <br /> <br /> Jerry Springer's exhibition just isn't meant to jump on TV's silver screen. What's funny at a lesson show (less than reading ads) may not be funny for a ninety minute movie. Movies have to tell the story and that's something the Ringmaster has problems with. The story is coarse. There are so many holes in the plot and errors in continuity that any attempt to speak a single narrative is quickly put together. And even if there were no such problems, how fun is it to draw a story from the stereotypical people? Even the Hollywood formula couldn't do it better. "Ringmaster: is so bad, even screws the best part of the Springer show: the ultimate idea. In some way, even the smartest and easiest exhibition created an exhibition that blows harder than the slutty women who have built the film. The hardest culprit in all of this is Springer himself, he is such a bad actor that he can't even play the game convincingly. ”Watching Springer's play Springer is sad, Allen played Jerry Springer's vibe and he failed. less was he trying to make it just better. <br /> <br /> Not that I'm saying that all the other prizes in this movie deserve, just the opposite. They all suck, not so surprising that nobody went in this movie Nickelodeon seems to have a problem with Nickelodeon when hiring a woman who played on the slimmest film "9s denotes a child's program. It makes you think what other adults in this channel are about to do Nothing done. <br /> <br /> Here are my final thoughts: what we have here is a group of people who have no self-esteem and no man to burn with money who have come together and made their resources to produce a movie, which shows how much they hate themselves and how little they think about their audience. Should we accept people who make films that treat us like serious brain damage. I say no. Somewhere in the world, mixed in this fool, is an ideal movie for everyone. We just have to look for it. Until next time take care of yourself and your loved ones. And never look at the Ringmaster.
