I can't quite say that "Jerry Springer: Ringmaster" is the worst film I've ever seen. The film would be better than it was because at least the worst movie I ever saw (Prom Night II) was enough for me to hate it. My only reaction after leaving the theater happened when I looked up at the clock and discovered that only 90 minutes had passed. It seemed much more years. It is the endless repetition of poor people (or what Jerry Springer believes in poor people), screwing each other, striking each other, offending each other, and then repeating the process with the same attention we use while shampooing. The plot, which includes how a group of stupid people are exposed to their lives badly enough to give Jerry Springer a grist, promotes only the characters. It makes it impossible for them to happen. It never matters to me whether they got an exhibition or what they said or slept with. Maybe I shouldn't take care of them. Maybe I should look at them as some kind of comic to see their resentment behaving like funny. It's not too bad. Humor is not outrageous. It's harmless. It's predictable. Humor has to work behind some painful irony or life experience. Scatology is not smart. Example. Mother is trying to get her daughter and her husband in bed. For revenge, she travels over the trailer park and gives her daughter a boyfriend oral sex. Since I had been out of the shock of Jerry Springer's show, I had the same reaction I had with Andrew Dice Clay's uneven nursery. not laughter, just waking up. Finally, I found Springer as populist tiring and convincing. If she really was a guardian of the poor, she would bring a mother from Bed-Sty to talk about raising her children in New York by $ 12,000 a year. Or, if he doesn't, he would give his exhibitors at least a reduction in their profits. Jerry Springer gets millions for his exhibitions, movies, books and videos. His guests will simply get a flight ticket, hotel accommodation and a chance to humiliate themselves. If he liked such poor people, he would give them at least the money they would earn for him. It seems that Springer wanted to make this movie to gain legitimacy. Jeez, with all his fine work, would think he would have earned our honor. Anyway, the film is weak and boring. It doesn't even get offensive. If you want to have a better evening, record the video for the night and watch it.
