Vampire Bat is located in the small village of Klineschloss, Germany, where Gustave Schoen (Lionel Belmore), Burgermeister, meets with Karl Brettschneider (Melvyn Douglas) from a local murderer for all the recent murders, six victims were discovered for many weeks, emptying all the blood and carrying the same nerve wounds on their neck. Brettschneider has no idea, but the village's superstitious parents believe that death is a vampire job. Brettschneider is not convinced, but the frightened villagers tell stories about how to see a big bat, but the last victim, Martha Mueller (Rita Carlyle), has been found. Brettschneider is putting more and more pressure on murders, but can he really believe that the giant Vampire Bat is responsible and is going to stop it? <br /> <br /> Head of Frank R. Strayer Vampire Bat was cheap money from Majestic Pictures related to the success of two stars at Atwill & Wray and their success in previous years Doctor X (1932) and it is more like a murder Mystery as a horror, because an exploiting and tempting title may be you believe and, frankly, it's quite boring. Edward T. Lowe Jr. The manuscript is quite serious and puts the story behind killing local villagers and being a vampire, but for most of the duration, the film focuses on Brettschneider and his incompetent research, which is not to be too fine, boring. Vampire Bat also has a bit of an identity crisis because it doesn't know exactly what he wants to be, the title refers to a horror film, while most of it can easily be described as a thriller, the last few minutes of which fall below silly sci-fi. There is no vampire pill, attempts to fool you are pathetic, all the characters are broad stereotypes and you can talk to the crowd right away and the whole thing is not very exciting or fun about Vampire Bat. I know it's old, but it's not an excuse because cinema has moved a lot since 1933 and a boring, flat, boring, boring and misleading movie like Vampire Bat just doesn't cut it today, just look at the original King Kong (1933) appeared in the same year and gloriously, which is still going on today. I didn't like it and I doubt many modern filmmakers are as simple and direct as it is. I can relax the film somewhat because of its age, because it is quite a whole point, shoot and count on the best things. There is no atmosphere or fear, although some of the kits that were already from old blind households (1932) and the backside of Universal Europe are great and add a certain amount of ambience to things. <br /> <br /> Technically, Vampire Bat can't compare anything even in a modern fashion because it's probably my age, but once again I draw your attention to the original King Kong. Speaking of King Kong, this star of Fay Wray, as well as the horror of Lionel Atwill, I am kind and say that the actor is OK. <br /> <br /> I imagine a vampire pill that it is stupid to think that this is a horror movie about Vampire bats, if it is not, I personally thought the whole thing was a bit drilled. It's short and it tells the story reasonably enough, but I have to admit that I'm not a fan.
