When filming this film, director Mary Harron was clearly aiming to clearly document the progress of Bettie's career, from early modeling days to modeling, to return after the Senate hearing about juvenile delinquency and her religious discovery in the 50s, and so she plans to get all of these facts on the screen within the time allowed if he seems to have never explained anything thoroughly. <br /> <br /> If you think someone with your career thinks it would be much to discuss, its causes, decisions, life events, personal traumas, but Harron avoids any kind of personal investigation of the character. In the first fifteen minutes of the film, there are short clues about child abuse, domestic violence and rape, but they have all rushed to the past and have never been mentioned again. You get the impression that Harron and Guinevere Turner (co-author) wanted to shine something that was not glamorous or flattering. You go to this movie to wait for an overview of who was behind the posters, but everything you are given is a list of things he did and some of his most famous photo restorations. <br /> <br /> All in all, the movie suppresses the movie while waiting desperately to appear. How did she balance her religion with her work? What made this young Tennessee's girl modeling into bondage photography. The film just shows that he is going to another modeling agency and puts everything he has said, but it would certainly have been accompanied by some shock and debate, after the 50s. <br /> <br /> It seems to me that Harron is trying to make a point about how all this is according to today's standards (the page has never taken any explicit photos of sexual activity) and how the reaction made some of such things was really superfluous and although it is true, it never does the varieties in the eyes of others. Today we look at a young girl who portrays a topless and doesn't think about it, but we should have had a sense of how shocking it would have been to a modern audience. This woman was a central part of listening to the juvenile delinquency Senate, but nobody has ever been really shocked. <br /> <br /> Basically, I just left this movie thinking about how it was. Harron and Turner have managed to avoid something that may be unpleasant to the viewer. They are confronted with two life-long fans Miss Page and are desperate to make sure that nothing, absolutely nothing, can put their heroin in a bad light, and has therefore refrained from any profound research on who it really was. (Before and after his career, there have been reports of his violent nature and mental problems.) And all that is left is a series of events that formed his career without any kind of content.
