On September 26, 1983, a short-lived 60-year-old woman stood for an attempt to murder Leonie Haddad, whose husband recently died, and was willing to live with a tenant who had come through the parents' dwelling. Haddad was not told that his new tenant was actually fresh to Patton's state psychiatric hospital, where he was imprisoned on the married couple for three years before an unexplained nerve attack. Soon, Haddad realized that there was something "rotten" in Denmark when the woman started to lock in the bathroom, she said she was predicting "seven gods". Haddad's fears were confirmed one night when he woke up to find his camp, who sat in his chest with a bread knife, saying "God has inspired you to kill you". Haddad managed to hit his attacker on the phone, but not before he had lost his finger and severely broken his face and chest. It was a miracle he lived. The keeper was innocent because of madness, but sent, strikes, and screamed to the academy. Ten years later, he was released and found that he is now a celebrity; but not for the cruel attacks on his innocent victims, but for his 25-year-old incarnation, when he was known as the "Queen of Curve", "Tennessee tease" and "Miss Pin Up the World" - Notorious Bettie Page. <br /> <br /> Director Mary Harron, who is mainly known for "American Psycho", brings us back to the legendary cheesecake and bondage prizes (Gretchen Mol played well enough) who inadvertently wrote for blue fetish iconography and whose effects can be traced to everything from comics to roofs. T.N.B.P is a day-glo fun ride through the look of the 1950s, with Page, with well-intentioned boyfriends and photographers' family help, getting the names of key men like Wink, Tab and Parade. His real dream of stardoming the film avoids him and the brush with the authorities for darkness in 1957 is an exciting incident that forces him to model himself and give himself to God. The overall style of the film is light and frothy, and only darkens briefly, with clues to the father's bleeding and sexual assault, apparently not having any noticeable effect on him. Mol plays the Page if he feels in his photographs, happy, carefree and fun - even slave decorations betray little more than a good humorous misunderstanding. The film ends with a spooky page, where joyfully divides the bibles in the park without showing the real life unhappy marriage, personal tragedy and decent murderous madness that was before him; avoiding what I think is the story of the page - rebirth and resurrection. <br /> <br /> Having appeared in a decade of imprisonment, it was found that his cult had been on the rise since the mid-1980s and that he became a large underground icon in which many asked "what happened to Bettie." "The disappearance ignited the fire of any conspiracy theory, adding only the misery of his legend. When the world media finally caught up with him, he gave no hint of his darker past, and he soon gave interviews to magazines, TV and photography to Playboy parties Pamela Anderson and the same tragic Anna Nicole Smith. She found that she was now more famous than she had ever been in her "glorious years", but in the glare of this "resurrection", it was only a matter of time before the whole story appeared. <br /> <br /> The only notorious things for the infamous Bettie page they have excluded some when it became really notorious.
