"The 700 Club" must be the only television program most common in television history. It has been even worse in 1966, which means that thousands, if not millions, of people buy their hatred and lies. Head of the Christian Coalition Patuta Robertson, The 700 Club is headed by Patong Robertson, head of the Christian Coalition, which leads us to misunderstanding, spreading "news" as they want to think about it and trying to convince their audience that all the world's problems are guilty of homosexuals, Wiccans, New Age clergy, Muslims, Jews, Hindus, non-fundamental Christians, Democrats, single mothers, foreigners, feminists, evolutionists, environmentalists, NASA scholars, and anyone else who doesn't share their fanatical views. This is actually the best fake news from "The Daily Show" or "Saturday Night Live" on "Weekend Update" or "FOX News" on this topic. Of course, Pat is always the one who makes all the decisions, saying whatever comes to mind and does not give the devil who insults or hurts. Meanwhile, he continues his role in fighting to make the United States a militarized police state by taking his religious nose in everything they can, and asking for one donation - not less than a dull dollar to get by the way - to fund Pat's African diamond mines and buy oil from past government-spoken companies about environmental abuse. No, you will never forget that Pat was good friends with Zaire and Zimbabwe genocide dictators to help him acquire such wealth; it's all for the greater glory of God, don't you know? And, of course, "The 700 Club" hosts are always ready to read "viewers written" letters as they wish, randomly written in the same format and all "viewers" of the same color allegedly healed the various suffering of these hosts (they claim to have "Knowledge Words") but who NEVER say about the program what happened to them. Frankly, how can someone seriously show off when they use a bad applause recording? It should make people think about why there is no studio audience. <br /> <br /> The sad thing that Pat's crowns and viewers do not know or just don't understand is the terrible things he has done and said. This is the man who agreed with Jerry Falwell that the 11 September 2001 terrorist attacks against the United States resulted from God punishing us for accepting homosexuality and feminism. Ironically, Pat has twice referred publicly to the implementation of a nuclear weapon in the State Department; I have little doubt that his wealth kept him in arresting such statements. His homosexuals, single mothers and all sorts of sexual practices he considers "sinful" are interesting, given that he was known to have frequent multiple brothels during the Korean War. As the Bible says, be fruitful and multiplied, so congratulations, Pat - thanks to you, it is likely that a few Korean mothers were born with many children. Then of course it was the time when he called the murder of Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez (not that he was a saint but still). Oh, yeah, and let's not forget the time that this "crusader of human life" supported with forced abortions in China. His "Christian", wouldn't you say that? Nazi in Germany. "To be honest, comparing his" badness "with the horrors of the Holocaust is almost unforgivable. they acted against the Jews, and Pat Robertson is one of the greatest liars in history.If he was Pinocchio, his nose would surround Earth. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, more and more people every day, this is your alarm, people; "The 700 Club "is one of the most sparse programs in the history of television. It is a bad masking as good; it is a wolf-sheep dress. It is a surprised mess that tries to look clean, beautiful and loving. It is a living proof that hate, dangerous religious the views are not limited to certain groups in the Middle East, even those who are not Christian believers that this is contrary to everything. Jesus taught the East, and if Jesus should appear in this "club", he would not emulate them. Instead, he would like to condemn them, as He did the Pharisees of his time, and canceled the wallets of his teletons as he did before his synagogue. All I can say is to thank God that Pat had no chance of becoming president; if he does, he would be an armageddon hiding - not on the side of good boys.
