I don't think that in the United States, the 700 Club has ever had a bad or evil television program in the air. These are today equivalent to the 20th century Ku Klux Clan. Their hatred for all who are good and lovely and human and clean is impossible to understand. Their daily constant attacks on millions and millions of Americans, as well as billions of people around the world who do not share their ambassadors, cruel, monstrous, and totally mad views of humanity, have never seen outside. The lies they cast, and the ridiculous lies they try to exclude from the truth, such as "life after death" or "god" or "sin" or "devil" are so unpleasant that they actually seem to be mentally ill, so they're lost in their fantasy. People know that religion is a drug and should not be dependent on this type of fantasy. But there are 700 clubs in class. They are truly cult. Although I believe in freedom of expression, they spread hate, lies, misinformation and such fantastic ideas beyond. I hope that, one day, the American Psychiatric Society will finally conduct a study for those people who are misleading in this way, people who let themselves in such a deeply religious country that they have no real concept of reality. The treatment of such afflicted people in this country is very necessary because so many people have completely lost their religion to fantasy. However, the 700 clubs are even more terrible because it rises to the legal definition of "cult", but thanks to the 700 rich wealth of the club (which is daily associated with millions of Americans locked into their fraudulent grip), they are above the law in that country. For those who have seen the film "Matrix", you know that the film was a metaphor of religion on earth: the evil who is the top of every religion who run away those they have trapped and cruelly abused their own selfish goals and the millions who have died dreaming and slowly losing their vitality, there are many people who belong to religions and who have lost all the ability to perceive what is going on around them. <br /> Less civilians would have had such good monsters as monsters like those associated with The 700 Club in a city with flashlights. But in today's world, where people have lost their choice of television that is presented to them, we have no chance of getting rid of 700 clubs. The V-chip on a television rating system and TVs should also have a religion called "R", so that rational people and the concerned parents can sift such insecure intellectual and brutal emotional violence, such as by a 700 club every day in our homeland, ourselves and our children.
