Years have passed since Don Wilson used his martial arts knowledge to destroy robots who had been programmed to destroy him, as well as being married to a blonde reporter (Stacie Foster) who led the rebellion in the first film, now a new conspiracy. Works that are related to similar droids framing our two heroes, and a corporation that wants to rule the world (no plot to do that) and Cyber ​​Tracker 2 becomes the first movie to be played back in virtual. I admit that I have purchased a DVD from discount boxes offered by PM, a company specializing in cheap jack campaigns (like this one) with tons of explosions, a tiny story, and anything other than average sharp action. Some of these titles have been (somewhat) enjoyable (Last Man Standing and The Sweeper), but Cyber ​​Tracker 2 is stuck with charisma-less Don Wilson casting. Compared to the main character of similar PM efforts, Jeff Wincott and C. Thomas Howell are nominees for the Oscar compared to Don Wilson. Another sign is that it was led by Richard Pepin, who has no affection for Joseph Merh's apparently craftsmanship sequences that feel much more expensive than their budgets. Then, although both Thomas Thomas and Wincott are likely to be more expensive. Cyber ​​Tracker 2 is a hanging title called R, there is so much to steal from better movies (Robocop, Terminator, Universal Soldier, even Halloween III!) That it's almost like Richard Pepin trying to give identity to pedestrian material, but without intelligent ideas or at least a meaningless zip with great activity, Cyber ​​Tracker 2 falls. There is no literally a good idea that has not been borrowed from a better film and a supportive majority. The only exception is Tony Burton, who is miles better than the material. Stacie Foster also looks to be better off with better materials. But Cyber ​​Tracker 2 comes out mainly as noisy, blissful and weak as its leading man, but without real martial arts sequences, everything is there, there are many cars rolling over and alone the ambitions expressed here are not replaced by the ambitions of bankruptcy. <br /> <br /> * 1/2 4- (Poor)
