When they killed John Amos, they killed the show. He was an important part of the information structure. You had a story of a family in a hinterland that would be the best way they knew. They were poor, they were black, and they were living proof that if you have Jesus and your family, nothing is too difficult. Of course, James would lose his job and JJ would fail at school, but the family could always find his way. <br /> <br /> James was a strong male model that earned income and disciplined children. Florida was the strong lady who would all be James when she needed beer to shout or hug it. Children were personalities and inputs that made them a family unit. Their neighbor, Willona, ​​was also key because she represented not only a friend, but also some dear ones to be a family. Things were bright, sharp, funny and honest until they changed the course of the program. James dies and JJ took over the show. Flo was still a mother, Thelma flourished for the lady, and Michael was still a militant dwarf, but JJ was an exhibition. It was assumed that we believe that a family with a father or an outstanding bread winner will be able to stay in the apartment. I think James's paycheck didn't do much for the family. They were only threatened with eviction because they said they were moving and not because no one worked at home. I know JJ, Flo, Thelma and even Michael finally got the job, but they came here to be real. James worked so much that you could feel him, but others were not realistic, and that is a shame. JJ was a comic relief, but I felt the exhibition needed something. It's OK to be funny, but they had the chance to show the real family and what it took to survive in the real world, and they threw everyone to laugh at the couples. Michael's character almost disappeared, while the rest slipped into the shadows of JJ Evan's show. I really mean, here was a boy who failed at school, he continued to lay off and he painted money in about two episodes. James had always been to encourage his talent, but Flo and the rest of the family didn't seem to care. <br /> <br /> Why did he take so long to realize that there was something he had to do on land? He could have sold painting in the street or worked for people who printed billboards and cards. (He did, but something went wrong.) Why didn't he do this and why did others give up their dreams? I'm telling you why it was because they didn't care and rejoice in their father's life and their mother stopped supporting their dreams. The exhibition finished teaching us about growing, building and learning, and began to teach us about gimmicks and fishing bans. They should have kept James. If an exhibition needs a dad, it was.
