Here is a classic case with too much patriotism. This happens when you live in a small country with very little (even no, even) cinema history. Every time someone presents a more ambitious film project? other than the usual dramas about the plague of farmers' families or the long feature film of local comics? everyone feels obliged to love it and even be responsible for disseminating favorable reviews at national borders. This is especially true when the writer / director of this film is already the sweetheart of the people because he is also the founder and singer of the popular rock band. "Any wind blows" is not a bad film, but it is definitely overpriced (if it is possible even in a small country) and it has absolutely nothing new or even remotely original. In principle, it is a Flemish version of classic films, such as "Short cuts" and "Magnolia", and illustrates a mosaic of characters whose everyday life seems to be interrelated, but eventually comes together. The only thing that seems to be the first of the eight main characters is the city of Antwerp, where they all live and work, but gradually the deeper relationships between them become transparent, and they gather to the party near their climax. The main problem "Any wind blows", at least for yourself, lies with the characters. They are indeed casual, uninteresting and honestly not experiencing something that could be considered as normal. Obviously, the intention of the writer / director Tom Barman was to portray the average and regular inhabitants of Antwerp, but then seriously what is the point? One of the characters was fired from his film project, the other is an unsuccessful novelist who is struggling with the marriage crisis, two siblings have recently lost their father, and one of the most "mysterious" of them all follows the wind wherever he goes. There are a couple of regular characters on the screen, but they are even less worthwhile. These people just move and lead very random topics (such as life in the 80s, dates and movements of each other's gut) and philosophy of issues that no one cares about. Some dialogues create a mild woman, especially two of the twenty-something Gent, but still something extraordinary or even memorable. The film works best as a tourist film to promote the city of Antwerp and expanded and diverse music. There are many stylish and enjoyable sights in Antwerp and there is always beautiful music, whether it is really strong or in the background. In general, "Every Five Winds Blowing" is a competently made and stylish effort, but too daily and a bit boring, and I really think most of his fans would even bother to see if it wasn't Flemish production.
