I almost went out, but I would pay my money and my almost needless friend wanted to hold me. After the love of "New Hope", the innocent innocence and the exciting complexity of "The Empire Strikes Back", I remember waiting for "Jedi's return" with almost painful expectation. But from this insulting commercial wastewater opening, I was bitterly disappointed and angry with Lucas. He should have been ashamed, but this indignation proves unquestionably that he has no subatomatic shame in his cold, greedy heart. The episode I would like to continue to reinforce this fact - my honor, I call Jarjar Bink (but please give barf bags for the first time to the jury members) <br /> <br /> Since the gate was first lifted in Jabba, this "film" was nothing more than two plus hours trading with so many licensed, profitable indicators as Lucas could have put in - pig-like guards, hokey meat-pigtails, to vile Jabba pets, new and recycled cabaret drawings, monsters etc etc, ad vomitum. Then there was a lovely and marketable Ewoks. All the insurgent allies died on this after the foreigners. Fifteen seconds on each screen (or less) and kiddiesel is one for GOTTA. The filthy, exploitative financial accusation of children is nausea. <br /> <br /> Lucas didn't even bother to create a new plot of land - he just let out a star of "new hope" and reduced the ships of cheap sentiments. What a terrible blow to his fans face. I can not shake the idea that Lucas took this fan to create a perverse joy: "I have those limbs that are so bad that I can twist the worst odor, the dirty rubbish that I could dream of, and they can scream into theaters to loosen it , and all the children torture and torture their parents before they buy the brats full collection of the casual cartoon caricature I have met, and this makes me even more uncomfortable and richer. "<br /> <br /> it was a very tiny blasting time, a little tricky. It seems to me that I remember that Harrison Ford just managed to keep his nose above the surface of this boat. But any small, small, bright spots can massively destroy the offensive trade that Lucas took in such a bulky, absolute sales growth.
