Freddy's Dead: The final nightmare begins with a dream demon Freddy Krueger (Robert Englund) leaves a teenager (Shon Greenblatt) at Springwood without his memory of who he is or why he is there. The local police pulls him up and takes him to a youth center where his child psychiatrist Maggie Burroughs (Lisa Zane) interviews him, finds that his pocket cuts a newspaper that takes two Springmus Elm to the street, where they find there are no children and therefore Freddy Victims don't kill anyone. It turns out that Freddy's plan is to find his daughter and use her to escape Springwood. When Maggie realizes what Freddy is for her and some kids decide they have to kill Freddy every time ... <br /> <br /> Rachel Talalay's chair was to be the ultimate nightmare for Elm Street Reaching Five, Of course, as every fan of the horror movie knows, if there is still money to be made from a franchise or a character, hell Freddy is not dead: the final nightmare was the last one that of course was not. The Nightmare's Elm Street series has been a franchise that reduces return because the films fell in quality when the series progressed until we got here and Freddy died: The ultimate nightmare that is probably the worst for my money. The film is moving at a reasonable pace, and it is rarely boring, but it's so stupid, childish, and feels like some living action. The order in which Stoner Spencer is inside the video game played by Freddy is terrible for him, but then he is treated to the frames of his body that collide around the wall and floor of the house, which is the biggest ridiculous thing I've seen for a while. or maybe during an early scene, when John Doe's boy falls down from the ground, like the Coyote comic strip on Road Runner cartoons, or the absurd view of Freddy, threatening the deaf Carlosit pins he's going to fall on the floor to make a loud noise or when he finally ends up kills him by scraping his knives over the board. You can't take it seriously and I just sat where you didn't believe what I saw. When they finally try to kill Freddy, the hero is given a secret, powerful special weapon, yes, that's the right pair of cardboard-3 glasses! The characters are bad, the dialogue is bad and the plot is confusing, it's not really general about Elm Street's continuity and generally the film is a bit confusing, the best thing to say about it is that it has quite a bit of inadvertent humor and you can definitely get it laugh. <br /> <br /> The film has big tonic problems, because it tries to be dark, scary and embarrassing, but it's so stupid and it just seems ridiculous that the serious decline of every experiment is completely flat. There are not many gates in it, there are some fingers cut off, some buttons, someone falls on the nail bed and that's about it. Here is an extremely low body number with only three deaths. Freddy's Dead's last twenty minutes: The ultimate nightmare was actually 3-Ds, although the version I saw made this part normal, so I can't comment on how well it works or doesn't work, but you can definitely see the shots that are down See 3-Ds used by the process. Special effects vary, some are pretty good, while others are terrible and Freddy's burned make-up looks pretty bad this time. <br /> <br /> It was probably about $ 5,000,000. the office takes $ 12,000,000) and the film has some nice visual touches and gags that make it even more powerful than it already is. Action is really poor for the main leaders, though there are a couple of strange pairs, including Tom Arnold & Roseanne, Johnny Depp and rocker Alice Cooper. <br /> <br /> Freddy's Dead: The ultimate nightmare is probably the worst in the series and, after some unintentional laughing, there's not much to recommend or enjoy. The fans in the series will probably like it and will protect it, but for me it is so far from Wes Craven's original classic shock when he gets. Followed by New Nightmare (1994), which tried to take Freddy Krueger and the series in a new and different direction.
