In fact, they don't, but they certainly did it when they tried to think of the only line that would take enough of the dreadful series. There were some moments that might have been good, but they were mostly weighed out as their own conversion into lost opportunities, and they didn't start me badly. <br /> <br /> Destroyed opportunities are pretty obvious, but I remember them here when someone cares. Anyone who hasn't seen the movie and really throws it is recommended to stop reading here. The first and potentially greatest wasted opportunity was the plot with Freddy's long lost child. Now, the extreme mental illness that Freddy seems to have suffered (and I can accelerate that less than one percent of mental patients endanger other people alone) is HEREDITARY, so why not a mystery-type slasher where Lisa Zane's character dreams Freddys, who murders teenagers, only we later discover that he is actually doing all the killing? Does it seem like a good plot idea? Obviously it was over Talalay and De Luca leaders. <br /> <br /> Then there is a trip to Springfield, where the entire adolescent population is destroyed and the rest of the adults are experiencing some sort of psychosis. Well, that mass psychosis was portrayed quite realistically and convincingly, although it is quite a big deal that we have never been shown too much. We are just given a quick visual tip for massive loss of reality that would result from the death of every young child for reasons that die beyond understanding and control. The main problem with this test element, however, is that the city is abandoned too quickly and without real answers. This collection of scenes would have been farther away in ten minutes ... one sensible citizen explaining to those visitors why the Springfield exhibition looks like a horror show. <br /> <br /> Of course, horror films have never been marked to develop their character unless they are horror films directed by John Carpenter, but how should we really care if the characters don't know anything about death? At least Wes Craven took the time to create his characters in the original and used some cheap tricks to lead the audience. That's probably the biggest problem Freddy's dead: it's just not trying to get everything hard enough. <br /> <br /> In a related note, I feel very sorry for Robert Englund, now that he is more or less inseparably linked to Freddy's character. He has played much better signs in much better productions (such as the science ministry "V"), and has to be remembered forever as "a man playing Freddy" selling him for quite a short time. It looks like he's not breaking the form of the scarecrows now. As for the rest, I think their performances here speak for themselves. They deservedly capture little as the props of the B-class horror. Even Yaphet Kotto will not fail because his character has been written childishly in the history of B-films. <br /> <br /> All in all, Freddy is dead 1 out of me. I would vote lower, but IMDb does not allow it. The FD is proof of how the writer's inability to take full advantage of the concept can not only destroy the film, but the entire franchise.
