* May include a spoiler * A few weeks after I was originally written about my living room, I realized I could be a little too harsh on this film. That's why I decided to do something I never did before. Watch the same movie again. Don't get me wrong, I still don't like the movie, I think it's a dreck, and I still think zombies won't look at all that zombie-ish. In my opinion, the story of the film is still weak and quite flat. The story is about a man named Rick, who works as a scientist (which just happens to work with a serum thing that welcomes sick cells, animals) and his brother Germaine, these two are not exactly the best (mine, the original plot point) and I say much. One day Germaine is fired with a ride and Rick calls his scientist friend to bring the serum to try to revive Germaine (although most people would have called 911, but whatever), of course the serum will fail and Germaine will "die" (if it hadn't happened, it wouldn't have been a movie) , after the police and the coroner (until the end of time I think maybe the paramedics should have been showing up) to leave the scene (which I still believe it was just on the side of someone's bath who was thrown with the "coroner" sign) and Germaine returns life to attack and kill the parameters. I'm talking more about the plot, but I feel that if I publish more of the story you don't want to watch (and we don't want it now?), It is enough to say that the story (at least I think) tends to be rather slow movement (red not intended). As I have said in my review, zombies do not see that they are like zombies, I still think they look like they have been in a bar fight. This does not mean that they should all be disintegrated and not, but the victims should at least be bitten. I also don't like the director (s) constantly changing the way zombies move. They couldn't really decide whether or not the zombies had run (as most zombie movies do), don't get me wrong, I'm all that zombies run, but I mean people. In one scene zombie rides toward the living side and on the other side just sabers them. And sometimes they just don't seem credible (yes, I know their fictional beings, but still), of course I refer to a zombie running on the wall of his hand, as if he was walking through a dark living room, and I still get like a zombie on the ground, then shrinks like he just shot. The sound of the film was also troubled by the music, which maybe just a copy of my movie seemed to be a lot. Music in the movie is important. Especially when sound editing sounds like a director just took a friends camcorder and shot a little zombie flick. Action is still cruel (in my opinion) and is parallel to the Japanese "actors" of the Japanese zombie movie Junk. The film is still bad, almost dead House of Dead bad, it's better, no doubt about it, but then again it doesn't talk much. This is not the worst movie, and it's better than many of the direct videos that are there, but at the end it wasn't good. I also think that the movie is really moving very slowly, even though it is only an hour and twenty minutes (and yes, I still don't like the opening song). This type of movie I think is suitable for the first time on the Sci-Fi network. That's why I am obliged to give this movie to ten. But think about it, at least it's not negative.
