Director Sooraj Barjatya Vivah, 20-something, finds Shahid Kapur, the boy of Delhi, himself as a deadly, small town, which his father has chosen to marry. Considering his innocence and simplicity, Shahid hardly agrees with the marriage a moment after he met him at Madhupur's home, and Amrita Rao seems to be equally on the floor with his charming smoke. The marriage is fixed six months later, and the couple finds themselves next to the youthful young love, their geographical distance. But Amrita, who has been raised by her parents and her aunt after the death of their parents, will only hit a terrible accident a few hours before marriage. And then, Shahid's task is to play a respectable lover and embrace him unconditionally. Much like Hum Aapke Hain Koun and Hum Saath Saath Hain, Barjatya's new film, Vivah, is on one level a family drama that has an extremely idealistic premise. Unfortunately, from the point of view of this new film plot, it is too old, even more advanced than the regressive Ekta Kapoor soaps. And the problem is clear? you simply cannot associate with nervous pure characters who have no bad bones in their bodies. There are many things in favor of and against Hindi films, and timing is one such important factor. Twenty-five years ago, the feeling of the Vivahi plot might not seem like such a stretch, but today it seems like a thought product that is stuck in time. Perhaps the only salvation of the film is that it starts from misery from beginning to end, you can immediately point out that the filmmaker's intention is not to be deceived. Considering both Barjatya's earlier films and this new study, you can say for sure that Barjatya believes in the perfect world, believes in the characters of her good things, believes that big families can happily live together under the same roof without the slightest bumps. Unfortunately, he cannot translate his vision into the screen. It's hard to forget how united his main character is? Shahid and Amrita, both virtuous and virgins? I mean, think about it, the first time they hold their hands is an hour and twenty minutes of film. Barjatya may think she will return to her Maine Pyar Kiya roots with Vivah, but the truth is that we took this Salman and Bhagyashree against this movie, or even Salman and Madhuri Hum Aapke Hain Kouni because they had such a fantastic chemistry. Because even though they were created in the same form as Shahid and Amrita in Vivah, these pairs were upset and flabby. Shahid and Amrita are just terrible and boring. A film that depends so much on music to tell its story, the filmmaker chooses seventies-style stories that only reduce the deadly pace of the film. But if I had to choose just one reason why Vivah wasn't working for me, it's because I'm not sure if I can be involved with any character living in Barjatya's story. For some, perhaps, Vivah hopes that such a perfect world will be there somewhere. But I'm a little cynical. So, give me Hum Aapke Hain the beautiful crust Madhuri, give me Maine Pyari Kiya's evil Salman, I'll even take this naughty Karisma Kapoor Hum Saath Saath Hain. But save me from these darts. You know, some marriages aren't in heaven. It's Vivah!
