If this documentary was not famous for French director Louis Malle, I would probably have turned it off after the first 15 minutes because it was an incredibly boring look at the very ordinary Midwestern American city in 1979. my idea of ​​a fun theme and film material closely resembled a home video set. Given that I didn't know any of these people, it was even less interesting. <br /> <br /> Because it was a rather boring lifestyle documentary, I was wondering what message they were trying to convey? Perhaps the values ​​were not as conservative as you think - it was the main message of many vignettes (like Republicans whose son was a draft writer, as well as a man who thought about sex outside marriage). was just good. Or maybe the meaning was that a nice home town was based on a lot of grave problems - when several ugly ideas, such as blaming Jews for financial conspiracy, anti-black horse and homophobia, were briefly examined. <br /> <br /> The 1979 small town was thoroughly explored and depicted as an idyllic world, but when filmmakers returned six years later, the mood was pushed against President Reagan. This seemed very unpleasant for several reasons. First, the 1979 part was almost 90% of the film, and the final 10% was just a few interviews with people who accused the president of everything except acne. But the rest of this city people? Did they see Reagan as evil or that their life had become more negative? With only a few updates, it seemed suspicious. Secondly, although it is true that public debt doubled in the intervening years, gross national product. And while Malle shows a very optimistic period in 1979, it wasn't far since the period from 1974 to 1980 had many shortcomings (gas, sugar, etc.), strikes, high inflation, and a general feeling of malaise. Although I am not a big fan of Reagan because the government's economic growth was not slow during its administration, the country was generally more optimistic than Ford and Carter. While many in the media demonstrated Reagan (the popular sport of the 80s), the economy improved significantly, and the documentary seems to be very one-sided and topical. If the documentary had been more thorough in 1985 and would not have seemed too negative (believing that there was no deterioration in life - it understands common sense), it would have been different. /> <br /> In general, some wonderful documentaries have not proclaimed it - from 1979 to the boring movie until 1985, extremely inclined. By the way, is it just me, or is DROP DEAD GORGEOUS film at least partially inspired by this movie? Both have been set up in similar communities, but the last movie was a fun mockumentary without any serious sub-letters.
