When I started to look at The Muppets Take Manhattan, I am convinced that I will look at something recent so that you can imagine my surprise when I came to IMDb and read that it was made in 1984. The Muppet Show, when it was at its cutting edge, but such spin offs and Muppet Babies (apparently based on a very terrible sequence in this movie) is an absolute zero for all things. I was wondering why Muppets attracted filmmakers like Mr. Cranky, so I'm glad Muppets Manhattan (TMTM) put me in it. Of course, many series have seen a dramatic drop in quality with the appearance of the third episode: aliens, RoboCop, the dead of the dead, even the dead of the living. So while it is not surprising that TMTM is less than The Muppet Movie or The Great Muppet Caper, the surprise is completely less than the fantastic debut or its slightly smaller follow-up TMTM. Music is not only less satisfactory, but all the related scenes are absolutely terrible. <br /> <br /> Of course, there are some redeeming and really funny moments, but they are little and far away. The Swedish chef is great in any scene in which he lives, so thanks to the spirit of small mercies, he appears in a single order, where his eccentricity is fully used. The problem is that there are not just any scenes that work. Such a story revolves around the Broadway musical circle. Kermit tries to get produced. He goes through the road with many trials and tribulations, including seemingly suspicious of what the viewer has all of what we have seen before. The biggest problem is that Kermit does not have a proper antagonist who would work at that time. Charles Durning was a cinema gold like Doc Hopper, a fast food chain owner who wants to use Kermit for his business. Charles Grodin was a dynamite as Nicky Holiday, a jewelry theft that Muppets must fight to save Miss Piggy from his lifetime prison. It is said that the hero is only as good as his antagonist and these two are at least half responsible for the size of the previous two films. <br /> <br /> Charles Grodin also highlights what is wrong with TMTM. Namely, music sucks. The opening number of the Manhattan melodies shows that it is at the heart of the TMTM, to say it beautifully, what is now dominant, the waves seem to be coordinated. I can simply allow my special sensitivity to the voice of words and phrases I like, but songs like Rainbow Connection inspired tears, not irritation. Grodin's great solo at the Great Muppet Caper, while he does not have the same resonance, raises the film's tone eight steps apart. He's all the class. And if there is one thing TMTM could use, it will take eight steps in addition to achieving degree similarity. TMTM also feels a serious time compression, the story jumps from scene to scene without any thought or concurrence of story. Maddox himself stated that transition and cohesion make the film a whole rather than a single part. See if you can find them in TMTM. <br /> <br /> Although TMTM has its own guest stars, they are either badly used (Brooke Shields and John Landis) or completely out of their element (Liza Minelli, Dabney Coleman). To name this is a waste of time for both the puppeteer and the actor. The lack of a final credit routine is especially painful here after Animal is "Go Home" for the "The Muppet Movie" mailbox. Which highlights another problem. Characters are, at best, poorly written, with none of their individual letters being seen or heard. The animal screams from time to time with unique words, but they have nothing to do with the plot or conversation around it. Say what you want to show signs, but think about the moment of the animals after eating fast growth pills or his "sowwy" after the incident when he pulled the window over his muppets. Now, see if you remember a single memorable moment with a single coat of arms, except for a cheerful incomprehension of the three-dimensional film associated with popcorn by the Swedish chef. Give up? Then you have proved your point. <br /> <br /> Given that the maze, one of Henson's best and most timeless products outside Muppet, arrived about two years later, TMTM makes it even more difficult. Perhaps this plague convinced Jim Henson that he was thinking about a strategy for developing and using his character. Or perhaps the offense can be attributed to Frank Oz, who had just finished working with George Lucas during this time on what many agree, the most childish episode in the original Star Wars harvest. Writers also participated in the Great Muppet Caper, so I let them hook up, despite the fact that the script is one of the most important parts of the movie. Here, too, the production has improved significantly, as Muppets seems to be able to move in ways like before. If the story and script were better thought out, TMTM could have been at least comparable to the Great Muppet Caper. At the moment, this is a great answer to the question of whether Muppets writes under the influence or is excreted. <br /> <br /> For this reason, I handed Muppet to Manhattan three times out of ten. The two celebrate its true quality and bonus for the moments of Swedish chefs. Without him, this film would be invisible.
