Just in time to take advantage of the long-awaited version of the "dream" movie, this is half forgotten in the 1976 Year's Musical Melodrama DVD, which also takes Supreme's rise as an inspiration. Released five years before Broadway's opening "Dreamgirls" and partly set for the same period, it's predominantly black cast and a story around the up-and-future girl group, and that's where the similarity basically ends. Written by Joel Schumacher well before he became a great leader in the grandiose studio product ("Batman Forever", "The Opera Phantom"), this film looks like a grittier. Indeed, Schumacher weakens story and character development by injecting a lot of clichés and eye liners. The highly-acclaimed filmmaker Sam O'Steen, but the director of the neophytes, praises the production of low-affinity musical numbers, as a low-budget TV film with a frustratively episodic structure. three Harlem sisters - sexy sister, independent Delores and sweet sparkle - when they sing in the church choir, they meet Stix and Levi, who speak smoothly but with good will, and then find their first dinner as a singer - first as a sweater wearing a sweater called the heart and then a shining trio called sister and sisters. But of course, there are problems besides the foolish name of the group - the sister goes with a disgusting drug dealer with Satin Struthers who wins her and turns her into a cocaine junkie; Levi goes to jail to get drug abuse off for satin; Stix is ​​disappointed by failure and peacefully turns to some Jewish mobiles; Delores just gets back; and the poor little Sparkle must decide what future he wants. The big plus is that R&B's great Curtis Mayfield wrote songs of the atmosphere, some memorable, and one, "Look at your heart," a real winner. Lonette McKee's courageous attempt to make her sister's tragic trail is undermining the appeal of some ham-fisted plots, including the sad Billie Holliday-like move. Before they hit it on the TV, Philip Michael Thomas and Dorian Harewood depict Stix and Levi with boys' vitality, if not much credibility. The best work comes from Mary Alice in a relatively quiet circle as the girl's mother and pre- "Fame" Irene Cara, who, in her role as headline, effortlessly sings (although her client and hairdresser should shoot because she reaches the final scene). The DVD has only an original theatrical trailer equipped with DJ Casey Kasem's secret voice and a five-movie bonus CD that is not performed by the original but by Aretha Franklin, who had recorded a soundtrack in 1976. This is not a terrible movie, but interesting when there is no curio that happens to the same surface as "Dreamgirls".
