Are you familiar with the concept of children's artwork? Although this is not the biggest Picasso of any three-year-old who has ever achieved his fingers, you encourage them to do more. If it is the land that makes them happy, there should be no reason why the parent should bring it back to the child. Usually, if a child loves to paint or draw, you will immediately see the basis for your future style. You start to see their true form in these very primitive doodles. Well, this concept of children's artwork is how I felt Fuqua's depressively cheap and hopeless film Bait. Although all the accounts had this terrible movie, it was impressive that Fuqua's style would start to emerge even from the most striking moments. If you have seen either a training day or King Arthur, you will be impressed by the birth of this director in his second film Bait. While Foxx delivers terrific, endless performance, there are certain scenes that define Fuqua and show their shine behind the camera. Unfortunately, it only appeared in the last thirty minutes of the movie, but if you focus on these scenes, you'll see why Fuqua's name appears so much in "Best Of?" movie listings. <br /> <br /> I never agree with anyone that Fuqua's eyes behind the camera are refreshing and unique. His ability to place the camera in strange places with the simplest emotions is shocking. I'm surprised that more Hollywood has not jumped on this bandwagon. Even in the silly function of Bait, you are witnessing Fuqua's greatness. The two scenes that come straight to mind are the explosion scene in the middle of the movie and the horse scene that is near the end. In both scenes, I saw director Fuquat at work. Unfortunately, for the rest of this movie, I saw almost every movie combination I created. This lucky hero who, by his fortune, if suddenly finds that his life has changed with unknown power, is a classic structure that simply needs to die in Hollywood. We have often seen the two and regardless of who you are (if you are not Charlie Kaufmann), you cannot re-create the wheel. With this genre, it's just impossible and Bait proves. I was angry about Fuqua, that she just sat back and allowed it to happen, which might explain why I watched three views to finish this movie. I was just tired of the structure and even though I hoped Fuqua would redefine it, she didn't. <br /> <br /> Then there was an actor. Although Jamie Foxx hasn't impressed me as an actor, I was ready to give it a try. I wanted to see if he could pull another dramatic role similar to the collateral. I had the impression that it was perhaps the film that was chosen for the producers to show that Foxx was able to fulfill the role of collateral. Again, I was disappointed. Foxx was annoying. Not in the sense that it was his nature, but in the sense that neither Fuqua nor Foxx seemed to take the time to fully train Foxx about what should be ad-slippery and what should be used for the content. Instead, we have a scene in front of the Foxx scene that just tries to laugh at the audience. Adding other long quarries and cultural messages just to keep your audience aware that he was the first comedian, the second actor. Fuqua should have stopped it immediately. Foxx jokes destroyed his character, which in turn left me strong. Instead of developing a mark, he broke a joke. Both styles didn't work, fun wasn't funny. The rest was average. So I mean, I've seen them all in similar roles. They did not bring anything new in the table, nothing definite, and something important about the overall theme of the film. They were pawns filling dead airspace. Fuqual had no control over this confusion and the final decision only supports this charge. <br /> <br /> It was a sad film in general. Since creativity is not prominent, and uncontrollable actors just try to build themselves up, then initially, a decent story began at a faster pace with cinema. Foxx was annoying, without character traits and full of cheese. In every scene I did not see any emotions, and when emotion was needed to convey the message, he decided to take his shirt off rather than solve problems. Are my words tough? I do not belive. If you look at the creativity of any movie you want to see, some edible characters and themes that look like home. Leather did not contain any of them. Although I give credit to Fuquale for the two scenes of the film, the other five hundred were catastrophic. Obviously I took this movie as a feed during the rental, but now that I've seen it, I hope I can stop others with this curious nib. <br /> <br /> Rating: ** out ***** two scenes that were fun to watch
