WATERDANCE (1991) The main character of The Waterdance played by Eric Stoltz finds himself in a rehabilitation center where some others injured. And there he faces a tough new life that is confined to a wheelchair. This is an interesting and promising assumption, but unfortunately it cannot be used. Instead, it is largely a Hollywood schmaltz, with some interesting moments. Certainly the cast (Eric Stoltz, William Forsythe, Wesley Snipes, etc.) is excellent and works well here as one would expect, but their talents are wasted. Characters are mainly stereotypes of one or the other, and most of them are highly unlikely (the Snipes character is the exception). I think it is an attempt to break people's ideas that people with disabilities are "exhausted" or "weak", depicting them mostly on their face, but it is a totally annoying experience. Indeed, it shows you something that people with permanent disabilities pass through in a way that is not softened or romantic, which is a useful and good idea, but while the depicted process can make one difficult person together and it is worth it not to be integral, that these signs must be despicable to varying degrees. Nor should they be Disneyfied; definitely somewhere in the middle. According to the film's conclusion, Eric Stoltz's character has accepted the status of a disabled person, but because he is such a despicable daffodil monster from the beginning to the end of the film, we couldn't care less. <br /> <br /> In addition to their inherent problems, this strange syndrome of the film is suffering so many Hollywood films; the syndrome does not really have an official name, but you can call it "unexplained forgiveness syndrome". It's going to be something like this: the characters abuse the crap out of each other, and then, without excuses, everything is forgiven (a particularly reluctant example of this is The Breakfast Club, where one character spends most of the filming of bullying in all ears, so they love him in one last example, Spiderman 3, supervillain Sandman sets waste on a piece of Manhattan, then drives Spiderman, which seems to be about 15 monotonous minutes before it is "bye", which is now) The most convincing example of IFS in The Waterdance is the order where after that when William Forsythe's racist biker character and his previous scene friends are called n-words, Wesley Snipes's character gets the same Forsythe character. the next scene as if something had changed in just a short time. Again, without "Oh yes, sorry for this business where I, you know, called you the n-word". It makes me wonder if these people are watching these movies before they release them, or are they just filming them with closed eyes, bouncing them together in the editing room according to the scene number and calling it the day's work?
