Stifler has finished his naked miles and is now at Beta House. Crazy things happen, people who run naked and jokes are fun and this series is dead in the water. Naked Mile was a filthy film, but I found it to be much better than Band Camp. They seem to have gone back to those who didn't work for them, and that shows they don't care. You can tell where the target audience is and they created it perfectly. Young teenage boys who want to see naked women, raw humor and drinking beer, love the Beta House, all others can look pretty much. time special effects. The Lord of the Rings created the mythical creatures and the massive battles that blinded the world. Matrix changed the way action and sci / fi movies were made, especially with top-notch special effects. With all the advances in technology, we are unexpectedly expecting the next big thing that fell on our jaws floor. Then comes American Pie: Beta House, which pushes the boundaries of this technology. When people have created space ships, landscapes and beings with CGI, Beta House decides to use this technology to create sperm. Yes, the thing that creates life, what you see so many times in pornographic movies, is created and the time slows down to show us that the white residue lets space over the teddy bear. Is it funny? Nasty? No? Beta House shows more nudity than The Naked Mile, which is surprising given the title of the previous installment. Does the film need it? Of course not, will it ever make a plot, will it ever be? Does it ever laugh? Have the young boys ever awakened? Yes, women are beautiful, but if I'm the one who thinks there is too much nudity, then you can just do your own porn. and does not mind the viewer, as previous girls have done in the series, but never believed that this character ever does what he does. I'm pretty sure that the action of each of the characters in this movie is far from realistic. The American Pie series has fallen from the realm of reality to the fantasy world. None of the events in this movie ever happen if they ever did, then I have to go to school right away. Does this film require people to feel they have a good time? Well, that doesn't mean we look at them in good time, at the end of the movie, we hate them for all the fun they have. <br /> <br /> The film, but in order to make it "funny" for today's audience, they decided to replace the balls with sports. Are you laughing yet? Instead of putting themselves in the head of a sperm or face, they put a gun in their mouth. Are you laughing on the floor yet? For the first time, we introduce Stifler to a roommate that she is having sex with her girlfriend. Do you still enjoy nudity? The film first seems to be how the boys try to enter the fratmaja, but then it shifts to those who are already in the frathouse, but need certain tasks. Then the competition between cries and boys shifts. It gets a little bit of "Nerds" vengeance and seems to be inappropriate. I honestly don't know what these films are all about, because it goes all over the place. <br /> <br /> Most comedies seem to be shocking. Even at the beginning with his father, who showed his son a list of the people with whom he had sex. There is a joke somewhere, I think it may be that her husband is not a surname in the list, or it could have been that one of his son's friend's mothers was on the list. Both, it doesn't work. <br /> <br /> I think that if you haven't thought about it yet, this movie is not funny. Nor does it seem to be focused, the story is pathetic, and the so-called raw humor that the series is known to is not a shock. Leave this flat installment and also the future. I don't know why I've seen all the items in the series, but for an unknown reason, they seem to have been in my eyes.
