... that Jamie Foxx could ever offer such a wonderful Oscar winning performance. One of the reasons I was so impressed with Foxx's performance in "Ray" was because he looked at his teeth, reluctantly acting in films such as "Bait" and "Booty Call", I would never imagine he would ever hold an Oscar . When people told me five years ago that Jamie Foxx was one day to win the Oscar, I would laugh at my face. Who knows? Maybe he has a better drama, because when you look at "Bait", it is clear that comedy is not his forte. I swear, Jamie grows so much in this movie that I'm surprised that her face didn't fall. And why does he have to make these foolish voices at every opportunity? Anyone who knows comedies like Bob Newhart and Steven Wright knows that making comedy doesn't require loud and reluctant. If the joke is funny, it's funny. If it is not funny, then nothing will make the focus of madness. The problem I have with some comedians who decide to act is that they are in favor of being laughed at by nature. In real life, normal people do not always have sharp returns and smiles. As Albert Brooks said in an interview where his character "Taxi Driver" was discussed, it is important to be as funny as his character, not to be funny as a comedian. Jamie's example of a violation of this rule is the nausealy horrifying scene where her gravel images are taken, and she starts taking photos like a model. If a regular person is thrown into prison, does he really act funny when his gravel shot is made? And wouldn't the police try to scare him when he was? The whole movie has so many scenes. Another terrible sequence is where Jamie is inadvertently in the phone, and he starts making a fake Caribbean accent. Not funny! Not to mention Jamie never seems to be timing. Giving a comic presentation requires patience while it goes straight to the punchline, be it the right time or not. I'm not even a big fan of Mike Epps, but even his performance is good compared to Jamie. In fact, I felt it was the first time I felt it was somewhat lightened when it appeared on the screen. Epps has the same mistakes in comedy, but at least it chooses a lower key approach. One of the few bright spots in this comedy clunk is David Morse, a very underrated actor, mostly known for his supporting roles as a villain. It looks like he is the only actor who actually treats it. But the fellow "Green Mile" star Doug Hutchison is surprising. A big surprise, given that he gave a great result to "The Green Mile", playing heavy. Antoine Fuqua has proven her leadership in films like "The Replacement Killers" and "Training Day". Even in "Baitis" he shows that he can direct the action sequence to hell. His only problem seemed to be the discipline of Jamie Foxx, who apparently improvised half a script after one bad luck. If you are not a Foxx hard fan, don't take the feed.
