The graph of this terrible movie is so complicated that I make a spoiler alert because I'm not sure if I will give anything away. The audience first sees a man in Jack Ripper who murdered an alley a hundred years ago. Then we are up to this day and a young Australian couple is looking for a house. We are given an incredibly long tour of this house and the husband looks in the old mirror. There lived a 105-year-old woman there. There are also large iron panels that cover the wall. An outdated straight razor drops out when they renovate and the husband keeps it. I think he's going to get the razor because he's going to be strange dreams. Oh yeah, the couple can't get the kids because the husband sweeps the spaces. <br /> <br /> Some shapes stand on the wall when the pair removes iron panels and has a human shape. Late delays are a big money cache plot and the husband murders the body guard and associate and steals money. His wife is suddenly pregnant. <br /> <br /> What the hell is going on? Who knows?? NOT explained. Was the 105-year-old woman a child of a serum killer? Child's sister? WHY were the iron panels on the wall? How would this serial killer contain in the basement? Was he locked by the family and dead or starved? Who is Mr. Hobbs and why is he so desperate to get iron panels? He's never seen him before. WHY a series of killers killed people? We only see that one old man was murdered. Was there a pattern or motif or something? WHY A WOMAN WOMAN Suddenly Get Pregnant? Is this a serum killer demon? Has he managed to penetrate a man's sperm? And why, if the husband is able to humiliate and murder a huge, brutal security guard, will he fail to win his wife? And how big is the Australian tension system to knock him down the room, just cutting the light wire? And why is she staying in the house? Does he now have a serum killer? Is the child a killer who has been reintroduced again? <br /> <br /> This movie was such a frustrating experience that I wanted to call my PBS station and ask for money back! The ONLY enjoyable aspect of this story was to see that the husband ran a lot of time in his boxer shorts, but even that could not redeem this confusing inconsistency.
