German nutcracker Jörg Buttgereit probably has fans - but I don't know why and I'm certainly not one of them! The only Buttgereit movie I saw before was Nekromantik and I hated every minute, but - shockingly - this movie is worse! Der Todesking is meaningless in the same way as Nekromantik, but it is a worse film because it is boring so that few movies have ever succeeded (not far from the Blair witch project). Some people say this movie is "sick" and "shocking", but that's not really the case. The director may be related to death, but only he knows what it is. How could anyone watch this movie and be something other than what is boring with it is completely over me. The film revolves around the subject of suicide and monitors the death of seven different people within a week. Yes, that means we have a meaningless and boring episode on Monday, a meaningless and boring episode on Tuesday, a meaningless and boring episode on Wednesday, etc. etc. This movie can be even more boring than my average week! <br /> <br /> Der Todesking is probably an "art" film, although it seems to be a reference to how not very meaningful, not a reference to a film similar to "art." Every movie segment is meant to tell a separate story - but that's not! We get a little sketch of suicide quickly and it just makes you think what that is. The film seems to be deep, but there is a big gap where intelligence should be and nothing to fill it. Buttgereit uses some nice pictures; but i probably can't remember any of them for more than a week or so because this movie is not just memorable. There's a beating that involves a decaying man's body that has quite a lot of qualities, but it gets older quite quickly, and all you have left is the rest of the film, which is regrettable. If I wanted to talk about good stuff for this mess I just think of it; The title sounds cool. As I mentioned, Nekromantik is the only other film I've seen from this amateur director; I have copies of Schram and Necromantics 2, and now I have no speed to look at. Der Todesking is a boring film that doesn't make sense, and anyone who calls it "art" is very wrong. Give her something.
