To avoid confusion, let me explain a few points: I'm not a red neck. I'm not even moderate or conservative. On the contrary, I am radical: liberal. I'm not a WASP, I wasn't even born in countries. <br /> <br /> Jorge Luis Borges had previously said that there is a folk who does not know poetry and that these sad people usually serve their living teaching poetry. This film was made by people and people who do not know poetry that is intended and intended to be shown; and i dare say that people and people who have no reason or no life or death for other people (especially when victims are mostly considered "bloody imperialists" who were killed in yankee soil) respect. to find the original marketing paths of eleven minutes, nine seconds, and eleven episodes of one frame, which is especially frightening and repulsive. Just terrible. Why didn't they set as much budget for one episode as individuals were murdered cruelly in the attack? The whole idea is just somewhere between stupidity and reckless fascism. Anyone who is serious about making movies (and serious about life and death) should have been angryly refused to participate in this memory innuendoes and non-sequiturs. With two exceptions, Burkina Faso - an almost amusing - and an Indian episode that documented the story of an unfairly and improperly investigated man in connection with the attack, based on the fact that he did not do it later. Don't get back home and he was an American Muslim (and, to be honest, when the facts were known, he was a hero). All the other nine episodes that are essentially and very boring and emotional can be listed in two different categories: <br /> <br /> First of all: “I don't care about thousands of victims: Americans, aliens, children, young people, adults, old times. .. ”and they can continue with pure boredom and lack of emotions. Makhmalbafi (Iran); In Lelouch (France)? I'm afraid I will dedicate myself to heresy because it's Lelouch, but maybe his episode can be considered a built idea that could be considered almost original; Tanovic (Bosnia and Herzegovina); Gonzalez Inarritu (Mexico); Gitaï (Israel); Penn's (USA) <br /> <br /> Second: "Bloody Yankees deserve it". And it can continue in frustration and hatred. Chahine (Egypt) confirms suicide bombers; Loach (UK) finds that 9/11 reckless attacks were a punishment for US alleged support for the Chilean dictatorship led by serial killer Augusto Pinochet, in fact, someone should tell Mr Loach that Pinochet's victims were not linked to Al-Qaida and that Chile is a South American country whose only existence Mr Bin Laden should have ignored, he must also be informed that the American government's sanctions against the Chilean dictatorship were more severe than any other ciountrie; and Imamura (Japan) clearly points out that World War II is linked to an attack on WTC. Imamura has been at least consistent in this respect: the supposed causal linkage is completely meaningless, playing well with his episode, including a man who believes himself to be a snake. It pretends to be hidden. Instead, it is quite ridiculous. <br /> <br /> Many, including some Americans, share a mistake, and this is a belief that this film has not been commercially reviewed by any country. censorship. In fact, there is nothing further: this film was not viewed in the countries because it is a complete fiasco. Most fascinating fiasco. Even in Buenos Aires, where peronism and other forms of fascism are closest and more expensive to the hearts of a large number of inhabitants, and anti-Americanism is in fashion, the film was watched in living rooms, which quickly became theaters and approved by the very public: ordinary saddles who traditionally give their applause other equally "wonderful" glasses. Similar to McDonald's fast food restaurant, seeing a visionary or a senior Jew who is burned to ashes.
