Singleton has some serious problems he has to deal with. I feel he thinks he's pretty smart; but this film is almost comic transparent and itself fair. In addition, there are a number of "very true" messages, such as our local Nazi jerks. I mean, who in the right sense starts to root out a lot of Nazi jerks? But he says how Singleton is a "fight" is totally stupid and seems to be meant to show us the higher fighting qualities of the black main characters than anything else. There is another "bad boy" (actually a drunken boy) who rapes one of the main characters of the film. In this case, I think Singleton actually does a nice job, which is probably an overly general situation when the involved woman asks to use a condom in the frat shop and does not have or does not want to use it. In any case, he disagrees with his demands for him to stop, and he continues the relationship, despite his allegations. I think this rape is too widespread and, in fact, many out-of-date people have refused to even rape. Well, no, no, it's rape that is likely to happen in universities across the country. <br /> <br /> When Singleton has found rape, how do you deal with it? When a frat boy tries to summon a woman, his roommate refuses to put the victim on the phone, and then the frat boy calls the roommate "black bitch". The afflicted roommate appears to have appealed to an Ice Cube and other lawyer who then humiliates and abuses the frat boy for repeated and longer apologies for his racist remarks. however, it is not mentioned (apparently in Singleton's mind) rape more violently. Again, nobody should really worry about frat-boy; However, Singleton seems to be sending a double message that racist comment is a greater offense, rape, and in any case, violence is justifiable against barriers. <br /> <br /> What's so ultimately that this movie might be really important, but Singleton, though undoubtedly a talented director, doesn't seem to have the maturity or depth to pull anything like that size.
