Blob begins with one of the most bizarre songs singing by all the people who have not been written by Burt Bacharach! You really need to hear it, Blob may be worth only this song alone and my user commentary is just a little tasty stylish lyrics ... After this irritating opening of the credit sequence Blob introduces us, the viewer, ie Steve Andrews (Steve McQueen as Steven McQueen ) and his girlfriend Jane Martin (Aneta Corsaut), who has parked somewhere and witnesses a meteorite that falls into the nearby forests. The old man (Olin Howland as I was Howlin), who lives in the cab, sees it and goes to study, he finds a crater and a strange football-sized stone that opens when he wisely closes. Placing in the middle of a meteorite is a strange jelly like substance that sticks to it when you know what I mean! Then it slips and attaches itself to the old man's hand. Meanwhile, Steve & Jane is quietly looking at his business as the old man runs out of Steve's car, Steve is a decent kind of man who decides to take an old man to Dr. T. Hallan (Alden 'Stephen' Chase to Steven Chase) in a local operation. Dr Hallan says he doesn't know what an old man's hand is, but it gets bigger and asks Steve to go back where he found him and whether he can find out what happened. Steve agrees, but does not come out and return to dr. City Police, Lieutenant Dave (Earl Rowe), and Teenage Hate Sergeant Jim Bert (John Benson) surprisingly don't believe this word and suspect that Steve and his associates Al (Anthony Franke), Tony (Robert Fields), and someone called "Mooch "Miller (James Bonnet), the police department is playing a complicated practical joke. However, when the blob continues to eat, it is through the town of Steve to find evidence of its existence and to convince the police of the danger it has not only to its city but to the whole world. <br /> <br /> Directed by Irvin S Yeaworth Jr. and Unredited Russell S. Doughton Jr. I was disappointed with it, the original version of The Blob in 1958. Kay Linaker as Kate Phillips & Theodore Simonson's script is absolute boring and extremely boring, not using the strongest aspects. Blob focuses on tiring drama and conflict between teenagers and the police. In fact, most of Blob is spent on Steve, trying to convince the police of the presence of the stain. For most films, the blemish seems almost unimportant and somewhat forgotten. It's just two or three scenes for an hour and a little less than an exciting peak when adults and teenagers have to work together to hit the beat and gain new successes one after the other. Why couldn't the stain just eat? There is no explanation of what the blob or its origin is except for how long did it come from space? Dialogue is silly and stupid, as do people's actions and decision-making, I love the part as a sister named Kate (Lee Paton as Lee Payton, did anyone use their real name in this matter)? he throws acid on it and peacefully proclaims "doctor, nothing stops it!", how does he know that "something" stops it exactly? There is no blood or violence, so don't worry that the special effects of the stain are not too bad, but it hardly has any screen time and is moving very slowly, a bit like a movie in general. Action is terrible, McQueen should be a teenager when he was actually 28 years old and shows he's old enough to be a father's father! The same is true for most of the other teenage cast members, and everything is generally wood and convincing in their roles. Technically Blob is a very common, dark static photography, boring direction and forgotten product value. Blob is one of those films that apparently sounds good on paper and is known as "classic", but it is really a big disappointment. This is one case when The Blob (1988) relocation is definitely better than the original. The original Blob is slow and boring and the remake is not, the original Blob does not contain blood or gore & remake, the original Blob is incredibly bad for action and election decisions and the remake is not & original Blob itself with little screen time to eat only three or four people in the entire movie and The remake features stain all the way and it practically eats the whole city. The choice is simple, reprocessing every time it is a better film in every sense. I'll give the film two stars and give it a great headline song. Certainly, the classic will not look out.
