It is nothing more than a strange coincidence that I decided to watch STARLIFT on the 59th anniversary of June 1950 when President Truman ordered US troops in the Korean War. STARLIFT, you see, is largely based on the Travis Air Force in California in the years when it was used as a staging point for soldiers to be deported to Korean soldiers. But you need to do your research to find out, because the name "Korea" is never mentioned during the movie. We see that airplanes fly out of fresh forces and return to wounded soldiers, but don't mention where these men are fighting or injuring. What's sort of strange for a movie designed to wave flags and greet American men in a uniform way. Published in December 1951, Warner Brothers, STARLIFT, is a very obvious effort to repeat the success of the so-called "Hollywood Diner", a so-called "World War II" duo with a studio star. This 1944 crowd narrator told the story of two soldiers who spent their last three nights during their holiday at a famous nightclub in LA, hoping to get a date for Joan Leslie. But it was just a pretext for Warners to bet out all contract letters from Joan Crawford, John Garfield and Barbara Stanwyck to Peter Lorre, Bette Davis, Sydney Greenstreet and more. STARLIFT has two Air Force soldiers hoping to meet the fictional Nell Wayne (Masquerade Janice Rule) and convince a number of Warner Brose stars to exhibit departing troops. But instead of Crawford, Garfield and other best brothers, Warner, were captured in 1951 by Doris Day, Ruth Roman, Gordon MacRae, Virginia Mayo, Gene Nelson, and Phil Harris with short performances by James Cagney, Randolph Scott, and clearly embarrassed for Gary Cooper. This threaded mold, the combined star power of which makes it difficult to illuminate a standard lamp, fits perfectly with cracked production values. Probably trying to save money, several long scenes were put into place, really using a very bad project. How bad is it? You see a union where the screen matches the soundtrack floor! To describe STARLIFT as a creepy, lazy, and third-speed film is to make decorations for films that are salmon, lazy, and third. It's just terrible. Avoid it.
