Whoa boy. <br /> <br /> Ever wanted to watch a documentary that tells about your life and what's all about him? Well they exist in many forms. But have you ever wished to look at this documentary about someone who could not do anything at last, despite the fact that everyone praises how much he is "genius"? You might just grab the camera and find someone from such a local scene (I know they're everywhere and I don't even watch the local scene), or you can save money by watching this race. <br /> <br /> The prerequisite is good and, frankly, filmmakers are not exactly aware of where he is going, because it is one of the difficulties in making a documentary. We are ready to follow two ensembles: Brian Jamestown's massacre led by Anton and Dandy Warhols, led by Courtney. I've heard of Dandy Warholes before watching this movie ... not as Brian Jamestown massacre. Why? Well from the point of view of documentary films, as Brian Jamestown's blood sample groups dysfunction refused them the ability to do it in the music industry. But instead of getting two separate bands for analysis and how it succeeded, the focus is much more on Anton and his madness. <br /> <br /> Because, Anton is a "genius." Because he plays rock music. He really "understands the evolution of music" ... because he plays rock music with many different instruments. His music is considered "postmodern retro, but for the future" because it is rock music. He wants to bring out a "revolution" through rock music. All right, let's be honest ... twenty minutes, and this is one of the stupid kids I take care of watching a documentary. <br /> <br /> The documentary itself is unable to prove any Anton talent, because by the nature of editing the 2000-hour material, up to two hours, we don't really have time to focus on it. That's why we look at Anton, the "genius", a socio-maniac loser, we were a two-hour jerk and just say we understand that he did really good music. Whether he did or not, I do not know, because it does not like the documentary had enough time to prove it. I know that then there is a story of some selfish unpleasant twerpse that runs across the country, calling itself a God of music and doing nothing to back it up. Why even without it? People like Anton do not deserve the attention they are looking for, the hope and admiration of all these people, and especially the failed pause for the lost potential. This movie plays like a two-week-old VH1, which is a special reason: it goes on and on, but it's all about image and attention. Look at the boy, see how he dresses, see how he works, see how he tries to create contradictions because he can't afford marketing. Joel, and this is due to someone in this documentary, Joel is the only person who seems to have fun. Perhaps it is because he is a tambourine man. The rest of them are all "rock star"! They deserve our attention and admiration and interest and commitment! They are there to save "rock and roll". Do you remember when the white stripes had to "save the stone and roll"? Yes, it was because of Anton, and it is "selfish, not to mention me (Anton) for inspiration." What a load. People like Anton are the best to forget. This documentary explains why mainstream music is so dumb - because music has to deal with people like Anton who can live, and eventually they get really just safe and passionate. Thank you, Anton. Your antics destroyed the music for everyone you touched, regardless of the opposite opinion. And when people "feel" disagree with Anton and he really was a genius, it still shows how bad this documentary is, that it cuts it. <br /> <br /> - PolarisDiB
