I still don't know why I forced myself to go through the whole thing. This "film" was not worth the Memorex DVD-R that it burned; I thought I was looking in the middle of a group of school students stealing their parents' camcorders. This is still the worst movie ever. I really want to dig Aaron Yamasat out of my heart for two hours that he stole from my life. So, probably, it should be bad; However, if you were to go into hell and be forced to look at this 90-minute doo-doo spiral, you can see that Yamasato is really trying to make a great flick. The actors try dramatic kick-ass performances that are comparable to Crimson Tide, but go closer to The Marine. Camera corners are terrible. The story is the best C-film - the plot is not even a good enough B-film caliber. Dialogue is trying to be dynamic and funny, but it's like everything else. The rumor is that the paper copy of the scenario is pulled by flies. Plus, the techno score is annoying ... not because it's a techno, but because it's a non-STOP. That's right, music is playing in EVERY TIME, acting as a subconscious, how bad it is. I don't care about what the disclaimer says, I don't buy it. BOTS was not made purposeful because it takes itself too seriously when it was: a joke. <br /> <br /> This "movie" was a very low budget. But this is not an excuse for this record-breaking miracle. Big movies are born of content, not budget. BOTS didn't. Samurai came, I'd be there faster than Steven Seagal's enforcement decision. <br /> <br /> Certainly, some people are trying to protect the film. Two, maybe three. They say, "It's a floor lighthouse!" or "good cheese"! or "it's so bad, it's good!" These people are idiots. The film is either good or bad. There is no such thing as a good bad movie. But there are things like idiots that like movies. Don't do me wrong; There are many cornball-non-to-be-serious movies out there that are enjoyable and fun. Slither is one. BOTS is not. <br /> <br /> It takes about one and a half hours to breastfeed and in my humble opinion it is 90 minutes too long. The best thing about this "movie" is with a DVD cover, so the next time you're close to the Wal-Mart DVD tray package, check it out.
