Like most reviewers, I saw it in Starz! Demand. After previewing her girlfriend, she decided not to look at it when the preview was bad. On the other hand, I thought it was strange enough to justify viewing. I mean, dr. The Meso design justified at least a brief sweeping of this title. After watching it, I can say that although there are some interesting aspects (namely browsing laptops and finding an incomprehensible story), it is better to switch over. <br /> <br /> * Major Spoilers Ahead * After his first video on his unfinished CD, Cassidy killed the lead singer trying to get his boyfriend to notice him. Three months later, the band tries to decide whether or not they will end the disc. To try and see what Cassidy wanted, they're going to look at their old psychic friend, Dr Meso, and try to contact him. When reading his card, Dr Meso appears on four straight Death cards for the rest of the band members. The bad time is ahead. (I just wanted to think that later in the movie it explains that the death card is really a change. I knit at least. But when in the bathroom, Cassidy's best friend, Dora, gets a glimpse of her dead friend. When the other band's companion controls her, Dora stands in the dark, asking for sunglasses. This is when the killing begins. <br /> <br /> My main problem with a movie coming from very close movies is that it seems to be difficult to stylize. Too many twisted defects, unnecessary zooming, and many other cheap effects understand this movie. Nor is there anything confusing. Although the narrative hangs with the first part, Cassidy's resurrection breaks down. We have jumps on Cassidy and Dr. Meso (who understood the mysteriously locked building) showing that they are in some way connected. But within a few minutes of this revelation we find that Cassidy is indeed an independent Meso. He then turns his hand on his revenge, and he scares it to remind Jack Nicholson as Jokerit. But not well. <br /> <br /> From now on, Cassidy's location is displayed, but strange expires because the character moves from place to place almost sequentially. One scene that Cassidy sees at the table when the sign enters the next is not anywhere. When he moves behind the table, we see him at the end of the corridor. Then in another room, grabbing the keys (which they already have), then back. Not to mention that Cassidy's mood seems to be a complete catalyst for 180 from one moment to another. One moment he wants to kill everyone (although he's only wounded with 90% of characters) - the next he apologizes to everyone and walks through the door to die again. Sound is confusing? This is because it is. It's a confusing confusion that I'm sure the writer couldn't even figure out. <br /> <br /> Most of the performances are wood. However, some are interesting, but in general it is not a piece that is known for its function. The story is the driving force behind this work.
