I hope the viewer who sees "Dream Machine" as one of Corey Haim's best and "century's best movie" jokes. My unrecognized sarcasm? I sincerely hope it. <br /> <br /> "Dream Machine" stands for the first long line of mediocre capers to break the rest of Corey Haim's career (with the exception of "Rollerboys" prayer, which was surprisingly decent). Here, Haim plays a strange college boy, Bernie, who assumes that the cool girl will attract the attention of her dream girl. Happy Bernie, a rich woman who wants to return to her cheated husband, decides to reward her loyal piano tuner - Bernie - with a gift: slippery Porsche Turbo. But it is unfortunate for the woman and Bernie that her dead wife was murdered and her body was kept in the trunk. Being in this film does not seem to break the bodies or a rather unpleasant funk, Bernie is unaware of it. In fact, it is not a forgotten boy's idea that something suspicious is going on, despite several odd circumstances. He is especially followed by a grizzly man who wants to get his body relatively unnoticed. <br /> <br /> This is a low grade action that discourages so many Haim films (see The Double O Kid). Despite being a part-time activity, part of a romantic comedy, this movie does not offer the viewer much interest for at least forty-five minutes, when filmmakers take more than enough time to show an immediate problem (ie Bernie is in possession) of a car and a body and a hit a man who discovers that Porsche is hard to find). After that and due to bad action by Haim (I also loved this child, but it's not exactly the sanctity to admit the times when it was obviously unable to do well) and the absence of a real exchange and emergency between Bernie and the fraudster who does not have much of the events convincing and as a result unsuitable. To add crimes, the soundtrack was incredibly ridiculous and there were more obvious songs you heard in Team America (see "date" editing). <br /> <br /> Loyal Corey Haim fans, however, should not be disappointed to see their boy's abundance. But others realize that Haim's career has probably reached the top of the 14th or 15th year and never got back, he can expect mediocrity, as well as viewers looking for time in the early 90s.
