So I rented it from Netflix because someone gave me Roger Ebert's book "I hated, hated, hated this movie" and he gave it a rare zero-star rating in the book and said at the end of his initial review "Mad Dog Time should be cut to offer the poor So I thought from Ebert that I could see if it was really as bad as he said. I know most societies say they don't listen to critics and decide for themselves, but I couldn't express how much did I hate this junk like Ebert and never after Ebert's review of Rob Reiner's "North", where he said he hated this movie ten times when I had ever heard such a glorious hatred of the film. what i don't think it would be horrible to see Dreyfuss as a gangster when the scenario of this movie is well-written. Although the film begins with Jeff Goldblum, saying that he enjoyed watching Dreyfuss' girlfriend when Dreyfuss was in a hospital, the film starts with a decent dialogue after opening the credit. But after this first 4 or 5 minutes, the remaining 85 minutes are just blank characters that tell us meaningless garbage within 30 seconds, then someone gets off. Then there are a lot of jokes that Dreyfuss is mentally ill. Haha. Not funny. Then we get an unpleasant and uncomfortable scene that parodies Frank Sinatra's "My Way", which Gabriel Byrne sang apparently to insult Dreyfus. Of course, because the scenario was written at the sixth grade level, Dreyfuss makes Byrne five times and Byrne just doesn't die. Do we have to take care of the audience or be a little funny? I can definitely tell you that I don't care or find it funny. I am not only disappointed at Dreyfuss (who I admire as a lot of actor) in the production and starring of this generation, but I am also very disappointed with Jeff Goldblum because it appeared in the same year when "Independence Day" was the biggest brand film of the year and finally one of the most successful films in history. Did Goldblum feel that "Independence Day" would be a flop and then take the next role he was offered to make money when "Independence Day" was a bomb? What was the star of the Oscar winner and the two biggest money-making stars in history? The opening order of "Mad Dog Time" says the film is set on another planet. Now I want to have wasted 93 minutes of looking at this trash that it has been in the planet's theaters and opened where it is supposed to happen, so that everyone on this planet would never be out of the ridiculous 93-minute waste of my life, which I can't never back. Ebert says the film should have been cut off. Every dog ​​"Mad Dog Time" should be casting gasoline and burning on fire. I still have the worst movie I've ever seen because it has won that honor as the worst movie.
