What an insult to Olivia D'Abole, who plays Robin's film hero, that Keanu Reeves would appear so great in the art of film art (and at least in recent trips that the box would be Reeves only) given that he was a star. I understand this is his name that sells this long-forgotten After School Special, but at least gives the woman credit. Nonetheless, it must be one of the worst teenage sporting topics I've ever seen, and it struggles hard to include not only teenagers and teenagers of the sport movie clichés in the amusement gymnastics for teen romance. And trying to somehow offer himself as an amateur alternative to Flashdance (music in one of the dance scenes in a store is even close to Michael Sembello's noticeable "Maniac", which was owned by Flashdance, or was it the opposite?). It includes similar dance series and even worse, even in the 80s dance and sport traditions between hero dances between the heroine and his antagonist (s) who doubt his progress and abilities in the team. We saw it in Trashin (vert ramp racing) and Radil (BMX dancing on a prom, although it wasn't much for the competition but for fun). In fact, this movie is full of unrealistic corniness, such as a somewhat homo-erotic roll of the Salvation Army dressing up with Robin and his friend team. <br /> <br /> However, the film is about a young girl from a rather poor background. When he needs a great deal of need to squeeze the audience as much as he can, he lives in his distressed mother, his unpleasant sister and his careless (and slightly abusive) stepfather. Needless to say, homelife is not so appealing. Add to the mix, the ability to exercise, but there are several obstacles to joining the team (including his arrogant, snobby teammates and coach who doubts his ability to compete well). And of course we can't forget that he has eyes on one beautiful boy who has met one of his uncomfortable teammates and that he doesn't have a permanent boyfriend (though Keanu, as Tommy enters the picture later). Will this child be more pathetic? And it seems that one confusion after another is embarrassing in its painfully long, redundant and cliché attempts to prove its worth to everyone. <br /> <br /> But even the main pleasures that make up the majority of the film are hardly worth noting, given that the greatest attention to this film is terrible action and dialogue. (I like how the gym trainer suddenly appears on the dinner night in a diner to compete with teammates). This makes "Amazing Stories" episodes into Shakespeare. <br /> <br /> I imagine that someone who can find and watch this movie is probably due to a nostalgic factor. You can be satisfied with this, but it is also an incredibly forced drama. So, Caveat Emptour.
