After watching this movie, I left two very annoying to this film: why did they make Chen's character a "McGuyver hit" and Lee's character as such an incompetent idiot? The background of Chen's character is that he was raised in underground Cambodian orphanages for a blood thirst quencher where they learn to die like wild "dogs". This detail is pushed out early in the scene when it enters the cabin and when it starts driving, it shows how familiar it is with the seat belt. Soon after this scene he has a similar situation in the dim sum restaurant. He is not only uneducated but starving. This is not a reference to Chen's cramped body, but to two earlier scenes in a movie where he eats food, one of which is rice porridge from the floor of the old deck of the old ship. In the first ten minutes of this movie, it has been proven that Chen is unscrupulous, unmodified and has the only thing that goes for him, his "dog" capturing some fighting style. Despite this situation, Chen succeeds in firing out every policeman (even if one can enrich a metal tube ball to catch a boy who has been hostage to Chen's girlfriend) and has somehow achieved the ultimate human strength (swing 50 LB concrete block plastered on a metal pipe, police chief) Head to AS who has got her chest, said Prime Minister. <br /> <br /> Now Lee's character ... okay I get it, he's in depression, he's got some luggage, but wow, does he get anything At one point they try to cool him down, prepare and take care of the business, and the next time he got him again. The first scene he runs on Chen manages to miss him several times, at the end of this scene. and the co-worker slowly put a long knife on his neck for 5 seconds, keeping the gun on Chen's face, 10 feet away. Even at the end of the movie, Lee manages to force his death and fail again. <br /> <br /> And my biggest problem with this movie is that it is presented in a way that filmmakers try to get the audience familiar with Chen's character and that he just "kills to survive." It would be much easier if I just didn't look at Chen to kill the innocent people in the whole terrible movie. Of the many people he killed, only two had the intention of killing him, police commander and Lee. Others were just people who eat, boat owners, taxi drivers and police officers who tried to arrest him, not to kill him. Generally, Chen's character is just a cold-blooded killer who kills for what he wants, even if it's just a free ride. (Did I mention that he carries hundreds of dollars in most of the film?) My 3 stars go to some interesting director / cameraman who got some nice shots. <br /> <br /> Bottomline: One made for the nutcracker Chen fans. For Me "Dog Bite This DVD"
