With my "School-Aid drinkers" remark, I want to say that these are the dedicated fans of Pavarotti that they are not trying to objectively evaluate this movie. Giving it to ten is similar to giving Wally Cox a prize to Mr. Universe or a velvet Elvis painting creator !!! When this film debuted, I remember wild comments with titles like "No, Giorgio" and some said it was one of the worst films. This is definitely over. Although it was bad and far from a great piece of art, the film was a lot of fun and the biggest shortage of the movie was not Pavarotti's work or its perimeter. <br /> <br /> Believe it or not, it is a mistake to blame only the writers on the shoulders (who, I believe, were reflections). It is rarely seen such a cliché dialogue or funny scenes such as food struggle, but even they are not at the heart of the problem. The problem is that the writers intend to take care of the audience for a "romance" that consists of a hornys married middle-aged man and a seemingly desperate woman. Maybe European viewers may be more forgiving about this, but in the United States in 1982 or today, it seems that such romance seems buggy and selfish - especially when Pavarotti tells Harrold he loves his wife and "it's just fun". Wow, talk about romantic dialogue! Unfortunately, if they had just changed the script a bit and made Pavarotti widow or had a couple of classic Hollywood movies, like all of them and HEAVEN, TOO or THE SUSPECT (where the woman was so weak and unlikely that you could forgive her or even Instead, she is a loving mother of two children, waiting patiently at home, while her egoistic hubby beds are on the right and left - as Pavarotti admits, there are many things before Harrold meets. excellent Pavarotti music could not record this movie. At the end of the movie, there are amazing scenes in New York, where the set is simply incredible and Pavarotti sings transcendental, so I think the film deserves at least 3. I wanted to like the movie more, but it was a bad movie - though not quite as rotten as you have heard. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, it can be considered that this film can be a life-simulating art because Pavarotti's own life o later this parallels the film, although this is not exactly the forum in which to discuss it in detail.
