I hadn't heard of this movie until I read this article on the website of unknown movies, which made me curious. Like the cartoon and the illustrator myself, I am a fan of Richard Williams' work - I appreciate Ziggy's gifts as one of the best Christmas specials all the time, and although who framed Roger Rabbi, I had one of my favorite films before. at the age of sixteen, I still have the most work, care and attention to the details that I saw when creating the visuals - but it seems that the person has their own mistakes, especially the tendency to go over budget and schedule, and this movie is proof of how far even the super - a talented person like Williams, given the right facts. <br /> <br /> Raggedy Ann and Andy are a strange confection that tries to be a weird and experimental cartoon for children outside the wall. He also tries to be musical. He's trying to be a thousand and one more thing - is it nice? Is it a purist? Is it the pause of innocence of the imagination of childhood? - until it finally ends with its unlimited ambitions and aspirations. It is mostly beautifully animated, although blissful backgrounds could have paid more attention, but even that doesn't count much when you face hallucinogenic absurds that make up a large part of "action." br /> <br /> There are a number of problems in the movie, but we start with Raggedy Ann and Andy. They are the stars of the exhibition, but they have no personalities. In fact, we get the message that Andy is a tough guy ("I'm not a girl's toy," he sings) and that Ann has a unique perspective on things because his owner, a little girl named Marcella, is carrying her upside down, but that's all we can to find out about these dirty mud characters, because the strange thing about this movie is long after. I prefer the word "weirdness", because some strange movies can be very fun, but it's just sure. Toys and dolls in the toy should be cute and cute, but in fact they are odd and disturbing. The two pawns who make and say everything in sync are the best example of this. But even if they are relatively normal when compared to a constantly sneezing pirate captain whose mustache persists and whose swell area swells visibly when he first looks at the enchanting French doll. Yes, it should be a children's movie! Then there is music, none of which is memorable and what all singers sing. And there is a lot of singing in this movie to add insult to injuries. When Ann and Andy finally get out of the playhouse, the first thing they do is sing the LONG number in the forest, how they fear how they always have each other and ... yes, we get the message. It seems to be going on forever, but at least it brings back the normality to the movie. Not for a long time, because Camel with wrinkles on the knees takes us to a weird world where everything looks like it's made of worn and dull denim and - bad enough that it is clearly paranoid schizophrenia - it also starts hallucination. But this is nothing compared to the following scenes. Greedy, lively, breathing. belching, farting, taffy constant eating, being trippy, horrible and ultimately disturbing, you hardly believe what you see - it's as close to a drug-free psychedelic experience as I've seen on film. Then, after a good time spent together, is accompanied by psychotic Sir Leonard Looney and his lord King KooKoo, whose throne is similar to a urinal. I can't believe I'm actually writing a description of a real movie capsule here - I just had to rub my eyes and remind me that I'm not blogging over a dirty nightmare. Part of the Looney Land sequence is similar to one of the old Winsor McCay / Little Nemo caricatures without anyone else feeling that someone felt like doing it. All of this would be good if there was some sort of rhyme or the reason for it, but not. These scenes are just strange and very long. Surrealism only works if there is a strong idea behind it or it is against some similarity of reality. But Nothing in these scenes refers to any reality. Remove this item and you are left with pure self-consciousness. <br /> <br /> When the last scenes leave, even the animation seems less impressive (pirate ship, ridiculously detailed, rolls on the water) in a way that suggests some of the barrels disappeared during production, and there is an end, which just shows that the money is running out. Even in a somewhat 86-minute-long movie, it seems to be an endless endeavor, and it's understandable why he flopped his original release. Animation callers are likely to scratch their heads and think about how Williams managed to chew it so remarkably, but he did it and nobody can do it.
