SHALLOW GRAVE starts in PSYCHO with respect to the shower scene or hanging. (I tend to hang.) After that, it gets deeper and then surprisingly improves almost original. A bad acting and amateurish direction that drives a rather interesting little story, but the film already crosses many "Yankee steps south to kill a bunch of rednecks" genres because it is actually shot south. <br /> <br /> Group college girls head to Ft. For Lauderdale for the summer vacation and in Georgia, they hit a solid tire after leaving the main road. (Note to Yankees: stay on the highway as you go to Florida.) Sue Ellen (Lisa Stahl) must pee so she drives the forest. Finally, if he finds that he has a good place to do his business, he knows the local sheriff (Tony March) to strangle his lover (Merry Rozelle) to death. (Note to Yankees: do not migrate south into the forest, not because you could witness a murder, but you can drive over a marijuana plantation.) This is the point where the story, not the film, is actually close Although Tony March never has to practice his Oscar speech, his sheriff, Dean, becomes the dazzling fax of the usual boy he has done, what he has done and what he has to do. Tom Law is blessed as Vice President of Scott and is an authentic South Deputy, as I have seen from Walton Goggins (Steve Naishi's Deputy) at HOUSE OF 1000 CORPSES. to mention. The girls stay at BBQ in South Carolina and show their racism when a big black man checks them out. Sue Ellen drives in the barn to hide some haystacks and, at a shockingly realistic moment, hides a larger snake with hay. Rape Patty (Carol Cadby) and tells him to take off his clothes. Dean has turned the radio on to sink the noise he is going to do. The radio preacher must go back and read his Bible. His sermon is how Jesus saves the blood of Jesus Christ. I am sorry for this preaching herd after the herd. Jezebel was in the Old Testament a few thousand years before Christ was born, and under no circumstances is he one of the five people you meet in heaven.
