Once again, my Westerners, who cannot understand the esoteric symbol of the mother goddess in her dark forms, are again one of the most misunderstood goddesses in my country. Mother takes Kali Mata's frightening form to destroy our inner demons and intimidate our ego. And while Kali and Durga provide blood sacrifices, the events in this film are simply absurd. The mother takes the form of anger to be angry with our inner demons, constraints, and ego if no other form is enough. It is also in his angry form that he burns all of your karma "smashan" in the fires you grow in your heart to dance to him if you love him, and he brings you to reality and truth. Reality and truth have both dark and light that serve the purpose. Mother is also the embodiment of the physical universe, she is nature. Nature can be cruel and destructive to maintain balance. You cannot have growth and life without killing and destroying. Kali represents the power of destruction for new growth and life in both the daily and the spiritual universe. For me it is very outrageous that people who do not know anything about India or its divinity can just take one of our beloved goddesses and use her as a cheap prostitute to make some low budget, talented horror films. How do you dare to take your beloved mother and imagine her as a horror that makes people lose their eyelids! He is just terrible to those who are related to their ego and who live in deceit, greed, anger, and other interior. It is very clear to me that the person who wrote this film must have a very serious self-worthing ego and serious inner demons to see Kali so terrible and terrible. When the ego falls, it becomes a form that is enchanting, beautiful and young, a beauty that is so enchanting to see that it fascinates the entire Universe. Kali Earth is an ancient mother who should not be loyal to entertainment, but we hope that her infinite compassion and mercy will not take fierce forms to those involved in this film. <br /> <br /> The fact that Western countries have beliefs like my own or the Caribbean islands, such as the Santeria and Vodou religions, which are really very positive, and other religions that twist and exaggerate the misunderstood elements that the Western mind does not unable to understand is totally ridiculous. It is clear that there is no respect for what people live, breathe and believe when it comes to such valves. <br /> <br /> In reality, Kali Earth is a caring and compassionate mother whom we toss her with beautiful legs in devotion and love. And I'm happy that my mother sometimes takes anger to protect her devotees from herself and outside forces. <br /> <br /> Many people praise REAL Kali Earth, who has shown much of God's way and realization.
