In 1979, Lucio Fulci released his film Zombie. But thanks to the earlier George Romero Dawn of the Dead, which had gone to the Italian edition because of this name, it was sent back to Zombie 2. (It also had a bonus that gave the audience the chance to think that it was another Romero movie). Continuing this theme, the second Zombie film, called Zombie 2, was named Zombie 3. In the UK, the original Zombie movie (that is, Zombie 2) was titled "Zombie Flesh Eaters". To continue this theme, another Zombie movie (Zombie 3) was named "Zombie Flesh Eaters 2" to release his UK. (Do you follow that?) So when Zombie Flesh Eaters was Fulci Dawn, is 2 his dead day? Although this is just a dirty observation, this story of military compounds, helicopters and the perfect narrative certainly bears vague thematic similarity. <br /> <br /> Some Fulci European trends are forcing such a movie, but operating, dubbing and exposure-heavy scripts are absolutely terrible. Its ecological message is so forced and overestimated that it can no longer be regarded as a sub-text, while (inadvertently) fun birds respect. Combining this last element with MOR 80 is not a good idea. For some reason, I could not stop thinking about Apeside time (q.v.) all the time I watched it. This is clearly not good. <br /> <br /> Although there is nothing rival topless diving, shark wrestling on zombies, and eye-catching shots, Fulci's misognistic slopes get out of the hotel cleaner's mouth to ground in the mirror until it rubs the blood. His fannish gore predispositions also see a hand interruption. Both themes are combined when a woman's face is ripped, first by a zombie, then by a zombie fetus who tears the pregnant woman's stomach. <br /> <br /> This is obviously a higher step than Zombi, five years later. (Nine years of global release). But without the original weak keyring, Stefano Mainett's music is inappropriate and forced. Fabio Frizz's score was one of the best things about the '79 movie. Here are zombie attacks that sound nervous, like Bonnie Tyler's "Heroing". In the midst of this carnage, we get despair of love and Roger and Kenny, two blissful macho types who do everything with acrobatic urgency and consistently express. ("We're out of ammunition" to stop the gun being especially special). But where it falls, zombies are themselves. Low key or not, Fulci's original had a really great, rotten zombies. The skull face, worms in the eye sockets ... they were actually seeing something. On the other hand, this boring follow-up will be chosen by more traditional "men who have a bit of color on their face". <br /> <br /> The climax lashes too many Romero movies to be even funny, while the DJ is a crass and cheap narrative. If it does not contain the same indignation and irresponsible nudity, it is probably not the same cult appeal. It turns out that Fulci went out of the project after announcing he was in charge for fifteen minutes, while the rest were filmed by Bruno Matte. I'm pretty sure even Fulci would have had to attack a ridiculous "flying zombie head" scene and give the director the hope that he had a good idea to leave. Unfortunately, this is his name, which goes beyond the title of the films about the releases, so most people get the impression that it is a Fulci movie through and out. On this scale, this is a big setback for him, because this film is about what you imagine Fulci considers the worst crime: bored.
