Zombie 3 begins with a group of heavily armed men who steal an experimental chemical designed to revive the dead, trying to escape. The man gets some green chemicals in the wound that will soon change his flesh eating a cannibalistic zombie. Within a few hours, the surrounding area indexes the flesh to the east when he is cared for by fresh victims, Kenny (Deran Sarafian) and his military friends get into great trouble when they finish off with the help of Patricia (Beatrice Ring) and his friend Lia (Deborah) Bergammi) have been bombarded with zombie birds (!). General Morton is responsible for the situation and must stop the spread of zombie plague around the world! But will he and his men succeed? <br /> <br /> This Italian film was directed by Lucio Fulci, the author of the Italian zombie gore, but the story gets hit by him and he was unable to finish the film as a producer Franco Gaudenzi asked the director of another unit, Bruno Matte & Writer Claudio Fragasso, to film and termination. Apparently Mattei & Fragasso did more than just finished, but in fact he didn't count much on Fulci and added that his own & Zombi 3 got almost straight 50/50. The Fragasso script is an absolute confusion, none of them is well thought out and is as stupid as it gets. The scenes of zombie birds attacking humans are not only technically incorrect, but the whole idea is simply absurd. Zombies themselves are not consistent, look at the scene where Patricia is on the bridge and the zombies are slow when they mix, but then look at the scene earlier, where the zombie attacked the massacre because it runs like it is on steroids, without a reasonable explanation about 10 minutes before At the end of the film, the zombies suddenly develop a capacity to speak, which also looks like. With Zombie 3, there are so many things wrong, after a terribly thoughtful and insecure action, a terrible character and a really boring broken English dialogue that doesn't understand half the time. Then there is an embarrassing scene where the zombie head inside the refrigerator suddenly develops the ability to fly through the air and bite someone's neck when the guy is in white contamination ending with Kenny & Roger, but instead of using automatic rifles they decide to try and kill them manually , even if Kenny picks up the weapon himself, they still refuse to use his rifle and when Kenny starts shooting them, they still refuse to use his rifle and this is one of the most misplaced scenes ever put on film and then there is an end where Kenny takes off from the helicopter, but can't get it off on the spot for a few seconds to pick up a friend and then get a little zombies down on some piles of grass that? Since when did the zombies hide themselves under the piles? It all may sound funny, but believe me it's not, it's really a bad film that is just boring, repetitive, and just doesn't work on some level of entertainment except for some unintentional laughs. It's hard to know who was responsible for what exactly, but no video footage is particularly good. It has a boring inanimate feeling, and for some reason, the makers have been trying to resist every mist in the bath, the problem is that they probably only had one fog machine and you see that the fog in the corner of the screen is much thicker than it goes out of the machine and gets thicker than it does scenes all over the scene. Since much has been set during the day, it does not add any kind of atmosphere and if it is correct and if the mist is evenly distributed across the screen, it just looks like they shot the scene on a foggy day! The direction is bad, without continuity, and it just looks and feels under the barrel. Even the blood and gore are not very much, at first there is a dirty hand covering the pregnant woman's belly, which is a pretty woman (which actually took her feet off the pool and otherwise) Why didn't she take her legs out, who jumped to save her?) And some OK looking zombies are the same gory as it can. Anyone who wants to see gore fest likes what Fulci regularly served in the late 70s and early 80s, very disappointed, no decent feeding scene, no guts, no "head shots" and very little Gore at all . <br /> <br /> Technically, film is poor, special effects are cheap, cinematography is boring, music is terrible, locations are shy and have bottom-based production values. It took place in the Philippines to keep costs to a minimum. The whole movie is obviously duplicated, still acting awful, but it seems that the English version is written by someone who doesn't understand this language well. <br /> <br /> Zombie 3 is not a sequel to Fulci's classic zombie gore fest Zombi 2 (1979), he has nothing to do with the title of money. I'm sorry, but Zombie 3 is an amateur crap, it's boring, doesn't make sense, it's not funny enough and doesn't have a good gore. One to avoid.
