Where do I start? I wanted to enjoy this movie and I did. However, I wanted to be able to enjoy it as another zombie movie that was worthy of my looting and it wasn't. It was a different pleasure. It was an unhealthy, perverted joy that I could see one of the most ridiculous movies I saw. And I do not care, no matter what Fulci's excuses were, for this film, there was no excuse for how it went. It was a bad movie all the way, but I still can't give up ten of the ten I gave it because well ... at least I was able to laugh with this movie's failure. br /> <br /> I had to imagine the zombies that were all over the ceilings of these buildings ... had to imagine that they either get bored like hell, so they climbed up the bees and sat high on a stone erection, or they saw butterflies live dirty bands, so they took on a lot of air ambitions. Hell, what else to do when you're dead? <br /> <br /> I had to laugh with some zombies who did what they saw as the martial arts swings, beat and jump, and some shambles like traditional cuts. I set up my eyes with a floating head that was never explained. I looked with pure dreadful joy, as the land where they were, Phillipenes, was completely foggy, big fog, and that the ponds were as they were in the boiling castle. I had to even land when I saw that the figure for the treatment of this plague was outlined in the chalkboard with an octagon, the lines extending from every angle, with the "Dead One" being centered. I had to ask myself ... if the science of treating zombies is so easy, then I don't know if I could do a little bit to start a zombie outbreak here! <br /> <br /> All of these effects were overboard, duplication of fear, Im sure that the original acts as a poor, story absurd, zombies contradictory, even badly, how they could all be similar, and women ugly, but I found myself enjoy this thing. It was a fun time. It turned out to be a very bad movie and I do not recommend it if no one is in the bad director's films, but I still say ... it was worth laughing. I crave zombie films, no matter what it was, but when it was added to Fulci, it was much better. Let me dare say the Zombie Holocaust was better.
