I'm an enthusiastic fan of Lucio Fulc, but I still have to say that the 1988 "Zombie 3" (aka "Zombie Flesh Eaters 2") he made with two other directors, Bruno Mattei and Claudi Fragasso, was quite disappointing. Especially compared to its great predecessor, Fulci's own Gore's classic "Zombie 2" (aka "Zombie Felsh Eaters" / "Zombie") in 1979 is very disappointing. Of course this indicates that the low rating is 4.5, which indicates that this is not a good movie, but these low ratings usually come from people who are not part of the Italian Zombie clips, and like the enthusiastic Italian movie films and a low budget cinema who love a lot movies that are only rewarded with a much lower rating. It also seems that many of my colleagues in the Italian Horror callers are underestimating this film, which, unfortunately, I cannot accept. Not that the movie was a complete disaster. It has some redemption features, especially Fulci's nausea gore effects, which are always a pleasure to watch the Italian Horror / Gore buff. The main idea of ​​the film is not bad (though far from the original) and I liked the merciless representation of the army. Unfortunately, that's it. Although the great predecessor "Zombie 2" was extremely nervous, but farther and even more creepy, it is not horrible in one minute or scary, and nausea and often grotesque gore is the only real reason to watch "Zombie 3". The film is sometimes fun to watch, but only for gore and involuntary comedy. I think it was mainly Fulci's origin and disappointment that came from Matthew and Fragassos, the first of which was associated with a host of disgusting cultures (such as D'Amato's "Porn Holocaust"). and the other one responsible for one of the worst films - godly "Troll 2". In general, this is definitely traceable for gore, but it is definitely the worst of all the Fulci films that have been seen so far and I've seen most of this great repertoire of filmmaker. I'm a fan of Fulci, and I'm always, but it's not his magical moment. It may be fun for Gore, but I would recommend watching other Fulci movies before!
