I've seen this movie twice now and I have to say I enjoyed both times. It's fast paced and fun. Having said that it deserves to be in the trash, because what might have resulted in the original original would have been good. For those who have seen the horrible "Zombie Creeping Flesh", it is clear that Bruno Matte's films have huge drawbacks and that little credit to Fulci can be owed. It is not a Fulci cookophyria, the style of directors is completely contradictory and you can tell who led it, especially Mattei. <br /> <br /> At the heart of the movie is the outbreak of the virus (bizarre) as the "secret" of the scientist, this secret is probably more remarkable than its potentially apocalyptic impact on humanity) somewhere in Southeast Asia. The virus causes zombie-like behavior in affected people, and the virus quickly spreads over a seemingly arbitrary area. Our protagonists are inadvertently flying into the danger zone and have to fight against the lives of infected Asian hordes. <br /> <br /> The film seems to be halfway between the zombie gore flick and the exit. The act of adventure, and this confusion is the most busy zombies themselves. They don't seem to have common qualities for everyone. Some of them are from a conventional breathless mix that has been so well changed in the original and probably in Fulci's work. The second main group consists of those who lost the virus in every sense, but suffered a wild aggression and a desire to earn a black belt. Communicate with your brothers in what looks like a massive invitation to their unfortunate victims. Martial arts skills are not their only talent, they are well versed in sperm tactics, hide rafters and hay under the balls, and sometimes inexplicably fall, but in the sky itself. This is definitely Matte's work. <br /> <br /> There is a third, more cumbersome zombie. Such a type probably retains the irony: "I am really thirsty ... YOU WILL". Finally, the ridiculous twist, where the DJ becomes a zombie, but continues to proclaim the fate of mankind, is only the improvement of the WTF factor and the loss of hope for any serious resolution. <br /> <br /> Then there's the infamous zombie head that slowly flies through the air, a funny skeleton stack that looked like a face, as if to say "yes, we know how bad it looks". dimensions as you expect. But the pseudo-comic dialogue and duplication that really prevents us from taking our suffering seriously. Saying that the first soldier is dying, he impresses the brave screen with an unstoppable zombie threat. Indeed, this is the first and perhaps the only time we hit the real zombie agro and the only effective scene on the film. <br /> <br /> The man who played the main scientist is the heart, but there is no talent, using the breaks in his ranks completely randomly, so he gets into a loud confusion as an asthmatic. Scientists with screen attempts to find an antidote are absolutely convincing. Now these two molecules can be put together! '<br /> <br /> There are some moments that will remain truly effective. In the early scene, the female protagonist examines the abandoned garage. As we enter the room, we face a nervous view of the shift in the corner and the mass that rebels on the floor. The silence is interrupted by the emergence of a fast mechanism that keeps the zombie who wakes up in the face of his desperate desperation. His mere aggression is one of the few moments of a real horror movie. Before and after the theme that was passed through the hotel that plays host to early stage events, and later as a shelter for our protagonists, there is a thick thin atmosphere. There's a scene where one of the soldiers is approaching the sitting room, where there are clearly the hordes of undeads and it's quite tense. Things become more dramatic when they do not know what is up on the hotel without knowing. But it is treated quietly and not nearly as effectively as it could have been. <br /> <br /> All in all, I would like to say that this movie may just be worth being called a royal screw against a potentially effective tropical zombie festival. , not just through and through a bad movie. If nothing else is unintentionally ridiculous, I've been waiting for almost anything from Italy and the eighties.
