I can't remain indifferent to Lars van Trier's films. I find that "waves breaking" is nothing more than a masterpiece. I loved the dancer at night. I admired the idea of ​​"Dogville," but the overall workout saw me too dry and too theatrical, less cinema. "Europa", which I only see now, was a famous film in my era, succeeded in the European film in the United States and became the best foreign language for the film, but I did not think it was well. This is too much an explicit and extravagant cinematic exercise, in my opinion. <br /> <br /> The story is vague, which doesn't get out of the viewer. Discussing the period immediately following World War II, not winners and victorious black and white colors, perpetrators and victims, but rather ambiguous times when people on both sides fought for survival after a catastrophic event that changed the lives of peoples and individuals forever is still a source of dispute , more such was new and bold two decades ago. But this is a means of expression that really does not fit the task. <br /> <br /> The film seems to contain a lot of quotes that come directly from Hitchcock's films, especially his early films set out in -war Europe, where brutal British spies are fighting on trains with evil German spies that cross a high-speed continent in the dark. The trains were a symbol of the world and its conflicts with their intensity and dramatism. Then the train also becomes a symbol of the first constraints arising from Germany's recovery after the war, its power, consistency and regulation, accuracy and wisdom. Characters that train on the train are by no means good or bad guys. The main character coming from a young American origin of German origin, who arrives in post-war Europe and wants to be part of the process of assistance and reconciliation, gets into an ambiguous world of destruction and corruption, where liberators are looking for more oppressive invaders, but the lost have not left their destiny, but rather ready continue the path of self-destruction, undoubtedly confusing with treason. <br /> <br /> This is the classic film therapy that gives the case a case. Characters, especially Leopold Kessler, played by Jean-Marc Barr, seem confused and lack credibility. General cinematography seems not like Hitchcock, but rather Hitchcock's bad imitation in the late 30s. Also, the use of color for black and white film, which is used most of the time in moments of emotional intensity, is too demonstrative. It is not that Van Trier does not win his artistic means, but he is too demonstrative, he seems to be trying too hard to show what he is a very filmmaker. He's really great, as he's shown on some of the later films, but it's left to the viewers alone.
