... but I waited for Caroline Munro. He has made good films and I was hoping it would be just as good. In fact, he and the other blonde girlfriend (the girl who got an electric shock) were the only two of those 8-11 who could act. this film has the worst action I've ever seen. almost as bad as "Psycho" (1998). a really stupid part was when the woman was in the shower and marty created this battery to pour acid. he starts yelling and his shouting is probably the most annoying sound in the world. he tries to get out, but "inadvertently" falls back. I admit that violence and story are good with Harry Manfredin's music, but the actor can be much better. there were two more characters, honest and joe. I don't know about you, but they carry a strange similarity to dan akyroyd. as well, if they find that a woman's fried body is in the bath, you think they would be screaming and barfing. Caroline Munro and the blonde woman are the only ones to react. Frank and Joe are barely or reluctant. I don't know about you, but I know if I saw a fried skeleton of one of my best friends, I could. also when Joe says "what happened to Marty was an accident, it was not our fault." she says it is like her nervous or frightened, but hardly shows facial expressions. then the blonde girl starts crying and says, "I'm afraid honestly!". and he grabs the joe. I think the actor didn't really know what the man was. the end of the movie is the most difficult thing I ever saw. more confusing than "jaws: revenge". all eight friends die, marty kills them all, but then you see something that looks like rotted corpses pursuing, and then just cuts the marty in the hospital during the accident and when the movie ends, marty dresses like a sister trying to calm her , but then we see that marty has got his clothes or something that kills the doctor and the movie ends with a wrapped peeling. which leads to the next question. WHAT IS A WRITER, HOW IS NO QUESTIONS, HOW?!?!?!?! did he really expect people to understand what the hell happened? I was so confused at the end. Are the characters still alive? is marty still merciful? are the events we just saw does not happen yet or not at all? I do not know. in general, this movie was pretty stupid. acting sucking, music was okay, the story was pretty decent (except for the end). Basically, it's just one of your average 80's teen clips. look at it only for Harry Manfredin and Caroline munro. 2/10 <br /> <br /> P.S. - Simon Scuddamore (Marty) committed suicide immediately after the release of the film on intentional drug abuse. I think he was the only person who knew this movie. SH **
