The film opens with a rebound in the Doddsville County High School on the day of April. A group of students playing Marty jan with class joy. If they are punished for playing the janins, they will follow the greater rage that (on parades of funny films in the classroom) goes ridiculously, leaving Marty at the same time burning down due to burning and acidification. Fast forward in five years, where we find members of the student body, who are now gathering for their five-year class meeting in an abandoned high school. We find that it is no coincidence that all the members of the reunion belonged to the clicks of the rebound pranksters, because all the participants are hidden and killed by the mysterious, attacking masked murderer in an increasingly complex and pointlessly ridiculous fashion. It doesn't take Sherlock Holmes to solve the mystery of the killer's identity, as it turns out to be nothing more than a gracious Marty who has apparently used his hunger for rage and high intelligence to bend physics and engineering laws to rig his school for a revenge scenario. The film takes a strange turn, because Marty stops revenge on her former tormentors, but worships their ghosts. Marty is finally pushed over the edge and takes her life. Ultimately, the exploding film explodes in divergent wonders, as the entire revenge scenario first appears in the dream, because Marty wakes up in the hospital, breaks freely from her safety seats, stabs her sister and finally ends her face. <br /> <br /> The script is tired and suffers from the horror movie logic terminal. The only originality comes from the fact that the victims are sent out in a twisted way. The absolute end of this-to-all-dream seems to be facing. It's almost like someone drew attention to the inseparable nature of the film, and then the writer decided that it was a dream. <br /> <br /> Technically speaking, the movie is terrifying. Some scenes were shot so dark that I had to stop the movie and play with my TV. Operation is sub-par, even for movies. I can't help but think that casting was part of the problem because all the actors saw at least five years older than the ones they represent, which makes the setback scenario even unintentionally more ridiculous. Their lack of film is obvious, as half of them are unable to bother their accents directly through the film. <br /> <br /> All this is said if you like bad horror movies. like this one. This is not the worst film in the genre, but it is by no means the best.
