What did Domino hate everything, and I mean everything else? Perhaps this was the general glory of the headmaster. maybe this sexism was disguising as an enthralling and interesting study of the character of hard-wearing female leaders; Perhaps it was just the appearance of the film with a yellow shine and a distorted blue tone or the way it takes an actor like Lucy Lui; who deserves much better than this junk; and he sits there in one spot where light cannot directly hit his face with the same sight. Maybe it's editing; this terrible fast editing of fire and the way dialogues speak like Kiera Knightly, who, if you buy a bounty hunter, are likely to believe that the world will end. It is a painful and wrong experience inspired by things like Natural Born Killers and giving broad ideas to the audience, not even to them. The main question is, "Should Domino be a comedy?" With some fun lines of this kind of bad leadership that desperately want us to think he's coming "tough", but indeed more like a lofty fifteen-year-old girl on her first day in public school, trying to impress. There are things you really don't know how to react, whether they should be funny or not. If this were to be a comedy, then the following question arises: "Is the wage hunter really what is good for laughter?" I don't believe it. <br /> <br /> The film opens with the title card "Actual Story ........ sort of." If this should be some sort of postmodern technique that allows director Tony Scott to bend and manipulate the story of Domino Harvey for his unique purpose, then you're just another planet. The truth is that one opening list identifies the movie and the original text before it is completely taken out and told, which should think they can make Domino older if he should be and appear in Jerry Springer. After that, we learned about Domino's relationship with his father who died in the movie when he was ten or something; here, first, a "sort of" policeman was used, because in real life he was only four. But if the film had gone to the dates of reality, its whole journey would have been born ........ of the death of his goldfish. <br /> <br /> We are then driven by Ediga Mosbey (Rourke); Domino (Knightley) Herself and Desiring Love Choco (Ramírez). During the scene, the American mother is put back in her caravan under a firearm when she asks for her son's life to be saved. What's really wrong with opening; presenting their three leaders as disgusting ones who penetrate into trailers, destroy innocent weapons, we do not know anything and come to the shooting of their pet dogs. <br /> <br /> The direct feeling of being angry against these three, you feel, "No, why are you doing this?" Why does this happen? 'The bad seeds are planted and you don't know, they're stuck. The film is painful to look, embarrassing even; when these three mugs cross their paths with supportive actors from the 90210 players of Beverly Hills. Here's another postmodern slant, people play and play again. Christopher Walken even appears on a truly foolish role in the nature of Robert Downey Jr.'s natural born killer. <br /> <br /> Just like movie tile and Domino poured on Ed and Choco gang, but on good looks I could add that in the middle of the plot there is a registration of a fake driver, or something that Choco and Domino may know. The problem is that every performer does such a bad job of their own nature; there is no feeling between chemistry and the two; film is not a love story, so why not even push this way down? Does anyone take care of these two characters between all the quick changes and things that blow? If there is a feeling between Choco and Domino, it exists on such a small, minimal, minimalist scale that you have to ask why it even belongs. <br /> <br /> Thus, the film feels the need for the film. things narrative. We know why a fake person, who is related to someone else, and a boy on a mobile phone speaks in a soundproofed bubble. I believe the soundproof bubble, but how does it put your phone under the water and bubble without being flooded? Do you have to swim really fast? Double the speed of fast editing of a movie, which means something. Yes of course. The film's story becomes so complicated and just arbitrary when you use a really stupid climax where more things are blowing. In addition, there is a really unpleasant scene that is related to the schedule of the new nation with a wall, and the comedy of the film runs so dry that it has to use "Jerry, Jerry!" sing while people are in the popular American talk show. When did we laugh at "Jerry! Jerry!" if we were, for example, seven years old? I was sad and depressed about the existence of such a movie.
