Tony Scott has never been a very good director, but every movie he has made after "Crimson Tide" seems to bring him one step closer to being the worst one today (Michael Bay may belong to the same category, but at least His great, uncomfortable epic entertain some primary perverse levels). And like other over-inflated Hollywood biopeds (such as the "De-Lovely" and "Dangerous Mind" testimonies), crowning the lives of contradictory, overvalued, or direct low-encoders, the "mystery" aura. "Domino" is a film that starts with little potential and dashes that are infinitely large before the sixty minute mark. Already with a 128-minute runtime, the film seems to be twice as long and spends time that is seemingly superficial and forgetful (unlike the higher "Attraction Rules", Scott's attempts to blame the irony for Domino's insidious, self-conscious, rich girl voice only draws attention to the film sledgehammer cluelessness) becomes the act only masochists could find pleasant. Story? The spoiled-super-crust-baby Domino Harvey (Keira Knightley, ersatz-badass's performance like his beautiful appearance) is sick of the rich and famous low lifestyles of Los Angeles. Ramirez learn more exciting trade; along the way there are twin games, shootouts, media attention (tongue-cheek Christopher Walken, calling your brand sleazebag) and ridiculous hints of romance. Scott cuts the film in segments that rarely last for more than a few seconds, launching a resolution to make a movie with a neon-covert nightmare that is fairly unpleasant to look at - if Scott has the ability to photograph, worship, or in some way distort it; but all this sticky stylistic overload is beyond what the film has a small plot, characterization and intercourse (something to say about the joy, "entertainment" value). Most of the symbols come in either despicable or stereotypical, often both (see the intolerable, multi-minute segment where the African American introduces Jerry Springer's new racial grading list), and I found that I want them all to finally end up with our protagonist's coin. "Domino" is the ultimate, unmitigated trash - no matter what interest this individual Scott wanted to inspire his audience, it disappears within a few minutes of migraine-causing neon tension at sea.
