I don't know if such film problems are more of a direction or script. As you can see in many reviews, the editing style is too large. It is absolutely annoying and without content that could be considered good when you look at some of the movie's bid. I don't write a lot of comments here, but I felt that the movie was so terrible that it deserved a comment. Such films damage film making as an art form. Such films increasingly show that the current focus of reality in the cinema shows the quality of the characters behind them. People whip crafts there, there are 5 senses and there is business - there is their inner life. But I do not blame them, it is an increasingly unfortunate condition of this age - such films qualify. However, by proxy, these manufacturers would not dare to call when artists vomit the lack of internal life or screen - spread it to everyone. A story about money-takers, weapons guns and more weapons, sexual exchange, so popular actor (did they write a dance scene after signing them?), Over saturated, over exaggerated, single-liner, not linear plots. Everything is different and all the same. Annoying amazing music to push emotions in the throat. Story? character development? or just stick to the missing information that appeared at the end to create the story * effect * as if it had occurred. It has nothing at all far from being fine. It is a caricature of stereotypes and genres. Where are the consciousness films? But does the nuance of sound and music that you don't even know exist? But the depth of appearance? But editing about mindset and consciousness? Yes, even in the action film that can happen. Of course they have been riding; but what is it without soul or wisdom? understanding of human condition? Do people who have commented and said that it is an apogee of art, or compare it with Picasso and others - I say I put it on the Gandhi or the godfather, even with the original trilogy of star wars or master of rings; then look at me and say it again. It's a good team, but they need a deep and story. I hope they get it because I like the previous work of the teams. The next time you are lucky.
