It was another hidden Christmas title, a low-budget Mexican production for exploiting filmmaker Cardona (1969), TINTORERA! [1977]. like many genre efforts from this country? Gordon Murray acquired US release. Based on these two aspirations, did Cardona not have a vision? and the one who has already got their share here is definitely not better! In fact, the film is quite strange, characterizing the timing of the Mexican horror outburst, but it gave an extra opportunity because of its delicate color (which, given the prominence of the red ones except St Nick himself, plays an important role in the process, was very important). Anyway, in a nutshell, Satan's plot includes efforts to stop the Christmas Eve with Santa Claus's children; but there is a lot more unpleasantness: at first, our portly, white-bearded and chronically cheerful man-red lives in the heavenly palace, who, in addition to the children of the toy maker all over the world, plays his piano when they sing (barely all the first track!) in their native language, do you visit Merlin? a famous magician in the court of King Arthur, here is a tremendous but fun propensity for child-like jumps and mumbles! ? once a year to acquire potions that would bring young people into sleepiness and make themselves invisible (by the way, the Wizard's anachronistic presence here is no less likely than his Dr. Frankenstein's son, Dracula's son [1974] !!); by the way, it seems that by that time he has always been overweight so Santa has to work out to be able to fit into every infinite chimney! Then the devil's hostile (enthusiastically rubbing his hands all over and grabbing it at all) to keep St Nick's delivery program is completely cheerful: indeed, their wings-t-shenanigans old Laurel and Hardy routines are more than anything! To extend the duration, we focus on three sets of children: one lonely son of a rich couple who does not want anything more than their company for Christmas (as a fantasy of meeting expectations, where the boy finds his parents packed in extra large packages!), A girl from a poor family who wants to own a puppet (the first with the horns entices him to steal, a few dreams come in without results) and the trio of brat who, Satan once again, thinks nothing but causes mischief and eventually falls apart. There is definitely imagination here, but it is applied with little rhyme or reason, while the general approach of minors keeps the entertainment (if no one reads the film for joy) well at the bay!
