This Santa movie starts strange and I think Santa can be a pedo. Instead of the usual elf toy makers, this Santa has probably kidnapped children from around the world and makes them songs like "It's Small World"! I think the strange astral plane on which he lives does not have a child's labor law (this is probably NOT the North Pole and not the Earth)! None of these children seem to be very happy and I wanted to see the commanders break and rescue the floors, although I think some of the children in the third world, these working conditions were perhaps better than the local horses. I hope everything they do will sing and make toys. <br /> <br /> Then the scene will suddenly change to hell, where many and many demons will dance as they are on Busby Berkeley's music. This fun stopped by Satan, who commands one of them, Pitch, to go to earth to destroy Christmas! Personally, I thought this movie was already done! The devil and his imps are actually kind of cute - like Hot Stuff Harvey with comic but cool evil goats! Or if you are in Puerto Rican, like a waterproof mask with a goat! <br /> <br /> A somehow poverty-stricken Mexican child named Lupita, a group of jerky children who want Santa and some rich kids are the main battlefield for fucking and Santa! So, as the prince of darkness (not Donald Trump, this is the Prince of Darkness), he can somehow steal and be bad, he "wins" - what, we really don't know! In fact, when they root it, they get the impression that the filmmakers intend to be Santa - if he has all these great powers and fights over the soul of the children! Later, Santa will meet his friend Merlin. He asks him to make him a special powder that makes people dream of beautiful dreams. Considering how much Santa laughs in a movie (like a demented lion), I assume he will keep this medicine LOT! She goes right now to see a blacksmith who makes her a magical key that opens ALL doors. Given that she keeps her children as her "personal assistants", this magical key thing worries me tremendously! During Santa's Christmas Eve you will see how Lupita behaves like a little angel - one problem. Santa is now taking the time to care for a rich child whose parents are selfish nerves. He gives them a crazy cocktail that magically solves their problems - two solved problems. This is a rare case where alcohol / drugs help children and solve problems! And like small carts, he gives them coal! Pitch cheated on his losses to Santa, trying to steal the stem (which is pulled by horrible animatronic deer). If this fails, he will destroy Santa Claus Santa Claus! As a result, Santa cannot become invisible to see dogs. Oh, oh ... how can Santa take a detour to Betty Ford's clinic when he's busy with a tree? What St. Nick starts off the tree and sends the monkey off the back or wins the devils? If you care, tune in and see. However, be warned that the movie is a joke-crap crazy! <br /> <br /> Technically speaking, film is yecchy. Although it is colorful, it's really terrible. Music is mostly done on the organ - which, together with the bad songs of the children, produces the worst sound I've remembered lately. And the story is just incomprehensible and very, very scary. Devils and Santa, who kidnap children, are just plain. This is a movie that should never be shown to children, but it makes a great movie to watch with your friends so you can laugh from start to finish!
