It has to be the toughest, most difficult vacation I've ever captured and something says. I know that the Mexican people have some strange ideas about religion that interfere with the ancient Aztec beliefs with traditional Christian theology. But their date of death is not half as scary as taking Santa. <br /> <br /> So ... Santa is not some fun, fatty red alcohol (look at these rosy cheeks) sometime!). Rather, he is a lean sociopathic pedophile (or heaven, whichever is heaven), with many children working harder than Kathy Lee's Gifford sweaters. They sing the original traditional songs of their homeland, wearing so much stereotypical clothes, that I was surprised that the black-faced boy was not "Mammy" sung by a little African-American boy. This Santa Claus is a peeping Tom pervert who watches and listens to everything everyone does in his "eye-sky". It is so that he can say who has been naughty or nice (with an emphasis on those who are naughty, I bet). <br /> <br /> There is no Mrs. Claus, no gnomes (what she needs gnomes) if she has child labor?) and reindeer are mechanical toys! Instead, this floating freak looks like a cloud that is probably drawn up with a silver lining. What is it, Santa our Lord and Savior? Weird. Anyone, Satan, sends one of his minions, minced meat, French fucking, called Pitch, to try to break Christmas. Let me get this straight - the purest evil forces trying to destroy a completely commercial and greedy holiday? It seems excessive, isn't it? <br /> <br /> Pitch is totally ineffective. He is trying to talk to some children bad, but he doesn't have much luck. I was hit hard by the holy little girl Lupe, whose family is very bad. All he wants is a doll for Christmas, but the parents can't buy it for themselves (they spent all their money on the cardboard to build their house). So Pitch tries to steal her doll. In fact, this is the only way that poor girls will ever get to the doll, because the prayer of holiness and prayer of God and of Santa is not working. But Lupe is opposed to temptation and tells Pitch she is behind you, and is rewarded with such a horrible doll that you just know it's a Chucky sister. stuck in the tree (uh-huh) where he saved Merlin! Merlin? You have to joke me! When will mythical druid figures appear on Christmas songs or have anything to do with Christian religion? And does God not recognize magic? They would have burned Merlin a few hundred years ago, not asking him to come to save one aspect of God (or what I expect Santa to be to go against Satan). This movie is one long HUH? from beginning to end, and it makes you wonder whether what you drank was not there or something. Probably it was because this movie is like one long giant DT.
