Whether you look at the regular version of this monstrosity or MST3K version, you can only impress this GALL that went into this product. Filmmakers insult the viewer's intelligence from one end to another and obviously do not care about what they do. <br /> <br /> All this is cheaper. Even the car of the 1950s in the appearance of this era looks like it was pulled out of spam. <br /> <br /> "Hobgoblins", as you probably know, "understood" poorly designed watches and stuffed toys; If a person should attack them, it is clear that the victim keeps the body of the toy. When the critters displace the two security guards, it (or rather does not show) a camera aimed at the guards when they look down and turn their heads as if watching the hobgoblins from the past. It is reminiscent of an event in the "Tangents" movie, where two people stand in the ruins of the future world, study wrecks, and we do not show any. Budget constraints that are closed with total incompetence generally mean that you have nothing worth showing, why should you try? "Sets" were completely ridiculous. "Club Scum" was an obvious place to eat; The house seems to have been a free house - likely to be rented or sold - that the production company received in one hour or two hours. "Spacecraft" is something I would be ashamed of when I was a 10 year old model. <br /> <br /> Character motivations don't make sense - Kevin gets his worthless ingrate from being a girlfriend because he's not "proud of him." I am sure it was meant to make their reconciliation finally come to an end so that anyone with real self-esteem would have told him that he would go to hell and leave. Nick is said to have recovered 2 months of military training (yes, a nice regulation exercise, Nick) and seems bent on proving that our country is protected by sadistic, moronic animals who are sex maniac. Kyle has red shorts that dream of a spandex-coated dominatrix type at night, but he's so ephemeral that he's more likely gay than not. One of the girls is proud and the other is a butterfly. <br /> <br /> And hobgoblins? At the end they all returned back to the vault where they have lived for 30 years. Why? Who knows? Who cares? Watch this movie and be surprised at how primitive filmmaking is in our modern age, if you have an idiotic script, an incompetent direction, actors who are so bad that they should be rejected from high school theater production and make Edward worthy of D. Wood, Jr.
