The 1968 "House of Evil" or "Dance Of Death" is the first of the four infamous and strange latest films featuring big Boris Karloff and director Jack Hill and Juan Ibánez. Unlike "Snake People" (1971), "The Incredible Invasion" (also 1971) and "The Fear Chamber" (1972), released after Karloff's death in 1969, "House Of Evil" appeared in 1968 when Karloff was still alive. "House of Evil" is considered by many to be the worst of these four films, which is undoubtedly all dirty, but definitely an entertaining value like involuntary comedies. Personally, I prefer the "fear college" and "evil house" over the other two, just because the least logical lack of logic is even more extreme, and because there is no tension in any film, its lack of logic increases the involuntary fun factor. <br /> <br /> A strange story (I don't know if I can really call it a "plot") is set somewhere in Europe in the 19th century. After the murder of some girls and the kidnapping of their eyes, Mathias Morteval (Karloff), an enthusiastic organ player, invites his little relatives to his bizarre mansion full of toys. His family includes Lucy Durant (Julissa), who is involved with some police inspectors investigating murders. <br /> <br /> I don't give the story any more, but I can assure you that it's pretty strange throughout the movie. There are some very funny moments, especially some things about Karloff's character. Boris Karloff was undoubtedly one of the most lively and important icons of the Horror genre that once lived, and he succeeds in concluding this strange film with a small size and although (or because of his role as a bad script and management) is in no way scary, it seems that he deliberately plays it with a sense of humor. Just like the movie's "Snake People" and "The Fear Chamber", the female plays a leading role in Juli. <br /> <br /> Most of his presentations are amused by amateurs, cinematography is terrible and places and landscapes are disdainful. The story does not contain the least logic, and dialogue often does not have the slightest meaning. But this is a bad story and a dialogue that makes this movie interesting. "House of Evil" may be an extremely dirty attempt to film, but it is definitely (inadvertently) funny because it is bad. The fans of Ed Wood's movies should be very entertaining, I found it to be fun. Crappy, but fun, but definitely worth a look because there is Boris Karloff and a fun factor. 3/10
