Fallen Ones begins with archaeologist Matt Fletcher (Casper Van Dien) in the desert, discovering the mummified remains of a 42-meter-long giant, now something you can't see. Matt is working for a real estate developer Morton (Robert Wagner) who wants to build a holiday resort on the ground and invites archaeologist Angela (Kristen Miller) to my colleagues for reasons I am not sure. In any case, they both try to understand what they have received, when some of the team disappears, Morton calls the Chief of Security to solve the situation in Ammon (Navid Negahba). At the same time, rabbi Eli Schmidtt (Tom Bosley) translates an ancient text translator into some ancient text (as he would) and is shocked to learn about the evil prophecy in which these giants rise and fall around the world, or something like that. that. Matt is obligated to save the day and the whole planet ... <br /> <br /> Kevin VanHook is writing and directed, with a small role in the film as the leader of the old warrior. thought Fallen Ones was a terrible movie and it is so easy and straight forward. There are so many things that are bad about bad people, both in technical and conceptual terms, the script doesn't make much sense and it doesn't really go until the last 20 odd minutes when I was almost willing to live. The characters are terrible and like the clichés you want, the dialogue is bad because very, very bad and the whole movie is predictable, I mean, it won't come as a surprise that Casper Van Dien will save the day? It is not a big surprise that a mummified giant is going back to life either to wait for the movie for more than an hour until most audiences are in some sort of comaic state. It's bad, very bad. You have been warned. <br /> <br /> Director VanHook has no impression that fighting scenes are absolutely terrible and why dress your bad guys in a terrible purple shadow? They see naff. To give him some credit, the special effects of the giant mummy are really good, although many of them are not, because he doesn't appear for hours, there are some normal-sized mothers who seem to have come directly from The Mummy (1999), but they aren't used to with some great influence and actually wasted as a comic relief. The mechanical mommy was a pretty good idea, but it seemed silly and there was no chance on Earth that all the people inside were able to work with each other, the more I think of a ridiculous idea. Forget about all kinds of fears, tensions, or the atmosphere, and don't even think of some gore or violence because there is nothing. <br /> <br /> Technically fallen people are not special and, apart from the impressive giant mommy, there is little to get excited about. Ghost CGI and water effects are terrible, it was made on TV and it shows. Action was bad, Wagner seems embarrassing, and this is probably the only thing Dien & Bosley wants to get these days. <br /> <br /> Fallen is a bad movie, there are no two ways I am worried about. Not recommended at any level or in any way, one to avoid.
