I think the best thing about the new Star Wars movie, "Phantom Menace", is probably that "Titanic" will probably be out of the water if you give a fever to the fever when it comes to the debts of the devastating chips and this number out of the first. Every time I hear someone say "Titanic" is the biggest movie they've ever seen, I think "You can't see a lot of movies, isn't it?" What a travesty. You can make 50 good movies, much better than Titanic, and the same price cap. <br /> <br /> "Well, it won a lot of academic awards, a lot of people loved it," someone could say in their defense. Well, many people like Spice Girls and billions and billions of people eat at McDonald's, but that doesn't mean it's high quality. Yes, millions of Elvis fans may be wrong. <br /> <br /> I'm the first to admit that this part of my problem was the mega-leap of the movie. I was waiting for this month or so to see it and ultimately it did not meet the expectations set for it, which simply called more attention to the amazingly stupid love story. It is true that "Phantom Menace" is likely to carry the same fate. but. <br /> <br /> James Cameron's Titanic is. a) An exciting activity that lies thinly as a serious period. b) A three-hour epic with the best moments in the trailer. c) a happy love story outside of religion or entertainment. d) something that was better for documentaries that I would have enjoyed much more. e) A surprising film that lives at the level shown on a real ship. f) A 3-hour robbery that I never get back, so the biggest motivation for the time machine I mean. When I meet someone who has not seen it yet, I say, "I wish I could meet you." g) a face to any true victim of hypothermia. How long should we believe that people can freeze in cold water and still make understandable sentences? (h) fortunately, a film that was not recognized for the achievements of the Oscar. i) the technological achievement of film making and little else. come to his defense and I'm not really interested in protecting Titanic's story, exhibition or length.
