The tragedy of the deceased ship Titanic has inspired many books and films. The struggle between nature and technology always struck the imagination of man. The latest film about this tragedy in the Atlantic Ocean was written and staged by the famous filmmaker James Cameron. The Titanic story includes two fictional characters (Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet) from different backgrounds (one is a hobby artist, another is an aristocrat) and how their love overcomes social barriers and the tragedy of a drowning ship. they have been. <br /> <br /> First of all, while using the historical name, this film was a little history. The plot was built around two fancy lovers, the French diamond and the treasure hunt. More than a thousand people died in the biggest luxury ship of that time, just a background. Many historical facts were simply forgotten. Where was the radio operator who ignored the iceberg warnings? Why didn't you mention a ship that was just 5 miles from Titanic but could not save it because its captain was unable to detect a distress signal? Abandoning these facts is an insult to the tragedy. And what was the flavor of this historic catastrophe with a fictitious cheese romance when the story is as sad as it is. <br /> <br /> The overall plot was rather low; rich equals greed and corruption, poverty equals compassion and heroism. It is very ironic to spend $ 200 million to make a movie about how money is corrupt. The anti-heroes had absolutely no human presence. It seemed that Billy Zane played part of the devil. Casting was also very bad. If DiCaprio was 2 inches shorter than Winslet, you could swear he was his babysitter. The length of the film was unnecessarily stretched over 3 hours. The first hour and a half was wasted on creating links between the characters known to the audience before they went to the theater, and the dialogue it used made it even worse. The defeat draws such features as "I See You" and "It's on the side of my ship" caused more pain than screams of drowning people. The jokes were too rich and quite flat. <br /> <br /> Titanic was involved with some moving scenes, such as when the musicians played when the ship sank, but they were not close to the original. The best thing about this movie was its special effects, and that's the only thing that really deserves the prize. <br /> <br /> Although this film lacked artistic value in the general sense, the public could not resist the sentimental narrative. Romeo (DiCaprio) and so the film became successful. It is now safe to say that the industry is less hesitant to invest large sums in one movie, so it seems that "Titanic" has achieved something.
