ELEPHANT WALK was a thoroughly boring film and I was really happy when the elephant flock finally came into the mansion and finished the film. Considering the money and the whales, you will surely hope that the film is much better, even though I also doubt the strange casting of Dana Andrews as a man who is in love with Elizabeth Taylor. It's not just a difference in age, but I just don't see a couple as a couple. Maybe some of them may be mistaken for replacing Miss Taylor with Vivian Leigh at the last minute (thanks to Miss Leigh's worsening mental state) - although I also find it difficult to visualize Andrews and Leigh. In addition, Miss Taylor does not even seem to emphasize the English woman. <br /> <br /> The film begins with a meeting with Peter Finch and Taylor and marries in England. Their plan is to return to the Finch tea plantation in Ceylon (Sri Lanka) and at first it seems a good life. However, there are no women to talk to, and household workers feel resentful. In addition, when he comes home, Finch behaves like a nasty jerk and Taylor is unhappy. Neighbor Andrews sees it and declares his inadvertent passion for him. But Taylor is not yet ready to give up marriage. But during the film, Finch Liz treats more and more as an object, and eventually he is ready to leave ... when out of blue, cholera hits the plantation. So Andrews, Finch and Taylor have to make a day to save the day - although I don't care about the moment because there is no chemistry between the characters, the dialogue is quite boring and you don't understand why Taylor did not leave his wife for a few days after this unpleasant the arrival of hell. <br /> <br /> The film is not very interesting or convincing, and despite the proper budget of Paramount, the film is slow. It was particularly surprising that, although the film seemed to be filmed, many scenes were clearly filmed in a studio with a backward (and grainy) image that was not well integrated. In one scene, such as Taylor, Finch and a lot, they sit on the veranda and the grass is light green. Then, when the picture cuts to people dancing in front of them, the grass is brown! It is clear that they are not in Ceylon in this scene or scene where there is a giant reclining Buddha. My suggestion is to skip it or at least keep it near the coffee pot to keep you awake. Despite its budget, it's not just a good or inspired film. <br /> <br /> By the way, is Miss Taylor part of this movie? In some scenes (especially in the beginning), she wears backpacks, has a double chin and looks puffy. It's not criticism - after all, women get pregnant! But if you look carefully, you see what I mean. <br /> <br /> By the way, the main piece is similar in many ways to GIANT - the big Taylor movie! It is amazing how casting and proper direction can do it.
