Two qualifiers just in front: I think Joe Don Baker can be a good or even a great material and the right driver ("Cape Fear" remake, a small role in "Goldeneye", "Walking Tall"). And I even liked Baker "Mitchell" because he played a hero who was supposed to be unlikely. Yes, the coverage of MST3K was fun, but they did a lot of cheap pictures for Baker - he didn't deserve - keeping things lively and fun - he was right for the level and tone of the movie and he was the best part of "Final Justice" seems to be the same, but exotic places and despite the "cowboy cross-border justice" issue, it is rather weaker than "Mitchell". . And the main reason is that Baker's character, as written, is an idiot. The idea of ​​the film is that as Baker embodies the old style border mechanism, he challenges his opponents with the old-style mine-a-my quick challenges. And because he's so harsh and macho, he always wins, even if he's hurt, wounded, crossed, etc. <br /> <br /> It's a lot of potential (it worked for Gary Cooper), even if she condemns the "B" status of the movie. But Baker is so foolish and obsessive that he puts out three bad guys in vain. He could just have overshadowed them on the main bad headquarters of the pups (which was why he first watched them) and they would never have noticed. Or he could have fallen on them and force them to give up, and I got one handbag to bring him to the headquarters at the gun. But no, he must have a bush too hot dog and a macho blockhead, and so he can kid take hostage following a shootout! <br /> <br /> This is a man we should admire? <br /> <br /> The whole movie is basically like that. Most supporters are somewhere between OK (henchmen) and pretty good (the main bad guy and his father who are two well-known European actors - they just go through the movements, but they are the pros and even the vulnerable ones are decent). But through all this, Baker's character pulls foolish, unproductive tricks and mistakes that get at least two relatively innocent people, as well as a couple of bad guys who might have been alive without death. <br /> <br /> On the positive side, as 90% of the movie is set for Malta or the Mediterranean, you will see many beautiful landscapes and many beautiful and exotic search requirements. And indeed, Baker himself can be on the difficult side and lightly on the dyspeptic, but he is not so bad ... definitely not the tobacco that these films criticize (including Mike and Bots in their fun coverage). In short, this movie is good for video files, but the viewer should not pay attention to it.
