Following the arrest of the man responsible for his superior murder, Thomas Jefferson, Sheriff Deputy III, is responsible for killing the killer in Italy. On the way, however, the plane is directed to Malta. Not long after the landing, the killer escapes. Now, with little help from the Maltese police, the sheriff's assistant is withdrawing Geronimo's murderer. But did his "shoot first, names later" brand Texas justice work abroad? <br /> <br /> Let me get it right now, I've seen the ultimate justice with and without Mystery Science Theater 3000 comments. I've seen cut scenes that make the movie a more integrated whole. And I've seen the cut TV version used for MST3K. Having said that, I have to admit that I prefer the MST3K version. Why? Because ultimate justice is one tough film. MST3K's comment helps make it more tasty. This in itself is a real brilliant act with a movie that has a funny dialogue (often offered with thick Italian accents that are impossible to understand), poor performance, a weak direction, giant plot holes and most of everything else you find in a bad film. And if most of the final justice was not "so bad, it's good", it would all be a terrible boring film besides. So, yes, I often enjoy very funny MST3K comments about a bad movie. <br /> <br /> My main points of contention with MST3K commentary and most of the comments I have read about the ultimate justice, but to include criticism by Joe Don Baker. The main weaknesses of Baker's activity do not really have any effect on his size or on the nature of his choice of wardrobe or any other jokes he is heading towards. Instead, I think a large part of it is related to the poor decision to lead him first. Joe Don Baker has always hit me as a decent actor, but he is not a guy I imagine to be a "action hero". He's more of a tie when he showed a couple of James Bond movies with solid shows. Or, if you really want to blame someone for the ultimate justice issues, direct your finger to director Greydon Clark. The continuation of Clark cannot be compared to Baker. So I say, "Let Joe Don Baker!"
