Funny. Quirky. Genuine. Surreal. Butterfly Wings? One might ask what all these words best describe, and some (those who have joined the international film community) can quickly say that is happening, but others may jump more on the American train and immediately shout, The Butterfly Effect. Strangely enough, I was one of those screaming for this sci-fi Kutcher movie mainly because none of the words I mentioned at the beginning of this paragraph exactly describe the Tautou function I saw. Of course, we all loved her in Amelie and thought she was the daughter of Jesus in the Da Vinci code, but this movie does not feature Laurent Firode for the first time (at least a feature film). Unfortunately, he does not give anyone the chance to really show himself, because he has arrived too randomly for occasional moments to bring this movie to nothing but brilliance (never a real boil). Firode has a lot and I use a "big" little word, the moments of the movie where he could have built a fantastic story for us, a fairy-tale fairy-tale of love and coincidence, but he fell first in mud. - A bucket of chaotic intertwining that amazed us with inconsistent characters and a story that kept us less. <br /> <br /> Tautou's beautiful face adorns the lid of this box, but it is not taken as fast as I did, assuming it is another monumental journey to the French cinema of Tautou. Tautou is in this movie, not getting me wrong, but it can be said that he is not at the center of this story. Firode's task is to create a series of random events that ultimately lead to an audience-friendly (albeit confusing) end, illustrating the meaning of a refreshing "melodrama". He's completely, totally unsuccessful. Firode fails, giving us too many signs to the audience. With too many characters, he gives us too many random interventions, and ultimately you don't really care about who is or is or how; your main focus is only on end credits and the time of their arrival. Tautou could have saved this movie from a catastrophe if only Firode had given it a center. Unfortunately he didn't, but tried to enforce the 12-member group through a theoretical aperture of about one centimeter in size. It just didn't work and we had a jam where we were completely shut. <br /> <br /> Firode fails because it focuses on such insignificant details that, in the presence of one of these rare films, it actually forgets the focus. I can say that there was no central focus on Happenstance. At first he tries to create one of our two supposed headlines, discovering that they have the same birthday and their horoscope allows love for the moonlight, but we never go back to that movie. Instead, new characters, dark scenes, and pointless fingers that are obviously chosen to guide us away from the real story and more of a world full of "ifsi, andes and bouts" are being bombarded again. I couldn't do that. I couldn't believe this movie. The writer Firode (yes, the same man who drives this garbage) uses such a primitive technique in such a movie that I immediately felt that I was about to finish it. He had to assume that many of us could not follow the real event (or the scientific assumption) because he seized the assistance of the homeless to actually fill the blanks. I didn't need it, and I don't think Firode should have paralyzed its audience on this issue. Although there were other elements that didn't seem to me at all (again, it seemed that it was a wrapped-up Parisian collage of cut paper), it was icing on the cake. I don't need my hand through movies. <br /> <br /> I give this movie one-star credit. This is quite a complicated genre to manage successfully. Time travel films are especially difficult because of the numerous opportunities that are never taken into account, but it works with Happenstance because Firode explores different options. Although I do not want to say that he does not do well, he did enjoy at least five minutes of pleasure. I liked it when Firode was in charge of this film, he was really a charted story, but the final filling blew it into the chips of the film. Firode could have recorded this movie if he had strengthened his symbols while easing his space and story. I think the overall mood of this movie would have changed if you just took these two simple directions. Oh, how do I just want I to have time to go back to the production of this movie to show Firode my road bugs. <br /> <br /> Generally, it was the first time (and probably the last one) it was a Tautou movie, which I have to say completely disappointed. From the unpleasant opening to the apathetic end, I felt that Hodenstance failed because of Firode's management and terrible marketing. Marketing is something I did not mention before, but why should anyone buy this film to think that it was Amelie 2 (about the title published in Hong Kong) and why would he put it firmly on the cover knowing that he didn't wear this movie at all. I believe this movie was over the first minute of my DVD player. Although I commend his subject, everything else was much lower than mediocre. I can't recommend this movie to anyone. <br /> <br /> Rating: * Off *****
