I am an avid fan of a cinema of violent exploitation that will never attack a violent or disturbing movie. I consider "Cannibal Holocaust" a masterpiece and always protect contradictory movies like "Woman's Day" or "Previous House Left" as a true classic. Anyone browsing my other user reviews will notice that I'm really very violent / gore when it comes to movies. However, I think that violence should be at least some. There's no point on this jam. The first film in the infamous "Guinea Pig" series "The Devil's Experiment" (1985) is widely controversial, but unlike many other controversial films, this stinker has nothing to suggest. I must say that before I saw the Guniea-Pig films, I already felt that I hated it, knowing what it was. However, due to the situation of my most controversial films, I decided to see it. I am very pleased that I have not wasted money on such a party and I definitely do not want to waste this time. <br /> <br /> The story of this thing (I don't even want to call it "movie"): it doesn't have it. Three scumbags torture a woman with death in 40 minutes. That's it. There is no artistic value, no "shocking" story, no intercourse; nothing. It is simply disbelief that a film that shows something except that a woman is tortured for some reason is a tremendous culture. It's disturbing, I'll give it. Of course, watching the torture video for 40 minutes is annoying. What is even more worrying, however, is that many people actually seem to have this garbage pile as a masterpiece. I really don't understand why. Hopefully, there can be no reason for the gore effects to be realistic. The girl who plays the victim is not a very good actor and reacts very calmly to all torture. This makes the film less realistic, which is good in this case. It's a movie that's sick; not its gore, but its aggregation, its existence alone to show 40 minutes of torture. <br /> <br /> I am strongly opposed to any kind of censorship. Since it is 100% fake and no one has hurt this production, it is legitimate to make such a movie. But I cannot think of one reason why anyone would want it, except for the sick desire to see suffering and torture. The "Flower and Blood Flowers" order of this film became famous when actress Charlie Sheen did it for the actual snuff and reported to the FBI. Fortunately, the film turned out to be fake. In general, "Devil's Experiment" is a fake torture / snuff film, which seems to be the only purpose to search for true snuff as close as possible. <br /> <br /> "Fucking Experiment" is one of the worst films I've ever failed. Don't torture yourself by giving this barrel a test of its controversial status. Do yourself a favor and avoid it. Zero stars out of 10, I want there to be a negative scale to properly evaluate this pile of pike.
