I was really looking forward to seeing this movie because it seemed to come from sightseeing truly promising: Jim Carrey, along with God's similar powers, was an idea that certainly worked best for me. Like a big fan, I was sure he would be the most promising precondition for his element and what could go wrong? Yesterday, a bubble, boys and girls broke me because I saw the movie. The first act (where it is created to hate his life, the disgruntled worker and the largely unhappy tent against God) is usable, another act (where he is called God by phone and receives all-powerful powers) is great. - Carrey gets fun with his new toys and is happy to look, really funny. But the third act is awful terrible. <br /> <br /> The rabbit starts after Bruce and his girlfriend Grace after dinner (Jennifer Aniston, who gets this movie very well, taking into account her part, is just a plot device, even her NAME bets imperfect) He thinks he's going to have a pop "question", but he tells him (still bent on the knee) that he will finally get anchored in his news and isn't that exciting? <br /> <br /> She doesn't think so. She wants her to marry her, so she looks, so she stops leaving her, look, though she still loves her very much, look, and the rest of the movie is beating us head with one pathetic, heavy-duty mental cliché following, until I prayed too. . to stop it. <br /> <br /> I didn't know that in the first two laws (one example - the second, after receiving his authority) there was a lack of deficiency, Bruce produces a song of space "What if God were one of us, just such a blow like one of us ", blah blah blah), and I was even ready to forget the amazing number of contradictions that have been stunned on us (the opening, Morgan Freeman - a / k God a - tells Bruce that he won't break anyone free The choices were forgiving - this is Jim Carrey's comedy directed by Tom Shadyac - it is not the remnants of the day. <br /> <br /> Or rather it was comedy. remain (frightened work 3) and try to turn the process into some (gag) message film, then we get hell on the ground instead. Bruce understands the error of his selfish ways, he realizes that GRACE is his salvation - must say - grace and his priorities life was seriously wrong t interpret. All of this could have been much more difficult to pass. The film does not have to go to the dumper to make these points. Unfortunately, the writers and Shadyac obviously had no idea how to deal with the story in any clever, easy way, so they went on the bang -em-over-the-heads route, hoping we wouldn't notice. Finally, they surprisingly created inconvenience, hoping it would reduce the bad taste. It didn't work for me.
