When I read the film summary, something that happens when a person receives God's authority, and how he later learns that having supernatural powers requires enormous responsibility and strength, even though it was a wise and original concept. Casting was also promising, Carrey, Freeman, Aniston ... How can a good idea and a movie with good actors, not to mention the cost of filming, be bad? It may. The idea is good, but the script and story itself are terrible. Let's be honest, Bruce Nolan, a pretty mediocre journalist who doesn't have any big stories (like a story about a giant cookie that is faux pas, and Niagara's report is a complete fiasco!) a good journalist, he is a comedian) considering his potential, nice home, sugar sweet girlfriend and OH HORROR !!!! A dog who is not a trained house !!! Yes, as soon as Bruce starts with GOd "God, why do you hate me!" way, the average viewer must think, "Why, what's wrong with your life, Bruce?". Bruce is not, and certainly NOT a man with problems in life. Most of her worries are small and not really worth all she does, and some of them are really just the result of her stupidity. Most people have really big problems, paying attention, most people have paid more attention to Bruce, who doesn't seem too human, doesn't even look realistic, too funny and neurotic, but God is turning to him. Why? Although Morgan Freeman looks good like God, I can't help but ask what he does in this particularly bad movie. And what does Bruce do when God gives him his authority? God in this film could just as easily give his power to a 5-year-old child and hardly any difference. No, wait, a smart child is likely to use his God's abilities better than Bruce. What does Bruce do? Draws the moon closer to the ground to create a romantic atmosphere, some red soup, a beautiful woman's dress on the street, e-mails for prayers and all of them !!!! No, Bruce, please! What Bruce did could actually put an end to the world, but it doesn't happen in the movie because it's a "nice, family, little movie" and doesn't make sense at all! At least a little humor has no hint of sarcasm, true humor, fatigue! Something. Just Carrey plays foolish, which is going to be bad for the medieval actor. Aniston here is underestimated. He plays a pale, undeveloped character of Bruce's girlfriend Grace and remains completely forgotten in this film. No one in the right sense believes these two have chemistry between them. When Grace says that Bruce's prayer sounds not only flat and pathetic, it's totally wrong. These two are not meant to be together. I would give three stars, but I doubt the film deserves one. Bad script, lame dialogs, lack of true humor, fatigue and complexity, as well as undeveloped characters and undervalued roles of Freeman and Aniston, complete lack of courage and sarcasm all make the film hardly worthwhile ***. But OK, there were little funny moments and Freeman is always nice to see the movie so I leave three stars.
