I dug it out and watched it today. I think it must be 20 years since I last saw it. I remember that this is a really bad movie. I don't remember that it's bad !!!!! <br /> <br /> I am absolutely amazed that such a high potential project should have been treated so badly. Who am I to blame? 2 men who wrote (and I use this word loosely) script? Leading directors who so little shame the story of at least three big characters? (Only two of them are "amazing" 5). A director who clearly refused to take it seriously and kept terrible music on bad writing and bad functioning everywhere? (I liked the song of the theme - but it should never have been used throughout the movie!) Don Black, who should have some texts written for this music ASHAMED! <br /> <br /> This shows that I should take it out less than a week after the comic book customization. The first 15-20 minutes of the movie (mostly, LESS) are parallel to the first number of comics. When I looked at it today, I was wondering why ALMOST had changed every single detail? Showing a document, using your watch remote control to open the safe, and a sniper bullet, which it had a 5-inch shortage because of the breaking glass, were almost the only ones that stayed the same. I mean, if you make "adaptation", WHY EVERYWHERE? <br /> <br /> When they leave the doctor's headquarters, virtually NO is like comic Roy Thomas, I probably think of this book. I read somewhere that they combined the elements of two different novels into one film. Again- WHY? I have heard that this has been changed because they could not secure the budget they wanted. I watch the movie and I think ... NO FINANCE DOESN'T explain what I saw on the screen! <br /> <br /> You know, when people complain about Joel Schumacher, they should really look at this. The best thing I can say is that I think it makes a superb double function with the 1966 BATMAN function - and probably a big triple bill with this and the 1980 FLASH GORDON. All three movies are "stupid". Maybe we can "blame" for the 1966 film (and TV series). Some fans have complained over the years that Adam West's BATMAN destroyed the image of comics in generations of non-comic fans. I think the same could be said about Hollywood. I am reminded of how much really, really BAD movies based on "classic" characters have been made over the years, especially (it seems to me) in the late 1970s and early 80s. Charlie Chan, Fu Manchu, Tarzan, Buck Rogers, Flash Gordon, Lone Ranger - all "killed" Hollywood types who think, "OH, comic books! So you know it should be STUPID!" What's more, they are "fools". What is the waste of potential. <br /> <br /> Let me tell you some good things ... Despite the script and management, Ron Ely is great. When I read the DOC SAVAGE story, I don't think of James Bama's paintings, I think Ely. Bill Lucking (who later was regular in A-TEAM) is terrible. Eldon Quick (who I have seen somewhere else but where I can't remember where it is) is terrible. Paul Gleason - who I absolutely hated with passion and revenge in the BREAKFAST CLUB ("teachers" like what he played should be banned everywhere to teach), may be the "amazing 5" movie. Pamela Hensley - although her part was almost unknown - was terrible. Before he shot his hair down, I also realized that he looked like "Ardala Valmar" from those horrible bands of John Calkins BUCK ROGERS that I just read the other day. He has a big nose like Ardala - not just as pronounced. The comics Ardala seemed more like the 1936 film Princess Aura or Cher. Or maybe Streisand. Take your pick. (Ardala actually got plastic surgery on George Tuska's strips - after that he was stunning!) \ TPaul Wexler, funny, just saw GET SMART last week. I don't know if he was something he had to play? I don't know, because this character wasn't in the movie with the movie's title.
