"Amazing Mr Williams" is nothing wonderful. Part of this movie is his director actor Melvyn Douglas. He was a sad actor and lazy. For most of his career he promised to write a good look, glib and (usually but not in this film) fine script to offset his lack of ability to act. I didn't like Douglas as an actor before I knew anything about him; I've learned enough about him to find out that I despise his policy. I give Melvyn Douglas one thing: his chromosomes produce an incredibly talented and sexy actor, Illeana Douglas. <br /> <br /> Melvyn Douglas made this movie right after the bright "Ninotchka" ... talk down! "The Amazing Mr Williams" is said to be a comedy, but I never laughed. Douglas plays a murderous detective named Kenny Williams. I've never heard of the police detective Kenny, but when they call him Kenneth Williams, that's what it is. The whole city is panic because it tells the serum killer, killing women. There is no motive for this; he just loves to kill women. The mayor (Jonathan Hale, better than usual) calls Williams on the carpet to take into account his inability to kill the killer. <br /> <br /> SPOILERS APPROACH. Cheap, vulgar, unattractive and attractive Joan Blondell plays the mayor's secretary. (She doesn't sound enough to write a letter, much less type.) Blondell and Douglas stretch like cat and dog, so it's obvious that they're going to get together. <br /> <br /> At the lowest point of this movie, Melvyn Douglas decides to kill the killer as a woman. You don't want to see Melvin Douglas! She's well over six feet and she's not pregnant with that annoying mustache. The same-powerful William Powell was an actress who was very similar to Melvyn Douglas (but much more talented). When Powell hid herself as a "Love Crazy", she had the honesty to shave her mustache: a real sacrifice because Powell needed to grow again for her next role. But Melvyn Douglas does not produce anything that is not in his film, not even with a razor. She plays her dragging scenes with the same irritating smile she used throughout her career. <br /> <br /> The amazing Mr Williams has a number of great supporters who made the Hollywood movies 30s so wonderful. Edward Brophy is a wonderful, touching and funny here as a criminal who gets his life-long punishment unlikely. Düspeptiline Donald MacBride is good as a policeman who was wrong with the offender and has almost been mobilized. Ruth Donnelly is great: as usual for him, but here he gets the chance to show his talents from his usual orbit on the back of Warner Brothers. Jimmy Conlin, Luis Alberni and the ridiculous Dave Willock are small roles. Barbara Pepper (whom I don't usually like) is also good here. Extremely unpleasant Maude Eburne gets some time on the screen; I'm always against my wife and it gives the same result for every movie ... but some audiences enjoy a great deal of Eburne's one-time performance, the reasons I can't understand. <br /> <br /> If you are familiar with the characters of the 1930s Hollywood characters and the roles they tend to play, one look at the IMDb electoral list, a murderer. This is the problem with "The Amazing Mr Wiliams": everything is too clear. I appreciate this movie for 2 out of 10 points.
