Even if you're a big Sandler fan, don't worry about this extremely disappointing comedy! I bought this movie for $ 7.99, assuming that it must be at least half-decent, because my husband Sandler is in it and because I assumed some women get naked (judging by the R-rating and little covered by women). Well, there are quite a few funny women, but none of them are naked. I'm not sure what it was like during Sandler's career, but I think it was even before his SNL day. I may be wrong. It's like watching one of his home videos. He can look back at such a cheesy movie and recall the good times ... but we (the audience) are left to dry. It's hardly a "movie"! Sandler speaks a lot about the camera and even admits that it is a "non-budget" movie (this is the right, not low-budget film, NO-budget movie). So our job is pretty much laughing than those peculiar characters. There's no permanent plot, it's like expanded sketches at a comedy show - but crude and badly written. This guy who played the nasty comedian was completely annoying and was unreliable first to get such a massive audience. And Sandler finds his comic inspiration by saying one of the classic Henny Youngman lines "Take my wife, please" and the audience is on the floor? I don't even want to do TRY to do the logic here. Of course, Sandler's current and latest films are not known to make much sense (penguin "Billy Madison", dwarf "Happy Gilmore" at Happy Place), but comedy works. It's a strictly amateur work, and even if you're curious about the early days of Adam's films - you're still not interested. You're better off at the beginning of your SNL or maybe its undervalued role in mixed nuts. Of course, Sandman is not the only actor who is wasting this ungrateful vehicle. Billy Bob Thornton also has a short look, Billy Zane ("Titanic") has a supporting role and the great Burt Young ("Rocky" movies) plays an important role. <br /> <br /> This terrible comedy is likely to collect dust on the 99-cent rental of a local video store - and rightly so. <br /> <br /> My score: 3 (out of 10)
