Hollywood has now officially gone too far, and I really hope that this movie travesty will create a real setback for these nonsense machines, despite good cash returns. If you're an industry person who reads our comments, look for tips on what to do next, STOP. Stop playing our TV shows with those repulsive, stupid, and money-grabs that suck. By doing this, you prove one thing: Hollywood is out of ideas, and we see movies they cast out, but stay out of the way. Next - You go and destroy Bionic Man? <br /> <br /> The film is just wrong and manages to get the most foolish, simple facts by forgetting (or ignoring) the fact that Tom Wopat & John Schneider's Bo & Luke Duke were * REFORMED * moonshiners. They had interrupted, learned their lesson, went straight and were there to help people and be good neighbors who just happened to shoot the dynamite biased arrows from hunting and ride like Steve McQueen. The Uncle Jessie of Denver Pyle was also the moral center of the family, always demanding that the boys do good, even at their own expense or embarrassment when he made sandwiches and coffee when the housework was done. They always did the right things and had a sort of serious naivety that was quite tempting. We wanted to be more than we were, sorta. My favorite trick from the show was how they always pulled out their seat belts before ripping, which was obviously too moral for this movie. <br /> <br /> Making the Duke family packing, talking, criminating, redneck baiting, what a lunatic loser film doesn't have a moral position where the show was all about how honest or unblemished the Dukes were - should the Dukes of this movie come as good boys? I wanted to hit them both nose. They seem to have a lot of free time that could be spent back in the household and doing less than the noble look if they don't act like 14-year-old boys who haven't grown up. Marijuana should not be used, there should be no generation, nubiles, and their breasts, there should be no Shenanese involved in the brothers da Hood. Everything looks like a marketing consultant who took a survey at a shopping mall that 14-year-old boys want to see in the movies. The problem is that the 14-year-old boys can't remember this example, IMHO shouldn't see this movie, and parents who can feel nostalgia for the show are reluctant to do what our writers, directors, and producers did to our collective memories just to get us part of our money, just as I feel. What do they think? And the boy did them * EVER * to get Daisy wrong. Jessica Simpson, like the bitch of Pamela Anderson's shopping mall, can be the only reason anyone can see this shame, but by simply fine-tuning your needs, you can download some of her advertising campaigns, typing them and affixing them to the lavatory wall. . He's hardly in the movie at all (the only sustainable arm of the movie) and ten minutes when they used him, STILL was too big. Catherine Bachi Daisy could have been the same type of shorts and long legs that make people feel fun watching her, but Daisy she played was * PERSON *. The trainings he called were just the one he was almost a natural ring. She is still one of the biggest sexy pop culture icons ever created, but there was someone at home. And most importantly, he was a sweet, caring person who couldn't help it when the boys went over Ga Ga over him. <br /> <br /> In contrast, Jessica Simpson seems to be a fake, busy, made, costume, depicted, aside, boring, inappropriate, and I don't think she even looks so big in clothing. He does not look like a person, but a piece of land that was created during a deal representing his representative. It would be good for Mrs Simpson to immediately ignite this person and pretend that the whole thing has never happened. Regardless of what the joke was, it is not inside it and it is used shamefully for R&D. If it is all he wants from his career, the Executive Board will move forward to ensure that at least sufficient screen time is at least because this effort was simply pathetic. <br /> <br /> The bottom line is SKIP IT. For the cost of two tickets and a Slurpee, you can choose one of Warner Bros' great box sets that includes collections of original exhibitions on the DVD, and the whole family can see them together. That's why it worked. The only real goal I can see in the film may be that it will be used as an interrogation tool in the Guantanamo Bay in the future. Twenty minutes of it and they sing the choir. <br /> <br /> 1/10 and I mean it. AND AFTER ALL BIONIC MAN, YOU.
