In Hazzard County, Georgia, cousin Bo and Luke Duke (Scott, Knoxville) and their cousin Daisy Duke (Jessica Simpson) run the pope made by their uncle Jesse (Willie Nelson) while avoiding the local government, Boss Hog (Burt Reynolds). Their problems with Boss are only beginning when they learn that he has drawn a city mine for the valuable ores beneath it. <br /> <br /> I've never seen TV shows and I'm not going to start soon after watching the movie. I like stupid comedies, but it didn't make much laugh. It was a pretty boring picture where it was very difficult to sit for the first hour. The second part was a little better, but this movie was still a missed opportunity. The film focused too much on Bo and Luke. Characters in general were not very interesting, and the actors who showed them did not do a very good job. <br /> <br /> The actor was not very good. I didn't expect it to be good, but none of them was very funny. Seann William Scott and Johnny Knoxville are both below average. The latter was pretty good as Stifler, but he's trying too hard here. The latter seems just looking for a salary and nothing else. Jessica Simpson is not aware of her actions and she doesn't know her singing. He is famous for his reality show and for really stupid things. She's pretty, but she's a weak actor. It doesn't matter because it doesn't really appear in the movie and its play is not complicated or anything. Willie Nelson also has a small role and does nothing special. <br /> <br /> The script was written by John O'Brien and he made two films before the Duke of Hazzard. The first was the cradle of the grave, which was okay. The other was Starsky and Hutch, which was pretty funny. He's not doing a good job here because the story is confusing. He also forgot to add jokes and some other things that would make this movie better. The film is also quite long for comedy. Okay, 106 minutes is not exactly long, but it looks so much longer because there is very little humor in the first hour. I think comedies should be short or they have to find all the material to cover the entire working time. The Hazzard Dukes have barely enough funny gags to keep it for thirty minutes, let alone 106 minutes. Car sequences were average and they didn't record a problematic movie. Finally, the Duke of Hazzard may turn to a person, but most people think it is boring and it is better to just skip it. Rating 4/10
