In 1998, Saban acquired rights to produce the new Ninja Turtles live series. Of course, this is a TMNT fan who obviously grew up in his own interest. So, when I started to look at the show ... to say that the end result is disappointed, it's an understatement. Some time later (more than recently) I got the chance to watch the series again. <br /> <br /> First we talk about some positive ones. They managed to rebuild the nest of turtles, as it was seen quite well in recent films, with limited budgets. Generally, this darker atmosphere is gathering and not. And the turtle trousers, though not the biggest doll girl, were functional and seemed quite strong for most of the series's activities. <br /> <br /> People tend to complain to get rid of the crush and replace it with the original crooks that could have been easily used in the Power Rangers show. But you may be able to beat Shredder so many times before he gets bored and undermines his value as a villain ... and besides, most fans don't understand or remember and just ignore the fact that in the original cart, the shredder was on the first question Attacked! Don't forget the countless resurrections that follow. So from a personal point of view, I was delighted that they got rid of Shredder because then it would create the premise that they would take him back later. I think Shredder works best in small quantities because his meetings with the turtles are even more memorable. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, they replace him with the original crooks who, as they have said, seemed more like Power Rangers than the Ninja Turtles show. These new magic-wielding generic drugs are accompanied by a new female magic-wielding turtle, the infamous Venus De Milo. I'm honest; I'm never happy with her. I am not against the idea of ​​a female turtle; I'm just against the idea that someone who uses magic and has such a painful vision is among the ninja clan of turtles who seem somewhat out of their domain. I have almost the impression that it could easily have been Venus De Milo's exhibition on his incredible enemies, and that TMNT is there to offer the power of the star (or whatever, considering the schedule that it will release). Fortunately, they are all in the center of attention. <br /> <br /> The next mutation was in the air during the canned season and the creators had failed over it. Given the time and perhaps some other seasons, I really believe that this lively iteration of TMNT could have been something and maybe might have been great. But even though the idea was good, filling was wrong (although there are a few good episodes in this series). In its present form, the next mutation is one of those strange events that are best left to be buried and forgotten.
