There is probably a very good reason I never heard of "Dr. Hackenstein" before me and a couple of companions stumbled upon it and stupidly decided to give him a chance. That's the reason: it sucks! It is a very pointless, boring, immaculate and completely unmemorable horror comedy / parody. Frankly, I am not even sure if it was meant for comedy, because sometimes the script takes itself seriously and really strives to be truly ambitious and the initial effort of the 80's. In 1909, Dr. Elliot Hackenstein, in the medical sciences, needs exactly three women at the beginning of a new era in medical science? no more, no less? to renovate your beloved wife whom she accidentally killed. He's just a living head, but the foolish body-lovers are only male. So when Dr. Hackenstein shouts "I need three female bodies to bring my wife back", his words aren't even cold and there are three adorable young women (and one really annoying funny child) with car problems. at your fingertips. Why does it never happen? "I need a bunch of sexy sensual women to fill my empty harem !!!" ? Look, something! Anyway, a good doctor sees your wish fulfilled, but unfortunately? for science, what is it? he expresses condolences to one of the three girls. "Dr Hackenstein" is a flat film that tries to get into the success of "Re-Animator" and steals some classic comics, such as a broken head that speaks with a single liner. It's easy to see why this movie has never been mentioned, because it doesn't encourage fans of the horror or comedy genre. The funniest character is undoubtedly a loud-talking lady, Ruby; depicts anti-cherubic Anne Ramsey. The 80's horror heroes will surely remember him from Wes Craven's "death to a friend", where he played the nasty neighbor of his neighbor, who was picked up by basketball. "Dr Hackenstein" is supposed to take place in the early 1900s, but there are almost no attempts in the atmosphere of this era (except for some cars). Dr. Hackenstein's laboratory is a pretty clichéd part of the 80's, with all kinds of incense and test tubes full of fluorescent colors.
