I'm not sure why I like Dolph Lundgren. I think seeing her on the screen makes me feel that anyone who works hard can succeed regardless of the talents. It is a good feeling for all of us who have no talent. Some of the other reviews suggest how the prisoner is stupid, but many ignore the positive comments. <br /> <br /> All movies that kill at least one annoying teenager may not be all bad. Why do so many movies with teens always have to add stereotypical teens? Are there any other teenagers? Does every teenage group have one angry black man? One brilliant nerd that no one likes? One slutty girl who is very friendly and (in this movie) pregnant? One disrupted anti-social white boy from a broken home who all agree is talented (but what is talent?). And one sprawling black boy who is in harmony with the Universe and so cool that all other neurotic children trust him. Then add a few generic unnecessary teens of any color. They don't say much, but at some point they will get off. Detention would have been better if the bad guys had been bleeding from school. Preferably with writers. The dialogue is bad and the plot is worse. When the bad guys (and the girl) finally hijack a full bath, they sit inside the van. They drive to the van school because they want to paint the bath at the school's paint shop, but they can never paint the bath. By the way, it would have been easier to simply put all the drugs into another car or into two cars or another van or truck and drive away without the police cabin being painted. Nor do they move or sell drugs, nor do they make great results. For some reason, they decide that they have to kill the children and the teacher (Dolph Lundgren), although if the villain takes over the school, no one is far from being aware of it because it is after school time. A handful of school people have nothing to do with painting cars, so why follow them? Anyway, the best part of this movie is that the villains are all armed with numerous machines, and they still find teenagers (including a wheelchair man) and they continue to shoot hundreds of balls in teens and usually do not. At the end of the movie is bloodshed. Every time someone strikes, there must be at least three thousand balls. Tricks are pretty bad. <br /> <br /> I read an overview that says the budget for this movie was $ 10 million and I'm surprised. When I saw the film, I thought Lundgren had done it for some kind of charity for a film school where he was a teacher. Perhaps this film was the end of the year. It was an attempt to look at it, but I went.
