Somewhere in his literature, DANSE MACABRE suggests Stephen King that one of the most secret of writing scary stories is to prevent your readers from exactly what is a terrible thing behind the door. When the door finally opens and opens ten feet, the reader may be a little scared, but he also thinks: "Well, I can do it. At least it wasn't HUNDRED's feet long." , just on the other side of this tightly closed door, waiting for you. <br /> <br /> HAUNING is so misunderstood that director Jan De Bont is more or less starting to open his movie metaphorically, opening this door himself and yelling, "Look, all, look! This is a ten-foot mistake ! Isn't that SCARY?! " The Declining Income Act is about to start. At the end of the movie, the director jumps up so he jumps up and down, beating his CGI pots and pans crazily and screaming shouting, "Look, all, look at ten HUNDRED-foot-tall bugs! foot-tall bugs! "<br /> <br /> The filmmakers probably thought that special effects alone could compensate for all the other drawbacks of this endeavor (and there are many). They can't and can't. In fact, the special effects are impressive and torture, so that the disturbed viewer looks at them - either admiration or resentment - when not getting into the story. <br /> <br /> For me, the blank stupidity of this film, when the shape of the "blood" from the mouth, attempts to sink the fountain at Liam Neeson (Dr. Marrow). The filmmakers did not know clearly what to do with this alleged idea when they got it, so they just got a little bit of water around their hands, flailing their hands and going glug-glug. At the next scene, a good doctor will probably have dried up and forgotten all about the annoying incident. For the low IQ teenage stoners who thought people were scaring people, it was all about making the impact bigger and louder, "Okay, let's, let's finish, you know, see a horrible face, and uh, come down to him ... things like, for example, trap him in bed. "The only rescue arm of HAUNTING ONLY is that it will eventually become so terrible that it is actually funny. By the time Owen Wilson (like Luke Sanderson) fell on the floor and then went to his Magic-Carpet Ride O 'Death, I almost fell on the floor, laughing. <br /> <br /> Poorly designed, effortless Grotesk heavy-duty, completely unbelievable and full of foolish dialogue and meaningless scenes, this is a blank HAUNTING textbook example of not making a horror movie.
