Haunting, if you have seen the original, you know a great spiritual story, it's the perfection of the film. It is a haunting story of 4 people who go into a haunting house and where there are easy sounds and movements, this scared people. This is true even today, when you evaluate the film. So when Haunting was rebuilt in 1999, many people had the same reaction "WHAT? WHAT? WHAT?" But in my opinion, if the remake is respectful enough and just wants to reinvent the story of the newer generation, I'm pretty cool. This is definitely not the case, it is just an disrespectful boring shame that wastes your time and I guarantee you will not give fear? pfft! PG-13, what do they think? Not much obviously. <br /> <br /> When her mother dies and her sister tells her, Nell gets a phone call saying her ad for insomnia, led by Doctor David Marrow Hill House. Upon arrival, Nell will meet Mr and Mrs Dudley, a strange caregiver who will not stay in the dark after the real estate. Shortly thereafter, two more participants, Theo and Wild Luke Sanderson arrive with Dr. Marrow. Without knowing the participants, Dr. Marrow's real purpose is to study the psychological response to fear. Every night, the caretakers keep the gates outside the Hill House, blocking anyone from entering and leaving until the morning when the caregivers open the lock. There are no handsets at Hill House and the nearest town is several miles away. Doctor Marrow tells the story of Hill House. The house was built by Hugh Crain, Crain built a house for her wife, hoping to fill it with a large child, but all Crain's children died at birth. Crain's wife killed herself before the house was finished, and Crain became private. The first night, Theo and Nell start to feel a strange phenomenon inside the house, including odd noise and unexplained temperature change. Nell is facing after the main building is looted with the words "Welcome Home, Eleanor" and becomes extremely bad, showing that the house worships the souls of the victims of the victims of Crain's cruelty. He learns that Crain built his fortune by taking abducted children into slavery and murdering them when they no longer used him. Then he burned the bodies in the fireplace in the house to hide the evidence. She also learns that Crain had another woman named Carolyn, of whom Nell has descended. Everyone thinks he's crazy, while Nell is convinced that this is where he belongs. <br /> <br /> Seriously, I suggest you stay away from this movie, it's really stupid and pointless. Not to mention the actors played by Nell, Lili Taylor is completely upset by me, his performance, his appearance, just about everything about him, does not start with the things I would like to do to not see him again in the film. Catherine Zeta Jones just didn't fit her role and Liam Neeson, a wonderful actor, once again lost her talent. Impacts are both up and computer-based, I just can't believe they're creating a wonderful classic with this crud. Believe me, if you are going to fear something, be afraid to see how you can turn a great ghost story into an outrageous fool! Oh, this movie has hurt me, just don't see it, it's bad. <br /> <br /> 1/10
