For anyone who has seen and fall in love with staging music A CHORUS LINE, the film is a poor substitute. Not only are the songs cut, but unnecessary plots are added, new dance methods are choreographed and face, Richard Attenborough simply does not know how to film dancers. Stage Michael Bennett's CHORUS LINE was just that: Michael Bennett. His idea, his choreography, his direction, his gift to Broadway and the world. It was two hours of heavy beating, the realism of his face that really made you feel like these "boys" and "girls". But the film lacks empathy and depth: actors look like A CHORUS LINE, not actually auditioning. Each step, each line of dialogue seems so weighted and planned; Especially Michael Douglas, because Zach is too much in control to believe he is an exceptionally harsh choreographer. Even if he throws his temper, you never believe that every gesture, every accent, every nuance is so obviously practiced. And not for him: Kevin Kline listened to Zach's role in Broadway. Michael Bennett loved his reading, but Kline couldn't dance and eventually lost. How do I want them to do the same with Douglas! CHORUS LINE should be an actor's nobleman and in addition to some recognizable faces (Vicki Frederick, who played Cassie on Broadway, like Sheila and Khandi Alexander, TV NewsRadio, as one of many auditing dancers). should not know any of these people. Because you know these people. Paying attention to any role is a terrible decision: if you focus on Michael Douglas and his ranch, not on girls and boys, and on their stories, you will lose something. <br /> <br /> It's really regrettable that the best stage in the show (Montage: Hello Twelve, Hello Thirteen, Hello Love) is drastically cut to make the terrible new song "Surprise, Surprise" that surprisingly won the Oscar nominee. Cassie's "mirror dance" is a new song and tragically boring choreography - one is wondering why they struggled to let the film play at all when they start to confuse the big formula. <br /> <br /> For fans of movies and theater productions, this film is a sad look at everything they love and love. For those who have never seen the original production, either on Broadway or on a tour, this film is the only reference they have to go. And they have to think about how it became the longest-running music in Broadway history - until a small exhibition called CATS surpassed it in the late 1990s. But this is a different story and I can't even start there.
