I'm not a director. A movie could have been made of this game and it would almost certainly require a change ... comme ci, comme ca. But the modest ideas of this material disappear or misunderstood the film's creators, who are completely in the "low-block" mode. It would be difficult to imagine a worse director. Perhaps only Josh Logan & Jack Warner would have destroyed it the same way that Attenborough did. <br /> <br /> Step A Chorus was a triumph in production as a production method. The dancers who responded to the election invitation found that they were sitting around shooting their career experiences (very 70s!). Then Bennett and Hamlisch took the time, gave them a song and threw themselves. ... amazing! Incredibly modern. The "story" of the ACL is (in turn) to respond to a game invitation that never has a full picture, because the game is not important. It was a meta before the idea was invented 25 years before the adaptation with a similar idea. ACL was also another viable reductive trend, a feature of modern creativity: this technique itself is convincing ... that the average person lives more drama than you could ever synthesize with invented characters. What a gracious idea. The production had one performance area (empty stage) and three different ways to change the background image, to alleviate the visual tedium, not to distract the viewers. The room comes down and the participants' stories are highlighted. It worked fine. That was the thing. All of these ideas are trampled or robbed. Of course, there was no costume, and no costume, before the dancers came out with their final bows, where the inspiring "one" is finally with powerful, full-length (golden) hats and tails. we understand, because we have done them in practice. The game's a little anxiously released --- and the audience had nuts. <br /> <br /> After Grampa tells you, it's like a thundered, strangled bird. He has obviously previously respected all of this jazz (and Fosse's performance Dancini) in making his choice. The Hamlisch score was time-consuming and interesting for this time, but time has not been kind to it. It's the same as "jazz hands". And that is before Attenborough touches it. He is remarkable when he found what was good and mangling. <br /> <br /> A simple question could have been helping Attenborough during filming, "Can I spend a few minutes with people like that?" The main problem with any adaptation of the game is how the fourth wall of the theater (which, due to its absence, in the theater) is treated in film format. There has never been a more "front" game. The answer they came up with was, "I'm sorry ... what was the question?" Pain has been exacerbated by a number of unique narratives, a crowd that stifles each other and the audience, and mixes their grids together. I was well over the threshold of my anxiety when this annoying little runtime swing over the rope, clowns (missing) to the audience. In the game, you understood the feeling of theater. This movie just wants to stifle them. Maybe the annoying trend of Broadway is that characters go directly to the staging center and sing their stories from the audience (Les Miz, Miss Saigon) instead of associating them with other characters here. But the worst imaginary revival makes you more alive than this movie. <br /> <br /> Chorus Line is a clean score.
