Broadway was the magic of pure Chorus Line. From the second show, the spectacular energetic blast for a really great finale, a cheerful curtain of all the choral members we loved during the show, was completely busy - intensely inspired by personal stories, some funny, some clever, some confusion about this choir track. The film is another thing. Now the focus is on the director - and WHAT is ogre he is! Every time a movie turns to Michael Douglas, he is bitter, sour, revealing questions and commands, shouting and yelling when he gets a chance. Yikes !! This changes the dynamics of the story. Broadway was indeed an insecure offstage presence of the director, but he was also a piece of theater equipment that made it possible to introduce and explain the stories of these amazing strong / fragile / intriguing / fun choral lines. There is a reason why this work was awarded the Pulitzer Prize! And in fact, from the only moment a director comes up, he is there to hear the dazzling story of a dancer, to comfort a young Puerto Rico dancer. He will appear again to express his true affection / concern for Cassie. But from another Douglas director, bitter orders start in the film, and the chorus line members' stories become secondary. It's like they are in a sad profession, where the jazz leader, instead of showing joy in creating a new exciting theatrical performance, is exhausted, exhausted, furious to listen to those choir members. There was always excitement on the stage. In this movie, practically the word "go", you know all the people involved. During the musical period, we desperately wanted to be good for each of these choral members and how happy we would have been if they had all the work done! But of course it couldn't happen. But the finale when they all came back to the famous costume with their amazing spinning mirrors on the stage, sometimes reflecting us in the public, in our hearts, and we also know in the heart of all those choral members who both accept and reject. were dancing on the stage for the profession they loved so much, to bring magic to the theater. In the film, after all the wrong positions and emphasis, magic becomes fully diluted. All we know (even the same curtain) is that some members got a job with a middle-minded director. So they all come on the screen and dance again. Great thing.
