For those who have never seen the A CHORUS LINE stage and their only contact story was this movie, this movie, like movie music, is something special, just OK. I've seen Broadway's 4th exhibition and even repeatedly shown an exhibition tour company and for someone who pretty much commemorated the original production, the 1985 film version is so frightening on so many levels that I don't even know where to start. First of all, for those who have never staged a theater performance, let me assure you that IRL, if you play, director, producer and choreographer, will never ask personal questions or give you why you wanted to become a performer. Real theater listening, whether it be playing or music, rarely takes more than five minutes. When you hear as a dancer, you will see a 64-bar dance combination once, you do, and then they decide whether you are on or off. Michael Bennett's original concept was to show the lives of the dancers and to introduce the inadvertent passion and the number of so few victims so little. The game is about these dancers. First, director Richard Attenborough turned the dancers as much as he could with Cassie / Zach and chose Michael Douglas as Zach. In the game you will never see Zach ... he is just a voice at the back of the theater and his relationship with Cassi is hardly touched. Cassie was shown in a cab in traffic, trying to listen and talk to Larry (a character who is not even in the game) up on the movie and focused so much on the story. The main musical numbers were cut or revised. The performance in "I Hope I Get It" shows all the dancers who make a combination of jazz and ballet and then people lose. In the movie they capture, three hundred dancers see and show them in the neighborhood to hide the fact that they have created people for a movie that can't dance (can you say "Audrey Landers"). "Goodbye 12, Goodbye 13, Hello Love", the brilliant study of the childhood memories of these dancers has been transformed into a "surprise, a surprise," which is mainly a late Gregg Burge as a Richie vehicle. The most famous song in the exhibition, "What I did for Love", which was the subject of allegory at the exhibition, sung by the whole song they give to dance, just becomes a song of another love that is tired of Allyson's mistake. Reed like Cassie. The choreography of Jeffrey Hornaday's film is boring and unimaginable, and does not keep Michael Bennett's original performance candle and, when you make a dancer movie, choreography must be special. The film has a couple of good dancers, previously mentioned by Gregg Burge as Richie, Michelle Johnston as Bebe and Janet Jones Judyna, but they have not been given the opportunity to show what they can do, but Audrey Landers, who can barely walk and chew rubber at the same time one of the best numbers in the show, "Dance 10, Looks 3." I admit that the finals "One" is dazzling, but you have to wait almost two hours for that. I would say that if you never saw A CHORUS LINE then this movie might be worth it, but if you are a devotee of the original Broadway music ... be afraid ... be very fearful.
