*** THIS POST IS A SPOILER (S) *** <br /> <br /> I am not a big fan of Chuck Norris, but I worship him in all other ways. She also has her own fan website, which is really fun with Chuck Norris. But this movie looks like someone joking about an audience who put all these "facts" into one movie. I don't really remember when I wasted my time more than this "action". I don't know what the worst thing this film is for you to offer: the unoriginal and thousand-fold terrorist plot that is trying to smuggle nuclear weapons into the US soil, or perhaps the "great" dialogue and sense of life of Chucks in the US everything else. Someone can find the worst that terrorists speak in English every day. This is an endless list. Not to mention a lot of archival materials used in the film that are annoying. The main terrorist sends the message of his companions through the media when he is caught, and the only man who is smart enough to see how to cure: Chuck Norris, of course. No other in America is smart enough to see it! And all the action to capture the drivers is simply ridiculous. One person is sent to walk through the UNARMED terrorist camp (I lie, he had KNIFE), fleeing his stalker JET PACK, and then para slides a few hundred, maybe even a thousand kilometers from the nearest shore (Afghan border 450) km from the nearest shore) where his submarine rescues him. I was hoping that at least the fighting scenes are good, but it's even more funny than the plot. If you don't know, 85% of terrorists are masters of some martial arts, but Chuck and CO took them out. Not only do they kill them easily, they can throw away and throw in one move and the bad guys fly a few meters like dolls. You may ask if I look at the end of the movie? I did. Why? Because I just wanted to see who two superheroes destroy a hundred megatons of nuclear bombs and the size of MICROWAVE. And then I realized what stupid I am. Of course, this is Chuck's movie. And not only he unanimously dropped the doll with tweezers, but he does it - TWICE !! I could write a book about all the stupid things in this movie, but I spent my life spawning. <br /> <br /> So did the makers of this movie add another Chuck Norris to their website: Can Chuck Norris cancel the nuclear bomb? Yes, and he can do it twice!
