I have to admit that I smiled a couple of times during this trivial vacation in 2004, but it's already out of my short-term memory. During a career that slides quite quickly towards tabloid vagueness, Ben Affleck, the once promising comic artist who got into the Hollywood advertising machine, restored himself to a romantic leading person. Based on this film, it does not seem that the transformation is taking place because it still lacks gravity, which would make it reliable in such parts. While his friend Matt Damon takes clever roles in films such as "Syriana", Affleck appears in this commercial paper. The superficial character of a successful but lonely advertising manager Drew Latham fits better with Affleck than most of the other roles he tried. <br /> <br /> Director Mike Mitchell (whose most famous film is the 1999 Deuce Bigelow: Man Gigolo) and no less than four scriptwriters (always a bad sign) scripts, the sparse plot revolves around his character's need to "rent" his a family living in childhood to live your old-fashioned fantasy Christmas, which he never had, the concept is intriguing, because there is something we all are committed to feeling amused in the middle of holidays, with the cathartic liberation of sentimentality. The film seems to be an extended drawing without any logic or authentic emotional resonance. Hara, who is playing Valcos, a couple who decides to accept Drew's money bid pretend o <br /> <br /> Gandolfin plays Tom like Gruff, not Tony Soprano's violent relative, but he does what he can. From its classic SCTV days to Christopher Guest's mockumentary, O'Hara is always a comic gem, regardless of the vehicle, and surprisingly, it serves the best laugh as Tom's wife Christine, regardless of whether she supplies a single line liner or puts a toll on a dominant photo shoot. Kristina Applegate plays her mysterious daughter Alicia as her usual screen role, who, of course, is interested in Drew's love. Despite some of the good moments in which she enjoys playing Drew's sister in front of her girlfriend's family, it seems her character is changing with a flash, making it hard to see what Drew would see her. The story spins under the full control of the last third, from one situation to another when the plots are tied in a short order. It's a rumor that much of the movie was improvised because there was no completed scripting script. It shows, but I also have to admit that I'm interrupted.
