I have the feeling that those who took part in "Santa Claus Christmas" did not think much about the film. The characters are so inconsistent and the plot has so little idea that the film played like a rough pattern script that was with a small but one liner concept for the rich family who pays the family to let him spend Christmas together. Ben Affleck depicts Drew Latham, a typical Hollywood image of a rich egotistic advertising manager who buys his way through life. His girlfriend Missy leaves her shortly before Christmas because she is disgusting that Drew wanted to bring her to Fiji at Christmas, what she calls "family holidays" and the fact that Drew has never introduced her to her family. Later we find out that Drew's father left when he was 4 years old and his mother is dead, so it's a mystery why he just doesn't say he doesn't have a family, not to let his girlfriend believe he's not Take care of your family. <br /> <br /> The fear of arriving alone will let Drew down to Missy's shrinkage (why? I have no idea) suggesting that he will make a forgiveness ritual in his childhood home. When he meets a family living in his childhood, Valcsi Drew offers them $ 250,000 to pretend to be his family so that he can restore his childhood memories. He gets angry when he later finds out that they have an adult daughter, Alicia (Christina Applegate), because she "doesn't own a sister" and even goes so far as to write a script for the family to follow them so they act rather on her "with family. None of this makes any sense if Drew shows that he has not grown up with his family but with his mother. <br /> <br /> Alicia is also an inexplicable person who is annoyed that his family accepted Drew's money and refused to play with his fantasy. But without good reason, he suddenly starts like Drew, and after a few minutes he will hate anger to act like his girlfriend. Drew is so full of joy at the film that even his sad story about his lonely Christmas childhood does not cause compassion; I almost want him to finish: "Just joking! The real reason I don't see my family is that they all have limitations against me!" (2/10)
