I think this movie is a little overpriced here. There are some admirable things in it; On the one hand, it deserves the hope that it is a fictional film (ish) that relies on its story instead of a sequence of special effects and actions that carry days. Supporting casting is good, design and cinematography are good, and ideas are interesting enough (though they're feeling a little tired after the mediocre Dark City / Memento / Fight Club clones of recent years). However, the film is backed by a bad character, wooden performances by leading actors and a ridiculously bad end. <br /> <br /> The main problem I had was that the main character was neither pleasant nor likely. I understand that part of this story says that it should be a little (wait ...) secret, but I wasn't quite able to develop empathy for the character that just seemed a boring, anonymous man. What transformation of nature has forced him artificially for this sad bag. The leader actor Jeremy Northam manages to convey that the protagonist is confused and unhappy, but does not give him any compassion. Against him, Lucy Liu does what she can with her character, who does not have a real personality, unless it is the personality of the spy film cliché. <br /> <br /> One of its biggest disappointments in film is the end. I'm not giving out a spoiler here, but I say the surprise debt ended up being telegraphed at least 45 minutes before it happened. After a horrific, idea-oriented film for the first hour, the last scenes suddenly and terribly become the worst Hollywood priest with big explosions and special effects. The McGuffin movie unfolding at the end has been badly done and eventually the characters seem even less pleasing than they did before some of the film's main plot threads were solved. <br /> <br /> Film is not all bad, but. Despite its slow pace, it is able to maintain a certain low voltage level throughout it (although I think I have a higher-than-average tolerance for slow-paced films). And there are some moments when the random, paranoid feeling that director Vincenzo Natali was obviously trying to evoke is rising to the surface. But in the end, these elements are not enough to overcome the mistakes of the film's actions and script. It's probably a good movie that covers the same topics and ideas, but that's not the case.
