Let me start by saying that I mostly do the leadership style of Renny Harlin and that the operator should be praised for some of the shots. Unlike Harlin's "Elm Street 4" and "Die Hard 2", which I really liked, this movie is missing. This, my friends, is a script. Dialogue in such films is always quite terrible, but it takes a gold medal for stupidity. There are so many terrible features in this movie that I don't even want to remember them. Not only that, but filling the lines is pathetic and seems to be bad for a porn movie rather than an act of adventure. It's almost like Harlin thought that if these words slow down, they might fix the script. Wrong again. <br /> <br /> The sad part is that some talented actors are in a worse-than-bad dialogue. Stallone has never been my favorite, but when he acts around Lithgow, Turner and Rooker's worst circles, this picture is wrong. Lithgow played one of the best crooks in Ricochet, but has met someone who can't save his life here. How is it possible? I've always been his big fan and he gets to school at Stallone, who himself still made his call. The Turner part is so small and pointless, but still loses the screen. Michael Rooker can act. I know this because I've seen it on "The Days of the Blind", but it looks like it is READING its lines of smart cards. Has it come to this? When Rooker and Lithgow have scenes in which they speak, I just wanted to stop the movie from there or find them both amazingly. Unfortunately, neither of these things happened. <br /> <br /> What brings me back to Harlin, who may be the only one who accuses this confusion after screenwriters. It is his fault that I have never taken this movie at all, because he should have actually done it. The script is not very good, but the actors' performances are what destroys this movie and it must remain with the director. I don't care how much was paid for the special effects that are usually good, you can't just sacrifice the movie terribly. <br /> <br /> In addition, it seems the pace of this movie is off. The opening order was good and the plane was very well done, but how should you take care of the results of the thrust at all. I mean, I understand that they were trying to create tension with all the bells and whistles in the airplane environment, but I really don't care if they got money on this scene or not. If a bad boy could have won early, I shouldn't have admitted any of the worst movies ever!
