After flying an airplane to America three years ago, I saw that I really saw the worst movie ever created, and I can relax safely in the knowledge I should never ever face before the screen. Unfortunately, as I learned last night, it wasn't like that. Revolver is so terribly bad that I really mean visiting and watching friends so I don't feel like I'm the only stupid to watch it. It's really amazing how much this film is constantly full of its face, and I mean CONSTANT's main characters' voice transmissions, which is a totally ugly pretentious mess! I was actually in an angry movie, listening to Andre Benjamin's totally relentless droning for what seemed like a half-film, though all the time I was thinking - what Turkey would have done for this gangster / candy full joke, regardless of what it should be when he made his bid? I'll tell you what. She would have told her f ** k off, blew her head and look with total contempt, as her equally uneven partner goes as fast as her hips legs carry her. I mean, what should we believe to go through Jake's head when they offer him a solution to his problem? They are men, so they probably also have the ability to cure incurable blood diseases! I mean ffs. Isn't she going to wonder why her symptoms won't worsen? On the third day, the pennis will not fall off what happens to Richie, which puts the public in a painfully patronizing phone call between Av and Jake so he knows he's connected. Anyway, I can add a small positive note to the film, moving to dry humor, if it does, fortunately for a similar standard of the previous movie. bulls ** t! This movie does not catch anything as smart as redeeming it through some well-timed fun lines, oh no. It has somehow been so miserable that I didn't really hear as much as a fully wrapped cinema titer? and anyone who knows the Sheffield UGC knows how big the main screen is, and not one person as much as a smile. Maybe he never wanted the movie to be funny and fair, but you can still make a good gangster comedy movie, but what does he plan to hang out for? An unnecessarily terrible plot! ?? I sincerely hope not! <br /> <br /> The most satisfying moment I went through last night was to hear the very loud skiing feeling that came from all the directions of the audience, because everyone desperately asked for the film to end. It was also really fun to see how quickly the patrons fought and forced their way out after they realized they were out, and they were free from their torment! <br /> <br /> I'll lay it down (I 'll finally have to write it to make me angry again. I mean sh ** t! Finish? .. no, sorry, I can't, you just go and see You can't put it in words, just can't, and after you've seen it, you know why.
