"52 Pick Up" just doesn't work. See if you are interested in Elmore Leonard or John Frankenheimer or someone who is terrible, especially John Glover, who is definitely great. But this book - a slow-burning dwarf thriller with a lot of cellulose - should have been translated into an Oscar challenging film that could not determine whether it should faithfully represent a hard-boiled, sharp criminal story from the book, or to choose the 1980s Schwarzenegger. Shoot-em-up. Relocating the scene from the original location of the book, Detroit (the area where Leonard has lived for years and knows very well) makes Los Angeles a major problem that Leonard is trying to fix in his script, but ultimately cannot. For example, it was a smart device that turned Mitchell's wife into a city council woman (she didn't have a job in this book), if you think it is the only way you could probably blackmail someone's sexual craze in a city like the 1980s in Los Angeles for adultery or any possible sex scandal . Even then, it is plausible that a more conservative eastern country like Michigan believes that a) his small porn industry is a buggy, grumpy hell, where three losers could desperately create a non-so-foolish middle class classmate who undergoes a life-long crisis and b) Adultery alone can be something that could be extorted if their ultimate career and old-fashioned women could not cope with the shock. As consultant Ron Jeremy tells you, in the 1980s Los Angeles was a colorful, stylish porn mecca, more than the movie "Boogie Nights" as Leonard's dark, hidden worlds hijacked by tourist buses, grimy apartments and drug-related shops in depressed cities. And again, Los Angeles may be the backdrop for the story when the landscape is more carefully organized - there are still many dark crannies and psychopaths. Unfortunately, Roy Scheider's Harry Mitchell comes out in a sexy, beautiful Uebermensch, who dances through his problems, even without sweat. In the book, he pulled out a jerk-union official when he fought a failed business. During the war he was in a friendly fire, he also had a skeleton in his closet for which he was responsible, but never seemed. Elmore Leonard's stories usually have a central image that includes a strange attitude between criminal and law-abiding citizens. Here, Harry Mitchell, who sat in his post with a press officer, Alan Raimy, making him financial books and negotiating a more practical ransom, makes such a central image. The Glover presser plays the scene with convincing intelligence, but Scheider represents the victim here as "good guys" who are responsible for the situation as he would be more Rambo with M-16 than the eternal who hardly crumbles his world around him. "52 Pick Up" ends with one of the worst conclusions, considering all the thoughts that went into the original story and then the film. Raimy trapped inside Mitchell's Jaguar and blowing him with Mitchell's sadistic monologue, exploding music band music, for the audience who wants Chuck Norris's movie "Sweet Revenge", not the intelligent balanced world of Leonard's book, where Mitchell escapes hardly and the conflict between good and evil can easily go . I left the theater with my head shaking and depressed. What a waste of talent.
