David Chase "Sopranos" is perhaps the last memory that has been highly praised. Not only does the series lack intelligence and passion, it is not a soul. As anyone reads probably already knows, James Gandolfini * IS * Tony Soprano, a big, greasy ** attack boss hole that has spoiled b * tch wife and two bratty, including * t-brained kids who live - you guessed it - America armpit (by the way, New Jersey). Tony is not only a female adulterer, but also a meaningless murder with "Saturday Night Live" team members. It's not that Tony is a piece of * t mobster that offends me (and probably only me). Allowing people is what the American TV hardly promises. But Chase - and her enthusiastic Emmy-gored writers - have not just allowed us to look at Tony and her team when they act, and have not even tried to give any overview (even the obviously fixed) of organized crime (a "The Godfather"). Instead, Chase respects the greedy, violent, and corrupt lifestyles of her characters in the same way as Tony, her wife, and even her haired psychologist week (or I should say in a month. Or is it a year It seems that the bad 13 episode of the exhibition come out with the same regularity as six-fold hiding). Much has been done to refuse a series of "network" structures, where the lines do not move anywhere, and characters that jump and disappear like a domestic pest. But if the exhibition is so brilliant because of its lack of structure, why does it always seem like I'm watching a soap opera? Tired mobile piano, boring housewives, self-service, irrevocable characters and plots that don't go anywhere. More than ever, I can see why so many Americans with Italian heritage are sown at this exhibition. It is enough if you want to have a good book (Danté "Inferno" reminds you). <br /> <br /> People in IMDbis love to say that there is nothing good on television and therefore "Sopranos" are the breath of fresh air. Are the same people too busy to pay their cable bills to watch "Shield"? (This is included in Basic, ya know). How is (still good) "West Wing"? Or did it work (if wrongly written) with "Boston Legal"? What is probably the best comedy of the last few decades, "Arrested Development"? And that we do not forget that we live in DVD age - no one * can * see anything * new. I would like a lot more than $ 40 for an overpriced shell set, very much, something * for giving $ 10 a month to HBO (or $ 80 for a DVD!) To continue to prove how big a hacking might be. <br /> <br /> Do you want good television? See: "Slaughter: Life on the Street." Or "Murder One". Or "Picket Fences". Or even an earlier show of Chase, "Northern Exposure." If you're already in the legion of "A-Soprano" brain-washed fans and critics, you're too late. But if not, leave Tony and his worthless relative, to which they all belong - to rot with fish. ("Sleeping" would be too kind)
