Seriously, I get a lot of abdominal blood, gore and repulsion, but what really makes this movie disturbing and awkward to watch is how the doctor's character keeps rambling physical damage done by raped women. He, John Cassavetes, "Rosemary's Baby," speaks of torn womb, dry proportions, and massive reddish (?) Sperm loads as they are the most common ailments in the world. This means that "Incubus" is ultimately the STRANGE horror force. It's not necessarily terrible? although it is not very good ?? but just weird. The puzzling and inconsistent script begins with the swelling of the meat and blood rape killer (although the title clearly refers to the involvement of the supernatural being) and it never seems to be the introduction of new characters. None of these characters, especially the main ones, did not become compassionate and, for some unexplained reason, they all seem to be secret in the dark. The aforementioned doctor has a strange interpretation of her daughter's love and acts constantly as she is a suspect, the city sheriff (John Ireland) seems to be constantly intoxicated and does not even seem to care who keeps raping and killing women in her city, the female reporter is too weird for words and Galens (the old witch and her grandson) is just horrible. All in all, they are desperately trying to solve the mystery of who or what exactly destroys the women of the cities who reproduce the organs. The sequences built in the direction of rapes and murders are admirable and the whistles themselves are bloody and dissatisfied. In principle, they are very positive factors in the horror film, but the narrative structure is too inconsistent and the characters are too unreasonable to make Incubus a really good movie. There are also quite a few tedious parts to effortlessly (for example, Bruce Dickinson's concert film) and usually the very reliable direction of John Hough is almost unnoticeable. But the final blow is really horrible. For me, "Incubus" was a bit of a disappointment for me, but there are still good reasons to recommend this odd piece to the fanatics of open genres in the early 1980s.
