Young couple Mandy Pullman (Mitch Martin) and Roy Seeley (Matt Birman) relax on the small town of Galen. They decide to start playing practical jokes. Mandy hides in an old fist in the cab, attacked and raped by an unknown attacker. Roy tries to help him after listening to the screams, but he is killed. Dr. Sam Cordell (John Cassavetes) and his daughter Jenny (Erin Flannery) are both new to Galen after Sam's wife's death. Sami was invited by police chief Hank Walden (John Ireland) to find Mandy and Roy. He fills Roy's autopsy and treats Mandy for his terrible injuries. Soon, a local museum curator named Carolyn Davis (Denise Furgusson) will also be attacked and raped. The local journalist Laura Kincaid (Kerrie Keane) announces the events and suggests to Sam that the same rape and murders took place in the city 30 years earlier. There are more rapes and murders. Meanwhile, Jenny's boyfriend Tim Galen (Duncan MacIntosh) has had strange dreams and nightmares and is convinced that he has something to do with terrible deeds. Timi's story and digging into past areas makes Sama convinced of the existence of a creature called Incubus - a demonic modifying entity that exists only for reproduction! Director John Hough is one of the most serious boring horror films. The George Franklin script, based on Ray Russell's novel, has been said little by little. Something interesting or exciting does not happen and it ends with the end of one of the most boring twists I've ever seen and frustrating that it just ends unexpectedly. As the story moves at the teodempo, there are few rapes, but none of them are displayed. There's only one gore scene in the whole movie. The monster itself is shown only at the end and has all three short scenes. All the way of producing this film is very static and flat, the film has no energy or pace. Operation is boring and you don't know or care for anyone. See the event in a dissection chamber where you can see the boom at the top of the screen repeatedly. The type of ghost movie that is forgotten during the day. A real waste of time, don't worry.
