Stephen King is generally ill and it's good, but this story is too sick. Some movies eventually feel sad about the characters or situations they've gone through ... here you just feel depressed. The film has this pleasant feeling (at first) where the family is moving to the country, and the creepy old Fred Gwyne welcomes and warns these pet cemeteries, but this plot is nowhere. It starts with such a great potential, but eventually it loses its potential to be a good horror film, and it becomes nervous, extremely stupid and ultimately frustrating. <br /> <br /> Louis (Dale Midkoff), his wife Rachel (Denise Crosby), their children Ellie and Gage, and their cat move to Maine's new home. They are warned by the loony peasant neighbor Jud (Fred Gwyne) about the local pet cemetery and how it is cursed. Louis thinks nothing about it and everything is fine until the family's cat is killed. He bursts into this damn cemetery and goes back to life, constantly torturing the family and wanting to stay alone. One day, Gage ends up on the roads and runs through and kills the truck, and Louis knows he must bury him. When Gage goes back in life, he changes and wants to murder. <br /> <br /> With many of Stephen King's works that do not change well into films, I blame the directors and screenwriters. In this case, Mr. King was a screenwriter, but I blame him for his terrible story. After all, it is so pointless and, although uncomfortable, a prerequisite is ridiculous. A little boy comes back from the dead and succeeds in killing people who look like a small scalpel, and not just that, but he can lift his body and in one case lead the body from the ground to the attic! ) I know it's not set in reality, but seriously, how stupid is it? The scene where Louis injects his dead, now lives to kill the cat, is strange, because the cat does not deserve it. It all went around his business and he killed it. The scene she injects with her baby son is almost intolerable. Not unbearably sad, but the whole situation is just terrible. After Gage injected, they drunk dead before they died. Why did they have to make a movie that ended with the child's death? But ... even worse, their actual ending, which includes Louis, who buries someone else (not going to give away who it is) in the graveyard after killing Gage .... what was he waiting for? Why did Mr. King write this terrible story and why did it become a movie? It's frustrating and pointless! <br /> <br /> My rating: * out ****. 90 minutes. R for violence.
