The memory banks of most of the reviewers here have to be in a short time when they are trying to recall this cubic zirconia, because virtually everybody was wrong to fail Lloyd Bochner Walter Thornton. The tip of his new wife, Jerilee Randall-Thornton (almost comatose Pia Zadora), was used for sexual assault in the film earlier ... but I'm going myself. In any case, the poor Lloyd would have been able to get this line to the unspoken audience as soon as he had his co-star. <br /> <br /> Difficult because most of us believe, especially these days, someone in Hollywood doesn't want to recommend a bad movie. This is certainly not the most defenseless argument, because many seem so damn that many of them come out. But then again, the film's breed, which must be imagined at the time of its creation, writing, casting and directing, must be cursed with a cinematic equivalent that tries to shoot during the March ideas. <Br /> <br /> LONELY LADY belongs to this category, being very well represented in the circumstances. Here we have all the ingredients contained in the recipe that are guaranteed by the monumentally fallen smoke: Pia Zadora, a marginal singer / actor, so decisive that she would be taken seriously so that she would take practically anything that could separate her from her peers (which movie was definitely! ); a somewhat high-profile novel written by Trashmaster himself, Harold Robbins (THE CARPETBAGGERS and DREAMS DIE FIRST celebrity); cast, who probably thought they were so happy they were working, trying to play that dreck like Clifford Odets or Ibsen; plus a director who probably was a hired weapon who kept confusion just to collect a fee (and was probably contractually obliged not to demand the Alan Smithee moniker to protect his reputation.) Like Lamont Johnson LIPSTICK, Meir Zarchi I SPIT ON YOUR GRAVE, Roger Vadim BARBARELLA, Paul Verhoeven SHOWGIRLS or really badmaking Grandmammy, Frank Perry MOMMY DEAREST, LONELY LAD is still often debated (usually disgusting, disbelief), scared laughter or a unique combination of all three), but also breaks Hollyweird's dissection, description, or even scam logic . No one is sure how it was born, how it was ever published in one theater or why it is still and almost impossible to get rid of, but take it or leave it here. And I don't think lovers of really good BAD movies would do it any other way.
