Paul Armstrong is a liberal, Scottish-born professor in Harvard, known for his passionate opposition to the death penalty employed by Bobby Earli, a young black man from Florida who has been convicted of raping and murdering eleven-year-old white girl Joanie Shiver. Earl argues that his admission of a crime was difficult by a sadistic police officer and that the actual murderer is Blair Sullivan, a serum killer who has already been sentenced to death for several other murders. Armstrong visits Sullivan in his death cell, hoping to convince him to confess Joanie's murder, thus saving Earl from an electric chair. <br /> <br /> First all goes well. Sullivan admits and Earl is released from prison when the Court of Appeal revokes his conviction. Since this development takes place only a little after the half-time of the film, the alarm clocks will ring in the viewer's mind. "Warning! The bigger plot turns!" And that proves. Expected deformation will soon materialize. It turns out that Earl is in fact guilty of the crime he was just acquitted of, and probably many others, but with the Sullivan he peeled off a devilish plan to secure his freedom; Sullivan admits Joanie's murder when Earl kills his parents. (Just why Sullivan wanted his parents to never be explained precisely). Armstrong now finds himself in danger of a man whose life he has just saved; Earl has Armstrong's wife, a lawyer who acted as a lawyer in an earlier case when Earl was accused of rape. <br /> <br /> "Just Cause" is an example of auto-cannibalism, where Hollywood sometimes has a pleasant roar, huddling one movie with recycling and many other devices. The first party owes obviously to films that are owed, such as "Intruder in the Dust" and "Kill Mockingbird"; The only difference is that the Sheriff, who wins Bobby Earl's confession, is himself black, while in earlier films he would have been white. (Police cruelty is now an equal opportunity activity). The central twist of the plot was borrowed from Costa-Gavras' music box, although this film does not show revelation before its end. Finale, where a lawyer, her husband and a young young daughter are at risk of a former client, is the obvious plagiarism of "Cape Fear" in two versions, which also take place in the south of America. Characteristics of Ed Harris The Sullivan, a religious maniac quoting the Bible, is a direct imitation of the character of Robert de Niro in the Scorsese version of Cape Fear, made four years before "Just Cause". <br /> <br /> (There's a postcard. Just like "Just Cause" borrowed from a lot of other films, seven years later, his central plot twist was in turn blatant in Ashley Judd's vehicle. High crimes "). The problem with the style of making this movie is that the resulting movies are generally much less distinguished than the ones that inspired them.The whole is usually much less than the sum of the parts, and "Just Cause" is a lot less than any of them, Harris is usually a talented actor, but this is one of his weakest performances, mainly because he doesn't play as much as playing de Nirot, who plays Max Cad. Blair Underwood is OK, like Bobby Earl (allegedly innocent young man from early) Scenes, but not convincing when Bobby Earl is the psychopath of later murders. Sean Connery as Armstrong and Laurence Fishburne as the Black Sheriff is rather better, but neither is good enough to record a movie. y and Harris acted better next year in "The Rock". <br /> <br /> There is another problem with Just Cause. The first part of the film looks like a normal liberal "theme" movie, death penalty, anti-racial and critical heavy handle. The other side sees the work of a hard-prone reagent, proclaiming the message that all criminals are evil colors, the only way to deal with them is to fry them that liberal lawyers are useful idiots. and that police officers suspected of being beaten are recognized as heroes. The filmmakers seem to be blissfully aware that the twist of the plot, randomly placed in the middle of their film, had an (expectedly undesirable) effect on reversing their political attitude or when they were aware of the problem. An appropriately twisted plot is thought to be more important than political continuity. 4/10
