Sexo Cannibal or Devil Hunter, as it is more known to an English-speaking audience, starts with actress and model Laura Crawford (Ursula Buchfellner Ursula Fellnerina), who controls her new movie location with assistant Jane (Gisela Hahn). After a long day of work, Laura relaxes in her room when two very dubious characters, Chris (Werner Pochath) and Thomas (Antonio Mayans), burst and abduct her, as she has been helped by deceptive Jane. Laura agent receives a blower to hire Peter-Weston (Al Cliver), who has been informed of the situation, robbers of Laura isolated on the island and claiming 6 million ransom. Peter is told that he will be paid 200,000 people to get him back, and another 10% out of 6 million if he brings it back, faster than the rat up the drain pipe Peter & his Vietnam Vet friend helicopter pilot Jack is on the island and deciding how to save Laura . So Laura & Peter have 6 million robbers, but they don't want to hand over them. To simplify things even more, this isolated island is home to a primitive tribe (hell, in all those living generations where they have lived), it has managed to build only one brewery, which is now primitive. Altman), whose eyes are sacrificed by God, and this cannibal is pleasing to young, white female flesh and intestine ... <br /> <br /> This Spanish, French and German co-production was directed by the head of the fruitful Jesus Franco, who also receives music. for credit. Sexo Cannibal has gained some recognition in the UK because it was placed in the Video Nasties list at the beginning of the 80s, when it is the title of an alternate Devil Hunter and was therefore formally classified as obscene and banned, saying that I have no idea why there is one bad movie and even Franco, who is not afraid to be associated with turkey, decides he wants to hide under Clifford Brown's alias. I think even the hardest Franco fan would have a hard time protecting this thing. Franco script, erm sorry, I mean Clifford Brown and Julian Esteban as Julius Valery, who was obviously the second less than impressed with the finished product and wanted his name removed, is terrible. It's so easy and straight forward. To begin with, the movie is so boring that it's true, the robbery site is one of the worst I've ever seen without the slightest tension or excitement, and the horrible side of things doesn't get better when we get the big black boy's fool looking for too big blood-flow eyes plus two taming cannibal scenes . Since the horror film Sexo Cannibal fails and adventure is an adventure, he has no success, it is one to avoid. <br /> <br /> Director Franco shows his usual incompetence to the full, the reversed head reaches the actress who is lying on the ground with large leaves placed on the bottom of the neck to try and give the impression that it is not related! The cannibal scenes are bad, the action is flat and it has endless scenes of people who accidentally walk through the jungle 'A' B and don't really do anything when they get there. It gets incredibly boring and tedious to watch in about 10 minutes and don't forget that this thing will continue in 94 minutes in its uncut state. I also have to mention the fun scene when Al Cliver climbs the rock, Franco reaches it, turning his camera towards it and taking Cliver down the floor! Just see how his coat hangs and how he never grabs something he just pulls! Gore is not that big and as much as Euro cannibal films are so great, there are some big close-ups of the cannibal mouth because it looks like pieces of meat, the man is smiling, there is blood and a handful of intestines. Sexo Cannibalis is a fair bit of nudity and an unpleasant rape scene. <br /> <br /> Sexo Cannibal must have a low budget and I mean low. This is a badly done bad film with terrible special effects and lower production values. The only decent thing about this is the jungle, which at least seems authentic. Music sucks and sound effects become annoying because when the cannon is on the screen, there are many difficulties in breathing. Functional sucking, the whole thing is obviously duplicated, but no one can act on this. <br /> <br /> Sexo Cannibal is a terrible film that makes a deadly mistake as boring as hell. The only good thing I can say is that he has a certain butterfly atmosphere and these close-ups of cannibal chews are pretty big. Anyone looking for a decent cinematic experience should give Sexo Cannibal as wide as possible to avoid.
