In the days before the toxic avenger, the low camp kings of Troma Films tried to take high (OK, somewhat less low) paths to create straightforward images. I would like to think that looking at the results here is what convinced them to give up all the claims and go to a self-conscious parody. <br /> <br /> Splatter University is another film for the masochists of the audience. Because it tends to separate through two separate castings and countless meaningless sub-blocks, it actually becomes painful. Let's see if I can get together. <br /> <br /> After learning that a dangerous psychopath has escaped from a local hospital, the activity goes to the Catholic University (I don't remember the name but the title of the title), we call it St. Splatter. Pupils are strange and sullenid and argue against each other, slackers before their time. At the same time, the new professor Julie Parker is completely incompetent in her work. Children deal with relationships, infidelity, unwanted pregnancies, holy priests, and how to avoid any class work; Julie deals with creepy boy, St. Splatter's rigid leadership, counseling of unwanted mothers, and an empty, unspeakable look of his students. None of this means that the matter has been resolved roughly. Oh, and every time for a long time, POV-punches come along and stabs one girl to death, but don't hold your breath. There's a Red Herring Killer, and then, unfortunately, an antitrimic confrontation with Real Killer, it's back to shelter and roll credit. <br /> <br /> Slow paced and numerous snippets appear almost likely to be under construction. disappointment with the viewer, with help of blind editing, audio quality of the coffee network and dialogue that just doesn't make sense. And the most appealing thing about this movie is fixing the killer to women - the men in this movie are just as worthy. I would have paid good money to see someone shaving a girl or a lothhead who was a girlfriend or some horrible priest. There is no justice.
