I bought a BLOOD CASTLE DVD on eBay for a few dollars that didn't know what it was and all I can say is that I was not disappointed with this purchase. BLOOD CASTLE is one of those terrible European horror films that has almost no redemption quality, unless it is fun for all bad reasons. Opening alone was worth the DVD: our hero, Dr. Ivanna, arrives at a castle where he should help a scientist, Baron Dalmar, who tests dead tissue. On his way to castle 1) man tries to rape Ivanna. 2) The castle housekeeper is fighting with him. 3) maid wants her dead. 4) And finally, Baron Dalmar spits almost him and wants him out the next day. Hmm ... something says he's not welcome. With such an unfortunate arrival, you would think that Ivanna is leaving the place in NY-minutes, but not, like so many great movies, our "stubborn" hero decides to stay and even enjoy candlelight dinner with this evil baron the same eventful day. The introduction is so overwhelming (it is even bigger than the memorable first minutes of this Canadian film JUNIOR), which I knew I enjoyed. <br /> <br /> But fun doesn't stop there. Ivanna is repeatedly stunned at night when she sleeps, only to wake up unconsciously, naked, tied and tortured in unseen S&M sessions. Even after these nightly S&M sessions, Ivanna Castle, who is angry with Baron, is convinced that what he is experiencing is nothing but dreams. I expect that even after being treated so badly, Ivanna is in love with the grace. Ivanna completely ignores something negative about her, including the obvious fact that the door Baron is popular with young women. Every woman in the castle (it seems that only women work there) is in love with an accident that does not mind using young things. Things become even smoother when someone goes around the heritage and kills (and killed) women. Basically, Baron's physically dispersed brother Igor is responsible for everything. In a very long wind scene, the brother warns the baron that he should not participate too much in Ivanna or bear the consequences. So what does Baron and Ivan do to it? Well, they get married naturally! During a very short marriage ceremony, the baron is captured by an angry local resident (the father of one dead girl). But all this does not hold Ivanna, who, in the midst of all the dead young women and the surrounding torture, delighted happily with the injured baron, "it's just a meat wound" and two can go ahead and enjoy their honeymoon in the castle. where is the brother of the killer / rapist / tormentor. The whole thing is quickly divided into a delicate triangle of love between Ivana, Baron and Igor. Blame it all with love! <br /> <br /> Anyway, you get the idea: it's not fine. Almost everyone in this movie is ridiculous and if it is not an OTT, such as the predicted climax, then things get boring. But for most movies, the director or writer will rejoice at another illogical moment. I really love these movies, all as fine as knocking over the head with a butterfly, and inhabited by illogical characters. Even those who made this Retromedia DVD to understand and when you go to the scene selection section, we hear one of the funniest bits dubbed from the movie indefinitely. <br /> <br /> Production values ​​are beautiful. Opening and closing, with their candles and red curtains ... ah, class soup. Music sometimes sounds from Tim Burton's film, which adds only its fluctuation. And traditionally, when young women take off their clothes, they just ask to kill. </p> This is a good movie, I appreciate it as a strong 8 star. If you enjoy tricks, watch it. It must see. The only thing that left me to contemplate about this: what would she have had to step out of this freaking castle for this woman?
