(different spoilers) <br /> <br /> Gene Kelly. Not Georges Guetary, who is sometimes criticized for being too young and French. Not Leslie Caron, who is sometimes criticized for her green activities. Not even Oscar Levant, who more often than dickens me to irritate me. No, it would certainly be Gene Kelly. There is something on her screen that is too ambitious and focused on convincing her as an Parisian artist, content to push the critics endlessly, with small children and old ladies and street paintings. It made her in SINGIN in RAIN and in other films as effective as she played ambitious, focused characters. Jerry Mulligan is, in a sense, a relative of Tommy Albright's BRIGADON, another of Lerner's story, where Kelly's miscast is with American amused ends who love a picturesque Europe and an innocent woman who embodies her virtues. <br /> <br /> Except that Jerry is not as pleasant as even poorly tumbled Tommy. This is another movie. Jerry is sometimes lost to Milos and even worse Lise. When she first sees her in the club, she pulls a dirty trick to dance with her. When he sits down again, he even pulls a slick trick to get his phone number. When he calls him the next day, he hangs on to him what he approves of dropping his job. And all this is obvious that he doesn't want to do anything to him. If he laughs at the perfume shop, it is as plausible as Milo's interest in his paintings. Of course, he's beautiful and playful, but why should he hit him if he has Henri, who looks like a gentleman to go about it? <br /> <br /> It is true that it comes partly because of the actor. When Lise plays the role, say, Judy Garland, she will shower with Jerry with outrageous insults. If he played for Cyd Char, his guts would admire. But when she plays for the first time by Leslie Caron, she looks like a shy, vulnerable teenager, and as a result, it looks like Jerry looks like slipping. And why did they choose these other actors (though I would rather like to solve things by changing leadership) if the whole story depends on the romance of the two young poor gold lovers, who will not let their loved ones become rich to their parents? Not only Gene Kelly a couple of years over Guetary and Foch, she is old enough to be Caroni's father. <br /> <br /> In short, I think all this would have improved when some young comedy-embraced dancer Jerry threw what kind of musical support role usually appeared ... eg Ray MacDonald with good news or Bobby Van's small ride. Maybe not necessarily just someone like them. Someone who could have Lise walk and feel safe playing; someone who would be really happy to live in this Chaplinesque hole-wall; someone whose humor and naive would be better with Oscar Levant's sarcastic georgia. Probably the ballet would have seemed less meaningful. And it could have been a voice that could make Gershwin better. <br /> <br /> All this can give me the impression that I don't like Gene Kelly. I like it. He was terrible in most of his films, just not (well, and some others). I do not despise the AAIP itself; it has good points, such as the direction of art. And Leslie Caron, who, despite her inexperience, is quite charming and looks just like she just left the painting. Georges Guetary does a good job and his "Stair to Paradise" is my favorite number. Nina Foch is beautiful and moving and should reach SOMEBODY. But not Jerry Mulligan. I wouldn't want him to.
