N.B.: Spoilers inside. Naturally and inevitably, the appointment of an artistic director for opera production means that you will be part of this director's mind. But the management of Wagner's opera is a particularly difficult task, because he was perhaps the clearest operative composer, what things should look like and how they should open up. Hans-Jurgen Syberberg uploads this film "Parsifal" from Wagner's final masterpiece, which has enough remote ideas to make it almost sewn. You get more than one director: you get the whole fattened hog and then some. Syberberg is admired that he wants to tear back the harsh aspects of German history. But does it work to wish for Wagner's opera, which has already adapted to its concepts? <br /> <br /> Scenes in Laws I and III with the Holy Grail of Knights are especially full of visual allegory and symbolism. They are derived from Wagner's own time, long before and beyond. If you know what these things mean, they can enrich Syberberg's vision for you (but not necessarily increase Wagner's vision); if you don't know what they mean, they're just confusing, if not annoying. I don't bother to disassemble the opera pieces here. Suffice it to say that it is a typical synthesis of the various elements of Wagner, in this case the mixing of the Holy Grail's legend with the principles, practices, and competition of Christianity. The theme of salvation plays a major role here, as in almost every Wagner opera. <br /> <br /> In Syberberg's first work (in the middle of a personal astonishing blindness) I had to sweat personally. But Law II takes speed. Here we meet Klingsor, an evil witch, to travel with a misleading "innocent stupid" Parsifal. The biggest seducer of all, Kundry, is used to attract him to the dark side. After more symbols for the first time, they are removed and the long, proud, transforming duet between the young fools and the bully rises really. Finally, the film begins to work with true magic and is mainly due to the choice of Syberberg to set things naturally and simply. Suddenly he started to act (expressive actor Edith Clever and the wonderful soprano of Yvonne Minton's team to create wonderful laundry facilities); Suddenly, music seems to live and enliven the confusion of the two characters. The camera's work remains simple and quiet. In other words, Wagner is allowed to talk about his own story. And it works well. For me it was the most appealing part of the movie. <br /> <br /> With the re-entry of knights in Part 2 of Law III, the strange extraneous symbols were unfortunately rejected. Some other loony Syberberg ideas: using a great Wagner death-mask as a large set (of course, the composer's sympathetic weave is of course great); Dressing the Knights of Law III in all costumes, wigs and makeup (which the director says: knights are a bunch of buffaloes to express several or timeless layers that transcend their surface functions? This is someone's guess); entering? only after Parsifal made Kundry's incredibly touching baptism? filming images of conductor reuse in today's realm, his orchestra in the studio (it completely created my dramatic thread, requiring a few minutes to reclassify); full avoidance, which would allow any time between Laws II and III (if we meet again with a knight and "narrator" Gurnemanz, he should be old, old man and Parsifal should reappear in the tired but wiser center of the world) but the strangest thing is that Parsifal's character is divided into male / female components. Some find it the most brilliant stroke. Undoubtedly, I can get credit for Karin Krick, who plays "Parsifal 2", working with strength and dignity (he also happens to be the best cast of all the lips). But please ... Wagner's Parsifal concept is so complicated. His growth from a completely innocent shop who does not know anything about his past, his breakthrough realization in Act II, what Amfor's eternal wound means, and how he has become his own, upon his return to Law III the Great Redeemer? It is a masterfully built character journey. Bi-sexual pressure is just a trick and absurd. (And what is that nonsense about homoerotic Gurnemanzi and Parsifal? Can we just disagree with the mentor / trainee relationship that is surprisingly the opposite of Law III?) <br /> <br /> The Monte Carlo Philharmonic Armin Jordan Is Passion and Beauty although the cream is disappointing). But after watching this movie, I just wanted to pull out my very own Solti-driven recording (highly recommended) and retrieve my Wagner camps straight away. In my opinion, the film experience was strange and fun. For Syberberg's credit, he has created a visually stopping job and is definitely offering a unique important opera. But instead of adhering to "parisal", he seems to have wanted to bring all things to Wagnerian: man, life, tremendous influence ... it's all a raw symbolic code. "Parsifal" opera is already full of weighty insignia: Grail, Spear, Sacraments, Baptism, Continuous Bleeding of Amfort, Casting's own castration, Kiss, Kundry's Curse and on and on. Not to mention that * musical * symbolism always sounds in the form of a Wagner Leitmotif system. "Parsifal" itself is one big symbol! Returning to the first paragraph question, Syberberg's whole hunt is too much for me. But if this project sounds like your fiction, go to it. I just don't recommend being away from it; you can find yourself satisfied with your heart. Or if you need something to break the Wagner barrier, try it ... but please don't stop here. "Parsifal" is in its late and very mature league.
