I am fully aware that there is no statistical data to support the link between video games and actual violence. The film is false and fake because it is in itself completely inconsistent, which I tried to emphasize in my original review. The film does not succeed, not necessarily because I really think that video games affected these children, but because the film makes it "random" and does not go through. Let me explain. In Alylene: Serial Killer's life and death, you see his claims on the police and under the control of radio waves are ridiculous, but he's so restless that he really believes they're true. However, the viewer can make a difference. On zero day, two children say how they do not affect the environment, which is obviously wrong, because everything they do is against it. Neo-Nazism, we are talking about going to CNN with Wolf Blitzer (which is ridiculous not only because they know their name but the shameless attempt of the filmmaker to get their bad movie coverage) .. etc. This film is not a "reality", it does not show anything but a phonetic point to prove it. Unfortunately you fell into the bait and didn't see it and you didn't take it from my review. The whole film simply takes Michael Moore's hypothesis and applies it in the hope of validating something "real life", and it doesn't succeed, not necessarily because the hypothesis is wrong, but because the film is wrong and doesn't support it. Of course I do not believe that children playing video games are more likely to kill people, but if I am not mistaken, the children of Columbine (or some teenage killer) are not in the video game forest who claim how much they saw or acted like Doom's weapons? Hmmmmmmm, the difference is kids are probably aware of the media, influenced, but apparently balanced or intelligent enough that its not even an issue. Zero day is a bad film, not because I really believe there is a correlation, but because the filmmaker doesn't know what he's trying to say, and the movie can no longer refute and support it. This is almost the same if the new ratings given to video games were disturbed by the fact that they came out of zero on the contradiction. If you want to see the "pointless" teen killer theory, pull out Bully.
