This review applies to movie clipping, which is generally available as "Furman of Wolfman". I understand there is an uncut version with additional materials, and I hope it contained at least eight or nine important scenes that seem to be missing, called "Fury of the Wolfman." In short, there is no point in the film. It is totally pointless and incomprehensible to be meaningless in it. <br /> <br /> Waldemar Daninsky, the venerable lycanthropic antihero that Paul Naschy depicts in a seemingly endless series of films, is probably a normal man who has just returned from a trip to Tibet, where he was attacked by jet. But it has made him a werewolf. Daninsky is a doctor, scientist and tutor who seems to be a college. One of her female counterparts, Ilona Elmann, participates in a vague hypnosis ... "Chematodes", a meaningless word used for wires attached to the victim's head. Ellman feels that it allows him to "change the direction of the human brain," which naturally allows the world to rule, provided that he is able to get us all with the associated wires without problems. <br /> <br /> Elmann is also in werewolves because he rob Daninski and takes him to a hidden lab. He also has a number of other people who are trapped there. Some of them look like gypsies and they are chained, in a different situation. Others are clearly hippies. Elmann feels that one day he can "help them again be a human being" (?), But in the meantime he checks them with his own chematos. Waldemar becomes her hairy hit man who wanders like a werewolf zombie - so long as filmmakers decide to use another Naschy werewolf movie "Franken's Blood Terror" (don't ask) at what point the Naschy werewolves make a major change and it goes like an animal. <br /> <br /> Does that make sense? No? Good. This is the rescue arm of the movie. It does not attempt to involve you in any way at the intellectual level, but at full speed, without any meaningless dialogue or a set of cheap horror movies. "Crazy Fury" may be the best Halloween party. You don't have to pay attention to this, and in fact, if you do, you're completely confused.
