I saw this little magnum opus for the first time very recently on one of those dollar DVDs that seem to be everywhere today and what it shifted so much that I can't include myself. For those who have never seen this mesmerizingly unhappy Mexican import and want to watch it without anyone else's innocent comment, it will undoubtedly damage the important spoilers. So if you are one of these careless people, stop reading at once and go and see for yourself. If you drink yourself enough, you may be happy to cope with it. <br /> <br /> Start with the assumption that a man can get a werewolf after he has been bitten. No one in the film explains how such species baptism can take place, and the rest of the film is hopelessly meaningless. But pour another glass of wine (or whatever you drink) and continue. <br /> <br /> Paul Naschy (our werewolf) has seen a man fighting toothache in a city where only a dentist has sold his Novocaine supply for cheap whiskey and has been drunk since then. (Isn't she happy?) Naschy's facial expression never changes in make-up or outside, and apparently no one gave her any instruction on how to operate a werewolf. Sometimes he tries to emulate Lon Chaney Jr. but mostly he just walks around with his black mafia shirt, just like a cool guy with too many facial hairs. To be fair, makeup is actually better than an actor, but continuity is infinitely worse. The Naschy werewolf is the only one I think it will change the shirts twice in the middle. He goes from black shirt to red shirt, then back to black, then back to red, then back to black, all in one night of fear. Interestingly, he always makes Chaney wearing a red shirt and the cool guy walks on wearing a black shirt. And only when he wears a red shirt, we see a lot of the rage mentioned in the title. Probably there is something like a red shirt that just brings it out. <br /> <br /> So after the bite of the pollinating yeti, the poor schmuck returns home from Tibet to find out that his wife has slept with one of his students. Two illegal lovers try to kill him by adjusting his car's brakes. He lives over the wreck and makes it home for a full moon. Then, after chewing his wife and his lover, he goes down again and somehow gets himself out of power. But is that enough? Can they let this tormenting prisoner in peace? There is no way. She is a resurrected alleged female scientist with a hardcore S / M fetish, otherwise known as "The Doctor" (and certainly not a new doctoral firm). She digs her up and whispers her to her kinky box, takes her down to the cave, grabs her on the wall and gives her a fucking good screaming. Probably such an aversion should be enough to put some wolves somewhat furious. <br /> <br /> After your two-shirt rampage, our huntman spends most of the moving film around the castle trying to find a way out. (And who can blame him?) During his travels, he encounters stunningly inconsistent clichés, including a medieval armor man, an excellent unfair opera mammal (supposedly a doctor's father), and hard - slave slaves. <br /> <br /> So what is it all about, can you reasonably ask? There is a vague impression that he has something to do with mind control and something that the doctor calls "chemotrood". (Best guess. I really don't know how it is written, if there's even such a thing.) Intelligently ending an attempt in failure and most importantly, it ends ... before one's time to kick his own leg. <br /> <br /> Of course, this movie is not expected to make any sense, but at least it should be a laugh. This is not. Forget it, friend. There is a sliding anarchy about this movie, from its fasted, tequila-drenched atmosphere to terrifying cinematography and agonizing musical scores that even break even the most sozzled attempts to get any MST3K type laughs out of it. If that's not good for that, what the hell is that? If Montezuma's revenge could have been somehow digitally remastered and put on a DVD, it would have seen such a movie.
