"La Furia del Hombre Lobo" is a completely independent story that does not fit at all with previous Waldemar Daninsky films. Some have commented that this movie should take place before "Werewolf Shadow" events, although it appeared later ... they may be right, I'm not sure. Anyway, in this film, Waldemar Daninsky is bitten by a beetle-like creature in Tibet (here is a great dialogue - "It was Yeti. But it's impossible. I'm a scientist and that's not. It was hallucination. It's all.) with a pentagram sign, he can avoid the change to a werewolf until he discovers that his wife has been cheating on him. When he stepped on a beast one night, he killed both him and his love before the storm was displaced and the power cut off. It is not long before he is resurrected with a professor at the dominant university who carries out some thoughtless experiments with mind control. He is taken to the underground basement of the castle, where their subjects live like chained animals. <br /> <br /> First of all - Jacinto Molina, Paul Naschy, whatever you want to call him, he's a fine actor and has taken care of his work passionately. No matter how bad these films are, you can always get a decent result. The rest of the majority seems pretty good, but it is hard to tell when all their lines are overlapped with half-votes. And that was really the main problem for me ... many of the voice artists who used them were just terrible, terrible, terrible. Every time I smiled at the movie, it was that they gave their lines (they always look like a hero like "Waldeman"). But, unfortunately, it is almost impossible to find subtitles with Naschy films, although they are sometimes available in the original language without subtitles. <br /> <br /> The leadership of Jose Maria Zabalza seems to be a kind of hit. some scenes have some great visual ideas, while others are poorly designed and poorly edited, especially in the last scene when it actually counts. The reason for this was that Zabalza was probably drunken most of the time. He promised to re-write the Molina dialogue with his fourteen-year-old brother, to use the extras without his permission, and to combine several pictures of Molina's earlier films. All of this has pretty much ruined when this movie was one of Molina's best works, and it's not surprising that the two didn't work together again. <br /> <br /> But that's not all bad news, because here's some good ideas. Certain aspects offer an interesting psychological drama with a werewolf as a metaphor of jealousy and rage. In the later work of Molete, the "werewolf as yeti" returned. In the basement, some pretty terrible and surreal things are going on, and there is also a very memorable sequence about half way through the movie where Daninsky travels through the village, kills or blames innocent people when he goes. intense but it rises directly from Molina's first movie "La Marca del Hombre-lobo" with some other shot. I found the movie a whole lot of fun, although there are some problems with the Front Row Entertainment version, like the pretty obvious cuts (although some of them may be due to the lack of director consistency). Gods know what gaps there are - I will probably try to get my hands on the uncut version at some stage in the future. <br /> <br /> This is a common decent vintage Naschy piece that experienced fans can enjoy, but it could have been a lot better and would probably not be a great introduction.
