I had no idea that the Notorious B.I.G. (Bert I. Gordon, director, not murdered rapper) was still active in the 1980s! I always assumed that the tasty intuitive "Antssi of the Ants" was his last masterpiece in the Horror genre, but that was before my dirty little hands stumbled upon the old and dusty VHS copy "The Coming," a completely hidden and unheard of so-called movie, which was more or less a pleasant surprise! Soon the atmosphere of the early dark days will soon begin with a silly turn when a 1692 villager inexplicably transfers to the present Salum, Massachusetts, and immediately attacks girls' history in the Historical Museum. You see, this particular girl is the reincarnation of Ann Putman, who in 1692 was a bona fide girl and wrongly accused over twenty people of practicing witchcraft, which led to their execution in the country. The man who attacked Loreen lost his wife and daughter and wants his delayed revenge. But poor and three centuries-old Loreen is just an innocent schoolgirl, ?? or is he? The "burned bet" opens up as a mixture of "Exorcist" and "Witchfinder General" with "bit time" thrown for good action. Make, Bert! The plot becomes quieter and more meaningless with every new twist, but at least it does not go beyond full boredom, as is often the case with other contemporary witchcraft such as "The Dunwich Horror" and "Devonsville Terror". The film jumps between today's events and the 1692 setbacks; which keeps it at a fairly amusing and fast pace. Ann Putman's girl is quite an exciting character that resembles Abigail Williams's character in the more famous performance "The Crucible" (also featured in Winona Ryder's 1996 film). There are a couple of cool sequences of deaths, such as a cemetery teacher or a library journalist who has committed a ghost of a malignant admirer who made the Covenant Ann Putman and perhaps even the devil himself. The film will be quite spastic and completely absurd until the end, but generally there is some good cheese. Plus, the least you can say about Bert I. Gordon is that he has certainly built up some of the directors' competences over the years.
