Wes Craven, you laugh ... at our expense. The red-eye plot is redundant ... We are facing a guy who has probably spent 8 weeks looking at a girl who then rises to the airport behind her, flirting and chatting successfully. two seat surfaces that are not stuck in the middle of the five rows of seats (check-in contacts?) and are beautifully painful when there is pain. Then, once in the air, in a closed room, surrounded by strangers, he immediately starts to threaten the excitement when it is super efficient, Rachel McAdams, and, as we got the father, do what I say, or poppa. "Well, forgive me but they didn't already have a father ready to kill - so-so-better-oughta long before he stepped on the plane and so he wouldn't have been so it would be much easier to just grab the gallery on the street and terrorize him somewhere in the room, forgetting the plot of a complicated and insecure father, pulling out his nails or whatever he called all the important "calls" required, or even if this is a movie and we need some unrealistic turns - keep the stupid father-in-distress intact if you need to, but dress it better to keep him from being harmed until a complex plot was made in some sense without planes? Alternatively, without wanting to sound like a real thinking terrorist / assassin - couldn't get many used massive bazooka missile words much easier to use in a car that travels along the road, with a politician, not the 50th story of Miami's seaside hotel, fishing boat (remember, as we already know, Miami is cool so they hurry) ? I know I know a lot more fun looking through a week-long girl to let her dads steal her wallet (that somehow - star trek style - sent right from Miami to Texas) to - maybe - get her to make a politician to change a hotel room and and and ... Well, thousands of things can go wrong here, which everyone will destroy in large scale, so why not limit the elements to a reasonable handful of as - bazooka. 2nd car. 3rd Boom! Spending my 50-minute drive home was highlighted by flaws and foolish cod-hitchcock twists, which unfortunately was the best fun of all the excuse. And as for security at Miami Airport ... we probably have a crazy and violent girl who runs off the plane, going to the police, sitting in the chase while enjoying coffee, moving around to read magazines at the bar, running up like crazy up all over again down ... now crazy about Cillian Murphy (without CCTV? - I had weapons pulled out to park in the wrong place for 10 seconds at Miami airport a few years ago). So, instead of talking to the police - his allies - or getting the blower directly to his father to warn him in his life, McAdams prefers to steal the Human Carrier from his family at the airport. call the devil's security ...) and drive home to the father who mows the assassin with the house in the front garden of the house, in the rich neighborhood of the neighborhood, breaking the front porch of the process - an act that wakes up a little in the afternoon in about a minute, but in no way can it register neighbors who are not even lightly curious, thus providing another 15 minutes of hiding and searching when the duet rides around a large Hollodec-type house. .. Dohhh, it's actually painful to continue thinking about everything - Cillian (definitely around Silly and doing that?) Turns endlessly to the end of a comic endless (and unsuccessful) deadly killer, this theoretically merciless sender of human life n ow allows the father to live so that he could watch his daughter boil his goose. I should better stop, because the driveway to write here must sound as uncoordinated as the red eye script. Had Mrs McAdams not been allowed first to get on the plane, the title could have been changed from "Red Eye" to "No Eye, Dear". RR
