There are moments in this unique clean beauty comic, but in general it is not very good. Limited animation, as well as standard character and background image, limit this mass market complaint. The design of the characters looks like a cross between the original Star Wars Clone Wars and Disney Kim Possible (Brendan, its main character also prevents the amazing similarity with Kim Stoppable in Kim Possible) Wallpaper goes as far as expansion and elegance, but today's standards are it is still bad and cheap. Many backgrounds resemble the mid-1980s Eastern-European or Nordic animation, in their own way, but for today's child's audience, who are used to prize and talk to a dog whose fur is swimming in the body, it is definitely disappointing. The story is also not surprising, and many vocal artists are not too impressive, noticeably the most brilliant Brendan Gleeson, who seems to be calling. There are also some secondary signs that come into contact with both clichés and stereotypes. However, some characters are good, the Viking villains, though underestimated, are well done and have both appearance and sound. There is a moment when wolves rescue Viking's attack, which is very well put together. The look and feel also seemed very inspired by the Watership Down film, which contained dirty hanging / respect for the Intuitive Rabbit. The expression is also clearly and clearly inspired by Gaelic / Celtic / Anglo-Saxon art, so if you are involved in these topics, you may be able to look at it. The film also has very well-structured shots that take a very artistic look, including a pretty fit cut and a wide-ranging Viking attack that is very moody and impressive. But music is the best, much of the background music is melodic and moving, namely the song of a spiritual girl that is truly beautiful and haunted and works with very well covered pictures. If the whole film was as poetic as it is now (and it is trying), it would be a very beautiful and poetic film that, unfortunately, still doesn't reach a wide audience, but it's not a shame that it won't reach a wider audience because most are average and from cheap views and does not stand up to modern animation standards. In general, a movie that shared my opinion in many ways, but all together is not great, but worthy of music and song, and from time to time pretty beautiful or frightening moment. Oh yes and the cat seemed alive for a long time, not sure how it was possible.
