Chris Rock deserves better when he gives himself to the "Ground". As the brothers Chris & Paul Weitz in the "American Pie" celebrated, this is a fantastic transformation of the unprecedented transformation of Warren Beatty in 1978 "Heaven May Expect". Rock your Emmy with your first HBO special. Predictably, he swears out of A to Z, but he deliberately avoids the F-word. Anyone who saw this talented African-American comic book "Lethal Weapon 4", "Dogma" or "Nurse Betty" knows that he can laugh more with F as Martin Lawrence and Eddie Murphy. Unfortunately, despite some spirits of one-liners, Down To Earth hits the bottom of Rock as a well-established comedy as well as an improbable racial romance. <br /> <br /> "Ground" completely destroys all the good will that Weitz Brothers generated with their "American Pie" landmark. This disposable drum is a skilled as well as confusing comedy with a thoroughly unlikely color-blind interracial romance. Unfortunately, there are more than competent among them "The Full Monty's" Mark Addy, Chazz Palminter "Analyze It", "SCTV" Eugene Levy and Newcomer Brian Rhodes as Charles Wellington, Jr.? substrates, sketches. Hardcore Rock fans undoubtedly doubt their favorite comics, trying to fix something that was never broken. Absmally written by Lance Crouther, Ali Le Roi, Louis CK and Rock, "Down To Earth" complains Chris as a messenger who rides a bike day in Big Apple and gets booed off the stage at night in Harlem's marked Apollo Theater. Poor Lance Barton (Chris Rock) suffers from strong fear. Nevertheless, his charity Whitney Daniels (Frankie Faison, "Hannibal") remains thick and thin with him. After Lance learns, Apollo Theater organizes one final amateur night, praying to Whitney to line him up. Excuse me, but if Lance is such a shock-proof comic, why does Apollo still call her? Meanwhile, Lance has something else to do with it. When riding a bicycle home, our main character on the street crosses a pretty lady, Sontee ("King of Jerry Maguire"), but she doesn't see the bus that comes in contact with her and kills her. Wham! Lance Barton slides towards the sky and halo with his head. In heaven, resembling a cruise ship's nightclub, Lance learns that the overflowing angel, Mr. Keyes (Eugene Levy, "Stay Tuned"), was dying 40 years before the schedule. <br /> <br /> Heavenly honcho Mr King (Chazz Palminter, "Analyze This"), God's right man, apologizes and sends Lance to earth. Lance can't reclaim her body so she has to live in another body. The best that Mr Keyes can come up with is the ruthless, white, 60-year-old Tycoon Charles Wellington. Wellington's adorable wife Amber (Jennifer Coolidge of "American Pie") and her reckless personal assistant Winston (Greg Germann "Sweet November") have just tried to poison her. On the contrary, before the Wellington body disappears, Lance conducts it conditionally as a lender until Keyes can find a more suitable body. At the same time, Lance-as-Wellington meets Sonot again. She is a nurse activist protesting her decision to privatize the poor Brooklyn community hospital. Although Regina King is practicing charisma as a health care practitioner, she plays a character that goes beyond the credibility of Wellington. Although Lance is no longer black, Lance is not only trying to get Sonot but also to win at Apollo. <br /> <br /> "Down To Earth" offers Rock's most uncomfortable role. The comic's reason for making this film seems questionable. He announced that he was eating lunch with Warren Beatty and told Beatt that he loved the original script that Elaine May, the scriptwriter, had worn for Beatty. Initially, Beatty tried her own version of the kickback trick, trying to lie to Muhammad Ali as a Heaven Can Wait title. The deal fell and Beatty directed the film himself. Rock says his long-term co-authors and he thought they could destroy this classic. What's more, he explained his choice of "Heaven Can Be Waited", based on his philosophy of "Do something you can only do when you're hot." Earlier, Rock rejected the script for a tourist robbers bus ride because he saw little chance of stretching his picture on such a trip. Like the inanimate comedian "Down from Earth", Rock didn't have as much of his image as he turned it to the worst! This half-burned concert film with a tedious plot puts its comic reputation as far as Weitz Brothers! You know that a comedian is a movie where a nightclub scene is played so you can't hear jokes but laugh. Also, Mark Addy, a Wellington grinder who speaks Queen of English, but actually actually casting Michigan, is also logical. Addy is an Englishman and doesn't have to accept; his accent is genuine. The main overriding problem with "Down to Earth" is the re-off-off-look-a-like switcheroo that characters do so that Chris Rock does not disappear from sight for more than a few seconds. While Chris spends half of the film as a white guy in Wellington, the audience can see him very much under Lance, which is below the comic irony of his rough, bald, caucasian white, alter-ego, which fills the ghetto's humor and sings the frightening hip-hop lyrics. Incredibly, Rock made a double duty among the leading producers of the film and one of the four writers. The mystery is how such a rich talent could overcome this inconvenient, erroneous confusion of comedy. The only redeeming feature "Down to Earth" is the result of Jamshied Sharif's excellent orchestral film.
