I think "The Times of Times" was the reason for the disappearance. The initial assumption (a man falls against a winning high school striker against a race team, never seems to be over and then tries to reunite two teams to play again) is one of the most famous to me. Since Ron Shelton wrote much better sports movies, I don't know if there were more. I hope this film didn't turn green when Shelton exceeded the story as I wrote above. <br /> <br /> So we have a prerequisite. Going from there to think or hope that things can change in order to bring things to life. There is no such happiness. This script follows all the predictable clichés you can think of. There's no moment in this movie if you don't see the coming miles before the movie is opened and finished. You have not paid attention to your life and have not seen any other sports movie. <br /> <br /> Robin Williams and Kurt Russell star (and heels) pointing. Williams is a poor score who fell into a big passport and Russell is a soldier who threw an innocent passport. Gee, do you think Russell is once again able to see if he and Williams can do the wrong thing the city has never forgotten? It is such a flat duck comedy where there is a lame duck script that a person can only shake their heads, thinking what might have been. Of course, there are a couple of smiles and frankly there is one really funny scene. Williams and Russell have marital problems and women invite them to dinner for dinner. Neither man understands that they are invited on Monday and yes, Monday's football is on. Bearing in mind that both teams have combined one win, men (especially Williams) will try to find out how the game is going. The scene dissolves into some fun bits when Williams goes to check the score using the bathroom as a visit. When he returns, he coughs at Russell. Later, when Russell starts watching his wife's Williams move through the second room to the TV. <br /> <br /> This is an inspired and funny scene mostly in uninspired and stupid movies.
