Blank control is one of those children's films that could have been a great temporary thriller for kids, but instead it's tired of flat home alone. Quigley is a criminal who escaped from prison and gets his hidden million dollars from a big point, and then we meet a Preston disappointed boy whose space is taken over by his brothers to start a business and obviously treats his brother better because they earn money the same day for a child's birthday, and because his father is cheap, he goes to toddlers, while other children ride with roller bearings, he gets a birthday card and a $ 11 check how cheap is this family? So he goes to the bank to open an account and meet with proud Shea Stanley, who were his older forest fans? he discovers that he needs 200 accounts to open an account, while quigley gives his million people his money and finds that the bills are labeled to send the juice with a poor name to get unmarked when Preston leaves his bike. when you write a check when he returns to the police and bolts home, his parents robbed him of his broken bike and grounded what? their child almost went over and they worried about cycling? So Preston makes millions of dollars through his computer and comes back just to accompany him with an escort, I thought he could hold him money, but the real juice came and realized that the boy is this deception! So Preston buys the manor under the name of Macintosh, a limousine manager who says he's funny joking and going into an epic trading environment, and then he talks about Sheast and tells his account about opening a child and talking about opening an account? Soon we realized that Shea is actually an FBI agent who follows quigley and his two companions, then he told his cheap father that he had a job working for Mr. Macintosh and spending the day playing cartoon playng vr games with his limousine friend. she goes out with Shea in a fancy restaurant that is ten years old and eats 20 FBI agents? Later he takes him to the street geyser and plays in the water that shakes the Shea $ 300 dress, but he does it well if it was a bit realistic, he would beat him to mix expensive dresses so they would be nice and other crazy little boy and soon flowing beans and Preston pursues the quigley's original script and scenario, which is instead Macintosh's birthday, which is really his birthday when he discovers he can't pay for a party he's sitting in a chair and his father is talking to MacIntosh, which he doesn't know that he is his son with whom he speaks and says that Preston should be a real boy and he has all his childhood before him and wants Preston to go home early? an hour ago you grilled her about her finances! jw.org en Preston asks everyone to leave and sit alone in contemplation as quigley and others in the house to make a Preston reward, and so he foresees that at the finish that hangs home alone, the generation will be turned when Preston goes to the potato juice to hit the groin More antics follow up until the trio gets to the Preston angle and if all hope is lost Shea and a bunch of SWAT boys come to save the day, so the horn and his team are sent to prison, but there is hope for Preston and Sheale? is there and he can hold him on the lips? what? what? An adult woman kissed a lips boy. Is he mentally disabled? I mean, an FBI agent who knows the laws of a country would threaten to kiss her career for a child? he got arrested on the spot! and the toughest part of it is what does not say goodbye and he sees him in 6 or 7 years! Oh dear and so he comes home to his family celebrating his birthday, so the story of morality is love and respect can buy? What do they smoke? Talking about being a waste of time, morality is devastated because a tortilla boy is a tedious villain in a flat comic relief is not funny brothers are unlikely father is even worse low and the only sustainable grace is the cinematography of cinematography, which shot the matrix and two spider films that shot people don't waste their money and go home alone. <br /> <br /> It's been Samuel Franco's review.
