There have been many movies with Bigfoot, most of which are not good, but most of them are funny to them. The Sasquatch hunters don't even intend to do that. Sasquatch hunters talk about a group of paleontologists, primatologists, and forest regtors who take the intermediate part of the Pacific Northwest forest. There are some abnormally large primate bones in this area, and since the monkeys are not natural to North America, it leads to a scientific expedition. Of course, they will soon discover all of their burial ground filled with the skeletal remains of these enormous monkey-like creatures. I think we all know what happens to people who are disturbing the old burial grounds in the movies. <br /> <br /> The first part of the movie consists of interesting, interchangeable characters that unite their moves, hike through the woods, stop for a while while walking through the woods, staying long enough to explore and discuss some results, but even more to hike Through the forest, searching for a group of members who have disappeared, even more through the forests, dug through the dirt, randomly theoretical and campfire collection to discuss what little they have done this day. When Sasquatch finally comes out, it just becomes people who stumble in the dark while they are picking one another (blinking and falling between that fashion and the actual killing in the camera). All this is very boring. <br /> <br /> The film wants to be serious and the director clearly tries to build a relationship, but there is nothing to find, so we stay forever, pulling out scenes of people who go around in the woods to somewhere and somewhere go round the night, trying to scare. I'd lie if I told you I didn't make a quick back and forth button to speed up these scenes. <br /> <br /> Like Sasquatch himself, it's like the character of every other movie. There is not much to do and no personality. It looks like a more subtle version of King Kong, which is not all that bad, except in scenes where they used CGI instead of the Bigfoot costume, which is painfully evident during daylight cholera sessions. Some of me cannot help but I think that even using computer effects to bring Bigfoot into life is surprising. If there is one movie monster that I believe should only revive the situation, it's Bigfoot. <br /> <br /> This is one of those films that don't have as much plot as it is. That's all it really is, the premise that the people involved pulled out to make a feature-length movie without bothering to add all the ingredients to make a worthy movie.
