Believe me, I wanted like "Spirit." The idiotic comments that people made at the time of publishing about how nice it was to see old-fashioned, hand-drawn animations again, as if the latter had appeared as a cartoon animated twenty years ago, and even more idiotic comments about how computers had made old techniques obsolete, got blood up. .. but then the offensive, tasteless banal I had to endure in the first ten minutes of "Spirit" got my blood even more. <br /> The characters in the characters are generic, animation (partly as a result) only competent, artistic direction as a whole, so dull, so you don't know how it could have come (we know "Prince of the Egypt" and the journey of El- Dorados "that there are talented artists in Dreamworks) and the complicated use of CGI in each individual case is badly appreciated. (Why do they work hard?) There is no thing worthy of SECRET. Animated comic is deadly. <br /> <br /> But it gets worse ... <br /> <br /> Horses can't talk, but they're much more anthropomorphized and convincing than deer "Bambis", which can, and it seems that in some ways horses can talk. sounds like a 21st-century actor selected from a California shopping center) and since then, his retrospective, indefinitely writer narration is hardly sound, but it never tells us something we didn't know yet, or v Wink sense of what a work of art, except for the poor, failed twice to express. This prologue, by the way: (a) contains information that the Spirit, which we later discovered, knew the way of knowing; (b) expresses ideas that the Spirit could not express even when he could speak; (c) contains new age garbage as "This story may not be true, but what I remember"; and (d) give countless children (the output is inclined, I assume that at the age of 6) the horses are native to North America, which is true that the common ancestor, zebras, etc. of domestic horses was local in North America all the horse species on the continent had disappeared long before the arrival of the first people, and the herds of the Spirit's herd (which allegedly belong here as a buffalo grass) originated from horses brought by Europeans. <br /> <br /> As often as the spirit speaks, Bryan Adams, as usual, sings a bad throat infection - and that's not what he sings or even if he sings, that's what he's singing: maudlin narrative ballads, which, if possible, bring less benefit than the narrative spoken by the Spirit and sound like they all have exactly the same tuning (though I paid great attention and were able to find that they were probably not). If only Bryan Adams and a man who could have been a pretender-to-be-a-horse in SHUT UP or a minute could be allowed to have their actual form: mediocre and derived, not jaw-droppingly bad.
