For anyone who loves predictable movies with horrible soundtracks, lack of dialogue, wazoo building, and also stereotypes that just happen to American film, look beyond. DreamWorks wanted to save money for talent acquisition or really wanted to create an animated episode of National Geographic; in both cases, they managed to present a rather boring and boring film. Spirit: The Cimarron slave is a birthday party that sends mixed signals to children and adults, and does not lose entertainment despite the animal's safe topic that triumphs people. After the wonderful animations have passed, what you have left is not a big mess. The Spirit is about a crow that looks quite tricky from the beginning of the movie, because it is a horse that cannot change, calm or control it. That is why the leader of a group of high spiritual horses, including his mother, rises and becomes. But the life and the cycle of his freedom stops abruptly when the American group tries to connect him to the West and the rest of the country. During this time, the Spirit (never in fact, almost all in the film) communicates with the brave Native American and the female horse and also has many cynical and courageous army people who probably do not believe in giving up. <br /> <br /> Why do movies have to interfere with traditional computer animation? Rather, it appears on the eye, something that has fascinated you. The best example is when a train runs for the Spirit; you see a hand drawn Spirit that runs from a computer-played train. It would be much better if it were one or the other, but not both; if you really don't take some effects off. Beauty and Beast's famous dance series uses computer animations, but it's not nearly as obvious as this movie or snow. The opening sequence was the most beautiful part of the film, which was sad to see the quality of the rest of the film downhill. The small scene is multiple; I mean a number of similar frames that are just a general face, quite repetitive and annoying in my opinion. <br /> <br /> Children can enjoy this flick, but due to lack of dialogue, singing and motivation, this may be the perfect technique for making hyperleaves. Although Disney is criticized for his animated musicals, they end up being much more entertaining than a more realistic approach to telling such a story. Bryan Adams has no place in this film and why does Hans Zimmer not allow Western film in this film if it is a story that takes place in the old west? Soundtrack sounds a little bit when you ask me. At least they use realistic sounds of horses, two points. But if you are not going to talk about horses, why should you even interrupt the narrator every time often that happens when you are the main character? <br /> <br /> Native Americans are nice and western people are evil, native-killing, horse torture, dirty, psychopathic monster that must be destroyed. It is more or less what the Spirit shows us. It reaches the point where they catch the viewers so much that they hate Wild West passengers; they even had a multi-horse scene that pulled a large train to the hill and another one who destroyed the entire Native village. Now it happened that the Spirit is friendly, that he betrayed him more than once, but it is forgiving, probably because he is not a soldier; it or because he has a sassy female horse. <br /> <br /> Spirit is not the victim we should repent; the viewer should understand the Spirit, notwithstanding the fact that he put his entire group of horses at risk, causing devastation and even possibly causing some deaths on the screen, which is quickly abandoned because oh, the spirit is in trouble! This film becomes quite rhythmic, as we see in many cases, when the soul flees from the chains, strikes people, destroys property, releasing horses and getting busy again - all in the same order. The writers also seem to have an obsession with rocks because they are sprinkled over the film; For the old western film, they have very little room for migration. <br /> <br /> Bottom Line: This is definitely not a Disney movie that really is a bad thing, even though it was what they tried. So, instead of the typical music, we get a boring film that in many cases becomes predictable, boring and slow. Even a good animation becomes inconsistent when it comes to running the computer. All this movie was wrong; the ideals that were then Americans who were not local were evil buffaloes, a soundtrack and a musical score that seemed so far away. Kill Bill Vol. 2, which has quite a lot to do with the Old West, is more western than this film. Do it yourself and skip it with all sorts of means. Thank you.
