It would be nice to see Oliver Stone, Brian DePalma, Al Pacino alike and even Michelle Pfiefer makes one monumental cinema. It's nice to see that people are so rich and "successful" that they are wasting their time making one of the most forgotten, tricky and pathetic films of all time. This film is the worst of Hollywood. <br /> <br /> What is it? Is it based on a real story. Well, they start with some of the basic news bites and facts they read from the US today. But then the film leaves a fantasy world and a "Cuban" refugee who plans to do this in American subculture; such as Rocky cocaine. Is this a movie about Cuba or Cubans? For my life, I don't think there is one Cuban in this movie. The accent is completely fake and Antonio's face looks like a poster to the American values ​​of downtown. The whole scene looks like something from Dick Van Dyke's show. Is this movie about Miami? It seems like L.A., which has been taken over in Florida. After the palm is a palm tree. Is it a novel novel. The relationship between Pacino and Pfeiffer is so obvious, and there is no way that these two characters can take care of each other. Is it a drug film? Well, not even obsession or addiction is mentioned. The behavior of the participants after the coke line is nothing but water. Indeed, acting is terrible. <br /> <br /> Let's go over. Music is disgusting and sounds like latin lift music or something out of Lawrence Welk show. I think I heard a polka? The camera's work is dirty with too much movement and much more with cranes than ever before. It is clear that the budget for photography was too large. The sound is bleached in many places and the dialog appears to be in stock. Writing is terrible. This is one of the films the script itself wrote. You are pulled from one tricky dialogue to the next, each pushing the plot like a bag bag. <br /> <br /> So I'm asking if it's a movie? It can be a drama series of two and a half hours. But at least the drama series has some focus. Maybe it's just a lot of badly done scenes that have been put together. Whatever it is, a movie or not, it's a piece.
