It includes spoilers. <br /> <br /> I've rarely seen a movie that's as incredible as it is. And, in French, is he trying to get deep, being mysterious? nothing really makes sense. <br /> <br /> Léo is gay and has just told his family that he is HIV positive. The youngest brother, Marcel, has not yet arrived for breakfast, and the first thing the family is doing is to decide that at the age of 12 he is too young to say so. Maybe if he was four or five, but twelve? The first absolutely unbelievable thing is that the family doesn't even ask where or how he got the virus, how long did he know about it? nothing is asked. They only worry about Marcel. It is very close to the provincial family, but although they decide not to let Marcel know about Léo's HIV-positive status or that he is gay, the rest of the family will accept all the news with absolutely questions or reactions. How many families know where parents / brothers do not have at least one reaction to one of the members who said he was gay? There's nothing here. <br /> <br /> Léo decides she must go to Paris to see her former lover. And he decides to travel with all the people, Marcel. Do you know anyone who would bring your brother to see a lover? Again, absolutely unbelievable, especially since Marcel doesn't need to know or his homosexuality. If that is the case, then the family has decided to find out for him, it's pretty brutal and again unbelievable. <br /> <br /> Léo goes to her lover, Aymerium, in her work at the Paris Bar. The owner says that Aymeric won't be there before night. But why would Léo see her at work? Why not call and arrange to see him in some places more privately, where can they really talk? Why not go and see her at home? But no, Léo will appear later that day (with Marcel) and will be surprised if Aymeric doesn't let him walk for 5 minutes. Aymeric tells him that he is no longer available, that Léo left him and that Léo did not reply to any of his letters. Léo says, "But I love you" and then misleads you. But if he really loved Aymeric, wouldn't he have told him at least about his HIV status to warn him to test and get medication? That would be the least she could do? but not peep. He leaves and does not even warn Aymeric that he could have agreed with the AIDS virus. Is it completely irresponsible for him? and filmmakers; this film was apparently for TV shows for young people? this is a great way to show responsibility to children. Well, not here ?? I think "Anyone for yourself" is still the French way to do things? Another aspect of the film that was absolutely incredible was the "touchy" aspect. Everyone always leans against someone by persuading someone or kissing someone. In the family and outside the family. I have never seen anyone in France to be physical, never to the whole family. At the breakfast table, a 17-year-old brother sits in his parent's brother's lap, and the older brother blesses his leg when everyone is sitting around to discuss something. How many brothers do you know who are physically close? In the second scene, the same 17-year-old Marcel's room asks, "What's the matter, can you not sleep?" This and another similar scene between Léo and Marcel gave the film a somewhat incidental feeling. Unfortunately, I still don't think it's a regular behavior between teen brothers. The only good thing you can say about the film is that the actors are all pretty good? especially Marcel's main role. But wasn't it really enough ?? HIV and AIDS are too serious to be presented in such a vague and irresponsible light. At the end of the film, the family has gone to the cemetery to bury Léo, but again has Marcel been excluded? he's left in the care of a cousin (I think). Nevertheless, he slips and looks at the funeral far away. What would such a close family do? It is inconceivable that they would not have involved him in his brother's funeral. It was the last scene of the movie and it was the last shoulder of this viewer.
