Recent U.S. The boom in television screen introductions has reached a fever pitch from the first episode of The Bachelor. Since then, countless clones and variations have been subordinated to incredible audiences, including "The Bachelorette", "Joe Millionaire", "For Love or Money" and executed "Married America". Hoping to get into this trend and at the same time touch and use the new demography, Bravo has unleashed the catastrophic "Boy Meets Boy" world. And they can hurt us all. <br /> <br /> The assumption is simple and it is meant for a light heart: an eligible gay man is encouraged by several judges, eliminating the show until one is left, but there is a twist. Half of the men are actually straight. This is not a big deal, but the natural annoyance of the scenario starts after hearing the reward: if a gay man at the end of the show chooses a straight line, the straight man wins the cash prize. Gay man does not get anything or at least anything other than separable gifts, back and cheerful round "Are you not embarrassed? Well, thank you for playing!" <br /> <br /> Just like the same "Queer Eye For The Straight Guy" (the second Bravo program), this is another example of the stereotypes that amok. Worse still, straight men play these stereotypes for money. The producers of this exhibition believe that all you have to do is to have enough hair in your hair, dress up with Abercrombie & Fitch's pair of designer sandals, hit him with all the body hair and fat and voila! It is a gay guy who is equivalent to placing a white speaker on a black surface and as attacking as us - like myself - who is really gay and may not be dressing / acting like that. This means that the gays have no differences or the possibility of individuality that they cannot behave like real people, but like stereotypes. Do not forget that the bank of the defendants is very diverse. Everything is toned in the gym, most of them are white and all look too sprawling and clean. <br /> <br /> This is another example of how Hollywood's acceptance as dynamic individuals, able to vary and change, has once again taken a stereotype and worked with it to the bank. I really look at this example when I look at the mess, to show any gay man who sees this inevitable parade of soft core pornography, which is legal television. 1 out of 10.
