I looked at the full house when I was younger and I don't understand why I did. I really can't remember this performance. I think I and most Americans who watch it, hypnotized that badness. It puts you in a trance state and won't go back. I'm still scared, but I'm trying to move on. I know this is a family show, but that doesn't mean it has to be so bad. The exhibition is a cliché of the SO with every episode that ends with "talking" to the father so that everyone's problems go away. The characters in the exhibition are all reluctant. There is all the knowledge, the obsession, the cleansing of the cleaning father you want every time he appears on the screen. Then we have the supposed "rocker" uncle who is right there to watch the real moms who have to watch this mess. We have one more uncle who has completely failed to hit Bullwinkle impressions (I have to talk about him more). It is the oldest daughter who can't act and always jokes. Then the middle daughter who always says, "HOW RUDE!" pretty much anything someone says. Finally, the youngest daughter is Michelle. Don't let me start playing Michelle's but terrible actors known as Olsen Twins. If you believe in Christianity, I think you would associate him with the antichrist. She is always demanding, trying too hard to be "cute", says "DUH!" and rolling your eyes, which will make you want. I'm not a big fan of using a lot of penalties for children. But I would agree with her. He needed it every day. He is the most egoistic character ever introduced to the mainstream TV. One example of this is when his rocker uncle is busy doing his job in the attic. The mother decides to keep her upset and demand attention. She screams at her and she's upset. BEAUTIFUL BEEBI! The rest of the episode is satisfying his emotional needs and the uncle finally apologizes to him. UGGHH! The exhibition lowers your IQ with slow destruction to live. I am surprised that we do not listen to the news that the plenary is playing in the background when the police find people who have committed suicide. Do yourself a favor and don't look at the show. You thank me later.
