For most younger viewers, they probably don't have a clue as to who was Buster Keaton. So they probably don't feel as sad as I did when watching this movie. I was a quiet comedy freak - having seen almost every Keaton movie that still exists. Being a big fan of this film made it very painful from the beginning to the end. This is because Keaton was a very lively and creative comedian during his silent day. She was amazing in her physicality and her films were almost never boring. But in the move that the film's historians are still confused, at the end of the silent era, Keaton gave up his independence and became a stockpiling MGM actor. Instead of being a great creative force, MGM now saw Keaton as an actor - and wrote scripts that had no respect for what he did. Initially, these movies were not so bad with MGM (such as CAMERAMAN), but in the chat rooms the studio really did - he made several films with Jimmy Durante. Durante's humor is based on his gift and was abrasive. Keaton, on the other hand, was quiet and acted. Two more contradictory and incompatible participants would have been hard to find. As a result of this deadly combination, Keaton made some really terrible movies. <br /> <br /> Now it doesn't say SPEAK EASILY is a terrible movie. No, instead it is just more bypass and amazingly inaccurate. In fact, if you go to the film, assuming it is comedy, it's probably making the movie harder. Instead, it is like a drama with some comedy elements. This is not a film that makes the belly laugh - especially for Keaton fans. <br /> <br /> The movie starts with an odd setting. Keaton is poured into a college professor who teaches all life. He knows nothing about the world and has a nose in his book. Keaton's servant tricks strange that Keaton has received $ 750,000 from dead relatives, hoping that it will inspire Keaton to live and enjoy. It is amazingly clean, but somehow it can work. Not very terribly, but it works. <br /> <br /> Keaton will leave school immediately and go on a trip to New York. Where he is, he meets an incredibly violent theater player. Because he doesn't know anything about the world, he doesn't seem to smell. And since he thinks he's rich, Keaton decides to take them all to New York to perform on Broadway. But just before the show opens, his friends find out that Keaton is not rich. So, they decide not to tell Keaton and catch him away from the processing servers who want to close the show. They assume that when the show is hit, they will be able to pay their debts and everyone will be happy. But they forget that the show itself smells. What are they doing? And will Keaton get a nice girl, sweetheart with a digger (Thelma Todd) or a blast and alone? If you care, check out the movie. <br /> <br /> Keaton has a few tricks in the movie, although there are some plans near the end. Instead, Keaton just walks through this part very weakly. There's really little love in this movie or hate. It's just blah .... if it should be much better.
