It came out during the last fast of the Western genre; unfortunately this is a very small and totally unsatisfactory effort, even if it is done and the veterans in this area do! First of all, the plot does not offer anything far from new: James Coburn flees from a chain-down, intends to kill the man (now retired) who put him there - Charlton Heston. Although the latter traps him, Coburn crosses Heston with his daughter (Barbara Hershey) by robbery. Of course, the former lawyer, along with Hershey's green horse (Chris Mitchum), sees Coburn and his followers who have all imprisoned him. <br /> <br /> Instead of dealing with his usual plain sub-Ford style, McLaglen goes to Sam Peckinpah's approach - with which he is never completely satisfied: repellent characters, lots of violence, and sexual tension caused by Hershey's presence in Coburn's lusty bunch. . By the way, Heston and Coburn had previously appeared with Sam Peckinpah in the West - turbulent MAJOR DUNDEE (1965; I really need to retrieve this restored edition of the DVD, although I recently recorded a theatrical version of the pan-and-scan) formatted by TCM UK). Anyway, the film is too general to give the elegant mood that it clearly seeks (also suggested by the title): then again, both stars had already paid the right value for the genre of this most genre - PENNY (1968) Heston and Coburn with PAT GARRETT & BILLY KID (1973) )! At least, Heston still retains dignity here - his aging ability that tries to stay in front of half-breed Coburn, seeing what his next move is. the latter, on the other hand, deals with a rare brutal role and indeed gets to its own extreme level (giving his revenge for a moment, pushing sadistically that Heston saw the rape of his associates from Hershey). In addition to the latter, this long-standing order for Heston attempts to fool Coburn into a trick borrowed from his EU CID (1961), and then the miserable gang is trapped in a bush accused of practicing Heston and two violent deaths. "The protagonists (like his fashion, Heston's death is a victim!). <br /> <br /> Supporting casting includes Michael Parks as an ineffective sheriff, Jorge Riverot Coburn as Lieutenant Mexican and Larry Wilcox - TV series CHiPs! - as Coburn ' The youngest member of the gang, whose task is to look at Hershey (by doing his best to prevent his pristine companions). Jerry Goldsmith contributes to a tasty but at the same time invisible result.
