First of all, I have a cordial prayer for everyone who bought the movie ticket in the hope of seeing the movie in the same form as the fantastic Gregory girl and the local hero, but ended up in theatrical disappointment and vague. While it is true that queues are usually some important exceptions, there is an error and only the studio managers have the chance to make money from the previous movie by offering us either an original story or a slightly hidden playback. the line of the drawing so far from the intent of the original that the resulting film makes no sense. In the case of the two Gregorian girls, Bill Forsyth has a dubious glory to be able to commit both sins - on the one hand reviewing the plot of Gregory girls while earning a fairly incredible and moral story involving a Scottish dealer. Schoolboy Gregory is now a teacher at the same school, where at the age of sixteen he was a desperate passion for football playing Dorothy. Though Gregory is now thirty-five, he is still a hopeless passion, but now Frances, also sixteenth, is a football game, despite the fact that music teacher Bel has made it clear that he is interested. His passion for France and his desire to impress him lead him to a local dealer who is also an old school student. There is no point in moving on because the rest of the story is forgotten and the end doesn't make sense at all. The main problem is Gregory's character in the sense that there is no sign of a loving and charming sixteen-year-old Gregorian who actively and comically convinces Dorothy that he will eventually win. For thirty-five years, Gregory has been presented to us as a rather sad and friendly creature whose life is neither active nor comical. Outside the work, he takes time to watch Noam Chomsky videos and read magazines from international injustices. Since his friends and family have seemingly disappeared from the previous film, save two younger sisters, who no longer offer him any advice and no interest in his life, because we are confused about what Gregory really wants. he is and why he is as he is. Why is she friendly, for example? Why does he never see his father who is still alive? Why has she learned back to school where she ever went? Why is he so interested in Noam Chomsk and injustice? Why is he so apathetic? Why does he attract Frances? Why hasn't he attracted the movie to Belis in the last 20 minutes? What does Heaven name Bel or Frances see in him because he is not dead, proud or even interesting? Why does he continue to try to impress Frances even after he and Bel have become the object and their association threatens to break his life completely? Do we really believe that a Scottish dealer who publicly sells torture weapons to oppressive regimes would be able to evade media control but a few school students? Does Gregory really think that a handful of billing to the sea makes something? To make matters worse, actor John Gordon Sinclair tries to re-act as a youngster in Gregorian facial expressions and uncomfortable body language. Unfortunately, this thirty-five-year-old is just so strange and vague. In addition, it is difficult to feel sympathy or empathy with a teacher who has erotic dreams associated with carrying one of her single pupils sexually while both are on gym mats. Instead of having fun, just smells of pedophilia. It's hard to know what Bill Forsyth's head was when he wrote this script, or why he thought the fans of the original text would have the full lack of charm, thinking and warmth that made the first movie classic. I can only assume that the plan was to treat a film about a man who refused to grow up and devote himself to adult life, and perhaps whose most lucky memory was in the sixteenth, and who were looking for the best look in school, but forced to accept that life lived in the past is not life at all . This could have been the basis for a thematically interesting and intelligent film. Because Gregory's two girls will add 116 wasted and meaningless minutes, saying something and celebrating even less. Gregory Girl was responsible for launching Bill Forsyth's career, hoping Gregory's Two Girls would not be responsible for this drowning.
