Jochen Hick wrote and directed this short film thriller, based on the concept that the AIDS virus was a mutated sheep virus by the government to get rid of the ghetto world and was apparently tested in convicted years before the ugly disease. If this were not a poignant in the concept of film, it would fall into the category of many films about the destruction of the world by the rampant infectious organism. <br /> <br /> Stefan (Tom Wlaschiha) traveled to Berlin, San Francisco, to investigate his father's scientific assumptions about the disease caused by the sheep virus and the impact of those convicted. He meets with some disappointment and resistance to dead theory, but also meets some people who know the theory and support his research. Simultaneously with his visit, a series of murders occur, each victim was killed in a similar manner, and every murder seems to be accompanied by the music stories of Puccini's opera "Turandot" that open up in the San Francisco Opera. The police investigator Louise Tolliver and his companion (Kalene Parker) are following the murders, while Stefan is doing a San Francisco sex clubs and bars to find men who may be guinea pigs for their father's theory. He meets a strange boy, Jeffrey (Jim Thalman), with whom he has a cat and mouse attraction and a prominent Doctor Burroughs (Richard Conti) who seems to be strange involved in casting a suspect. How it all ends up is a movie game, a story so much to look for Stefan and Jeffery's own identity, as this is a case of murder investigation. <br /> <br /> Tom Wlaschiha, Jim Thalman and Richard Conti are doing their best (they are the only three who have previous experience in the movie!), the quality of the film drops significantly less than acceptable by minimally talented Irit Levy and Kaylene Parker : On-screen story reliability drops below zero. Other actors have some small lights that light up the screen for the moments they live in, but in all the movies, the constant repetition of "Nessun dorma" by Mario del Monaco sings from opera - and what seems to be the reason for making the film! A good idea about the film and the good testimonies of the parties, but there is no resolution on the original assumption that started the whole thing. Grady Harp, February 6
