"Astronate returns to Earth as a mutating monster" died in the 1950s mainly due to the scientific fact that driving outside the Earth's orbit does not cause people to turn on mutated monsters, and that the first film is used by the plot QUATERMASS EXPERIMENT was the only decent sci-fi movie that used this idea . Thus, it seems that the income of the redundant parcels seems to have been doomed from the outset. Waiting for an incredible unbelievable man who seems to have the least problems with the plot. <br /> <br /> First of all, it's a very badly made movie. The budget is in individual figures and I speak of lira, not of dollars. There is no cinematography to talk about and there are countless editing errors. For example, a photographer takes his (barely legal) model to take a picture. Cut a shot where the sun is just behind the model, cut off the photographer when the sun is just behind him, then cut back on the model where the sun is ... <br /> <br /> The budget also drags the film in other aspects. According to the Trivia page, the budget was so low that the producers did not get any stock from Saturn, so when Steve West mentions how beautiful Saturn looks, we get a sunset. In fact, the sun is putting the film on the most impressive results because the human character is not used by a porn studio. If I appeared here, the name monster wouldn't frighten me - I would scare another piece of cast. Maybe we should be a little sorry, because because of the obvious budget deficit in things like actors who have to wear their clothes. In general, for example, a nice fancy dress with a medal is not worn - it carries a denim jacket and a baseball cap. <br /> <br /> For such a movie, there must be an unbelievable stop, but it will fail at every level. The tone is early in the film, where Mr. Melty murders his sister and flees from the hospital. Instead of getting the police talking, saying that there was a murder, Dr. Nelson just decides on his patient the same way he was looking for a lost cat. It is also strange that a thoroughly disintegrating slaughter in a monster can walk along the road without anyone noticing it, but it is typical for a film where horny 70-year-olds stop their car from blind roads so that people are pregnant who forget to tell the police to tell the police is a monster. <br /> <br /> POSSIBLE CONFIRMING MARERY is a class Z garbage. I can definitely understand why people enjoy this movie because it reaches the "It's so bad it's good", but besides Rick Baker's sometimes impressive makeup, there's nothing more than a very innocent pleasure
