Emma is my favorite Jane Austen novel - Emma has a good meaning despite her mistakes, so readers can forgive and love her and her relationship with Mr Knightley, who is warm, familiar, respectful, but playful, generating its warm, fuzzy, romantic thrill. Mr. Knightley is the perfect person, and Emma is so close to getting an independent, wise and confident woman at these times - I remember she was only 21 years old and was sure she had matured and grown out of her mistakes. Who doesn't want to be Emma? Who doesn't want Mr. Knightley to say? This version of Emma doesn't give you any idea of ​​the things I love about Emma. I couldn't even look at it, I found it so terrible. I didn't see Emma's warm and generous side, which drives the reader to love her: the patience and warmth she shows her father; the closeness between her and Mrs Weston, showing her willingness to put her friend's happiness on her own (as she sacrifices Miss Taylors as the only equal companion in her household to send the marriage). Mr Woodhouse's character in this customization just seems strange, not just odd, elderly and a little trying. <br /> <br /> This customization is the most important thing that does not realize the relationship between Knightley and Emma. Their relationships are based on mutual respect and affection: Mr. Knightley wants Emma's small mistakes that believe that his intelligence and true care for others will never allow him to be terribly misled; and Emma is waiting for her, though she plays it in a reflective way and still uses her decision. The costume she gives at the beginning of the exhibition praises the argument between them and destroys all the possibilities to portray the nature of the relationship as I have described above. Mr. Knightley is also inadequately attractive to carry out sexual tension between leaders (or to inspire female viewers). <br /> <br /> Really terrible. I do not understand why someone who really likes the Emma novel may like it, unless she wonderfully redeems her after I turned it off.
