Except for about 10 mins of minutes when HB Warner was on a heavenly train, it was 94 minutes of jaw-fall! Action was terrible, but the story is what I really found terrible. It was woody and stylish, even with the standards of early talks (with the exception of Lee Tracy and HB Warner, neither of them can do wrong). Rose Hobart was absolutely terrible and lifeless like Julie (as he was in 1932, Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde, otherwise a great flick). And the rest was worse, there was no word to describe their horror. Worse than an actor, it was a story. For some unknown reason, Julie loves Liliom, a woman and a woman who has no redemption qualities. She marries Julie, but doesn't support her, instead of having her bed in bed all day or hanging her little life with a criminal (Lee Tracy). And, yes, she can never say a word to Julie and she regularly wins her. Julie still loves her, and she constantly makes excuses that seem to make her more abusive. What is even thicker is that this film tells us the story of the love of this story. Somehow we should see Julie as a noble character whose pure love defeats Lily. WTF? <br /> <br /> The last 1/3 of this movie will happen after Liliom has killed himself (the abduction plot goes awry and Liliom falls by himself, not by the police). When he died, he says to Julie, "I beat you all the time, but I'm not sorry for that." When he finally dies, he finally tells him he loves him. (Each character has never said "I love you" to another when they were alive.) After his death, God's chief judge will give Lily one more day on earth to "do something good" for his unborn daughter. Its price is 10 years in hell. After 10 years, Liliom will be allowed to see her 10-year-old daughter on the ground one day. She approaches her in the front yard of her home and tries to let her let her "do something good"; he's trying to play cards, he's trying to give his Gabriel's horn, but he's not interested and doesn't restore him. So he's hitting him. He. You close. His. And then he disappears. Looking, we see her daughter telling Julie about it. The girl says the blow is not painful, it seemed like a kiss. It should be the magic moment of the movie. The girl asks her mother if such a thing is possible, and Julie replies that "someone can beat you and beat you and beat you and won't hurt you." Then the music swells and Liliom rides into the sky on a heavenly train. BLECH! <br /> <br /> There was one sustainable arm of this film, which is the main magistrate of the interview (HB Warner was really great here) and Lily's heavenly train. The judge had to tell Liliom very deep things about life and other opportunities and death. This scene alone changed this rating to 1 to 2 stars. As far as the suicide of Lily is concerned, which is a means of escaping his problems, the judge says, "People think that if they die, their difficulties are over. You thought you killed yourself to cancel all your responsibilities. Your name is still spoken on earth, your face is still remembered, as long as one is left, who remembers you, so long it is endless, until you have completely forgotten, you will not end with Earth, even though you are dead. things among some of the most terrible trash bins I've ever seen. <br /> <br /> By the way, this story has probably been filmed several times in both "Lily" and "Carousel".
