The Universe's response to the Exorist is not very good. Unfortunately, the film offers a strange, unimaginable direction from Michael Winner, which wastes an eye-catching choice with the scenario-massive crater-sized holes in the plot. Not to mention that it is unbearably silly, so as not to explain some of the basic elements of the story. <br /> <br /> The Cristina Raines model moves with a creepy, blind priest John Carradine in a high-rise building owned by the Catholic Church, always piercing the window. He will suffer from weak weather and nausea. Worse, the tenants he meets in the building, like Burgess Meredith (with cat and canary!) And the young Beverly D'Angelo as a lesbian. Ava Gardner (looking at the big 55) is a real estate agent who showed Raines place. Cristina's lover is Chris Sarandon, whose wife "committed suicide" after she found they had a thing. José Ferrer has a small role in the "Brotherhood of the Brotherhood", who gives Monsignor Arthur Kennedy caution when he runs a very high-rise building, not just housing in Carradine, but also in Raines. Sarandon sends a hand hired to a high-rise building at night to look through a room in the Cristina apartment where he heard metal clinging and a loud racket. The same evening, he will be put to death when Cristina "kills" her parents' father in a nightmare. As she escapes crazy on the street, Cristina really has the blood that drives police detective Eli Wallach and partner Christopher Walken with the certainty that it will bring back back to Sarandon, a hot-shot lawyer who once won a policeman for a woman's suicide. This case is really a motivating factor that is Wallach's nervous approach to finding out what blood actually was in Cristinas and whether Sarandon has anything to do with it. You also have Martin Balsam as a professor who understands this type of Latin Cristina's understanding and infinite actors, such as Jeff Goldblum as a fashion photographer and Tom Berenger as a man interested in a room that has become available in a room (now renovated)) that Cristina never stayed! What disturbs me more is the lack of explanation. At the end of the film, Wallach and Walken are forgotten and we do not know why they just started and finish their research. Their characters just go back to the burner. How the priests know that "now is the time" when a certain person dies and has to be replaced to protect a certain height at this gate and why Cristina suffers from a trauma she has not sufficiently explained. How certain ghosts just appear to Cristina and disappear when she tries to show Gardner the spaces occupied during the cat's birthday (see for herself) is not sufficiently explained. Not to mention Gardner's role in a great deal of things that brings people to this high-rise building, but what are his reasons for the film? It seems that this film should have been longer and emptied the things that were lost to rush to the conclusion that is simply ridiculous if it should be scary.
