The prison will be placed in Wyoming, where work at the new prison has been a problem, so the state office will decide to reopen the old state punishment, closed for 20 years, by Warden Eaton Sharpe (Lane Smith). 200 odd prisoners are being transported and put to work to determine the imprisoned prison, including Burke (Viggo Mortensen), who is obliged to break into the old filling chamber, but if he penetrates the door, the intense light beam fires and all the electricity around the prison , gas and fires are crazy for a few minutes. Burke has unintentionally unleashed a deadly evil force that has been somewhat murdered and no one is safe ... <br /> <br /> Renny Harlin led I thought the Prison was a poor late-80s horror frenzy that seemed to forget a little story having a story. The author of the scenario was Empire Pictures Regular C. Courtney Joyner, who was responsible for writing such classics in 1999 (1990), Puppet Master III: Toulon's Revenge (1991) & Puppet Master vs. Demonic Toys (2004) among other low budget horror crap that even I have not heard and seems to take myself very seriously. The biggest problems I have in prison are that it's too slow, it's over 30 minutes for a movie before "evil forces" are even released, even though the pace rises to the end, but then there was too little too late as I was worried , there is a fact that there is no visible story here. First of all, it never tries to explain why "old power" has been broken in the old filling chamber, it never explains why this force decides to kill accidental detainees if it should be on a revenge mission or why it just doesn't. t kill immediately Warden Sharpe, not explaining where Burke fits in, even though he sees exactly the same as a prisoner who was under an electric shock and has returned, there is no real explanation of how Warden is connected to everything he's doing apart from the two early nightmares in which he seems to remember something, although it never appeared, what it is or why. To be honest, I really couldn't give a plot summary because the film doesn't have a rigid story that it looks at all the time. The characters are boring and forgotten, murders are little and far away, silence is completely out, the whole movie is confusing, and even ghosts can't shoot the hero directly. Less than a satisfying way to spend 100 odd minutes is really better things you could do. <br /> <br /> The full-featured debut of director Harlin is doing a good job and has a decent atmosphere, but after an hour of continuous fucking, dull, blind jails and corridors I started bored. I just think the film's appearance is too repetitive, spooky and honestly lifeless. I didn't think it was scary and gore was pretty annoying after the best of the movie when the police guard was killed when a bark of wire wire surrounds his body and face with a nice closure. has opened. Other than it is a burnt corpse and mangled body that falls from the ceiling and very little. There is a scene where Warden burns all of the detained mattresses in front of them and then puts them in the yard of the yard, I watched this scene and thought you could never do anything like that. Here are the rights of the detainees, and when Warden did something that all these humanitarian would be national and all the prisoners would complain to Warden, the prison service and the government what they had and they won! <Br /> <br /> If the estimated budget is about $ 4,000,000, the prison actually had a pretty healthy budget, though it doesn't really look on the screen, sure there is a good light and some of the special effects added are good, but in general, it is set in the same place with a limited purpose. The prison was really jailed in Wyoming, so it's definitely a business. The action is fine, the prison proves that sometimes Hollywood stars do not have only one horrible horror film skeleton in their closets, but Mortensen has two and terrible returns from Texas Chainsaw Massacre (1994). sure she'd forget ... <br /> <br /> Prison is a boring, inanimate, colorless and humorless 100-minute waste, despite one good gore scene I didn't like at all, I actually prefer my movie story, not seemingly random events and incidents that have been put together with a narrative idea.
