Not one, but this flick is unfortunately one of those films that are too bad to be good and too good to be terrible, which makes it completely useless and wasting time. Nothing more uninteresting than mediocre film, and my name is modest: whatever the subtitles are, the middle level takes a new level. It's full of B-participants, but it's not fun because it takes it seriously. She makes herself a thriller, but then turns into a drama of a growing task, backstage. The beautiful Alexandra Staden, which is no longer recognized by makeup, resembles most models as Modesty Blaise. I'm not one of those tough comic books who want all his valuable "graphic novels" to be perfect - in fact, I've never even read Modesty Blaise - all I wanted was a decent movie to watch. But it wasn't. The film feels half-finished, with a weak and very amazing conclusion on a rather weak plot. He also takes idiots to his audience, explaining to us every little detail and showing the setbacks of things that happened back to the three scenes (I think they think we all have Alzheimer's). <br /> <br /> Now I love a good B movie - what better than just turning off your brain and swallowing Calzone's cinematic equivalent? - and "Modesty" is run by someone other than Scott Spiegel, who brought us an excellent spray yoke flick from Dusk Till Dawn 2: Texas Blood Money! I loved Dusk Till Dawn 2 because it brought everything the bad B-movie into the table - nudity, gore, guns, you call it. "Modesty" is just boring. Modesty modesty about life is not interesting. Operation is not ridiculous enough. In fact, I liked Nikolaj Coaster-Waldau (hey friend, pseudonyms are your friends!) Performances as a baddie. <br /> <br /> In general, it's just flat. Weak. Unknown. Call what you want. Don't look at it, because Tarantino is presenting it to people. It's just a very forgotten, half-hearted thriller, and it's never trying to be more. Let me round off this review with a very flat pun (seriously, even if I am): My name is modest: slow waste of time - 4/10
