Ulli Lommel's 1980 film "Boogey Man" is not a classic, but it is a cooler with a lower-than-average budget that you should look at. Continuing, in 1983, "Boogey Man II" is ultimately a waste of time, but at least it is fun if not taken the least seriously. Now the second door left open for one more step, and I wouldn't want to see at least one. One day when I was in the mall while watching videos, I found a movie titled "Returning Boogey Man". When I discovered that it was a step forward for earlier films, I was happy to get a few bucks for it ... I should have known it better. Although the title is "Boogey Man 3", it is not an advancement to the two supreme films I mentioned above. Well, not entirely anyway. <br /> <br /> Pros: Ha! It's a laugh. Is there anything good about this cow manure? Let's see that it has "The Boogey Man" footage and it's gracefully short. Yes, that's it. <br /> <br /> Cons: Where to start? Decisions, decisions. First of all, this film is complete. It goes from one scene to another without something far from interesting or frightening. Action is best. "Actors" are most likely the directors of the director who did not have any operational experience before acting and apparently. The plot is non-existent and the script is written. The direction is simply terrible. The director tries to make the film artistic by moving the camera around, flashing light and filters, but it doesn't add anything. Some music is boring and difficult to hear. The ties to the original are botched. The name of Suzanna Love's character was Lacey, not Natalie! And the events at the beginning of the original did not happen in 1978. If there are 3 in the title, why not mention what happened in II? Finally, it does not add anything new or interesting to either the series or the genre. <br /> <br /> Final Thoughts: The waste of time and money behind people should be ashamed. This is one thing when it was the original film that was the director's first and suck. But instead, it should be a sequel to a movie that is not a masterpiece, but it's more interesting and fun. If there is another sequel that I doubt, it must forget what has ever happened and whether it should be dealt with by Lommel himself or by someone who has at least some idea how to make a decent horror film. <br /> My rating: 1/5
