Let me say that I loved the original Boogeyman. Of course, this is a bad cliché 80's horror movie, but hey these types are fun to watch! And plus it gave us something a little different. So I was happy to buy it and it came as a surprise to this movie (just the copy they actually had) so I thought "Eh, what the fuck" and I bought it. Mistake # 1. So that night I felt the mood to watch the movie (I actually bought tons of that day) and thought it was the shortest of all I bought so I just look at it and hit the bag. Error # 2. Yes, I've heard how bad it was, but I was ready to take the opportunity. <br /> <br /> So a few minutes of the movie and there is the first setback. I don't think about it first. Then a new film that has predictions about the chick in the bath, and I'm in the pleasant direction it goes. The next setback, which is a bit longer and I sit there to think "Yes, I've seen the first Boogeyman I know what's going to go on like this!" Then the last one (Maybe I gave a quick explanation, but why did he reflect the topless? At least he could have shown them!) WTF? What happened to the forecasts? What happened to a long-haired guy (did he touch it or what?)? And more importantly, what kind of weed was the writer and director of smoking when this terrible POS? And what was the point? Was Annie just a setback on what happened in the first movie? Or was it the first time that this movie was taking place at the same time? The latter may be worthwhile, since the gripping of the tights on the tights took place in 1978, according to the characters of the film, and it was 15 years later. Wait, no, it wouldn't! As Lacey (who renamed the film questionably to Nancy? Uli is memorable for the names of her film characters?) Would be 20 years old because she was 5 when she happened, and not only is she married to someone who looks 30 -dat, but he also has a boy who looks around 7 and 10! Did he get around in high school? And why would tights for Annie be? What is his attitude to the characters of the original film? And the big movie I found in this movie is that when a doctor writes on his laptop, someone has noticed that he is just a PROFESSIONAL? Oh, how professional, Doc! So, what is the explanation for all the above questions? PLEASE NOTE WHAT IS NO QUESTIONS! I'm trying to find a copy of the original text that comes with this movie, and that's it (maybe a few more options, any other special edition)? Then I'll give it back to the DVD and hopefully this review and all those who haven't seen it will see it, making the movie shops loose and the movie no longer exists! Please give it this way! Unfortunately, this review is so long. I'm just angry with this movie, which I somehow vent
