The embarrassing couple will move into the cabin on the hill after the daughter disappears, discovering that there may be ghosts that are tempting the suicide of people living in the past, anxious spirit. Julie Pyke (Cher's Christian) accuses her husband Allen (Greg Thompson) of his daughter's dreadful death because opening the door has been completed and the marriage has worsened. Julie stays in a zombie state, generating emotions, distant and dull, shooting only a nearby abandoned prison, finding an amazing ghost of a girl clinging to cell bars. Although Allen sees no ordinary, Julie continues to take pictures and we realize that something is not right. The local champion, Jim Payne (Scott Hodges), a fairly distant companion who secretly harbors the harbor, becomes a dangerous threat if it turns out that his dead mother may have something to do with the ghosts in Pykes. In the meantime, the neighbors who sold the cabs also became victims, the alcoholic abuse of Mr Booth to his wife, who will return to her again. Allen is conducting a study of his cabin history, trying to unravel this place. <br /> <br /> A lot of ghosts moving in the background in this cozy supernatural story with virtually every unhappy character. Cher's Christian remains so empty and lost that it is very difficult to connect with him, even though you understand his situation. Functioning, as is often mentioned, is still frustrating because no characters are easy to confirm. I think it should be in their situations, but the trouble I had had never been able to appropriately embrace the Pants because they were constantly standing. Cheri comes as cold and loose as I think my mother tends to lose her child in this way, but the icy nature left me praying to embrace her, which I just couldn't. I think the right performers, even if the emotional instability is passing through the characters, can grab the hearts of their viewers when humanity reaches us ... in the case of this film, the leaders cannot do it for any reason. . It could have been me, I don't know. I wanted to take care of them, but nothing symbolized my hearts. Anyway, as the movie continues, Allen slowly discovers certain truths and has to defend himself against his wife, who is convinced that their daughter is among them and she will not lose her little girl again. Jim, an unstable neighbor who believes in halting the grunts that are plaguing the area he needs to kill the sacred will become a vital threat. The spirits remain a central part of the film, their presence, especially Jim's mother, who is established at a distance. Finale shows them all because Allen has to look for help for her wife when she tries to stop Jimi's mission. I had difficulty with this indifference because my anxiety was against the leaders and their characters.
