Okay, what the hell should this be? Is it a family fantasy movie that will help to make the great success of Spielberg's "Third-Kind Nears"? Or bouncing back to the glorious days of prehistoric epics, such as "When the Dinosaurs Robbed the Earth" and "The Lost World"? Perhaps this is an intellectual and philosophical masterpiece that we all do not understand? Yes, it must be! Whatever it is, "Daily Time" (good old John 'Bud' Cardos, "Spider Kingdom", and writer David Schmoeller "Tourist Trap") must have smoked a lot of glue when they put down the idea of ​​a demented hodgepodge of this genre . The story does not make the slightest sense, and the narrative structure is insecure as hell, but he who cares for as long as he has papa-mâché dinosaurs, miniature spacecraft, headache-producing light and laser exhibitions, and spontaneously burning supernovae! The introduction is practically unheard of, but it does not cause concern because it is all dirty! Did you know that the definition of "time" is not what we all think? Time may not pass chronologically, it's a gigantic paradox! The words that were spoken thousands of years ago are still floating around and even the things that will happen in the future are already around us. I have no idea what it all means, but obviously it is an easy excuse to collect dancers dwarf foreigners and dinosaurs with good morals. I deliberately say disgraceful dinosaurs, because at a certain point in time one of the prehistoric monsters knocks faithfully at the door before he threatens his goals. The crazy plot is in the middle of a strange family living in a sunny house. Grandfather is very annoying, grandson still more, grandmother is walking and talking about poster for plastic surgery, youngest son strangely reminiscent of Prince Valiant and young mother is ?? incredibly hot! For some reason, Chris Mitchum is also meaningless to travel around on filming equipment, such as business mates on a hot mum. Special effects are purely cheesy and absolutely ridiculous (I sincerely hope that the second reviewer who talked about "great special effects" was sarcastic), but the absolute most genius aspect is the dialogues here! Just read this wonderful example of extraordinary writing: <br /> <br /> Grandfather: "You know what it is, isn't it? It's a time-space thread! <br /> <br /> Stevie:" I'm not pretty sure I know what it means, dad "<br /> <br /> Grandfather:" Well, I think no one really does "<br /> <br /> Make your mind, gram! you know what it is or not? And stop talking about "Vortex" as you are some kind of expert in the field! "Time of Day" is an incredibly childish and non-appreciative fantasy movie, although I fully understand that some of its fans are fond of the movie because they saw it at a young age and became enchanting effects.
