'1408' is the newest inexpensive tactics hodge podge. One that can change the date-movie-style horror fans from time to time to jump on their seats and shout in the ear, but be disappointed by the viewers looking for a little depth and direction. John Cusak plays a writer who has made a career in writing books that describe his experiences during his stay in ghostly hotels. Despite patrons and owners' assertions that ghosts are traveling on the halls, there is little to do to put him in a paranormal faith. When he learns about the history of 1408 in the Overlook Hotel - I don't expect, I mean, Dolphin Hotel in New York - he decides that he will make a perfect end to his last book. Samuel L. Jackson, the owner of the hotel, is urging to persuade his guest about the fears that have taken place in the theater hall since the hotel opened several years ago. The story is simple and we need to be as skeptical as possible to sit through Jackson's long idea. In other words, be afraid! Be very scared! <br /> <br /> Of course, it would be easy to convince the audience that they have just paid off to see a seat thriller if it doesn't take that long for that point. And even when that followed was much more than a cheap "boos" that became so frequent and arbitrary that you would soon be waiting for them. The temperature in the room changes automatically. Walls dripping with blood. A frightened writer can't open the door etc. And after nearly a year and a half, when they were delivered to the audience, great excitement allowed you to sit down and hope at least you can stop. With the slow suspicion of dreams and other derivatives, even if we do not succeed in our doubts that before the end of the film we may end up with something that makes the film a little less than completely forgotten. <br /> <br /> Despite the great performance (as always) by Cusak, who is essentially the whole movie, most other notes (ie Samuel L. Jackson) are wasted in irrelevant minor roles. The real secret is how this movie got such a high viewer rating. Voting tools?
