I'm a true fan of the original Cracker series and own them all on DVD. Cracker often had a tendency to be universal, but Robbie Coltrane and other cast members, as well as writers, always seemed to be, despite themselves. I read Cracker in the big British TV series of that time and there is some strong competition: Prime Minister suspected, Inspector Frost, Inspector Morse, Jeremy Bretti Sherlock Homes and many others. Cracker with Prime suspicion was on my list at the top. <br /> <br /> What makes "new terror" even more sad ... <br /> <br /> Ultimately, it was a very pale imitation of Cracker's former glory. I forced myself to go through the whole thing, convinced that it wasn't really that bad and that some spark would light up. I was wrong, it was bad from start to finish. <br /> <br /> Some Critics: First, just to get all the possible prejudices right away: I am offended by the anti-American, anti-war leveling layer that came in and in. Topper: The murder of two American innocence in any crime and the British Junkie in "Fitz" is "understandable but not justified". I thought, "I threw two hours of mess just to hear this nasty little?" So I had a negative reaction to the anti-war / American tone brought by my beliefs ... In addition to politics, I had a special feeling that this Cracker was just a propaganda problem and it actually helped to damage an amazingly weak script. <br /> <br /> Second, how much air time did Robbie Coltrane have? Fitz was almost a player in this game, as if he were a descendant of a story that was originally written without Fitz's role. Coltrane could have shown his broad and suitably butterfly shoulder, but the writer probably thought about other things and continued to have the opportunity and a wide margin. <br /> <br /> Third: WRITTEN ABYSMAL! There were some sparks and a few bits of real character formation (Fitz's son, Fitz could not stay in his house when he left his plane to Australia, a detective who wanted to defeat his poor performers on his back to capture his head and some old sparks on Fitz and between her and Missus), but not nearly enough to carry annoying events. Fourth, where the hell was Panhallaga? Now it would have been interesting ... It was all in Manchester and ten years later. Another wasted opportunity (or apparently the actor was not interested) <br /> <br /> Well, there is still a lot to say (it's bad), but I close the curiosity: at the end of the show (when the BBC appeared) when the ad announced that "Director's Section" was available on BBC On-Demand, I thought AH-HA! The director's cut, which is expected to cost, can be all that I could see tonight, but never like a coherent and interesting story. Unfortunately, being convinced that I am sitting through the terrible free version of "New Terror", hoping to see something, something worth looking at, just because of disappointment, I have no hope of motivating me to actually pay for another second, potentially longer and longer tedious version. In addition, I was angry that the BBCA sliced ​​and cubed and sacrificed time to accommodate an infinite (every ten minutes) trade flow, and then turned around and asked me to pay for what probably should be shown tonight. Finally, I quote the first paragraph of Vario's new "New Terror": it really says everything: "The initial thrill of Robbie Coltrane, who reiterated his role as a psychologist at the BBC's erroneous, sliding, feminine criminal, enchants a political statement with a heavy hand. Writer Jimmy McGovern has decided to give it a message in the midst of its revival - namely, the Americans are a bunch of little ones who don't care about terrorism before it fell on our doorstep - McGover's chest strap crosses the narrative and quenches the joy of Fitz. "
