Man, I really find it hard to believe that strange Alan Ball had something to do with this mess. Having seen the first two episodes so far, I think I can say that this exhibition is not visible to me. It is just as many things that work against it. <br /> <br /> No participant is very good. Anna Paquin is a leading figure in Sookie, just terrible. I remember he's in a lot of other things I've seen him, so maybe it's just writing. Undoubtedly he is not really fun, the moments to be honest, he looks pretty ugly. The actor who plays Bill is somewhat better than just because his nature should be wooden and open. Other actors do their best, but cliché characters that are difficult to fill are hard work for them. Tara is an absolute misery to look at, Rutina Wesley murderes a full accent. It's like bad nail nails. Almost as terrible as Nelsan Ellis, it's hard to understand what he sometimes even says. Both her character and Tara seem to me a bit racist. I don't know having the word "whycome" at HBO, which is not The Wire just seems a bit strange. Further rounding is Sookie's unsuccessful grandmother, her sex addict brother, and the only genius casting I've seen in William Sanderson's sheriff. <br /> <br /> The story seems to be the destination of the party where there is no real concern that the viewer would be interested. Romance things are very dark shadows. Though it shows a camp tractor something like the old Dark Shadows episodes about ten times. Sometimes it seemed to me that it was so horrible that I just had to assume it was meant to be. But unlike the show, like Buffy, which made a masterful camp, this show isn't. There is an extreme gore and graphic sex on site. I do not want to tempt either of them if they are well done, as they are in many other HBO examples, but here at least they prolonged the harsh sex scenes associated with Jason Stackhouse. /> The only nice thing I really think about this confusion is that I liked the title title. HBO has been lucky with his series of exhibitions lately, I hope they will cancel it after the first season and try something better.
