There was a lot of leap at this show, but I didn't know about it before the season (1st season). Someone even suggested to show me. But I decided that when I looked at it, I waited until the end of the season to see it in bulk. Due to the format of the exhibition I am happy to wait. I think it would have been quite annoying that the end of almost every episode is in the middle of a rock cliff, then you have to wait another week to find out what's going on in the next second of the story. <br /> <br /> The show has been able to throw too much sex. Jason is having a lot of sex that moves. Immediately after he learned that one woman with whom he had sex had died, he would be in bed with another woman the next night! Then Tara and Sam will nevertheless, despite everyone knowing that Sam is in love with Sookie. And for some reason, Sookie gets crazy when he learns later - though he sleeps with a vampire. One of the problems with the exhibition is that it does not do a good job to make you feel caring. I didn't care about Jason at all. With his endless pursuit, he was rude to the people who were really worried about him. After a few episodes I wouldn't make sense if he killed somehow. For this reason, I was mostly interested in murders until Sookie's grandmother became a victim (since the first two were more closely related to Jason). <br /> <br /> When Sookie and Bill are having sex, the story gets some subplots. Tara's mother wants exorcism, then exorcist Tara tries to convince her to have one to remove her demon. I didn't know that all the exorcism was so much bothered, as I know there are people who really believe in this stuff. But they waste a little time to show that it is a farce right after Tara spends around $ 1,300 on her and her mother. At other points, some developments take place too quickly. Jason continues to jerk, trying to sell his grandmother's stuff to buy a vampire, which is probably a new crack or something. In his search, he finds the girl who makes him V (vampire). They get high and fall in love with each other for three days and rob a vampire for a constant V source. Another example is when Bill has to go to a vampire court. He's only gone two days before Sookie gets discarded and starts wondering if he thinks "vampire politics" is more important than his importance. It doesn't understand the genius that something is going on with a local dog. Although my assumption was not dead, it was not a surprise. But the two episodes of the finals were where it was really annoying, because it just pushed away all your vision developments as if you couldn't think of yourself. When Tara gets into a car accident, the face of the naked woman is clearly shown in the pig and it was easily recognizable when she appeared in the prison for salvation. As if it were not enough, they would later show the lady a pig to her house. Then it's time to kill the story together. At the end of the penultimate episode, it turned out that Renee is not the one she says she is and is probably a killer. In the last episode, they cast Renee, who is the killer of your face. Sookie notes that it is strange that Renee's thoughts have no emphasis. I thought it was good because it adds that Renee is a scam. But the next scene is full of accusing evidence against Renee. They show that Renee is a vampire Maudette tape and her fiancé finds that one of the Renee boxes is a tape on Cajun's accent counterfeiting. That was just ridiculous at this point. I mean, let's get it! So blah blah blah stuff happens. Bill kills almost himself, leaving Sookie unsuccessful, who can still kill Renee. They start the 2nd season, leaving unfinished questions. Naked pig lady and Sam have a history, Lafayette is lost and maybe killed. Jason has some anti-vampire church that has been temporarily washed as a religious nut, which makes me even less caring. . I think I was expecting this exhibition to be better. I'm interested in what's happening in the 2nd season, but when I look at it, I look forward to the end of the season.
