After watching some of HBO's big things - Rome's brothers, band, etc. - I have to say that I had great expectations before watching the first episode of True Blood. Jeez. It often seemed that the script was written by an 8-year-old, some parts are simply filmed, (a scene where he "saves" Bill, I mean, come in. He throws a chain and ow! Around his neck and it magically beats him! It was quite embarrassing if you want my opinion, or a few moments before this scene, when he discovers that the couple is ridiculous with Bill, 5 seconds later, magic! Three of them are missing and without any fight or noise! br /> I mean that the idea of ​​the idea seemed interesting, mysterious, intriguing, the vampires that existed with human beings in our modern society ... but frankly, I don't think they really wanted to do more when small soaps show that the average teen girl looks all the time but that no one else care ... Unfortunately, the script is written badly, mediocre at best.It is low and extremely predictable, often thought it was some joke or something. <br /> < br /> If you like in my opinion, the actors show truly convincing performances. They seem to be showing this example very easily, as if it were a normal, low-budget family television (maybe what it is when you take the family part off). The only actor who seemed to me a little good was Stephen Moyer in Bill's role, given the poorly written and very short answers he had to say, "What are you ..." "Can I call you ..." that he made the vampire somewhat mysteriously scary that everyone with a vampire role must actually be. Anna Paquin was fine, but no more. But the boy who played his brother, Jeez, is terrible. The scene where he is arrested is just a shame for today's television. The action is bad, the construction site sees the bones falsified and the other two "Why was he arrested? Uh ... I can't ..." It was quite embarrassing. Another thing I think it was completely unanswered was how they presented Sookie's psychic abilities. They make us listen to what people think and talk about at the same time and wrong. Often, it just seems unnecessarily chaotic, as if people were thinking of an annoying radio station, and when he was near, he hit the right frequency and had to hear everything they thought. And finally, the sex scenes are simply obviously unnecessary and that vampire sex tape thing was just completely nasty. <br /> <br /> Don't make me wrong - I wrote all these comments not because I thought the show was BAD, but because I was very disappointed. I waited for quality things. I didn't think it was that way. This is definitely not a good play. Mediocre best.
