There are two types of characters in PICTURES: people who try to do the best they can and do the right thing, and people who strive for their own interests and put every mortal sin when they themselves and all others are heroes and all the only hope. More than any other exhibit is hypocrisy and self-deception on THE SHIELD. Unfortunately, hypocrites and self-expression heroes are heroes, and in this form, typical heroes of genrefictions are unlikely to be immune to defeat or capture, and they come up again and again, making fools of all their peers. Lead and fade out are always great. It's really a work of art. Unfortunately, the story is without a cup, a scenario of burnt desire, rape and false wishes. <br /> <br /> A hero who pulls all along with him in an unsuccessful scheme after an unsuccessful scheme is a wiley like a warrior comic stripper, always escaping and all elmerfuds (anyone who doesn't support him in his wrong and crimes), automatically attracting any show a good-looking woman who always lives in an attempt to bring her to justice, and USE ONLY ears with her embarrassing self-reasons. If another policeman discovers something he does, and someone gets injured by his actions, he always blames the suspicious policeman, regardless of the fact that his schemes and complicated wrong and executed plans are always the cause. Every time. <br /> <br /> Like the 24-year-old, this show depends on competitions and countless delays to drag the story off the season. An eternal year-round heart is injected with a boring, incredible long story to provide a skeleton to hang bloody, perverted meat pieces that are corrupt acts of characters and inevitably overlap. <br /> <br /> The most disappointing, however, is the writer's hub, as they try to change the viewers' sympathy back and forth, tones and shades. Sometimes they want us to see Shane as an enemy. Sometimes they want us to see him as a badly misunderstood soul. Sometimes they want us to see Vic as a dangerous sexual dynamo. Sometimes they want us to see him as a bad gold with a golden heart. Sometimes they want us to see Mara as a low whistle in Jezebel. Then they think that when they show their session and talk about their dreams with Shane, we find that he is sympathetic and tragic. <br /> <br /> None of these manipulations is enough to get the necessary sympathies. If they have shown that these characters are destroying the lives of others at their own ends, that is the case. It makes no sense to go back and forth. But then it is also pointless to produce seven seasons of bumblebee clowns that draw each existing supermodel into their bed and run a crime syndicate directly from the police station, directly under everyone's nose.
