A young black boy in South Africa is trying to land part of the gangsta movie. But without knowing the street life, he was told that this life was really pleasant or he didn't get that part. He manages to work in his own gang, led by his old school friend, and his chances of appearing in the film when he accepts crimes. But for the gang leader, the growing disaster of his new friend's life shows a golden opportunity to do something better with himself. <br /> <br /> Although it may seem relatively interesting, it is something other than. Its first half is incredibly worshiping and annoying, while "hijacking" only takes place at the end of some very poorly performed low speed passenger cars. Only two police cars, both of which are in the early 90s of Nissan Sunny, are used in these "backhands". Not only would they be cheap (and I find it hard to believe that they would use such everyday old cars in South Africa in 2000), but as far as I can remember, there are only two involved and none of them will be scratch once. Driving is a very poorly shot, distant and poorly timed corner of the camera and minimal traffic on the road and they are maximally about 2 minutes maximum if you believe that a very small child is actually a very qualified driver who can easily be circumvented by the police, despite driving pedestrian and completely unmistakable. It now leads me to characters and actors who are equally bad. The aforementioned boy, who drives a car, looks about 13 years old and allegedly is extremely qualified in incredibly losing the police. Everyone else is not so convincing, so much that they even see forever forever. <br /> <br /> At the end of the movie, our headmaster ("Sox Moraka") is asked to steal a car parking lot from a gang leader. The police are having trouble opening it and asking him what he is doing, and he answers, telling him it's their car. After a brief argument, they try to arrest him and then keep the police in the gun and jump back into his car. After the police have arrived, the police will return the fire and in turn will be wounded. After a second pathetic order of intervention, they decide to give up the car and set it out to destroy all the evidence. Here is one of the most ridiculous and terribly terrible special effects I've ever seen. When the car "explodes", the flames on top of each window appear with terrible sound effects that are not even on time. It's so badly made and fake that it's hard to put it in words and really have to believe. If you look at it slowly, it even seems more fun. I have seen better effects than in the reconstruction documents of the murders. The car is the Volkswagen Golf MK2 GTi. Something that wouldn't be worth the tremendous value at all, and they couldn't really destroy it with a truly explosion? I would like to know the budget for this movie. It seems so cheap that I am surprised that it did it outside South Africa, and even more surprised that it did it on a DVD. <br /> <br /> I know it's not a big budget in Hollywood. I know it is meant to portray rivers in impoverished South African cities that steal middle-class cars and sell parts on the black market, but with ridiculous, ill-executed cars, terribly acting and ridiculous characters, in any sense, reality is completely gone. <br /> <br /> In general, I definitely don't recommend looking at it. If you want to laugh and see one of the worst-made, low-budget confusions that have ever been created, I would recommend it and only that. <br /> <br /> It is a sad, poorly done, poorly edited, poorly paced, and tedious little budget drum that fails on all counts. I've seen a lot of South African movies, including many cheap NuImage / Nu-World action scenes, and despite their joy, they're much better at all readings.
