The British public school system did not only develop with the idea of ​​educating the upper class, despite the popular and widespread misconception. It was designed to produce administrators and governors, civil servants and military personnel for British colonial rule. These people were almost fully employed in middle classes. they started to show their value, they were sent to the aristocratic horses rather than teachers and governors, as happened earlier. They moved closer to the school "Town" so that Eton and Harrow became especially popular among the older class. The overwhelming majority of public schools took their pupils lower Tom Brown, perhaps the most famous public school student, was the son of a state parson, not a safety belt, so in the late 1960s England, a country with a postcolonial guilt and his last responsibilities to his former dependents as soon as Harold Wilson had his Gannex teddy bear slipped, Lindsay Anderso ni If "If" was greeted by cataract joyous classes and all other mild confusion. It should be remembered that the "summer of love" was followed by the "October Revolution", which left some police officers in London with one or two broken windows and heads of the US Embassy, ​​but achieved absolutely nothing. So when Anderson's movie came to the cinemas, the former revolutionaries were expertly revealing what they saw, as Mr Malcolm McDowell's glorious victory over the amorphous "Them", despite the fact that he was finally infinitely attacked, a fate that would undoubtedly have passed To enter the US. The film didn't tell us anything new about public schools, homosexuality, cold showers, patristic sarcastic teachers, stupid traditions. Too familiar list. It was declared an allegory that compares Britain with a corrupt and crumbling society represented by the school. Well, nearly forty years in the same schools are still flourishing, the British social system has not changed, "October Revolution" has long been forgotten, except for those who are on one side or another and Mr Anderson has finished his "country". The state "trilogy does not affect in any way. If you ever want to read a book about schoolchildren who made the system more successful than Mr. McDowell and his friends, and also lived to talk about the story, find a copy of Stalky & Co.'s much annoying poem" If " gave this name to Anderson's film, born of a colony in India, a man whose work has been quietly cleaned of our literary history. And do it before preaching classes succeed him. Maybe someone should start this revolution.
