The Shlock merchant Leo Fulci is moving at a pace, making trashy, hardly a single sword and witchcraft fantasy movie, instead of his usual, barely uniform horror. <br /> <br /> Wimpy Orlando Bloom, named Ilias, from a society that suddenly resembles Greece, travels across the ocean to the cave-eater at some vaguely defined struggle to fight evil, where he joins an animal-loving hunter to fight vampire-topless wolves and mutants of evil witchcraft. Significance occurs. Hungry, pushes local conquerors and wants the magic to bow themselves. After his heroes winning through the end, he sends a variety of minions, each nervous as the latter, trying to hit the cave pressed down. This movie contains a continuous WTF stream? elements and moments. <br /> <br /> For some reason, the entire film is photographed with soft focus and the image is blurred by continuous fog on the screen. It may have been an attempt to create an atmosphere or hide how fake everyone sees. Either way failed. There is no atmosphere unless it is a cloudy and mild confusion and there is no hiding when flat everything seems. The wolves look like a poor man. For some reason, the director fell in love with the productions that jumped slowly through the air, in the style of a six million dollar man, toward our heroes as they attacked. The film probably has about a dozen shots and it will be easier every time. The rest of the topless witch leaders, with the exception of the general people clad in leather, are some of the lumpy-white mutants that appear to be hidden in the tooth nets. Needless to say, they are slow and scary, and when they talk like gay-Spaniards, the Dalek adds. The struggles are harsh and convincing and the special effects are strange. Oh yes, music is a cheap synthesizer that doctors did, who would have been tortured to have used it. <br /> <br /> Ilias, our nominal hero is happier and forgotten. He also looks like a perfect joke, especially with his medieval era that reveals leather clothing and big hair, and is clearly a moor. Of course, he is the dynamics he was photographed with his magical belt, but he takes on his mission to fight the whole evil continent, about three or four arrows. Needless to say, he runs out of arrows within minutes and must be saved by Mace, the more traditional sword and witch hero. When she meets Ilias, she creates herself as a silent single, claiming she has no friends, but not before can you say a hidden homoerotic subtext that is foolish mates, stepping on the foggy mountains together. Mace promises to take Ilias with her bowed favor. Ilias asks where she goes. "Where my feet take me," is his answer. Good for Ilias. Mace is also an animal lover and an outrageous hypocrite. He declares his great love and affinity for animals, quoting the usual things about how he prefers them to humans, because people can be so small. He says he will never eat and kill the animal, but he steals the meat from others who have shot the animals. He also does not accidentally kill innocent passers-by without good reason. Not long after they meet, he tries to cut Iliasi's bow and film into a random cave that follows his own company, walking along and Mace dying. There is no indication that this poor soul did anything to deserve it, and even Ilias, who allegedly hugged a more moral and civilized society, does not even brow. <br /> <br /> The luck of the movie is quite unusual. For the whole movie, he's totally naked, except for the g-string and the golden mask that covers his entire head. It's like Fulci involved to make movies a compulsory division, but decided he was a bit too big at the last minute. He spends a lot of time seemingly, that his pet's snakes are joyful and dreaming that he is striking an odd bow, dressed in Ilias. Wow, such a symbolism! Later, he filmed when he can't beat Ilias and Mace and allows himself to be a sex slave to an ancient soldier when he kills them for him. It is hardly the most frightening villain in the world or really a step towards women's rights. I think he's the creatures of our hero network and embodies Mace in a situation where there is no one else but Mace's fool. Was he really worthy of respect for his trade, Ocron? <br /> <br /> There are many other WTFs? a moment. Most of them come at the end of the movie. Ilias casts out, I forget, why maybe her hairstyle came, but she understands her path's mistake and returns to help Mace fight the forces of evil. Suddenly, without a reason, his belt may suddenly shoot from several target search engines. If necessary, the bolts can also be photographed through a solid stone. Needless to say, he does a short job of the bad sons who have captured Mace. <br /> <br /> The climax is also quite pointless. Mace determines Ocron for the rest of the forces, using targeted impact options. He will then be able to shoot Ocron one kilometer away using his fiery rock volume. He's gonna die. His mask is hanging to expose the scary Muppet head. She slips screaming and becomes a dog and travels with another dog. Mace smiles. Credit card credit. <br /> <br /> Strangely enough, these powerful low-budget swords and witchcraft are reasonably bright and focused. Anyone who has seen the Wizards of the Lost Kingdom can tell you how nonsensical and prone their creation might be.
