Despite the fact that Blue Underground released some DVD five years ago, I have never seen the Italian "sword and sorcery" that was on the Italian TV tonight, and now that I've seen it, I know exactly why. Not because of the director's typical preference for extreme gore (for which there are definite examples) or the fact that a handful of women parade inevitably all the time (this is in the dark age after that)? is just a very bad thing. In fact, I would like to go so far as to say that this may be the worst kind I have ever seen, and believe me, I've seen a lot (especially in recent years, after my 2004 excursion) at the Venice Film Festival! Reading how the film's failure during the first release is believed to have led this director to a subsequent (and unfortunate) career need with a frantic low budget gore, I see their point: I could prefer Fulc's earlier "giallo" period from 1968 to 1977 for his more popular stuff (1979) -82), but even in the latter case, his commitment was unquestionably indisputable. On the other hand, does CONQUEST seem to have inspired at least Fulci? seeing how he decided to conceal the procedure harshly with eternal fog, sprinkle it with inhumane characters (cannibals vs. werewolves, someone?), irrelevant gore (we are treated free of charge, nasty cannibal dinner just before the witnesses of meat eating witnesses of his brain literally beaten by his hairy antagonists !) and even some very unpleasant intimates between masked, brain-slurling flash (don't ask) and his slimy reptile pets! What's worth, we have two assessors here: here's a young magic bow-boy in some masculine affirmation of the odyssey (Andrea Occhipinti) and his rambling companion (Jorge Rivero, Frenchman Howard Hawks) RIO LOBO [1970]! being called Mace (maybe short for Macs) seems to be just occasionally falling into his cavewoman and calling his younger Defense Forces (especially an extremely unpleasant attack). Unfortunately, there is also a normal sustainable arm that has such low materials as the former Goblin Claudio Simonetti electronic score sometimes seems inappropriate at times. Fulci even exacerbates to give the film a ridiculously rushed house, where the surviving beef hero goes purposefully to the wilderness (after the destruction of one and all through all kinds of magical belts) so much for his own physical strength! to your next? and fortunately unfilmed ?? Adventure!
