You know all these letters "Father's Christmas" and "Jesus" that are sent every year? Well, it turns out that they were not actually delivered, but fell off in the half-forgotten corner of the post office, to rot, unless some glittering sparks indicate how they were posted. Like strange settings, it is a winner and fits perfectly with the strange movie "Dead Letter Office". That is obviously an Australian film, not a British film. If it were Royal Mail, most of the messages would receive such treatment. I haven't been in this apartment for two years and we still have letters to Mr. Wang, some of the last-day female female priests and various industrial equipment catalogs for a plumbing company. <br /> <br /> "Dead Letter Office" (the name given to the email address you receive) follows Alice's (Miranda Otto) story, which is growing in a seriously divided home. By writing to his missing father, he only learns in adulthood that his letters have not been edited for one reason or another. So logically, he gets a job D.L.O. considers that it is working with other social rejection, including Chilean migrant Frank Lopez (George Del Hoyo). He slowly finds that he pulls him, but does he know where his father is, without having to be an independent world knee-dead? <br /> <br /> Nothing against this movie, but I was reminded this is a terrifying Heather Graham movie "Committed" while watching it. But it is so much better than this horse crap, but then it's not hard again. At first, this film is much more logical. True, the metaphors are somewhat blatant and the downward symbolism quickly becomes a flood. But at least it is uniform and peculiar without being complete. It also works well. Both Otto and Del Hoyo are very good lovers looking for something they know they will never find, while the other characters are the best. Some of the problems are that it looks too fast, leaving the viewer a little disappointed. The second part is that if you are considering an Australian draconian immigration policy (ie if you don't speak English, rack off!), Then such a story is unlikely to happen. Unfortunately, other characters help to destabilize realism, pointing to somewhat more unusual stereotypes. <br /> <br /> Nevertheless, Dead Letter Office is definitely something else. It may not suit everyone's taste, but I liked it. Yes, it was hackney and predictable, but sometimes it's nice to watch a movie without weapons or violence or heavy-duty abduction and nudity (no chance for an Australian movie). No big smiles, no Bullet Time, and characters are usually one-dimensional. But this is the story that counts here, and although it is not crushing the ground, it is a pleasant way to pass the time. It's a Sheryl Crow CD movie equivalent - it's nice to listen now and again, but you wouldn't want to miss it if it didn't exist there.
