"No one knows anyone" is a conspiracy theory thriller for Satanists / Nuts Bomber, dedicated to Seville's religious celebrations in the Holy Week. He is also the best friend of the film's hero. The plot has been created by a bomber as a computer game, as a player himself and a hero and a virtual environment in Seville. The real alleys and streets of the city will take on the qualities of these old Pacman-type games. In this way, a scene was seen where the hero and his female football were punished by black capsules with swing arms. <br /> <br /> From the beginning, we are aware that the narrative is built as a game - the task of the hero is to create crossword puzzles on a popular newspaper; At one point, a crossword puzzle network on the chessboard, on which he later plays his girlfriend against his father, changes. Tips are widely dispersed as a camera that closes you with images that have only recently become important (eg in an ad bar). Detective / paper chase elements are part of an ongoing game, not after an investigation. The film strongly borrowed the "Se7en" pattern works, and anyone with a Catholic education is likely to receive the importance of certain events that take place on certain days up to EAster. <br /> <br /> In this reading game is at the level of narrative, the hero is fighting against the enemy (in this case the computer) to win and save the day. But there is another game, the film itself, which undermines the first. There are one more tip that doesn't mean the killer's intentions, but the filmmaker and his heroes. In the first ten minutes, references to chess, writer Navokov and cult conductor Sarin. If we remember that Chess-loving Nabokov's pseudonym of the 1930s was Sirin, we see another game where we don't believe the villain, but the hero himself. <br /> <br /> In Nabokov's novel, such as "Pale Fire", the author's drawing creates text that is intended to hide his own motifs, provoking a game between the writer and the reader to discover true text. Throughout the film, visually distorted scenes (such as picture contracts) or unclearly defined dreams and hallucinations that make us question the hero's point of view. All references to games are related to him. Many early sexual and creative impotence is done in the early sequences, so that the film could be his attempt to live his life, be a winner, just as he does not become real. Previously, he has won the game when his writer's block disappears; his words are the title of the film, which shows that he is a general author. In addition, the Spanish title in itself negatively reflects the very Nabokov imprisonment, which refers to a hero, such as Kinbote, for his own solitude. <br /> <br /> This mix of postmodern literature (Borges, Eco, Pynchon et al is also referred to), Fincher, 'X-Files', 'Run Lola Run', Chris Marker (city and its history as a map and text the idea and the cultural history that is bothering with the present), Bunuell's anti-clericism and Alex de la Iglesia's 'shock' films bring about a film that is just that confusion, any smart-smart allusive element that cancels the last, scattering interest. The lack of clarity of the game rules makes it incomprehensible and ultimately bear. Ironically, in the work of such an overrated object, the film's main interest is in its documentary quality, which is a narrative in the real city, whose events take place independently. Such unclear blurring of facts and fiction can create a masterpiece such as "Sans Soleil" or "London", but ultimately you must have a light touch that fits your intelligence.
