Vampires Vs. Zombies start with the news that the unknown disease spreading across America leaves the victim killing and cannibalistic tendencies ... Travis Fontaine (CS Munro) and her teenage daughter Jenna (Bonny Giroux) listen to the radio when they drive along isolated tree roads to try and escape the disease when Travis runs over a boy I assume is a zombie. Slightly down the road, he stops to help Julia (Brinke Stevens) & her teenage daughter Carmilla (Maratama Carlson), who cast their way, at this point there is also a third teenage girl called Tessa (Melanie Crystal). Julia in the back of the car that is related & gagged. For me, this situation seems strange, but Travis, like his soldier, takes all his steps and agrees to take Carmilla out of Julia and I don't really know. So, Trik is a complete stranger when Julia & Tessa leaves. Carmilla seems to be a nice girl, but she turns out to be a Vampire and she likes to bite people and make them Vampires, oh and she's also a part of lesbianism. Travis, Carmilla & Jenna continue to travel, while a boy who calls himself a general (Peter Rugin) who seems to be a Vampire killer and probably has something to do with it, but the movie is such a mess he doesn't really do and I really don't know how to continue this plot sketch if my head just thinks about it ... <br /> <br /> Vammers Vs. Vampires Vs. Zombies is one of the worst horror films, which is one of the worst films. The D'Amato script was probably based on Sheridan Le Fanu's classic story "Carmilla" (he should dig) and has absolute confusion, the holes in the plot and logic are so big that they can run through them! What is a disease that makes people zombies? Why is Carmilla a vampire? Who is Julia with her? Who the hell is general? What does he want? Where is Travis & Jenna? How can Travis control a man and he has no human emotion yet? What is the end of the spiritual congregation? There are also some confusing and unnecessary dreams to further disturb the viewer. There are so many things wrong with this movie, the narrative does not make the blind, the concept is terrible and never explained properly and it is incredibly boring. I have no positive thing about Vampire Vs. Zombies, not one. Forget about zombies fighting vampires, because it just doesn't happen, tell me once again why this movie is called Vampires Vs. Zombies? <br /> <br /> Director D'Amato has earned one of the most incompetent, frightening, ill-conceived and ill-thought-out and forever painful viewing experiences. Vampires Vs. Zombies do not have any redeeming qualities at all, there is no aspect that I can praise. Gore is really fake, there are some bloodstands that look like red water, some very cheap stacking effects, and half a decent climax, where zombies party at Carmilla & Jenna's intestines, this rather delicate scene is probably the best part of the whole movie of a wretched film, but it only lasts a few minutes and in no way does another market 85. <br /> <br /> Vampires Vs. Zombies have to be small, in fact, he even had a budget because most of them are on the road in a few cars. It's one of the worst-made horror films, it's my misfortune to look, the whole thing sucks. Action is predictably terrible, and I mean terribly. <br /> <br /> Vampires Vs. Zombies are just one of the worst films. (V) The title next to IMDbi Vampires Vs. Zoimbies suggests that he went straight to the video, it is too good to be in the trash because it deserves to go straight to the nearest fire.
