First of all, I must emphasize how rare it is that I take the time to comment on the film I've seen, a very special manager for me to take the time to write about how I felt about the movie. That is, from the hundreds of films I watched, I have seen some of the brightest, Shawshank, Dreadful, Women in Black, Funniest, Shark Attack III: Megaladon and now the Worst: Vampires vs Zombies. The first thing to say is that this movie is not funny! For those looking for a light-hearted movie that is just fun or at least so bad that it's funny, look elsewhere. It is true that such a film, as it does not try to be subtle and brilliant, has a title like it should know what you are experiencing. This means there is no excuse for the film to abandon any rule that governs the world of film making. This is not an argument between the traditional film making process and the newer and more "artistic" methods of creating a film, an argument between bad leaders and companies responsible for making horrible films. <br /> <br /> The movie suffers from used words "I don't know where to start." Really all about this movie is broken. There is no reason why a movie should never have a single series of events like Vampires vs Zombies. Some of the following problems are: 1. Scene Disruption - It is clear that the director, the camera team and the actors were not on the same page. In one scene, the scene camera starts at the ground, looking at the car's passenger door. You expect the person inside to leave, but there is, and it is not an exaggeration, at least 10 seconds, at least when the camera is late and the director says "action" where something happens on the screen. The viewer is always looking at the car door, without sound, movement, but stereotypically "dead air" that radio or TV commentators fear. Where was the edit? 2. In most cases, this film cannot be expected to have Oscar winners, but vampires and zombies take the second level badly. These "actors" probably couldn't read their scripts because anyone who had the ability to read and speak would have been able to pronounce these lines better than those fools. My only comparison to showing should be the opening scene of Resident Evil's plan. But this performance was even better. <br /> <br /> 3- Story - Wait for what? Story? Again, you can't expect this to be the biggest story ever to say, but is it too much to ask us to have some sort of narrative? Why vampires? Who are the characters? Who are the bad guys? Are there any good guys? Why are all lesbians? But most importantly, what do you deal with zombies? Once you've seen this movie, you realize what I mean, but for those who aren't ordinary, there's no zombie in this movie, even if it's five minutes. It was almost the same as the director forgot the name of the movie and was forced to throw some zombies without explanation right away. <br /> <br /> There's so much more, but I hope I've done enough to keep someone watching this movie.
