While this is not really such a terrible movie (especially since it was made directly for TV distribution), it is very difficult to point out one aspect of "Bloodsuckers", which is actually original or refreshing. Vampires in the room are not exactly a new formula, and even after so many movies dealing with these monsters in this particular environment, it still doesn't seem like it's an incredibly stupid assumption that may not result in a semi-decent horror film. "Bloodsuckers" even goes a step further and shamelessly imitates every imaginative film that turns to vampires and intergalactic warfare. Plot and characters are stolen mainly by John Carpenter's "Mars Spirits" and James Cameron's "Aliens" because a team of futuristic vampire hunters crushes space and regularly stops mutated species that are uniquely named after the notorious horror icons like Voorhees and Leatherfaces. Good boys are a number of pathetic stereotypes that constantly deal with clichés and debate endlessly insignificant things. Captain Damian is an unpopular beginner who really has to prove his leadership right after he is more or less responsible for the death of the former (and much more loved) Captain Churchill. Other annoying signs are typical cowboy-style and unleash a happy macho pilot, a tough female warrior with more balls than any man on board (he is of Asian origin, like the girl "Aliens" was Latino) and the most valuable secret weapon of the army: Blade-girl! Quintana is a beautiful and deadly vampire who chose people. He's able to see enemies when they're still light for years, and he can do maliciously sexy things with someone's dreams. Finally, they learn to work as a team when they are forced to face the ultimate vampire - Michael Ironside (with another humiliating role). "Bloodsuckers" is an irrevocably stupid film, but manages to attract as long as it contains gory killings, infantile dialogues and OTT makeup effects. It will only be unbearably boring when the disappointed soldiers blame the captain for the eleventh time and bla bla. This movie is a series of endless clichés and hopeless ideas, but at least it's traceable.
