Man has been the farthest of the earth and now he is moving into new worlds. But with the new worlds, ancient evils come ... space vampires. And not just a handful, but whole tribes. In this film (which I saw as "blood towers", but I think "Vampire Wars"), we see what happens when imperialist lands meet imperialist vampires. <br /> <br /> I will make this review very short because it is undesirable for a good review. The best thing I can say about this movie is that it has good b-list and upcoming stars. Natassia Malthe was Quintana and was much more attractive here than "Bloodrayne 2". Michael Ironside is Muco and is always a fan player (as I say, he is a poor man, Jack Nicholson). And we even get Carrie-Ann Fleming's "Damon's wife", who is now horrified by Dario Argento's "Jenifer" named Jenifer. So this film, as bad as it is, hasn't been added to some names ... but the same can be said about Uwe Boll's work. <br /> <br /> The concept of military tracking and vampire killing in space is not necessarily a bad idea, but it easily falls into the "cheese" and this film falls hard. The action, especially the vampires, is up and I just couldn't find the explanations for their existence very convincing. The worst of the vampire tribes are "Voorhess" and "Leatherfaces". I understand that it was supposed to be a spooky reference for fans, but it wasn't at all wise. It just sounded stupid and inappropriate (unlike James Gunn's "Slither" more subtle references, such as naming a store by less known horror directors). <br /> <br /> That's all I want to say. If you can stand a lot of cheese (that day I couldn't and I am from Wisconsin) and want to see the middle actors with poor costumes, the vampires will fight in space (although the "space" looks like any other forest on earth) check it out if you find it. I do not recommend this personally if you can watch other cheese vampire movies (Jon Carpenter's "Vampires") or other cheese rooms. Or maybe even some good. But hey, do your thing.
