I saw it a couple of nights ago, not too unexpectedly and surprisingly, that it didn't give anything too exciting. The Vampire Hunters' Team (V-San, Vampire Sewer), spacecraft relocating periodically, killing space vamps and rescuing people, is pretty sound, and if the film was better handled, it might be something completely ace. Unfortunately, after a fairly decent opening, the feeling of genuine quality begins to flow out of the film, leaving something behind, though freely observable, quite ridiculously bad. I'm not expecting anything special about those movies that appear on the Sci Fi channel, and at least it wasn't one of their creatures that had a terrifying cgi beast, but it was still pretty bad, mainly thanks to writing and acting, but with an amazing contribution to terrible music. When the film simply chose a typical science fiction that sounded in a strange way, it did the right thing, but too often bad bad soft stone invaders and stupidities. I would have allowed the general cheese to show and write more than it was a selection of music that was a serious miscalculation, making things cheesyst lamely comic. The representative was Dominic Zamprogna OK, but the usual hero was more blissful, while Leanne Adachi was quite irritating because the tough girls and Aaron Pearl's harsh girl played another member who wasn't sufficiently written or interesting enough to make an impression. Though she didn't see that as an actor Natassia Malte was good, she was less irritating than the others, and the fact that she was serious about the look. The only serious name cast is Michael Ironside and he is underestimated, although he does nicely, in a pretty amusing way, one suspect was intentional. It looks like he has fun and earn his salary and his role is fun. The effects are generally OK, at least from the average sci-fi TV standards, as well as some bleeding scenes and some fun gore. Things are moving well, and I feel bad about this movie, but then I remember to laugh regularly and realize that if a movie is not a deliberate comedy that I don't believe, it just doesn't. t succeed. Too much is flat, daft, convincing, it's an OK effort I think, but it didn't like me. Only give it a go if you really dig a Sci Fi trash or unwanted smiles.
