Bloodsuckers have the potential to be a somewhat decent film, the concept of military types, which monitors and fights with vampires in space, is one with the greatest potential of things. Even the idea that the universe is full of different vampire sections with different attributes, many of which are still characters, is also cool. As for how most of the life in the galaxy outside the country is a vampire, I am not sure how the creators of this vampire made it work for that purpose. Who the fuck do they want to be when almost everyone is a vampire I don't know. As it is a movie, there is a small budget line for Firefly / Serenity and vampire movies with a dash of aliens. <br /> <br /> The movie's activities are fairly medium and derived (especially Serenity), but acceptable - they are reasonably well-executed and have enough gates for a vampire shock, including some comic blood pressure. There are many things of character, most of which are tedious, resulting from conflict between characters who seem to be mostly shiny, immature arsenals - mostly a cowboy guy and an Asian woman. There are some character scenes that actually work and the participants don't play it too badly, but it slows down mostly things. A nice try to grind the characters, but people don't look at the movie called Bloodsuckers to develop the character and drama. The action is actually in order. Michael Ironside humps it up and it is so fun to watch as ever and at least a few women are hot. The space in SFX is not too bad because it is clearly a low budget. The story is quite a medium and a derivative again, but as I said, the world has little potential. How things are located Bloodsuckers really looks like a pilot on the dynamics of the TV series character introduced by the world but not studied, etc. <br /> <br /> The film has some highlights and head scratches - a stuff that makes these malicious productions traceable. -The scenario where our heroes hear a talking sock-puppet-type creature. Fun. - "Sexual Scene". WTF indeed. -Credit "And Michael Ironside as Muco." The most troublesome aspect of this is the very terrible and usually inappropriate pop music they play very loudly over half of the movie scenes. It is painful to listen and only harm the average at best. <br /> <br /> It's basically okay to see you're a cheese, even if it's just a "chestburster" scene.
