Although the actors were good, especially Fritz Haberland as blind Lilly, the film script is obsessively pretentious and completely arbitrary. The famous theater director (Hilmir Snær Guðnason), who has become blind after the car accident, is in front of himself and his fate. Lilly, being prominent at birth, is a teacher of the blind and wants to see her again. (The blinds see their fingers, nose, and ear.) Here's the movie for traffic; and the longer the road, the closer their relationship, which was predictable from the beginning of the film, develops. The theater director is on his way to his mother (Jenny Gröllmann). His mother lives somewhere in Russia at sea and makes artistic installations - of course, what he should do with others! - And he still lives because he is waiting for his son to die. My God! This is destiny! <br /> <br /> Finally the son arrived! Mother celebrates a great party! On the beach. The wind blows and the pianist plays on the piano in the middle of the dune. Yes, they celebrate their goodbye. The son arrives on time. The mother may eventually swallow the pill administered by her sister. Now, a great artist can die in the hands of his great artist's son, talking about sad reflections while living in perfect German, while the son responds harshly. Because he can't see, his sister doesn't love him - the movie script would have become too complicated! - But looking for Lilly back home. <br /> <br /> In parallel with this journey, Lilly's sister, who is staying home, asks a gawky schoolmate to break up, who first dares to dare. The event is good. Because her mother (Tina Engel) is traveling with Lilly's lover Paul (Harald Schrott). They're for Lilly to bring him back. Paul and Lilly's mother do not love because the film script would have become too complicated. The movie script was something extraordinary from Paul. I would recommend an architect or piano or, of course, famous! When they finally find Lilly, they want to convince him to come back to Paul because he has two eyes and can take care of him. But Lilly felt love for her pupil, theater director; I mentioned that he was even a famous theater director? <br /> <br /> This is German cinema! As you may see in this pretentious production, the German film support fund does not always produce good films because they support such a pseudo-intellectual film. This movie is really embarrassing. I have the impression that the movie script has been put together in cafes and restaurants. Everyone has the right to contribute to the idea. Likewise, Til Schweiger has contributed to some intellectual flash, being a co-producer. This film script reminded me of another German film of absolute pain: "Barfuss" - the title of the spell is not right! "Barfuss" DVD cover proudly writes "A Til Schweiger Film". This film also received films from Filmstiftung NRW, Filmförderung Hamburg and FFA. <br /> <br /> Please do not spoil your time with this movie! There are really good movies in Germany. Watch film directors like Marcus H. Rosenmüller, Joseph Vilsmaier, Hans Steinbichler, Hans-Christian Schmid, Faith Akin ...
