Ghost Town begins when Kate Barrett (Catherine Hickland) travels along isolated desert paths, her car suddenly breaks down and she hears the horse's arms approaching ... \ tRivardon County Sheriff Deputy Langley (Frank Luz) is invited to investigate Kate's disappearance after her father announces she is lost. He finds he's a broken car and drives him out, unfortunately his car breaks down and he has to walk. Langley reaches the abandoned reckless ghost town, much of his shock Langley will soon discover that it is literally a ghost town because it is inhabited by ghosts of former inhabitants and led by evil Devlin (Jimmie F. Skaggs), who has been kidnapped by Kate for reasons he never did explained and it is to Langley to save his and stop the curse of the cities ... <br /> <br /> One and only Richard Governor's casual effort in this strange film is not really a lot of me and I didn't like it so much . Duke Sandefur's manuscript tries to mix the horror and western genres that he doesn't do to have any great effect. Have you ever wondered why there are no more horror Western hybrid films? Well, I don't, but if I asked myself this question, I'd find all the answers in Ghost Town, because it's not very good. These two genres just don't blend it well. There are many clichés, on the western side of things there are innocent townspeople who are afraid that they will stand up, terrorize them, shoot headgear, salon bars with tide doors and prostitutes up and horror wise that there are many horses, some ghosts , ancient curses, dead bodies, and some violent killings. I was just very bothered, I think there's nothing wrong with that if it's just boring and the two genres don't sit well. There are also some holes in the plot, why does Devlin kidnap Kate? I know he remembered his previous girlfriend, but how did he know that and what he did to him? We never know why this ghost town is full of ghosts, I mean what keeps them there and what caused them to come as ghosts? Finally, at the end, where Devlin cannot be killed for just a few seconds after being shot, I mean, why didn't the bullets first? <br /> <br /> The Director's Governor does it well, there is a nice horror atmosphere with some well-lit horse nets, whose standard western city of Hollywood is represented by a central street with wooden buildings lined up on either side. I wouldn't say it's scary because it's not, there aren't many tensions or movies at times, although it's just over 80 pairs of minutes. Forget about any gore, there are some bloody firearms, after two people have been hit by their throat slit and someone is attached to a metal pole and that is the case. <br /> <br /> I would have imagined here the budget was quite small, it was reasonably well done and competent if nothing else. With a credit card, where credit term costumes and kits are actually pretty good. Action is fine, but nobody wins any prizes. <br /> <br /> Ghost Town is a strange movie, I'm not sure who it is for, and it certainly didn't like me. Anyone looking for the West is distracted by twilight fear elements, while anyone looking for a horror film is forever western. It's a little different, but that doesn't mean it's good, it's worth checking out if your desperate, but don't let the gut see it.
