I had a recent spectator experience with Perfect Witness (2007) because the NetFlix recommendation engine suggested that I watch this movie. I probably said at some point how much I liked Michael Haneke, Benny Video. I don't know about you, but this parallel pull caused me emotional emotion and excitement about Thomas C. Dunni's film and made it almost impossible to give up my time. It was this NetFlix computer information recommendation for me that the bar of aesthetic / moral film was set to such a high level that after reflection, something of a film produced in 2007 was pretty much incomplete. <br /> <br /> Having previously replied to the film, I continue to knock this picture as badly executed and banal; and i really hate to do it because i think our boyfriend, Wes Bentley, is not only one of the most interesting young faces in today's cinema, but also one of the most remarkable and underestimated screening capabilities in the US. I'm more than moderately concerned that the poor guy goes between the celebrity ship when he continues for the first time with such film directors. <br /> <br /> Perfect Witness is about Micky (Wes Bentley), who has been living with her mother for about thirty years ("You don't drink again in ya?"), but she is a "filmmaker" or at least a street-level voyeur with retirement to get the Johns coming to Philadelphia's successful backstage with your DVX 100B. There, Micky did his researcher-like exercises with "inadvertently" videotapes for a brutal murder of an unhappy early twenty, with a hand-held camcorder. Thinking that snuff and movies as a cultural currency can be the ghetto (and not the debt of his involuntary friends and relatives who made money for his cruel films) out of the white ticket, Micky approaches the attacker, James LeMac (Mark Borkowski: also takes writing credit) or "Mac Knife"? Which - and kills the murderer's documentary about his murder impulses, keeping it on the perpetrator of the material found with police threats <br /> <br /> The problem with this movie is not that there are no interesting ideas because they do it. Although both writing and direction are amateurish, it doesn't make the film alone. This is because these guys make a rather poor assumption that what they are presenting is a shocking culture context, where almost every person in a free world that has access to a private computer can log on to the web and try to get their small Mac or personal computer attacked. action. No film is more dependent on the value of the shock (unless it is of course ironic, it is a film about torture in animals) and therefore cinematographic images have less and less cultural capital than violence (real or fake) every year. We also have this amazing actor-talent in the lead, a real hip boy: his two-inch beard and skull cap with a small bill, upside down, just like a high school dork who craves for my primary potential interests of love? The same man who now calls himself a "poet". <br /> <br /> Keep me. "I'm an artist," I'm a filmmaker. "Okay. Please do this, continue to shtick, Cronnie. It looks like I bought you a lot of expensive 35mm stock. And go ahead, you can carry all the" creative "solutions, but don't expect your top to answer you, watch your below average character through your two-hour movie when you take down Wes Bentley's career, why don't we just let history tell you what you're doing, the filmmaker boy, and I think history has finally said something like it's probably not good if you think. And yes, the probability is that you will blame your dear ones for ma, finally, as our man Micky, here is the perfect witness, caught up in the blood of your friend and covered with a video camera.
