The second day is stuck indoors, the second is the movie to watch. After all, having finished their Christmas shops in the cold and foggy afternoon, I wasn't going anywhere else to escape the "Earth that time forgot". Or, rather, I had nothing to look at. In 1916, Doug McClure, the bastion of the lead actresses, takes a handful of allied seafarers drowned in the U-boat in the Atlantic. U-Boat (in a scene away from logic and reason) finally finds themselves on a strange island that is untouched by man. Together they explore the earth and discover the dinosaurs and the neanderthals! Can they escape before they change for a while? Despite the fact that these films have been made a few years before Star Wars, these films have different effects. The model shots are a little better than anything that could be expected in Gerry Anderson's "Stingray" episode and the creatures are not much better. When T-Rex (I suppose it was what it was) was killed, it fell like a zombie when you killed them - frozen in the middle by walking and collapsing, hands and feet like a sleeping cow that has been pushed over. Sets are not too bad, but bad functioning and endless explosion noise (which all sounded the same) do their best to destroy credibility and the picture as a whole. The characters are incredible and do not deserve your compassion because they seem to shoot something that moves. Finally, I just didn't care if they went out of the islands, and finally, when the ending ended, I was easier than entertainment. <br /> <br /> Costumes are authentic enough until the cavemen arrive and they are bear-bikini and back. And although it was quite obvious from their actions, you would not have known that some characters were in their accent in German. The whole thing was simply lacking in Polish and cohesion, sometimes leaving the viewer confused and not in others. All in all, this movie barely records the excitement these days, although you may find some little fun when you try to work out where Colin Farrell is. I noticed my name's credit and the party assumed that the baby would appear with an Irish accent and suspicious facial hair. Oh well. There is nothing particularly great to see here, but almost OK if you eat your lunch and the weather prevents further action.
