I stopped watching this movie. I was very excited because I am a big fan of Punk Rock, fear films and spoofs. I was very surprised at what I saw. I knew it was a small budget, but I don't expect it to be taped with a camcorder. It opens with a good song and a great, very underrated band, The Horrorpops, reforming their song where they are driving, and is quickly killed in various terrible ways. This is a great opening. But the problem is that until the end of it was all the film was. Lively performance, death. Another live performance, death. It gets old. And death scenes are intestinal (literally). Why doesn't a killer use other parts of the body like legs, eyeballs or the brain? Don't get me wrong, this movie has some parts that are fantastic. Like the hardcore French band, just known as BERET, the Atticus band, a scene featuring a collaborative and easy-to-plan presentation of the members, has failed to show enough members and Bowling for Supi overweight and proud-guitarist, who kills really fun to save this movie for future observers. But the big problem with this film is comic at first, but after a while there is a terrible lack of talent in many "participants". Especially Warped Tour Creator, Kevin Lyman. He's trying very hard, but I suspect he didn't want to make a movie, but was contractually bound or something. In addition, the sound quality is terrible and the DVD has no subtitles. The film solving plot is very blurry and very casual. something about the magic sword and Lloyd Kaufman as the devil. In the bottom line, this movie has many good qualities, but not enough to be anywhere in a decent horror, music or comedy movie. Although I have to credit it, making me a couple of tapes that I would never have heard, otherwise. Like the tsunami bomb and phenomonauts (crazy, Psychobilly band). I suggest you rent this movie, watch the first 10 or 20 minutes, if you want it, watch the next 20 or 30, if you like it, check out. If not, go to the special features and watch all your music videos and live shows. They rock! Long live Punk Rock and Horror!
