Contrary to my principles, let me first make a conclusion because I just saw this piece of art and I still have a strong impression. The reader is asked to apologize for my stronger vocabulary. "Put me to death, which rarely happens to me. The fact that I paid for it does not change me better, as well as the fact that the film earned a high user rating here. <br /> <br /> What's wrong with the movie? It's a fashionable title - "44 minutes". First of all, "15 minutes", which by the way is a much better film, is still bad in my book, and these two can be compared somewhat. But, as happiness would be, their shared things are their worst qualities. Both of them have Mr Oleg Taktarov, who with his strong Russian accent apparently meets popular expectations and prejudices. His goal is to turn to the Cold War. Ah, do we lose good old times. Now, I don't mean he's a bad actor, I've still decided on his real action, but he's not just a real person, he's an archetype. How can anyone still afford such things is completely out of my understanding. We can recognize contemporary American xenophobia. The film's point where Taktarov explains to his companion that the Romanians are not Germans, and that they are in America, is really ridiculous. Do we assume that the greatest desire of the devil duo is to become a "true" American? <br /> <br /> Then there is the media problem. Yes, it seems that most of what we learn is from cameras, interviews and reporters. The director should have known us the expected 44-minute rhythm. Instead, he carries us all through the film's interviews, like cheap TV shows, trying to invent the wheel. In 15 minutes, the central issue is the media issue. The point is presented in a way that the teacher turns to a blunt student, but it deserves a separate comment. So, I've been trying to identify the purpose of this movie. What is this? To give the audience a good time? Worshiping Weapons? Police to praise? Imagine violence? Oh yes, the officer gives the Bible to a juvenile offender. So must it all promote peace and understanding? I don't believe it, but don't ask me. I only know that I didn't enjoy it. Ah, Michael Madsen. I testify that I'm a big fan. I was hoping he would be a bright point, but I was wrong. But it's not his fault. Finally, comparing "firearms" at the end of the movie with "willpower" is one of the worst features I've ever heard. <br /> <br /> To sum up, on a scale of 1-10, I'll give it clean, without distortion 1.
