This movie can be tagged as a case study. It does not only mean that it marks an unhealthy and non-artistic desire for something that could be called a caco image. The author has the impression that his sanctifying rebellion against some of the general and childishly called social disturbances ("Moldova is the smallest region in Europe", "I don't think one bird flu region", "Romanian people are stealing because they are poor, Europeans steal because they are thieves ") are more or less close to a responsible moral and artistic attitude, but it is very purposeful! <br /> <br /> What Daneliuc does not know is that it is not enough to represent a fair person - you also need professionalism, talent and intelligence to take that position into artistic products. Fortunately, "The Foreign Legion" shows as much sharpness as the family video that Uncle Gogu drunk in front of the guests. The script is chaotic and inconsistent, randomly splitting a variety of semi-objects, illiterate attempts to provide a story. The direction is pathetically dilettant - the so-called "director" cannot build at least a mediocre scene, his shots are annoyingly inconvenient and any sense of storytelling seems to be a complete absence. (Of course, any comment is forced to stop at this level; it would be ridiculous to call the terms "cinematic language", "means of expression" or "style." The actor is positively "Cântarea României" ("Romanian song"), except ... paradoxically, football goalkeeper Necula Raducanu, who is very natural and Nicodim Ungureanu. Oana Piecnital seems to be a real freshness, but it is damaged by Daneliuc's amateur direction. <br /> <br /> The most serious aspect of this decent cinema is the fact that the production received big funding from the state budget CNC (National Council for Cinematography) .The fact that long-term, dead old dinosaurs like Daneliuc are still thirsty for the government udder is understandable (in a market-based economy, they are immediately eliminated by natural selection.) But the so-called "jury" is a corruption that destroys public money for such ridiculously foolish non-artistic, non-cinematic and non-culinary b criminal area.
