Instead of moving linearly from beginning to end, this gay couple's story about what AIDS is about to "orbit" in time to its "perfect day". The film is organized as a life that is remembered in asynchronous fragments, not in a sequential stream, as one direct experience. <br /> <br /> Talking has its lyrical moments, especially describing the effects of expected or experienced damage. Unfortunately, the dialogue has no such grace. The manuscript often forces participants to say that they are stunning or unknown at the moment. At his second random meeting, which has been clearly beaten with one another, sensitive Phillip encourages the reluctant Guy to talk to him about a difficult week. But the moment Guy starts to open, Phillip, the English ambassador, blurs "You're not a fairy of crises, are you?" Later, looking at her lover's naked, twisted body toward her, our beloved young Shakespeare begins to change the moment's beauty with the words: "How do you cut through space ... I can't even describe it" - but there is no oral skill to complete your thought. This generation continues through the Hospice scenes of AIDS, biased with a line like, "What made me think that death would be all clean and tied to tapes?" and "You make Florence Nightingale like Nurse Ratchet." <br /> <br /> Film often suffers from lack of bruising. Unlikely characters are much more looting and steam rolls flatter than they have to be. Phillip thoroughly annoying friends - the arrogant trust and the dweebi needing to wilt - keep the running color of every person crossing their cross. Such a battery can offer the writer many opportunities for smart social comments, but unfortunately, their comments are simply unpleasant, clever or understandable. It is difficult to know whether our screenwriter has deliberately designed intellectually limited characters, or whether he just runs with his perimeter perimeter. <br /> <br /> The plot may be the one you like most and resonates with those who praise this movie. It seriously explores the mid-1980s US middle-class gay life: first-time encounters, encounters, tying, nesting, the complexity of open relationships, friction and breakage, dissolution, physical abuse, approach, forgiveness, terminal illness, death and survival. Stoves Phelan and Spirtas honestly give fair performances to good performances. Their chances of looking good are explained by the chemistry that held the two together, the unknown and the selfish, as well as the chemistry that helped some viewers forget the painful weaknesses of this film. The decision to split the plot into tidbits and their rendering off will return the added complexity without obvious dramatic benefits, and in many cases the consequences of this event and thus the event were unclear. <br /> <br /> Can I recommend a movie? To adhere to literary and technical quality, absolutely not! For a simple viewer who has a serious need for catharsis of AIDS survival or an innocent joy of tear-jerk, maybe a little eye candy will be thrown away. But the better written alternatives that study the effect of AIDS on the relationship between this era are: Philadelphia, the band played, longtime companion, angels in America, early frost, departure, love! Valor! Compassion! and even Jeffrey.
