Bamboo House of Dolls (1973, 1974, or 1977, this year has been awarded for several years) are Hong Kong veteran Chin Hung Kuei (Killer Snakes, Boxer Omen, payment of blood, etc.), imprisoned by the legendary Shaw Brothers. . Yes, even if they got sick with such low-level exploitation, and Bamboo is definitely one of the worst attempts in the genre, even compared to Western trials that are usually pale compared to oriental movies! <br /> <br The story is related to a Japanese war camp, where Chinese women are bad Japanese (what else?) during World War II, violent, abusive and rape. The girls also know the secret place where the golden box is hidden and also that the Chinese military officer (Shaw veteran Lo Lieh), raised in Japan, is now secret among other Japanese and naturally helps girls escape hell. The following are consecutive full of nudity, female kung fu, some unpleasant torture, gore, sleaze, and an extremely offensive Japanese attitude that makes this film a clean and honest garbage that doesn't even try to be more than it is. <Br /> <br /> The Bamboo House of Dolls are hardly interesting elements. Random photography, especially at the end, looks beautiful with its sunbeams and beautiful nature, but that's about the merit department. Fighting scenes are many and always include half naked women hitting and kicking each other. In general, violence is at all quite disgusting between the many bullet wounds, misognistic torture scenes (such as the brutal floor of one poor girl, filled with crushed glass, etc.) and the extremely repulsive end and morale behind it. Of course it is stupid to talk about "moral" when writing such a movie, but there are elements that I do not accept from any film. <br /> <br /> The movie also has nice pleasant turkey elements! For example, a gold box full of heavy gold seems slightly light, because weak and afflicted girls do not seem to have any problems in raising and moving it, not to mention how to throw it! Also, these numerous scenes in the skin struggle make it quite smiling for cinema fans. I've seen the same director Killer-Snakes (1973), which is ten times more remarkable, and although he has many live snails that have been killed in real life, it is also more visually appealing and shows us some displeasure in the second half of the big city and society. It is also obligatory for those who are afraid of snakes. <br /> <br /> The Bamboo Doll House has also suffered from censorship, which is not a surprise. In Europe, at least France, Italy and Switzerland, the uncut version (dubbed non-English) runs in 104 PAL minutes, while in the Netherlands, Belgium and Greece, the published English edition is only 84 minutes in PAL. I've heard that cut scenes are not only violence or other graphic things, but also dialogue and "plot development" and the like. <br /> <br /> The Bamboo Sleeping House is a trash bin that is the hardest and definitely something I would not have liked to see from Shaw Brothers or Hong Kong in general. Some of the films that use the same film in Italy are more interesting and noticeable than using this rather ridiculous, calculated and worthless movie. 2/10
