I usually do not get a hyperbole, but after I have seen Academy awards worth more than two decades, I can honestly say that this year's awards were the worst example of the bad direction, total cruelty and empty stupidity I've ever witnessed as an accident. I'm not talking about prizes myself - as usual, there are many claims about when you agree, who won, who lost and who never got a candidate, but this process is the way it has always been and is as fair as it is is likely. What is terribly unfair is the treatment of the letters and non-letters received by Cates and Horvitz in the name of "reducing boredom." <br /> <br /> It is bad enough that in recent years, anyone who is not Al Pacino has been played for 45 seconds without any consideration of what he said, and what the feeling was behind the statement. But it shows not only the complete lack of respect for cattle candidates, such as cattle, without paying them the honor of showing their face when their names are read, that they lose quietly when they lose, deny them the excitement of walking to the podium and forcing them to read their statements together back to the audience. All these things were done for "non-stars" - no matter that the films would not exist at all without their artists, and that most of them would only have one chance to face their peers and audiences. <br /> <br /> The stars were not much better. It's getting sader than funny when Hilary Swank and Clint Eastwood caliber winners have a few seconds to come up for their calls. Chris Rock, like a host, was not as inflammatory or controversial as the Academy had hoped, or almost as funny as he could be. His opening remarks were almost (but not quite) offensive because Sean Penn made them out and his comments during the show were more harmful than interesting. Of course, he can hardly be blamed if it was clear that it was kept on such a short strap as any host. Finally, Chris Rock was something he's almost never had before: a non-unit. <br /> <br /> Even musical numbers were handled badly. Beyonce sang well, but there was no reason why she should have performed three of the three songs. Another example of the artist's total disrespect gave Jorge Drexler a designated song to Antonio Banderas - although Drexler was present and apparently would not have sung his song based on his winning "speech". <br /> <br /> The efforts of Cates and Horvitz to make the exhibition shorter and faster could have worked somewhat, but it resulted in a lack of life. We've all been made of superfluous products, a self-congratulatory quality that we don't know what we don't know. But it's their night, not us. What is meant for celebration has become an insult to marked people. Cates and Horvitz should, frankly, be ashamed.
