In the 1980s, John Hughes wrote many great comedies. "European Holiday" is not one of them. The follow-up of Hughes' first big hit "Holiday" (1983) is about as predictable, uncomfortable and annoying as they come - no matter how much you love the fool, but romantic Clark and Ellen Griswold (Chase and D'Angelo)) <br /> <br /> I really liked the "Holiday" and also the third film, "Christmas Holiday", 1989, but Griswold's trip to Europe is lucky and forced. Perhaps because it was Hughes' first attempt, which he didn't get, but it's really amazing how intrusive and missing the "European Vacation" is. There's no story: Griswolds won the show to be a "greedy little pig" and goes to Europe through England, France, Germany and Italy. Even with this screw-ball, the physical humor that is the first-brand brand loses all of its effect, as you see it coming, which is part of the director's guilt of Amy Heckerling. The "Fast Times at Ridgemont High" director puts everything up too predictably. <br /> <br /> Maybe Hughes had taken a cheap picture because he was put on a sequel. The "European holiday" is very proud of the insult to the Americans (recalling the greedy little showing of the pig game they win), especially the tourists represented by the Grnwold family. It's also behind you, saying implicitly, "Oh, Griswolds, we'll always get something because our father is an idiot." Then, almost comic with America, ending with a comic, ends up as Griswolds grateful to return to such a better country. When Hughes went to satire and was going to do it in the form of a bad movie, maybe I should have this 8/10 star prize. <br /> <br /> This is not just a misfortune, but a "European holiday" for two of the worst actors playing Rusty and Audrey (Jason Lively and Dana Hill). They are both annoying and unpleasant, uncomfortable and loud oral Audrey bluffs the boy he is behind most of the movie. Hughes goes so far as to make his comment on his absence very great when he looks at the giant bratwurst. Quite delicious. Speaking, the breasts are excluded in two different scenes without good reason (unless it was meant to comment on American love for free comedies). <br /> <br /> I give one of my two stars to the film thanks to Eric Idle from the Monty Python team, whose cameraman is a more fun part of some of the films he's talking about directly from "Holy Grail". When Hughes wanted to find a single film from the only non-American actor as the only funny part, another hat cart for him to open the Hollywood comedy downturn in the 1980s. But would it have hurt him if it was fun?
