I'm a big fan of Pacino movies. He's one of the genres, if not the best, actor. But this film could have been much better even if it was badly cast. All they had to do was talk about Carlito Brigante's story until he went to jail. Instead, it seemed to be just one of the many stories that Carlito could say. All or even some of the questions we had in the original about our past could have been answered. What I'm worried about is the only way to make this movie. Instead, we get that prequel, which has almost any original character, a character that plays a different part from the original (terrible move) and a completely different love for Carlito. Don't even start with Puffy. In no way can this cat be taken seriously as a gangster after watching her dance in all of her artists' videos. At a time when the guy opened his mouth, I waited for him to start dancing. He made me laugh if anything. Mario Van Peeples surprised me with his role. I thought he would give a twilight result because of his recent history. He did quite well. He was probably the most "most believable". Jay Hernandez did his best, but he doesn't have the skills he needs at the moment. However, I appreciated his energy and efforts. Hard to follow Pacinot. The only way you could even have a clue as to what kind of person Carlito was is looking at the original. Otherwise, Carlito looks like a cold bloody killer in one scene and then an endless wimp. He was one of the worst gangsters of his time, but you would only see it in this movie. Perhaps this is a bad way for Hollywood to try and make a second advance notice to get money for this mistake. I wouldn't like the surprise. <br /> <br /> Generally, I thought this movie was good or it might have been. The only reason I gave it was 3 because I laughed a lot and Mario Van Peeples got some respect with me. A serious director would have had to take this film and actually make the story timeline and turn it into a real prequel. I'm very disappointed that this movie wasn't taken seriously. They would have made it into the HBO as a mini-series and would actually tell a story like the original. At the end of the movie they had a nerve to suggest that Carlito should return to the city. HEEELLLLO .... that part everyone wants to see !!! And again, it's just my opinion. I can't tell you how to waste your money.
