Where do I start. I heard this movie came out and I was very crazy. I am a big fan of the original Carlito tea and when I heard about it, I thought it would be like any other Hollywood sequel. I thought it would be bad. The boy was wrong, this film was much worse than I expected. Not saying that all the sequels are bad, but this is a Hollywood problem these days, they make too many tricks and remarks and rush them. It wasn't a theater release, it's a DVD edition. However, in my opinion, there was no reason to do so. When I heard about this movie, I heard later that Pacino wasn't there. It died right away when the movie was good. Why did I check out this movie, then some of you might ask? Well, I was able to see it, so I did. I'm not just looking at movies that have great expectations. I just wanted to see if it had anything relevant. Now that someone who reads it is a Carlito's Way fan, you know that much of the first story is related to him going to jail. <br /> <br /> * VERY MINOR SPOILER * I don't destroy anything because it can actually make you don't want to waste 2 hours watching it in the trash. I say that Carlito Road 2 at the end does not see Carlito in prison. Now, I don't know anything about you, but I would have thought that Carlitos Way's prequel shows how he came to prison. I even had the interest to actually see what happened. <br /> <br /> It's not my only problem with the movie now. An actor who played Carlit did not do too much work, but he couldn't try this movie. There are not even all the little things that Carlito Way fans would like to throw out there. You don't see the appearance of Kleinfeld or other key characters at first, I would have liked to see something like that. What's even worse is that Luis Guzman is in this movie, but he doesn't play the same character he plays on the first film. The big mistake, why he put the same actor on a different character, made the film worse than it was. <br /> <br /> The bottom line, I'm a fan of Carlito Road, this new straight to DVD is a disgrace. If you are a fan, don't look at this movie with high expectations. This film did not give me anything in principle, and it is definitely one movie that I do not want when I pick up or watch a DVD.
