Well I just gave away 95 minutes and 47 seconds that I never got back to this trash. I heard someone online describing this film as a "decent cannibal", and I thought it was promising because I thought it would be like a descent. ERROR! Descent was a psychological thriller with dynamic characters and a strong story. These villains are completely unrealistic and none of them are enjoyable to watch. This movie is not so controversial, I've seen this level in many movies. This movie sucks. SYNOPSIS: A blonde who thinks she is real hot (but she's not), her admirer and her admirer's friend (no, I don't remember their names) go to the forest. Their car breaks. They are cautioned to leave with a single name Mark. The blonde becomes unreasonably hysterical and the next morning they will not find a friend of the admirer. Admirer affects his leg (whores!). Don't worry, he's much more upset if his car doesn't start than when he puts his nails on. After coaxing, the nano-seconds will find help from the blonde leaves. The resulting events that I can't remember. During this and throughout the film, we have shown grotesque scenes of torture that do not contain any substance, including one that made me a gag. The blonde is going to save the mammal from the cannibal house (although everything they see is eating the gut, which would logically be the last choice to eat real cannibals because they contain real food). The blonde finds the mammal hurt and works very (unsuccessfully) to work on tears. Then you can laugh if the blonde is in the house and says she can think of them. Mark (the man who warned them to leave) has a noticeable change when he reveals that kannibals are his family. Then there are some shootings, they leave the house, shooting continues, then a casual man appears and says he's been watching them. Before he is shot, it is shown that we have an inspired scene of acidic trips with more killing. Blonde or his admirer shoots him because he didn't help them. There's more killing, the admirer knows his love for the blond. The camera then covers the mysterious hand. What does it mean? I don't know, hopefully not a sequel.
