Back when X-Files was a smart, thoughtful play. Much of his complaint was that the writers saw their ideas toward folklore and science, linking the plot to the horrible side of real life. <br /> <br /> I was incredibly cautious about the 8th season when he was inciting. The exhibition had already given two very good episodes that threw out ("One Son" and "Requiem"), and the seventh season saw a dramatic increase in episodes that scraped the barrel's ideas that were far from proven, unlikely or even silly. But I thought hey, give him some doubts if they bring it back because they have some big ideas that are lined up. <br /> <br /> "Roadrunners" really were annoying. After the patience, which at least offered an interesting corner in the vampire folklore, that the exhibition was well-prevented, the episode looks strange (alien?) For parasitic hunger, with a reminder of the power that the cultures of Christians have. Oh, and they think it's the second coming of Christ, but you only find it in the last few minutes. Seriously. There is never * any attempt to understand it, to explain what is a slug, why something happens, or something. Even in the early years of the exhibition - actually * especially * then - you can wait a bit deeper, a little background, or if not, then, on the contrary - a little secret, some uncertainty about what it was all about. <br /> <br /> This is Scully, who is actually killing it. You could set up this space with stupidity, but have a character that has been developed for a good 7 years as a rational skeptic who has transformed into a gullible maverick for purely gardening progress. You feel that you are looking at some godawful teen horror, except that it is a woman well in her thirties throwing herself into such a horrible isolated community that she has spent the best part of a decade revealing the bad downhill that either outwitted very stereotypical hicks or totally indifferent to her own safety. Oh, and by the way, Doggett, the new Mudler, isn't around. Scully just looked at the desert to brutally murder him. She will appear at the end to save the day - I don't even remember why - but besides, she's not in it. Again: seriously. <br /> <br /> In short, it seems to be a general script written for another exhibition, or a long-term demonstration of someone's pet film project, which they are allowed to capture like a mutant leech, at a time when it was the most vulnerable . It could have worked in a smaller exhibition where the characters are more archetypal and the audience is waiting less. But X-Files was a good thing, and Scully was one of the strongest and most original TV shows of the nineties. Deciding that you are going to change your personality to make it a story they have to do in Star Trek for fifty times is pointless.
