If you are a signatory of the Underground who says, "Jesus is the answer. What is the question?" Then perhaps you should thank God if you have never met Lacans. Slavoj Zizek, the most evangelical linguists, would definitely change the word "Jesus" for "Lacan / Hegel" in this speech. <br /> <br /> The star of Zizek burns at best, no doubt, because we watch movies in general and pop culture as pure entertainment for our consumption. So it seems impressive when someone - someone - arrives and says, "Hang on, movies can tell you something." <br /> <br /> Zizek's ideas in this film are "true" purely because he says it. For example, Zizek explains that the three Marx Bros are ego, superego and id (God knows what happened to Zeppo or Gummo? Maybe they are sinthome ... or are the films themselves?). It's just what they are. There is no culture to explore in Zizek's output, but simply to be an example of his ideology. People may object that he has something to say - but what is the difference between what he says about Christians who attribute everything to God's will? Nothing. As Zizek believes, they can even be proof. However, it is only cant and propaganda when these examples are separated from their context. Without context, you can tell and prove what you want. Zizek is the answer to Lacan? so he goes and makes this example. Everything except everything that resembles the Master's teachings and culture to serve this ideology. For example, Zizek's example of a voyeur's fantasy position is taken from the Vertigo scene as Jimmy Stewart's spies in the observation store on Kim Novak. But in the context of the film, it is not a voyeur fantasy at all. Stakart has deliberately led Novak there. The presentation of examples isolated from their context continues throughout Zizek's two-hour and half-cinematic sermons. <br /> <br /> His analysis of the "baby wants f ---" scene in Blue Velvet is ridiculous. Just touching what he seems to be a terrible (masculine) truth, "feminine joy," says Zizek, that Isabella Rossilin's character requires not only his deterioration but also unconsciously responsible for the situation. This is an example of his "rejoicing". Well ... maybe. But - sorry to be proactive - where's the evidence? In the film, he partially passes his humiliation, because Hopper has kidnapped his son. Zizek may object to obviously having sex with Kyle MacLachalan. However, this may be due to anything. Isn't it so feminine "joy"? According to Lacan, unlike the phallic jouissance, female joy cannot be articulated, it is outside the language sphere and castration. If that's right, there's nothing you can do about it. It also means that the whole concept is not sensitive and completely mystical. Only dogmatists such as Zizek can name this: "For you, a feminine joy! Why is it a feminine joy? <br /> <br /> What kind of example can really be collected from these films? Only Zizek's psychology. so if she is in the bay with Botega, she says she also wants Rod Steiger? Isn't this someone who spends her life critically? As they say, Freud's Day would be Pervert's Guide to Cinema - but Zizek himself, someone else. <br /> <br /> Zizek's theory that movies show us how we want it to be the right face, but these movies can't be rigorous universal examples of psychoanalytical laws. This movie illustrates how Zizek wants and only extremely vaguely - so that it would be almost useless - the way we want the rest. Because every psychoanalyst knows how we want it and what we don't want, it can't be completely separated - and they can't be universal Zizek's love to do all that is an example of Lacan's answer, bears this: how do we want? like that, that's how I do it. The problem is that Zizek wanted everything and everyone else rationalized his wish. But Zizek is from Lenin and they certainly don't like to let the "subject" speak for himself. <br /> <br /> Pervert's Guide to Cinema is a summary of Zizek's love for dogma and is completely unforgettable, even if it is very political (what dogma isn't?). Zizek has never questioned exactly what his motives might be when starting an analysis, which he is trying to discover, because his research conditions and hence his ethics never question it. <br /> <br Zizek is extremely fruitful, but all his books and this movie say the same. He is a kind of Henry Ford cultural theory: mass production and any color if it is black. He's perfect for today's high-consuming society: allegedly critical, giving people the same c-ap over and over and pretending it's something else. This is popular because people mostly prefer readiness responses to the problems that capitalism always claims to not look at things seriously. What is like a dead brain. For me, Zizek's third Matrix pill is a suicide capsule. <br /> <br /> PS: I loved Zizek's solemn remark, presented as a film and human revelation, that filming movies can have a significant impact on people's sympathy. Did it only happen with Zizek after Jawide viewing?
