This movie is extremely light fluffy, predictable from start to finish. As a Don Knotts vehicle, "The Incredible Mr. Limpet" was much better because Knott's character was not nearly incompetent or unknown. His performance was highlighted, none of his trademarks stood out, although it may have something to do with the fact that most of the film has been replaced by cobweb. Knotts lived as Bob Denver played. It does not seem to break the other types of roles, assuming they were just typical. It was probably due to slipping, wild foam and high voices. John Ritter, with whom Knotts worked in "Three Companies", was able to overcome his genre, branch out successfully into dramatic roles, such as "Oz's Dreamer", but the closest Knotts ever came to play a "Pleasantville" role. Even Leslie Nielsen was here a bad inappropriate, uncomfortable, or straightforward dramatic actor, as she was at the same time, or an actor of a deadly comedy, as she later became "Fly!" and "Police Team". <br /> <br /> Also, the 43-year-old Knotts cannot pass on to a 35-year-old as his character demanded. It was just as ridiculously unbelievable when Tom Hanks played for the College era Forrest Gump at the 38th. <br /> <br /> The film was clearly made in a calculating budget, which saw a very fast movie episode. This is particularly evident in the "urban" exterior images where Roy goes after his dismissal. It is unlikely that the artistry of Mayberry-type art would even be pre-school. <br /> <br /> Even if you look at it strictly as a children's film, it is very disappointing. This is not because it lacks action or special effects, although it works. The pace is too slow, the situation is repeated. How many times can you look at Roy's bus? Children's comedy should be at least sometimes crazy, with attacks, otherwise they risk boring (and also all adults in the theater). Films, even child's films, have not quite improved in the intervening decades. Even many modern comedies were filmed and better written. For example, Disney's "The Love Bug" was at least an interesting competition.
