Maybe it was a title or a trailer (certainly not an interview on a DVD that is directed by the director because he says "hi, kids" into the camera like a buffer), but I had expectations about Virgin bridges Be at least a little fun with some sexual scenes and cruel, bloody killing by the weird Japanese invader. It turns out it's too good or bad, or whatever. The problem is - and this can also be seen in the Italian sexploitation flick Porno Holocaust, which resembles it in many respects - not balancing gender and violence. Too much sex and it becomes a prototypical porn, not even a high quality product with the most professional porn movies! And in the scenes of killing, the creature / killer / any creation must have at least a bit of weakness and perhaps just inventiveness. There are no virgin bridges. It is safe to say that this is a pretty breathless film, even if it is never one of the worst ever made - it is just for the horns of Japanese fetishists to get out of the girls and men in need who have all their brains in their "other" in the case we are given a photo team where the boys take some girls, there is nothing too insidious and then the dense mist they stay for some one night and one by one select "A murderer" as he is credited. First of all, director Kazuo 'Gaira' Komizu decides that he has to put in place a random sexual scene quota - we get the clips of one or more sexual photographers (or called, we make our choice). girls out there. It looks like it's from another movie. When he settled down, there is a "wrestling" scene that is badly choreographed and hit (yes, we really have to see him "all" there) and then rape and kill. First of all, rape by photographers who allow girls some time to do their job. Then there is the murderer who likes the creature of D'Amato, just covered with mud and is given a stupid face and who, for unknown reasons, kills men and / or rapes women one by one. <br /> <br /> Now, the last thing they've taken is to look at the film's most important. But it's like saying that crocodiles are the best part of a deliciously tasty salad. A striking scene, such as an Olympic event (this scene is really kind), and finally a girl with a very sexy girl, whose unimportant name I can't remember. Even * it becomes disappointing because it is not right in the title! Besides, the actors duplicate sexual scenes that become strangers through "Gaira" and his pampering for a long time, where all Japanese censors are blurry (show they think they seem to have enough benefits and need to let them talk about yourself). But the general feeling of Virgin Entrails is a tiny feeling where it is just where you have to cool down and crush (see how the last girl in life, the virgin of the picture), to stop the murderer going for five minutes when she throws You want to do this because "I hate women" mantra to ease or get rid of.
