Satan's little helper is one of the best B Horror films I've seen. When I say better, I mean the story. The film is hatched by a new plot, something that isn't so horrible in Horror's genre - something fresh. But it also has some ridiculous questions. Questions you ask yourself during the movie. <br /> <br /> For the first time I was attracted to the movie when I drove in Horror Horror. I was tired of all the so-called "scary" Hollywood bursts and wanted something else. Satan's little helper immediately covered my attention. As you can see, the picture pulls you in - it's chilling! I knew it was right on the DVD - but I took the opportunity. I thought I saw "Boogey Man" before the evening - so it couldn't get worse! After watching the movie, I was half-satisfied. I loved the plot of the movie. It was really scary how the killer pretended to be a friend of little boys so he could kill. In some sick ways, he thought he and his little boy would become partners - a duo of fear. It was a great idea to put a movie on Halloween at night. In this way, no one thought about a man disguised as a small child. They would just think he was his guardian. But this is also the place where the "holes in the plot" are going to surface. You don't think anything about it - when he was 9! Or around the same age as it. But when he appeared with a strange man in a mask, you would be surprised and protective of your child. You would ask the man to remove his mask and identify himself. You would ask why he is with your son. He doesn't know him. You would tell her to leave. He's not a family friend. He's a stranger. Now we should teach our child not to talk to strangers. In this case, the mother is perfectly fine with it. Ah? They never seem to think it's strange that a "man" doesn't speak at all. They thought it was her daughter's boyfriend, but after 10 minutes talking, she pulled the mask off and asked her why she didn't say the word. <br /> <br /> The movie falls down the hill. The thing that got me the most was that all the mother said, "Do you want a cider?". I can't read how many times she says it in the movie. It's like, you're dying - but we have a cider, that's all good! The film started promising and could not offer it. It was more of a horror / comedy and even that it couldn't be offered. I think you might call it "Dud", "Flop", etc. <br /> <br /> The best film is cover art. Although something tells me it's not worth $ 12!
