I'll tell you first that I've given this idea after 10 in this movie. I gave it directly to 1, but he got a few extra points to count the body. But that would be it. Let me explain. I literally paid 1 pound of this DVD in the supermarket because I have a tendency to fear fear, especially in B-movies. But when this movie set B as I suspect it was for a number of reasons (which I touch within a second), it failed. Not only did he not shoot at B or leave, then he landed anywhere. This film had so many opportunities to be good, and it was pretty much unsuccessful on all accounts. I say above that this film is probably directed to B-status and it seems to be trying to achieve it by trying to mix humor with horror, which can be very good or very bad. For example, Freddy's movies (Dream Warriors from) are Freddy's style and nose-thumbing that works great! But this movie was completely bombarded in this respect because the times when they tried to inject humor were mostly just fools. However, I admit that humor was good at the beginning of the film. In fact, I liked this film for about half an hour and I was ready to congratulate myself on another good finding. But what really killed this movie for me was inappropriate killing. For example, if "Satan" crushes a cat against a table and writes "boo" with that blood, using his body as a brush. Or, if "Satan" hits the door to a helpless elderly woman with a disability. Now, I'm not usually pointless about movie-murders - that's the point, right? However, in these two cases, I have just found that it is extremely offensive and not particularly necessary for film. For me, the film went down from that time. One of the main downside of this movie is that I hated all of its characters. Boy, Dougie was just ridiculously annoying !!! I'm sorry to explain how he could write down all the bodies and people who are killed in front of his eyes! I mean, come on! I fully understand that when a horror movie is played, the character must be somewhat stupid, such as upstairs, when you should obviously yell at the house, but that child took the cookie! I wanted to kill him in the end! It was absolutely incredible and when I had to hear him say, "Duh!" one more time when I hold my head against the wall because it's watching the movie. Why didn't I just turn off the movie? Mainly because I honestly believe that the end can sometimes redeem a movie. But I was wrong in this case. The end did not redeem this movie, it annoyed my hell and was inadequate to plot. I already get it! The killer has always come back, if someone else, this is a stupid boyfriend to welcome to the house and is going to kill again because no one doubts him in this costume! I GET IT! This movie made me physically angry because it was so stupid! And if you look at this movie with some mistaken mistakes, look out for the intestines. To be honest, if this man had the intestines that looked like this, I'd be surprised he wasn't dead yet, let alone someone hang them out and tie them to the chair. <br /> <br /> In fact, I'm going so far as to say that the only one I liked in the movie was actually a killer. Just because his "comedy routine" worked, it worked. All in all, the plot of this film drew something that might have been good. Why was the killer killed? I do not know. I can live without knowing who it really was, it is quite typical, but without some motive - I don't know hell, I would satisfy her bad Halloween as a child! -It just seems more than useless, just stupid. Stupid stupid silly stupid. In fact, I hated this movie so much that I just registered with IMDb so I can comment on it. Save your money, save your peace of mind. Stay away from it!
