This is an "anthology" horror movie. It consists of four short stories taken of Robert Bloc's fiction (who wrote to Weird Tales and were personal friends with H.P. Lovecraft, but is most famous for his original story "Psycho"). The quality of the songs is very uneven and I didn't think the film was very horrible or terrible. It would have been better to do it as a comedy, like "The Comedy of Dread". Only the last of these four stories was really humorous, and this is probably the best of them (Ingrid Pitt). I've seen some of Amicus's anthology films and the only thing that was worth my time was Freddie Francis's Tales of Crypt. The style of the anthology works well for the manufacturers, because it means they can hire a number of "big name" actors, use them for just one week or so, and then bring the next big name. This is how you mainly pay for a 6-week movie term, but the customer has 5 or 6 different names. But it is very unfortunate for the audience, because the audience would like to see some scenes with Peter Cushing, Christopher Lee and Ingrid Pitt, who are actually working together. Instead, they stick to these vignettes by themselves. So, let's take them one by one, briefly. <br /> <br /> The first story is Denholm Elliot, who is doing a truly admirable job of trying to bring his foolish role to the dignity of his own character-terrorized writer. Unfortunately, Admiral Tom Adams, who plays Dominic as a source, is just a fool that destroys all possible horrors. If you want to laugh at it, there is a fun thing like a scene where Dominic kills Elliot's psychiatrist. It is a patented scene where the killer falls behind the victim, but no one looks so the whole audience should shout: "Wait for you!" The second story is with Peter Cushing. God, I love this man so much. Too bad so many of her movies, like this one, pretty much smell. The story he should put on for a long time lost love and sees his resemblance to the wax museum. It's a completely predictable story that goes somewhere. <br /> <br /> Then you have a little Christopher Lee, where he plays a little boy's father who turns out to be a witch. Again, it would have been a little fun if it had been played for a laugh. But instead we should be frightened when Lee beats the child and is surprised when he turns out to be evil. The actor, Chloe Franks, was pretty good in this "Bad Seed" role. The last story is some fun ... Ingrid Pitt plays actress and Jon Pertwee plays an actor who accidentally buys a vampire cup that makes him a real vampire. That's all that the story has to offer. I was surprised how bad the English language of Ingrid Pitt is, I think he must be under another movie I've seen him. <br /> <br /> Not a very memorable movie or suggestion for anyone other than fears.
