The story of the movie is pat and nice. Two women travel through the Middle East and discover themselves. Unfortunately, if you are looking for a movie from the Middle East and Central Asia, it is absolutely terrible. <br /> <br /> The filmmakers are not engaged in research and were incredibly lazy in filming. First and foremost, the wrong in Nuristan, as they were known in the thirties, and indeed since the 1890s and their vigorous transformation from Abdul-Rahman Shah to Agnishan, were not nomads. In fact, they have not been candidates for an Arab invasion in Central Asia four years ago. <br /> <br /> Secondly, Teheran is not a city filmed in Tehran, which is understandable, but the geography of the region. The city cannot be more amazing than the city of Tehran, surrounded by a large mountain range that dominates the views of all cities. <br /> <br /> Third, despite Persian language. it is spoken in Iran and Afghanistan, never heard in the film. If there is a native speaker who does not speak German, they speak Arabic. "Persian" guards at the border, in fact, say to each other "I hadha rujal" (This is not a man) and not "bitter" as it would in Persian. There is also a song of love between the princess of India and one of the main characters in Spanish. Speaking in the garden, one major character says that the Quran uses the words "Ferdos" and "jehan" and refers to some references to drugs. These words certainly do not appear in the Qur'an because they are for Persia for Paradise (indeed, Ferdos and Paradise are very distant among our languages, respectively) and "the World," although Jehan is certainly near Jehennan, an Arabic devil. When they get into the desert in the desert, Arabic is also spoken, although there is no native speaker of Arabic in Iran and Afghanistan, and its use is mainly religious, while at some point in education. If they have stopped in Iran before they reach the border with Afghanistan, they are in contact with all Iranian groups. Their tents are typically bedouins with walls that decorate carpets and a high profile. It is also very rare in Iran that people carry turbans if they are not clergy. Based on the original greeting of "Ahlan wa Sahlan", the spoken language is Arabic. When they arrive in Kabul, the desert, where they are, is sandy, completely different from the rock dirt found in the dry parts of the Hindu Kush mountain area. In summer and spring, there is no light green cleaning that covers the ground. The region has not been fully exploited by the mountainous extreme mountains that have won their name, the Indian killers, due to their heavy and limiting surface. In short, the story is the only thing in this movie that keeps water and it's still a weak and common place. It has no real drawing, just a story of two women who are trying to get to know themselves when they reach Nuristan, but even what is still born and does not know the real development, finally leaving the characters to the end when they were at first and nothing has not changed, except that the Second World War is gone. In short, this is really a bad film that I would have rated on one star, except for the Bedouin and Levand deserts, even if they are improperly marked.
