The main premise of "Miami Golem" certainly deserves the top, saying fifty of the most demented cinematographic plots ever written! I know the top 50 doesn't sound too impressive, but I've seen a lot of really wonderful movies with lunar plots. Something was made for me because Alberto De Martino, who was one of Italy's most ambitious and creative but unfortunately undervalued filmmakers, directed the film. De Martino steals a number of ideas from successful blockers, as most Italian directors did this time, but he always adds a lot of things to make it even more complicated, confusing and overwhelming. Not all De Martino movies are worth it, but some of them are extremely underrated, such as "The Special Magnum Tony Saitta", "The Holocaust 2000" and "The Forms For Murder". The Miami Golem concept includes elements from many of the great Sci-Fi and adventure clips (such as "Alien", "Starman", "Close Third-Party Meetings", "ET", ??), but I don't exactly call it a rip-off. The only thing really stolen from another film is the song of the synthesizer syntheses that sounds almost identical to Harold Faltermeyer's Axel F. "Beverly Hills Cop". The rest of the movie is the tricks of fun fantasy, Sci-Fi, action, horror and superhero. Certainly, this is not always the point (usually it is not), but "Miami Golem" is undoubtedly an imaginative and versatile film that kept my companion and I snowman from start to finish. /> The plot is very difficult to summarize briefly, but I still try. Skeptical journalist Craig Milford tells the story of a German scientist who allegedly discovered extraterrestrial DNA inside a spoiled meteorite and was able to clone it. A DNA cell belongs to the power of an evil alien, which previously destroyed another interstellar race and undoubtedly destroys all humanity as soon as it is large enough. If it is not already problematic enough, Mr Anderson, a wealthy, ordered to steal a slowly growing evil fetus because he thinks he can manipulate it and use it to gain world domination. With the help of some good aliens to hide the earth, Craig Milford is struggling to protect the planet from the evil fetus. Okay, I know all this sounds grotesque and stupid, but I assure you that "Miami Golem" is actually a light and easy to digest flick. The first half of the film may be too hectic and confusing as Alberto De Martino tries to keep the plot secret when using embarrassing red herring. There are subconscious ghostly appearances, supportive characters behave too mysteriously without real reason, and at some point there is even speculation about the lost continent of Atlantis. It is all misleading cushioning material, but as soon as the setting is more or less clear "Miami Golem" becomes the usual 80s original popcorn action movie with bloody massacres, amazing chasing sequences (Florida Everglades!), Explosions, unwarranted slipping and nasty little fetuses monsters in jars. <br /> <br /> Now, I really don't want to give the impression that "Miami Golem" is an Italian business cinema that is lost and undeservedly hidden. Don't make a mistake, it's a pretty bad movie! Events will only become permanent if you accept the foolishness and inconsistency of the plot and if you fail to do so, it is simply the endless firing of negative aspects. Functional performances are painfully terrible. Especially B-veteran John Ireland, like the archetypal James Bond, doesn't seem to be the least interested in the script. You can say about your grimaces and, by the way, how it thinks the whole production has slowed down and just logged into the payroll. Laura Trotter is probably the least sexy female lust, and the person who excelled in the chaotic VHS cover must have felt exactly the same, because the cover-obsessive girl doesn't appear in the movie. What embarrassing it must be for Mrs Trotter. Nonetheless, his completely free maternity sequences are compensated because he is quite hot at the neck. And finally, there is an unforgettable scene where David Warbeck takes off a helicopter from a school bus moving with a normal gun! I don't think even John Rambo can do this while he is a beef Vietnamese veteran and Warbeck's character is a simple TV reporter.
