The rapporteur, Craig Milford, who works at James Keller's Public Telecommunications Center, is an interview with a German professor at Floridia University who made an unknown creature based on some meteor (s). But then the man whose name was Anderson, who is trying to control the whole planet with the creature, and his husband kill the professor and his assistants and the looting creature. Both Craig and her new female psychological partner, Joanna Fitzgerald, who are able to communicate not only with a human being, but also with a foreign friend (s), are beginning to find the creature and try to send it to the alien spaceship ... This movie has some great productions and staffs. For example, this is an actor, David Warbeck THE BEYOND, actor, Laura Trotter of NIGHTMARE CITY, a special creator of visual effects, Sergio Stivaletti's masterpieces of Dario Argento and director (and also a songwriter), Alberto De PHONE HAS THE GAME OF THE SALES AND GAMES INSTRUCTION. And these talented people make an incredibly bad movie called something but not only that of MIAMI GOLEM, which is essentially confused with the combined THIRD-CLOSED SUMMARY movie E.T.THE EXTRA-TERRESTRIAL. And it's not just confused, but also the cramped movie is worth it; genetic engineering with psychological research. Thus, the film has at least one scientific and / or technical error; genetic engineering and psychological research are never compatible. (Strangely enough, in the strangely childish combination of genetic engineering and psychological research, the leading character Craig himself states that there must be a better explanation for the short-haired psyche, Joanna is not and cannot provide any better explanation.) In addition, this film has something more ridiculous; his problematic music. What a composer recognized by Robert Marryna is nothing more than strangely demanding music with BEVERLY-HILLS-COP. I do not want to say that this Italian-language theme of BEVERLY HILLS COP is in itself a bad music, but I have to say that it seems obvious that music does not have any suitability for such a film. Indeed, who can think that BEVERLY HILLS COP is compatible with genetic engineering and / or psychological research?
