Like a "lost Catholic" who had been in the Catholic school for 11 years but has not been in the mass for 35 years, except for weddings and funerals, I thought I'd get out of it. And I did. . . the first two thirds of the movie. It was all common things - strict school lessons, repressed sexuality, and so on. But then suddenly the meaning of the film changed. Really means. Remember, I saw it before the hit of pedophilia scandals. . . and maybe I would not have been so offended by such hateful excavations in the Catholic Church as I would have known about these abominations (Catholic term!) and reflections. <br /> <br /> It has been a few years after renting a video and I don't want to look at it again with a new perspective. It just left such a messy, disgusting, ugly taste in the mouth. . . I don't know what the experience with the Church is for all the participants, because they either hate it or if they were applying for a salary. It is an incredibly anti-Catholic film that offends anyone who has a glimpse of respect for Catholic education. What else I do because there were no better teachers in the 50s. Whatever these nuns did, they forced me to learn how to read and write English. They remembered us. (How many children today can do simple arithmetic in their heads?) The truth is that there is nothing else in America to succeed. Can you read? Can you add / subtract / multiply / divide? Great. You get the desired higher level. And the discipline of Catholic education is right for you, not only when you continue your studies, but for the rest of your life, no matter what you think of the Catholic "mythology" that we all had to learn. > <br /> Such a big casting, such a sadness, a rotten script. I feel bad (and no, it's not "bad" - trust me, nuns taught me better) for the writer and director. <br /> <br /> I thought I had emotions related to the Catholic school. However, the participants in this project must be the bad (ie, foolish) children who sat at the back of the room when they were doing the film.
