The serum begins when Eddie (Derek Phillips) is glad he has received a medical school to continue his family tradition of getting him like his father Richard (Dennis O'Neill) and his uncle Eddie (David H. Hickey), but his joy can be short because Eddie has been involved in the accident and the car is over. The poor in the nearest hospital does not look good for Eddie, so his uncle Eddie persuades his brother Richard to save Eddie with his advanced serum - a serum that gives the recipient a chance to heal himself or any illness himself. Desperate that his boyfriend lives with Richard, but the procedure has unwanted side effects, such as changing Eddie's brain that eats a zombie, which is not just a good thing ... <br /> I have said honestly and say the serum is terrible, serum is one of those non-horror films that are trying to break the rest of any number and get a little more fun than pulling the nails with the pliers. Script is terrible, he has the whole Re-Animator (1985) who feels crazy with scientists using huge syringes trying to destroy death, but it's so boring that it's true, the first forty minutes is nothing but really dull soap opera. that no one expects Eddie to come home after spending some time, and finding his former girlfriend is someone else, arguing with his stepmother, drunk with his companion, and generally a cumbersome audience. So, when the first forty minutes have passed and if you continue to look at Eddie's twenty minutes to revive, then he will kill a few people, the police will end up with him and finish him. Thank God. The serum has no characteristic that a person associates with a good movie, sucking a character, dialogue is bad, it takes too seriously, it's boring, it's slow, it's forgotten, and whereas it's forgotten and given it's a horror movie there alarming lack of blood, gore or horror. Not recommended, did I mention serum was boring? I thought so. <br /> <br /> Director Franke doesn't do anything to revive it, though competent isn't here at all. Gore levels do not exist, there is a little splashed blood, a bitten neck, a few scars in the form of a dead woman, a few scenes where the needle penetrates the skin and that is the case. Don't wait for Re-Animator in the Gore department, because if you do your painlessly frustrated, I really am. A movie, seen from one house, one restaurant and a lab that doesn't have a variety of film, and just looks cheap. There's a couple of nudity scenes, but it's not close enough to save it. <br /> <br /> Technically, the film is not too bad, at least it seems that the right cameras were used, I can't really comment on the special effects because there is no one, but generally speaking, Serum seems to be reasonably professional. Probably fired in Texas, or should it literally read it in Texas? Functional sucking, though again I think they were more like an actor than a director's friends or family. <br /> <br /> Serum is a terrible movie, it's boring, slow, boring, has no gore and looks like a terrible soap opera forty minutes. I do not understand why anyone would feel the need to look at it if they can instead follow the Re-Animator or follow one, seriously suggest you leave the serum. There I have just saved you from the disappearance of 90 minutes of life, later you can thank me.
