"Serum" starts with credits that resemble "Re-animator" movies, and it owes them a lot. The story is very similar; The crazy doctor develops the serum that he believes relieves pain, disease, and death, but apparently he is not a great believer in clinical trials, and so his brains breathe in his zombie with his nephew. Zombie even looks like one from Re-animator, and in fact, some "serum" make-up effects are not bad. Unfortunately, the script in quite a few places is rather slow and unbelievable, as a result of which the soap opera seems to feel most of the first 3/4 of the movie. For some reason, the director is forced to tell us every day when big white letters flash on the screen. I do not understand why it was important that I tried to feel the viewers of the era; sometimes it would be different if the plots on the plot were left. <br /> <br /> There are several moments here that are simply not added here. For example, one victim is shaved with band band, but when we see the victim's head, there is no sign of trauma. In the second scene, the characters run in a fully lit hospital corridor (we actually see light circles on the floor) with a flashlight in hand, looking for the whole world as it walked in the dark ... but a second later the second character moves in the same fully lit corridor without one. These are just a few examples; moments that look like a director or editorial consolation throughout the movie quite often. <br /> <br /> "Serum" is in some ways better than the amount of recent horror video that goes directly to the video. What about technical objects? sound and photography, for example ?? it is more polished in appearance than the amount of DVD that lands. On the other hand, there is still a lot of woodwork (especially one leader figure, a mad scientist!) And meaningless moments that have nothing to do with stopping unreliability and everything that is related to writing and consistency. Perhaps things that people involved in making this movie will eventually experience. One of the problems with low budget independent horror has recently been the fact that filmmakers often made more popular films with bigger budgets and almost no work. This was not the case with "Serum".
