Green Street, as it was called in the UK, or Hooligans is a bad movie. The story is full of fantastic ideas and spaces that everyone living in England has had on a football match or knows that the first thing about football is coming out right away. <br /> <br /> My first main grip with Care is poor casting two main characters. Don't do it wrong, I like Elijah Wood, and I have a great honor for her work, but despite her efforts she bothered to remove that role. The main motivation for his character is anger in the system and hatred for betrayal, but he spends a lot of film quietly and joyfully, showing only his pent aggression in one short scene at the end of the film. What is related to his appearance and body part makes him thoroughly unconvinced in addition to football hooligans. At some point in the film, I was not convinced that a) he could fight against such fraudsters, and b) "guilty" would accept such a person on his flip. <br /> <br /> Another main character is played by Charlie Hunnam. Charlie sees a part and is quite convincing as a thug. Unfortunately, he has shown the worst East London accent in Newcastle Upon Tyne, Northern England, as Dick Van Dyke tried to go to Marry Poppins. Details such as this probably do not interfere with the American audience who are less adapted to the regional break in the UK, but being from the UK, was a problem I couldn't ignore and it helped me destroy the movie. Supporting pains gave convincing performances and were well cast, especially Bover's role. The boy who played this sign would have been much more suited to the main role Charlie played. With such a movie you must convince the audience that your characters are plausible, unfortunately casting failed. Imagine making a movie like Godfather and Sean Hayes (Jack) Willis and Grace played Michael Corleone's part. You would not be convinced. Hooligan's story is also perfect in uncertainty. I'm not a football Hooligan, but I'm a fantastic football fan. I know how a group of 'regular' football supporters can be, because it considers it impossible for a non-football fan who is not a fan of the club, not the area concerned, not even English citizenship, which would be a serious case of a "secret organization". My last and biggest problem with this film is how it depicts football hooligans. I am opposed to the idea of ​​the film that despite very violent individuals, hooligans have been exterminated because they live with a code of ethics in their world and should be admired for being brave and loyal to one another. It's a complete garbage. Football hooligans are perfect. They take football, England's national sport and use it as a pretext for terrorizing, intimidating and intimidating people. They represent only a small percentage of football fans, but give a bad reputation to people throughout the country and to that country. They are not brave or loyal, they are cowardly and evil. If "GSE" in this movie really loved his club, West Ham, why would he dedicate his life to his name. Gentlemen are the embarrassment of football and English society. Football hooligans do the reputation of football that Hitler's reputation for. Although this film is trying to show the "sharp" football violence. It does nothing more than promote it as an excusable action for extreme sports fans. It does not show the poor innocent football players who have destroyed some of the idiots who throw coins / lighters / glass crowds in their day. It doesn't show innocent home and property owners who have to offer graffiti and broken windows. It does not show REAL fans of football clubs who suffer from annoyance and embarrassment if their team supporters are forbidden to travel to European games for competitions or abroad because their culprits violate it for everyone. If you want to see a good movie about football violence, check out the BBC drama "Firm".
