As a fan of science fiction films, I am aware of the Matrix since its publication in 1999. From the little ones I would allow people to talk about, I assumed it was very original and experienced. I'm also committed to Alice in Wonderland. I could never quite understand how I released the Matrix. With the release of Matrix Reloaded soon, it was time to buy a DVD and watch it. <br /> <br /> The disappointment was too great. The matrix assumption (control device instead of film) was smart. The philosophical assumption of parallel worlds, the alternative reality is the core of the boy. However, I would still have bought the film as a scientific literature if it was firmly in the genre. Unfortunately, it became a standard, "whether they can escape, get out, save those who need salvation, etc.". Even worse, it turned out to be another martial arts exercise. The problem is that scientific literature and martial arts are really two different types. For the purest, one or the other devotee, mixing these two doesn't work. It's like mixing science with romance. You may have one or the other, but not both, in the same movie or at least in the same movie in the same movie. <br /> <br /> When the Matrix has such problems, Matrix Reloaded really proved to be a problem. At least thirty minutes of the film were either martial arts sequences or long-term driving. (This observation ignores the question in every professional and negative review of the film: if Neo could do the Superman thing, why struggle at all? The answer is, of course, what draws the young man in the demographic group in the theater.) Then there is the "salvation through love" aspect. Richard Wagner spent more than a hundred years on this piece of equipment. In fact, it was better for him at Die Gotterdammerung. <br /> <br /> So it leaves those who saw the Matrix up again. Fans of martial arts apparently fell through the trick, but understandable sci-fi philosophers. Fans of science fiction wondered why they sat through the kung-fun festival. Most of the audience's males are probably bored with the silly romance aspect of the movie. art or soap opera? Neither of them makes any of them much more or a satisfying film for everyone.
