The first Matrix film was lush with the evolution of an incredible character, wisely with dialogue and action scenes that remained in the stream of the story. These elements - along with the incredible special effects of the day - showed a magical ride that kept you at all times. Enter Matrix Reloaded (and its sequel, Revolutions). The problem here is not special effects or sequences that some may claim; The brothers have taken the first movie from well-developed characters and undermined them like rotten trees. The connection created between first-time viewers and screen marks created in the first movie disappears when you realize that they are not the first characters of the matrix film. <br /> <br /> Morpheus has evolved as a charismatic, philosophical character, where the film has much more than anyone else, but here at Reloaded - we present the second Morpheus, who stands on a hard and hollow, reduced cap to a single layer, contrary to the first face what we see in the first film. This sign just didn't feel the same, and it can also be said about the characters supporting the movie. <br /> <br /> The 'Tank' removal was also disappointing. The tank's participation in the first film was at best minimal, but it played very well. In Reloaded, we discover that Tank dies after the first film events and replaces Jar Jar Binks with a stunt double that couldn't save in his life (think of the outdated box, Kellogg's Corn Flakes). His performance was fooled by me and most of the dialogue he talked about was not timed. It was an overwhelming feeling that he was trying to convey too much of his emotions on the screen or turned off in the script; in both cases, this experience was humorous! Sometimes I felt the actor's embarrassment .... <br /> <br /> Even the neo-divine personality of Neo was suspected during most combat sequences. Alleyway's fight with 200 agent Smith's clone was certainly exaggerated. As a talented man like Neo's talented man, one should be surprised that he would even waste time taking part in such a fruitful and frivolous battle as questions arise (especially if you think his ability to fly or his divine ability to bend the Matrix) would definitely have Neo send clones much faster and more efficiently. Again, such operations are compatible with a script that is obstructed by continuity, and scenes created as fillers to keep us unknown. We miss our expectations of the characters created in the first movie immediately. Unfortunately for those who are expecting more, it is definitely very disappointing for the walk. <br /> <br /> But if you take Reloaded as your normal, mill-based movie and forget about the incredible story of inconsistency and the development of a well-established character from the first movie, you should take a walk, quite satisfied.
