Traceable small semi-liquid but hardly fascinating. Still two or three funny moments. I'm amazed at how sluggish and morally very questionable McNicol is. He plays an invalid (leg problem), but he is not only a "ugly duck boy" forced by men, but he is even a eater - and we need to know him! Oh, poor little McNicol, his leg problem ... Bad little McNicol ??! He is constantly going from men and digs them without even flashing! Once upon a time, he even has a remarkable loneliness with a blonde stud, and then he tells his newly-established French girlfriend quite uncertainly that he took the time to get an erection! It makes us think about why it is so leg-conscious when every man wants to scrub him. Well, almost every boy; the only man who really followed him after seeing his foot hidden from the metal. But otherwise it seems he is doing well with men! There is no shyness, no success for men, and he throws them like toys; the way he drove Carradine was ridiculous. Poor little invalid girl? I do not belive. But we have to believe that this woman has a great confidence problem; consequently, he is a scene where he is preparing to play a flute for a solo concert and somehow manages to throw notes on the spot because of nervousness. Nervousness? The rest of the movie shows little or nothing at all, suggesting that it has confidence problems, so this flute scene is absurd and not suitable for a larger picture. I was also surprised at how quickly and eagerly McNicol's friends married to his French wife. On the surface, it seems that the film is a "sentimental story of one deaf woman's struggle to receive" (or something), but that's not at all; the writer changes clearly to this type of film and "no matter what moves - this is the film of the 80s" - very confusing. <br /> <br /> As far as his leg: it is not like he's a big, calf muscle-growing fat purple balloon. She "only" is a normal-looking metal prosthesis attached to the lower part of her leg, so I really do not understand why the filmmakers try to seem to be a female Quasimodo or something, the beginning of the film. It's not like she's a twin head growing out of her neck! Although McNicol has hardly any big catch. Too smooth, but nothing special, quite average. <br /> <br /> But what does Carradine do, playing some (relatively) smooth man who flirted with McNicol and his palm?! This man was "Revenge of the Nerd"! But I think it's the same thing with Carradines in movies as it is in politics with Kennedys: no matter how ugly, impossible or stupid, all the doors are open to a career in movies and politics. > <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> If you want to read fake biographies of Carradines and other Hollywood nepotists and mores, please contact me by email.
