Another Double Noir Warner Home Video on One Disc and Two Movies Better is RKO's Beautiful 1950 Thriller "Where the Risk Loves". It is a memorable classic classic by Robert Mitchum, Faith Domergue and Claude Rains. Nicholas Musuraca's black and white photographed it closely by John Farrow. "Where the threat lives" is a great example of a picture-making style and should always be remembered for its stylish finish that was Hollywood's past - (see my full review). <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, none of the above praise can be applied to another movie on a disc that is exhausting MGM 1949 stinker TENSION! Wrongly written (Allen Rivkin) and director John Berry is a film full of ridiculous features and unlikely situations. An inconceivable relationship between a light-weight and a witty pharmacist, played by Richard Baseheart, and his openly floating woman (silly Audrey Totter) is completely unreliable and convincing (how they ever came across the earth) somebody's thought. Then, when he "surprisingly" ditches him for one of his playmates (Lloyd Gough) who are our cowards, not euphoric and moon over their new-found fortune, prick revenge and try to kill Gough, but the last minute chickens out. . The man is still murdered and our pharmacist is immediately suspected of murderer detective Barry Sullivan (second blessing). Who killed him then? Well, at this stage of the movie, you couldn't really care less because it was so badly performed and ridiculous by director Berry. Mr. Berry has no idea he'd like to make the pace and he can't even go to style with this thing. Nothing can put him in front of the camera, which prevents you from nodding! The only TENSION contained in this film is a rubber band that reaches the border and gets into the fingers of Barry Sullivan when he gives intro to the movie. So much! The most unfortunate effort! C'est La Vie! <br /> <br /> The best things about this turkey are smooth Harry Stradling's smooth black-and-white filmmaking, the successful result of Andre Previn and the lovely early look of Cyd Char before he found his dance shoes. Hey! Maybe he could have saved the picture if he had given us a few steps and a couple of pies! HH? <br /> <br /> But useful extras include piles containing trailers, comments, and objects for both movies. But the album is worth the RKO Mitchum classic!
