Robin Cook's novel "Coma" was already a successful film in 1978. A few years later, Robin Cook's second-best seller was self-esteem to get a big-screen treatment, but in the case of "Sphinx" almost everything that could go wrong would go wrong. It is a terrible adventure, consisting of wooden performances, stupid dialogue, compelling characters and a steaming pace. The only reason he gets out of the 10-year rating is that the Egyptian background infinitely gives more charm than the story itself. It is hard to believe Franklin J. Schaffner ("Patton" and "Apeside Planet") is the leader of this attack. <br /> <br /> Pretty Egyptologist Erica Baron (Lesley Anne-Down) is on vacation in Cairo when she stumbles across the antique dealer at the Abdu-Hamd store (John Gielgud). Hamdi interacts with Eric and is influenced by his enthusiasm and knowledge. Consequently, he shows him the beautiful and incredibly rare shape of Pharoah Seti I, which he secretly keeps in his shop. The existence of the design awakens Eric's intense excitement, as it can give important clues to finding the long lost grave of Seti I, as great as the discovery of the Tutankhamun grave in 1922. his shop was murdered when Erica quietly looked at her when she met her terrible end. He is afraid of what he has seen, trying to track Erica's treasures. He believes he has helped and hindered his efforts by several other parties, none of whom are truly trustworthy. Because one is Yvon (Maurice Ronet), seemingly a friend, but maybe a man with bad side motives? Then there is the Akmed Khazzan of Egypt (Frank Langella), whom Erica feels a certain attraction, but who can also hide him from the dangerous secrets. <br /> <br /> The biggest problems with "Sphynx" are generally due to the lack of credibility of its total volume. Can't be less convincing than a female Egyptologist below? one assumes she is quite educated and inventive, but she spends all the film helplessly helpless like some busty bimbo teens sliding. In those rare cases where he is not really a potential criminal, he does other pointless things, such as taking Polaroid flash photos in a 4000-year-old grave! The plot is said to be heavy, mainly consisting of revelations and double crosses that can be predicted. You can't even try the movie with a funny but fun-to-air ticket, because the pace is terribly slow. What little activity can be found separates long tedium. Famous movie review: "Sphynx smells!" Never before has a 2-hour movie been summed up in 2 words so aptly.
