This film has nothing to do with Sphynx and the title is just coming. The story concerns an imaginary real and hidden grave in the Queen's Valley, the king of Seth I, the second Pharaoh of the 19th Dynasty, the new kingdom. It's not a bad yarn, and a lot of the movie is done. Even the scenes that took place in the lobby of the Winter Palace Hotel in Luxor Hotel really came out there, not in the studio. The second item in the unit is endless and must be unlocked in Egypt for weeks. Frank Langella is very good as a sophisticated Egyptian. He should disregard it. The film is mostly destroyed by one of the world's most irritating actors, Lesley Anne Down, who plays the lead. He spends the entire movie, wondering how he looks, whether his blue eyes are breaking the light at the right angle, making all his companions lust after him, and so on. If you started your life as a ten year model, what hope can it have for him? ? He illustrates everything that is most reluctant to the woman's mood and darkness. And guess that this movie was directed by Franklin Shaffner, who won the Oscar for "Patton"! She promises to cheer and simplify this terrible actor through the film, hysterical at one point, flirting with the next, idiotic hurricane when she rolls from one person to another, screaming or making her eyes in the bedroom, it doesn't matter. He should be a young Egyptologist. But he's never been to Egypt! He takes a taxi to Giza and catches his first look at the pyramids, blowing in the ecstasy, "But they are so big !!!!" Barf! OK, so it was a script, but it takes the banals too easily, giving the impression that it's a natural element that I don't doubt in a minute. The story elements are sound. There is indeed a serious problem with the black market of antiquities. True! Well done! Robin Cook's novel I've never seen can be all I know. It was nice to see Cyril Swern's name as a sound recorder because I knew her pretty well for a long time. Katharina, a daughter of Stanley Kubrick, is described as a "master". I don't know what that means? Maybe he did some work. Anyway, the film's antique is actually pretty good. And we see a lot of the Cairo Museum and the many picturesque places. They will go to the tomb of King Tutankhamun! I can't imagine it being allowed for the movie today. There are many inappropriate scenes in mosques. It does not disappear well today, but in 1981 such things were not on the agenda. The film's film is absolutely terrible, worse than Lesley Anne Down! But there were astonishingly authentic elements of the soundtrack, one of which was the Cairo traffic noise decouple, which has been precisely altered in the background, and anyone who knows Cairo nervously. The speakers also sound like a prayer all the time, another touch of authenticity. Why didn't they get it? It could have been good.
