I agree with most of the comments I have written. I grew up looking at Seseme Street before many people who have written comments are even born. I was born in 1964, so I was 5 when Seseme Street introduced to television. The exhibition taught me the numbers, the spell (Muppet) and life. I liked all the old characters (Big Bird, Oscar, Grover and Cookie Monster) and didn't understand why they had to change. I understand that everything has to change in some way, but make Cookie Monster a "veggie monster" to promote a healthy diet. The exhibition has introduced new signs and monsters, why not make a separate "veggie monster" that speaks / discusses the benefits of eating a varied diet with Cookie Monster. But back to me. I grew up watching the start of Seseme Street, my 20-year-old daughter grew up looking at the SS with me, and we discussed Mr Haooper's death, even though he was dead before his birth, as well as other topics. I saw an episode as a parent and remember how well they represented this event, like real life. And I'm sure it hit hard because all deaths and losses affect families. You saw it at an exhibition and it allowed parents and children to discuss very complex events. The exhibition has spoken of traditional families, adoptive parents and mixed families. This is one of the few examples that actually discusses these scenarios. I now have a 5-year-old daughter who doesn't really look at the SS. I've been trying to look at the example a couple of times, but that's not what he used to be. Elmo 1/2 hour with Mr. Noodle is completely ridiculous. As many people have said, it doesn't teach anything. It's less than 18 months old (maybe) and isn't even funny. I am always proud to look at an SS like a child, a teen and an adult with my child. Now, on my second lap, I really find it difficult to watch the SS. Topics discussed: death, marriage, non-traditional families, new neighborhoods, returnees were related to children and adults in a way that was easy to understand and associated with people aged 2-99. Now there is no taught concept, minimal reading, just an accidental mention of the alphabet. It's not the same SS, the original observer. PLEASE, if any comments from the producers are read from the exhibition, return this exhibition base. New concepts have never been a problem with SS, they just used a better way to show them.
