If you want to see a movie that is terribly interfering with one Latin country and other Latin countries, Celestine Prophecy is a good example: 1. Perú, not even in the most violent times, hasn't shown politics or soldiers as much as this film. It showed a country like El Salvador as a civil war. Since I am a Peru who lives in Lima (the capital of Perú), it was too funny for me to see the police guards here, there and everywhere. 2. If you have a Perú car and you want (or need) a taxi driver, just post a sticker on the word "Taxi" on your car's windshield and you can drive freely on the streets of Peru (there are taxi companies, but their rates are quite expensive). Your car doors do not need a yellow or black / white square. Well, in this movie, taxis have this band that you can't see in Perus. 3. Peruvian people are not Caribbean-style clothes. For example, when a taxi driver leaves, he suffered a "Guayabera" (Cuban shirt), a white hat and 40 mustache, like Clark Gable. No Peruvian man looks, please! Perú is not a Caribbean island! 4. The scene shows a woman on the street with a pretty long skirt, like Latin American typical folk dresses. Walking is everywhere in Perú and you will never find such a woman if you look at a typical dance. 5. The cast could have been better: I can't deny that Héctor Elizondo is a great actor, but he's not a Latin actor (his father was Basque and his mother in Puerto Rico, but he was born in New York) and his Spanish is not proficient freely. This is the infamous Spanish language is not his first language. There are dozens of very good Latin actors who could have been Cardinal Sebastián. Petrus Antonius (General Rodríguez) was also a bad choice for a "Latin police officer". It was so funny to see Elizabeth and Petronius at General Rodríguez's office. They looked like two English or American students in Spanish class, doing their best to pronounce Spanish. Of course failed. Castulo Guerra was better in his Spanish language. The "Peruvian" officer, who reported Cardinal Sebastián, also spoke a rather funny Spanish language. Peruvian actors are very good, such as Augusto Alvarez-Calderón and Christian Meier (speaking only of two Peruvian actors) who might have been great. 6. I admit that a fictional film can let itself be licensed to invent cities or even countries. But please be careful when creating a name when using a foreign language: The city depicted in this movie was called "Vicente" and not "Viciente". Vicente is a male name and Vicientet has never been used. 7. I disagree with one of the users who says that this movie has been filmed in Perú locations. None of the locations are in Peru, although the production has been used on excessive posters that indicate "Inca Kola", a Peruvian soda. Like some American films, it has to be used in any Latin country. After all, the Latin place for American producers or managers is identical to any other Latin place. 8. In the first scene, when John (Matthew Settle) flies to Perún, he should only reach one international airport: Jorge Chávez Airport (Lima, the capital). In fact, believe me, it must be any airport in the world, but Peru airport. Of course, there are no military or police guards at Peruvian airports. 9. When John takes a room in a Peruvian hotel, it has a fan and probably no air conditioner. Please, this will not happen in a Perú hotel (and in other Latin countries) if you do not get a 1-star hotel! 10. Rebels who fight against the government are ... ¡Colombia! Their accent was undoubtedly from Colombia. To cast them, manufacturers should hire Peruvian actors. In a few words it would have been cheaper filming in Peru. <br /> <br /> I could make more examples of this movie that made me "1" (terrible), but I swam about 20 minutes after it started. But dear manufacturers: this is not a tragedy: a lot of bad movies have little flaws. Remember that "Indiana Jones and the Crystal Skull Kingdom" and the inexplicable Disney's "Emperor's New Groove". The list of bad movies can be endless ...
