I went to see this movie with a crowd that consisted mainly of "spiritual" new age types who, quite unlike me, enjoyed the movie - though according to those who knew this book (probably there is a book that contains more of that crap), there is no movie so good. So, if you have a tendency to think of yourself as "spiritual", then believe or at least tolerate things like "aura" and "astral body" and don't forget to use the word "energy" frequently outside of context physics or technology, you might really like the movie and probably even more more enjoy this book, which is probably based on it. <br /> <br /> But if you are mostly in contact with the physical universe, if your ability to stop disbelief is the nonsense of the New Age and the plots based on it are easily exhausted, if you also have little tolerance to the delicious light effects of spirituality and maybe even wait for a reasonable non-wood dialogue, this is my suggestion for this movie: Stay. Don't even think. Tonight, this film shifted to Dungeons and Dragons as the worst film I ever saw in the cinema (I don't read the movies I went to see that they were bad, like plan 9, etc.). At the same time, it brought together movies that I almost went to (D&D is another). I'm not out on the movies, not even on it, but I should have seen the visual image of the aura, because the New Age BS continues the thickness and thickness of that point. <br /> The plot has a group of people who participate in some of the old prophecies, seeking spiritual enlightenment and trying to bring humanity to the next stage of development. Or something like that. They are actually talking about the spiritual things that are the next step in human development that should make someone who even has the weakest idea of ​​what human evolution is. The film is a shock full of them. Sometimes people radiate what they would definitely call a "second dimension" or perhaps a "second plane" to become invisible to those around them who are not yet enlightened. Eventually, the director patronizes the audience when it depicts the perception of "perceptions", painfully slowly, presumably, so that we can remember them and leave the cinema as a better, enlightened person. <br /> <br /> The movie has good things? Some very beautiful natural shots and some decent Elizondo and de Almeida support. <br /> <br /> I honestly say that it seriously affects my ability to take a person seriously when they consider this movie to be interesting or acceptable. It is indeed the spirituality of the most naïve true joy of life, and if it is not your business then you will do something with your time and money.
