The film provides a rather concise version of what is contained in the book, which, as far as I am saying, doing some research and research, is largely a fiction. In fact, there are no ancient bodies, and when the author was pressed hard, I am sure he must admit that he has never put his eyes on any of the ancient arabic bodies of Peru. These "valuable" texts, which are anonymously written as usual, were destroyed by evil "true hate" in church and local government. It is quite strange because all kinds of New Age craps arrive every year --- hundreds of books, dozens of movies - and the Roman Catholic Church doesn't seem to me to hell to destroy the movement that it is likely to look like me, the whole doody dwarf. I'm not a fan of the church, I mean to you, but at least those ancient texts based on their faith are real. <br /> <br /> This is a typical scam and religious hacker pattern claiming to have seen or translated ancient documents that, unfortunately, were "destroyed", or in the case of Joseph Smith, when he was translated back to heaven. Thus, actual texts cannot be found in museums, such as Smithsonian, or in translations controlled by specialists in ancient languages ​​such as Coptic or Aramaic. It's a scam. In some ways, I admire someone who is smart enough to come up with the idea and make millions out, but I couldn't do it myself because I don't want to mislead the public more about the New Age hockey. > <br /> Sometimes the real ancient text is hidden and lost for years. The gospel of Judas, the Gnostic text, was discovered and discovered by the experts after being acquainted with the carbon and careful study. The Jewish Gospel was called uneven in the 300 CE. No church document from that time mentions any Celestine prophecy as authentic, heretic, or anything else. But the optimism of Celestine Prophecy is based not only on fiction and lies, but on a false foundation-based philosophy, like a castle built on sand. The harsh, ugly, crowded, cruel world of Blade Runner is more likely than it is above Horizon as a utopian hippie community where everything is love and peace! I tell people the truth and they hate me, but tell them what they want to hear, even when the pure piffle and one can make millions. Celestine Prophecy is what the world wants to hear. Too bad is a castle built on sand. Don't do me wrong. I wish God that Celestine Vision was a reality, but it is not. No ancient philosophy at any time expressed ideas given in the understanding of the concept of modern spiritual evolution, which go hand in hand with biological development. These New Agey ideas did not exist or exist in the ancient world until Darwininan Evolution became known. This means that the ideas of Celestine Prophecies cannot be older than the 1800s C.E. and do not go back to the beginning of B.C.E or the time of Jesus Nazareth. This New Ager claim is not unusual at all. Wiccanid call for his magic and magic brand - the "old religion" goes back to the Stone Age, when it is never known that the "Gerald Gardner" who lived in the 1900s and the Aister's friend was a book of shadows. Crowley. <br /> <br /> New Age specialists say lies and claim that their ideas are based on ancient doctrines, when the ancestors throw their nose to the absurds that Gurus proclaimed today. Why do they do what they do, blame such fraud? Easy: Millions of Dollars Must Be Done And Modern Guru Gets Power To His Followers. They compete fiercely and have a strong competition, despite their claim that they love all things. Every New Age group bitter is against others. It's a fight for your senses and wallets. <br /> <br /> But learn something for me that is really similar to one of the concepts, learn to follow your instincts and look inside for instructions. That I can fully agree.
