Even I thought I wasn't the biggest Cher fan, this film was his crowning achievement. The review of such a film has long-term side effects and risks of brain damage, memory loss (and) intellectual damage. A survey of fans of the UK Advocacy Network, conducted in 1989, showed that one-third of the 300 Moonstruck fans surveyed thought Moonstruck had damaged them and 80% claimed to have irreversibly destroyed their minds. <br /> <br /> Cher plays a very un-Cher in this movie, a terrifying young widow named Loretta who lived with her extended family in New York. They are Americans, Italians and always with each other. He's been to Johnny Camarary for a while, a nice mommy boyfriend and he asks him to marry. He says yes. I loved my mother's questions: "Do you love her Loretta?", "No", "Good. If you love her, she will guide you crazy because they know they will. But you like it?", "" Oh yes, he is a sweet man Ma. When Johnny goes to Sicily to take care of his dying mother, he asks Loretta to contact his brother whom he has been strangling for years. <br /> <br /> As Sicily was the birthplace of electrochemical treatment, in 1938, Ugo Cerletti, an Italian psychiatrist, saw slaughterhouse workers who used electric shock equipment to trigger an epileptic seizure in pigs that made it easier to cut their larynx. bones and fractures seemed a little worrying - this is love to be sure, but it is also infidelity, secrets, lonely people and American politics strange behavior by you. The characters, the favorite of the restaurant's cafe BoBost, the aunt and the uncle, his parents and their problems, the old grandfather and his dogs are all well-developed and internal characters. It's a bit of a chick flick, because Loretta stops being a stupid, stuffed shirt and wakes the inner vamp. This is the Cinderella story in many ways, and this is the dream of every little girl that comes from a ugly duck bird to a beautiful swan ... <br /> <br /> Assuming free and complete awareness Consent is a good way to confirm the right of an individual to choose happiness in case of brain injury he wants it. But we can ask ourselves if we cinema fans, though not sworn in any way for any Hippocratic oath, should not offer it.
