Disney has now made a straight line of queues with many of their many animated features. Two of them were made for the 1991 classic "Beauty and the Beast". Well, these are not really a sequel, because both are the first movie events. The first of these two direct-video films was "Beauty and the Beast: Enchanted Christmas", which seems to be quite a few of his theater forerunner fans, but I think it can be expected with success. This second, "Belle's Magical World," is definitely worse. <br /> <br /> The film has three short stories, all of which occur when Belle is in the castle and the place is enchanting. The first one is the "perfect word" where the misunderstanding in the Belle and Beast tables causes problems and does not want to be the first to apologize. The next story is "Fifi's Folly", where Fifi and Lumiere's fifth anniversary is coming and Lumiere is not ready so Belle helps her. But Fifi sees Lumiere Belle practicing romance and thinks they are really in love. The movie ends with "The Broken Wing". With this story Belle takes care of the bird with broken wings, but bird bird is probably a problem when the beast finds it when it hates birds! <br /> <br /> The plot I gave is the original VHS version of Disney's third "Beauty and the Beast" movie. Obviously, there is another story in the DVD version called "Mrs. Potty's Party" but I only saw the original version. However, as I doubt that one story seems to be a classic, I see no point in seeing a special edition. Anyway, the first thing I say about "Belle's magical world" is that the animation is very two-dimensional compared to what we're used to about Disney, which would probably deceive many people. I didn't like the "beauty and beast: fascinated Christmas" so much, but certainly you can't say the same with your animation. I am sure that the stories of "Belle's magical world" can attract many children (mostly younger, in my opinion) and every story is moral, so that they can teach them some valuable lessons. But adults don't really have much in the movie. Personally, I did not find any good humor in it, I found that the constant conflict between Belle and the beast became tiring, and I had no impression of the stories at all (they are not very well written). "The perfect word", how Belle tells the beast, "You're acting rude ... and stupid!" is a bit cheesy, and I think there are quite a few other cheesy moments in these stories. <br /> <br /> By the time this movie came out for the first time, I was about eleven or twelve years old. I don't know what I would have thought of during this time because I had lost interest in Disney by then and it would be years before I got this interest back. Even when this movie was first released, I think I was a bit of a parent group to which it was directed. I've never seen "beauty and beast: fascinated Christmas" just a few months ago, but unlike this movie, I've never heard of it recently, I think just after I saw Disney's first queue in 1991. As far as I like the original theater, I wouldn't have lost much if I never knew the existence of this movie. For young children, I am sure that "Belle's magical world" can be very fun and probably somewhat educational with its morals, but I do not recommend it to adult Disney fans.
