This is correct! On average less than 9 years old, but maybe less than 12 years on another! I was 11 years old when I first saw it on the video, and for such young people I couldn't mention the poor comic quality or the fact that the classic characters we all loved were not the same or good. Here is almost everything so 2D! Belle is, I agree, not even beautiful, but just colored leather, wearing the same bright blue dress all the way, not one glamorous dress, the wardrobe is the least, annoying - my ears can get bleeding if I had her every listen to the day! Lumiere, both in the original and the Christmas edition, was smooth and elegant, but here's her feminine, unforgettable twit! Cogsworth, despite being a nonsense housewife, he is famous, has a complete sh and the least impatient character I would say! He seems to have always found that he is a heavy and heavy square square hole whose face should really be used to return this series to the unforgettable two films! Bad, poor Mrs. Potts did not come to life with Angela Lansbury (one of my favorite classic actor), but Anne Rogers, who did not accept Mrs Pott's character, was not offended by her! Not when he did his best! When the beast worships, it sounds so terrible that the microphone has no additional noises, glows or cracks. I am aware that this is only the third feature that follows two other films, so of course it would not be so good, but I am sure that more contributions from Disney artists who have really achieved such remarkable animation styles over the years would not have been affected. . It's boring, I think, and sometimes I look at it only when it suits me. It's hard for you to recommend reading it because it depends on how old you are, but keep in mind that it's not what you expect from previous remarkable movies! And I think the text on the back cover of my video has said "commendable brilliant animation"! This is a nice little flick, but for one thing it is very bad and secondly, these 3 words should be saved for the next original reopening!
