SPOILER WARNING: This overview contains some small spoilers. Don't read it beyond the first paragraph when you plan to see the movie. <br /> <br /> The Disney Channel currently has one month for movie loading and cable TV. Most of them are mediocre and drab with some good elements, but they are still disappointing ("Megaplex Phantom," Stepsister From Planet Weird "," Zenon: 21st Century Girl ") Every time they're big, they do something really, really big ("Genius", "Others to me".) But once in a while Disney Channel makes a huge mistake and gives us a real smell. This month (December 2000) on the Disney Channel was "The Ultimate Christmas Present", what I thought it was terrible thanks to bad writing and worse action. "Brainiacs.com" was probably rushed out a few days before Christmas to get a vacation, because the plot is related to toys. I thought it had to be better than the norm. I was in for a complete shock. Only Disney's 'model behavior' has been worse than that. <br /> <br /> The plot was much more common. I usually shoot this slide, but here it goes too far Matthew Tyle r becomes very sick of his widow's father who spends most of his time at work. His father owns a small toy factory that has taken out a loan from a large bank to stay. Once and for all, his father and his daughter have to skip the plans that he does with his son and daughter. Matthew decides that the only way he can spend time with his father is when he becomes a boss and tells him to stay home. She gets a hairy idea of ​​creating a website where kids around the world find and send her a dollar to invest in a computer disc that her sister is inventing. This whole concept is full of fraud. When children send millions of dollars, Matthew opens his company's bank account and buys most of his father's stock. He is a secret boss, but he does not publish it to his father, but presents himself at the board meetings as a comic book on his computer. This picture itself is so complicated (and ridiculous) that no one can create it home, much less anyone who is as stupid as Matthew. To make a long plot, Matthew orders his father to spend more time having fun with his children and doing things, but the federal agent shows up on a Matthew company because it is fraudulent. here's a lot wrong. As already mentioned, the things they do here are impossible even for true geniuses that these children do not have. A website, a cartoon, a computer chip, even things taught at school are too advanced for these children. Most cast, especially Kevin Kilner's actions are terrible. Some familiar faces are wasted. Dom DeLuise plays the bad bank owner, but his share has been thrown. He has one good scene with Alexandra Paul (who shows he has the ability to act), where he explains his motives, but nothing else. And Rich Little is wasted as a small judge. There are even some offensive and anti-Russian jokes. But the greatest atrocities are hard-to-grasp subjects. These themes appear in many Disney Channel movies, but never have these ultra-conservative messages become so difficult. The typical idea of ​​an "overworked parent" is indeed heavily pressed and, after being a very powerful gift, "The Ultimate Christmas Gift", sees it again in my mood. Family relationships are important, but Disney must stop this endless preaching, because working is also important for maintaining a working family. Except for the cancellation of activities, the father did not get so bad, but I found it offensive when Grandma said to her: "I don't like what I see." The same is the idea of ​​preaching that all single parents must marry when they want to raise their children. Enter Alexandra Paul, whose character, though important to the plot, is only a father's love interest. This insolvency proves only that Disney's brain trust has no brain to avoid scratching the Disney script barrel. Instead of teaching this movie to children how to make serious fraud, wait for the next Disney Channel movie. It must be better. Zantara score: 1 out of 10.
