I strongly agree with other critics of this film. I found it incredibly silly (at best) and even misleading, false, and harmful (at worst). Like others, I found this film to be a terrible blend of "true" science and pseudo-scientific, New Age propaganda. <br /> <br /> As a psychologist, I was particularly accused of Candace Pert's contribution. True, I was not a fan of his film, but his discourse on "consciousness" of cells was one of the best examples of the concept ("consciousness"), which has a predictable meaning for most people, and which he uses in such a distorted way that it rather conceals than clear do. It's the old Orwell's mind-f ** k that the captain himself described so well in his excellent essay "Politics and English". In order to refer to "consciousness" in this way - indeed, referring to this film as "science-based" (which is its clear intention) - is to use the language in the same way that Stalin uses when his slave states "democratic republics" and Hitler, he called his parties a "socialist worker" movement. <br /> <br /> I do not claim to really understand quantum physics. I know enough about this to find out that you really understand it takes a lot of research. Ah, but we Americans love "instant enlightenment" and that is what this movie's mistake is trying to achieve. If he asks questions, it would be one thing, but it is trying to clearly ask and answer what no film might just do because we are far away, far from the answers (if they actually exist). By the way, ethically, this film needed to give up on the joining of several "expert commentators" with Maharishi Mahesh Yogi (and TM), not to mention JZ Knight, who often speaks with his "Ramtha" voice. (I am always surprised by the understanding of the 10,000-year-old Atlantis supernatural concepts and terminology of the 21st century. But then again, this film claims that the past, the present and the future are all the same, so when Ramtha existed in Atlantis 10,000 years ago, I think that he could exist now and tomorrow, only when his financial advice has been so incredibly bad for his followers? Oh, I forgot that I was a creator of "good" and "bad" advice, so it's all my fault, not Ramtha.) What's the mess.
