Sure no. Extreme NO. This movie is an absolute dude. <br /> <br /> When a friend has told me this is "such a thing," I watched this movie, waiting for them to be informed, changed, moved, changed, any other positive mystical things that could happen to me when i suddenly see the truth. Now it may seem like someone who is already predisposed to the poo-poo, which deals with the metaphysical, metaphysical / physical boundaries of existence. Believe me, I'm not such a person. I'm trying to be open about any presentation and then decide. <br /> <br /> In terms of content, the only thing I could find interesting and informative about peptides, emotions, addiction and cell receptors. It was the only "unifying" element I could find in the documentary part of this film. The rest of the documentary rambles around a number of topics and never seemed uniform and even, did not attempt to tie and conclude. And what was that about the Americans who couldn't see what ships Columbus came from? Who in the film told the "authorities" that it happened in 1492? Where are they? If they had compared it to the research done in visual perception (for example, the famous gorilla video, visit Visual Cognition Labi at the University of Illinois), it may have been a more convincing point. Here, however, it seemed like a mystical mumbo-jumbo that was not supported. <br /> <br /> As a film: it wasn't one movie, it was two. I found that the documentary is somewhat interesting, just to hear how people talk about what they're talking about (I was annoyed that their credentials were not shown at the bottom of the screen when they first spoke). "Story" is part of the movie with Matlin, which is annoying, inseparable, intrusive, not bound and downright stupid. This kind of dance Polish wedding was not a little funny. It was ridiculous, ridiculous, sophomore and stupid. And I found the word "Pollack" offensive. It just seemed so inappropriate and wrong. Is such use okay because a group member uses a pejorative term to listen to a group because he is a member of the group? It may happen to make sense, but it didn't seem to be used here. And in any case, I do not care about what the reason, this offense me, Polish. I never call or refer to my ethnic background as "Pollack". And I certainly don't like it when others do it. Can I watch or listen to the grand conversation in which this term is used? You betcha! But again it didn't seem like that. It just seemed so inappropriate. Hidden, unsatisfactory. <br /> <br /> Working was exhausting. Elaine Hendrix's performance was absolutely incredible. Sometimes it seemed that he just read the rows given to him. Marlee Matlin seemed mostly walking through it all. Perhaps he was confused about the material. I know I was. If he had to depict a frustrated feeling of anxiety, it didn't seem like a click. But the worst in the world was Hendrix! All in all, I found this trapped, poorly functioning trap-trap.
