It seems difficult for the makers of this film to decide what their message really was. As a result, they had even more difficulty with this problem. They started badly by describing the principles of quantum physics associated with atomic particles. After presenting the fuzzy image of Heisenberg's principle of insecurity, they presented a damn head that built a case of ridiculous logic, expressing that every living person is a unit that follows the same quantum rules on a cosmic scale. Then there were many ideas that Stephen Covey and Tony Robbins did in their career: positive thinking, breaking bad patterns, always looking to the bright side, and so on. Next came a little bit about how our bodies can transform our brains into protein production: hormones that we choose more or less. If you are sad, you will create sad proteins. If you are happy, you will create happy proteins. It's just that simple, isn't it? We've come across lessons, following Amanda's fictional life of anti-depression and her hateful journey. The filmmakers tried slowly, but definitely try to tell us all, "Hey, Amanda, just rejoice!" Why can't he bring joy? Of course, this is because the world is a place for BAD, with crime and poverty and religion, and that's why. Making a movie (which is basically the other half) led to a barrier to contradiction. We are all part of the whole energy, where we are not beings, but collective consciousness, but we are individuals who can change the world, but each one of us has a lot of different dimensions, but we can choose who we are and we have a goal do good, but there is no god, because we have nothing better, so there is no such thing as right and wrong, so there is no such thing as a reward or punishment so that nothing has ever come out of religion, but we should still be good do it, though such a thing as bad and good is not because nobody can decide what it is, except that we can all do it for life if we all meditate and then crime ceases and when we say nice things, it freezes our water is in shape. Still with me? Good because there is more. Robert L. Park in his book "Voodoo Science" said that all John Hagelin's meditation experiment in Washington DC was a farce, the numbers were doctors, and the murder rate was higher than a year before or after. And how does your positive attitude keep you young and healthy? It was a message given by an older man who looked at his age and a woman who was overweight. So does it all or not? I was fortunate enough to see a movie in a theater where Betsy Chasse, one of the three directors of the film (yes, three), asked questions after the show. I call myself happy because I had the primary assurance that these people did not know what they were talking about. Several questions to the audience members were so harsh that his wife, a chiropractor, had to intervene. Finally, I had to leave when the discussion inevitably became political, and everyone, including Mrs Chasse, began to speculate on how wonderful the world would be if only President Bush saw this film.
