It was a dirty movie, hopeless and too many open ends to count. I just watched this movie because one of my favorite actors (Ron Livingston) made it home, and I continued to watch it, because as a girl, I love a movie that contains men's nudity for change. Later I found myself wondering how much more ridiculous it is to get the story and every time it got ... more ... ridiculous. <br /> <br /> Sean Crawley (Goodbye Chris L. McKenna, to whom I've never seen before, but LOVE your little naked scene) makes ends meet as a painter when he meets electrician Duke Wayne (George Wendt from Cheers) ). Thinking he's getting more work from Duke, Sean agrees to meet contractor Ray Matthews (Daniel Baldwin, who plays the stereotypically evil guy). Ray is investigated by City Hall Accountant (Ron Livingston, who is in love with "Office Space" to "Sex & the City"). Finally, Ray offers seemingly desperate Sean $ 13k to kill the accountant and Sean accepts the job. Sean pulls out an accountant whose husband (Kari Wuhrer) has attracted him, completed the strike and leaves - taking with him information about Ray. Sean learns quickly that she was used, that Ray never wanted to pay her, and Sean uses this money to leverage her money. <br /> <br /> So far this landing ... is generally worth watching. But as soon as Ray, the Duke and their team attack the Sea of ​​Sony to get him information about the file, it just got a fucking and dumber (and still DUMBER ...) until finally the film's writer Charlie Higson had a 10-day letter-based ghost broke down and realized that he desperately needed to figure out how to hide unreliable confusions ahead of time or something. Just without specifying a movie, let's just say that for each single scene you look at after the robbery, you'll find yourself in "what f ** K!", Which is confusing when Sean follows a fairly graphic and gross path of redemption. Finally, there are so many loose ends in the film that you will regret even looking at it. <br /> <br /> This is a movie that you should watch only after the cable is hit and you should have enough beer and friends to mock the picture for its full value. It should be a psychological thriller, and McKenna is a decent actress, but the brother of the "normal" "Cheers" and "Baldwin" who does the dirty work, and a robbery strategy that really makes no sense. Boys love violence, blood and intestinal scenes and absolutely unnecessary sex and boob shots. The girls enjoy the beautiful fingerprint of Sea, which is filmed in the main film, when it is almost always the girls who shoot down the film. Personally, I hate that the only actor who is worth more than his appearance (Ron Livingston) is only in the first third of the movie.
