Oh, how we got here; such a bad film that your mind wonders and moves to other things, because it wastes your time with anxiously bad product values ​​in the brain; the worst and racist stereotypes from D.W. Griffith referred to the Chinese character of Broken Blossoms as a "yellow man"; Signs that are both unimaginable and indignant, difficult to watch, as well as a narrative that moves so slowly, foolishly, and senselessly that you have a lot of doubts about people who say they like this movie. <br /> <br /> Prizzi Honor is a film that reaches an absolute postmodern catastrophe whenever possible. The film is a dirty and pointless catastrophe that drives John Huston; Kathleen Turner and Jack Nicholson watched and all others who fill the gaps both as stupid stereotypes and as supporting characters that weep over the phone now and again, or bow down to basic education. Prizzi au is a film that encounters the genre of neo-royal, comedy, romance, action, gangster, and general crime? it is put together with its director and cast should be enough to carry it out; sort of a good scene; some kind of intelligence in the form of a scenario or something else but not? What we get is a nasty and ugly movie that circulates around something. <br /> <br /> I'll give you a few examples of how this movie's scary movie really is. First, the film thinks it is a love story and it thinks it is about an hour: MY time. Charley Partanna (Nicholson) is an assassin who kills people from a family working in New York, but at the same time he looks more like an international hit man than one slip across the cove. He meets and loves Irene Walker (Turner), who is another assassin, and they hit it, but when a bad excuse is playing on the plot, it seems that everything is not right. I read that the plot of this movie is: "A professional hit man and a hit woman fall in love to find that they are hired to kill another." Yes, yes, it is true, but the real revelation does not happen until about twenty minutes to the end! Nicholson plays Partan as someone with a 60-year-old IQ: he walks around; seemingly seeing and talking things he sees; he talks like he is drunk or is more serious about everything we have and what we never know he is an assassin? One really badly shot murder early (which actually happens on the screen) is not enough to assume that this guy is hard-wearing, the best of the best, the international strike. <br /> <br /> So the main character who is unlikely and unreal is moving the script. The first hour and a half is just a kinematic dead zone, where there are ever traces of life that are just bad conventions: The party slides on the phone or in person and asks for the same things over and over: "Can I marry him? Do I love him? What is love? What do I do? ”And it becomes so repetitive that it is not even good humor. It was related to how she always seemed on the phone: a girl called Maeros Prizzi (Huston), played by director John's daughter; which was not a purpose for the plot and seemed to laugh as it was in a scene where he tells his dad how he slept with Partanna and loved it? what thought of me, was it supposed to be funny? Should I laugh? The film seemed to be a smart mafia picture introduced to the film with the opening ceremony (under The Godfather) and the ensuing events concerning gangsters, police men and the assassin. But what we get is something very, very different. <br /> <br /> The second hour revolves around a robbery block; right, love and romance dealt? maybe the movie starts. I was so wrong: more characters were constantly speaking very slowly and very deliberately monotonously, we have a robbery with a man who leaves his office: this scene adds up to the film. Everything is briefly planned and then done in heavy hands and stupid, so it just looks like cheese. We cannot see that they reach some dramatic music; maybe they have to go through the security to get to the lifts; Suddenly, they must be cautious of the civilian population when they hide in their chosen places and when this casual woman steps out of the elevator and the blow takes place? the scene is not even correctly modified. Some gaps, some drama: "Can I shoot or not?"; Maybe some slow motion, because the character needs to be done quickly before it's too late? nothing but how it was actually done. Prizzi's honor continues its monotonous and interesting decent film oblivion, as it goes close to its peak. This is a film where cameras reflect windows; The lights are reflected on the sides of the cars and "dead" drivers flash when they are nudged. Prizzi's Honor is a confusing and filthy film that tries out the patients of every filmmaker and doesn't say it was comedy because I didn't laugh at it? AT is another thing. The film is repetitive, drawn and colorless in its vision and originality - there is no honor here.
