After the vision, NEARBY OFFERS, I am still convinced that the first decent film (teen) witches still has to be done. I didn't think much about CRAFT and I'm not in CHARMED. The only movie I enjoyed most about (teenage witches) was LITTLE WITCHES (1996) and even that it wasn't very good. But the change is that if you liked all of the above-mentioned movies, you'll also enjoy average bids. <br /> <br /> I was waiting for a foolish and cheesy early 80s film about high school teenage sorcerers. But I was quite surprised that this whole movie played it pretty seriously. The actor is always decent and serious. Young people do not play teenagers or anything. And the musical score at the beginning thought it was pretty good. He added some fear and something "stylish", using threatening violins and everyone. But as the film progressed, I came to the conclusion that the score was just too ambitious. They didn't have to add those who threaten violins when you see someone who drove behind the car and then rides at normal speed. Then there is Melissa Sue Anderson, who was my main reason for this movie. A few weeks ago, I saw him in HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME, rather a pleasant, thick-skinned (and in some cases silly) film he did in the same year as MIDNIGHT offers. And I have to say he was very good when the icy cold bad witch Vivian. But the main problem with the movie is: almost nothing happens! Vivian causes death and accident, yes, but that is the case. Then Robin, a good witch who just learns his powers. And we assume that two of them will use their powers more than once, but only once will they use their powers to make some pieces of wood and other things fly like a bullet. It was supposed to be a struggle between two powerful witches? And worse, I was hoping to see at least some special effects, burning eyes, or anything ... between the witches at the end of the movie, but nothing happens. Ultimately, there is a confrontation, but it is a great disappointment. <br /> <br /> So the action of the two witches was good. The music point was decent (though too ambitious). And cinematography was occasionally dark and moody. But it doesn't make a good movie, right?
