On the one hand, the corrupt trade unions, on the one hand, and the "Chief Prosecutor", on the other, are not particularly original. Strong, but unimaginable lighting and photography are the result of the fallen ring. The story could have happened to the Warner Brothers drawer with George Rafting. The performances are routine, the direction is even and even dressed. (Below is a plasterboard of a simulated brick. It has one poster. The poster says, "Post invoices.") We are a story and a few portraits telling us that most trade unions are working hard and honest to promote their members' reasons, is some of them are corrupt. But we do not know how they can learn much about the trade unions or their functioning, although I think they were a fair game a few years earlier for the success of "On the Waterfront". Here they are just a story that hangs the story. The true ring leader is a lawyer who drives things through three or four thugs. The District Attorney (or whatever it is) discovers, as Dana Andrews in "Boomerang" did, that the wrong person (Dick Foran) is accused of murder and spends the rest of the movie almost alone, complaining about Foran's evidence of innocence. He gets into a fist fight and fires like a private movie in every cheap movie. <br /> <br /> Brian Keith is D.A. He has shown some consistent examples of talent elsewhere, but here he spends most of the time quietly and looking on the floor. Elisha Cook, Jr., is a pleasant rummy, but can't drink good. Beverley Garland is okay, but it undermines the direction she has in the nightclub if she should be innocent. The rest of the light would be suitable for the TV series. <br /> <br /> Nobody helps in writing. When a "B-girl" is sent by the Allied forces to the Philippines, someone suggests that she should learn only a few Spanish words. "I only know one word," he says, "Si. Yes." Writers have not trusted the audience that "si" in Spanish means "yes". The plot is clumsy and has holes in it. Keith visits a nightclub in his apartment. She enters the door and has a pistol that she strikes behind, but she crosses hard and strikes her. Then someone called the police. The rest of the scene played in a long night club will forget about the police and they will never show or wait for anyone. <br /> <br /> This is nothing to be ashamed of, and some people might enjoy it, but similar things are better elsewhere.
