A group of hunters pursues a werewolf, kills it, destroys it and sells head to an unethical Dr. Atwill (directed by Tim Sullivan, director / writer) who heads a private clinic specializing in corneal transplantation. The research chemist Rich Stevens (Mark Sawyer), whose eyes were destroyed when the acids flew to his face during the explosion of the laboratory, is the miserable recipient of werewolves. The first full moon arrives for a while, so first we get a love story between Rich and his compassionate, big-breasted sister Sondra Gard (Stephanie Beaton). Sondra is so compassionate that she dresses up her clothes and starts riding in bed before she has the chance to remove her ties! After a month of returning to hospital, Rich returns home to stay with his wife Rita (Deborah Huber), who tells her immediately that you will be pretty ugly before you drive to Kia. Our hero will soon discover that Rita is not only a female, but a adulterous skank who has been dealing with her supposed friend Craig (Lyndon Johnson). Finally, the full moon rises and Rich finds himself in a hairy situation when he becomes a (very stupid) werewolf creature. Predicted carnage occurs. <br /> <br /> After Craig's throat ripping on the beach, Rich will wake up his clothes with broken and vague memories of the evening events next morning. He makes friends with the dwarf-psychological / occult expert Andros (Kurt Levi) and is both a local author Siodmaki (Jason Clark) and a lesbian-police-detective-in-a-pants-suit by Justine Evers (Tarri Markel). When Rich meets Dr. Atwill, the doctor sends out his sadistic bald Cat (Eric Mestressa), who can click on his body with a cracking machine. With the help of Sondra, Rich is able to escape. Sondra takes her back and basically rapes her on the couch when it takes about five minutes. Will Rich be able to control his or her lantanthropy or find treatment for it before he claims more victims? With cheap pictures taken with the camera, this flick of homemade werewolves is a somewhat unique prerequisite for eye transplantation, but it clicks otherwise after clichés. Sets are sub-level - clinic scenes seem to be filmed inside someone's home or apartment. Wolves transformation scenes do not even look as good as those used in the 1940s. Instead, they use dirty editing. Throw hair on the actor. Cut. Throw something else. Cut. More fur ... and fill her mouth with the white guns she can spit on. Cut. No need to worry about consistency! Not lost, insoluble, nothing. It's pretty sloppy. When completely redesigned, the werewolf costume (designed by Jeff Leroy, who also edited and photographed the film) is quite terrible. It has red, glowing Christmas light eyes, fur that looks like a shag carpet and a plastic face that is almost completely immobile. Is it possible to see the camera man's finger in front of the camera lens several times and does the moon really stay five nights in a row? As for pain, they are amateur but acceptable. And as for the B-horror clips, there is worse. It is quite busy, just 70 minutes long and offers plenty of red things during attack scenes, as well as the above-mentioned Mrs Beaton R&D. <br /> <br /> He has produced David S Sterling (CAMP BLOOD), who was one of the first to drive a digital video wave as soon as he began to dominate the low budget / independent horror scene in the mid or late 90s. Many of his notorious terrible productions appeared on the Brain Damage Films label to avoid the plague. Fx man Jeff Leroy (who is co-leader of the IMDb but not into the real credits of the movie) and Vinnie Bilancio (who is one of the small hunters) continued to enjoy much more fun and the polished exploits slipped into WEREWOLF'S WOMEN'S PRISON in 2006 with a similar-looking creature (red glowing eyes and all).
