Edwin Porter's 1903 short film "The robbery of the big train" breaks the screen with so much excitement and ingenuity that he prepares that another pioneer is an early film. Just like Melies "A Trip to the Moon", critics have recognized it as a film that introduced the Western genre to the modern cinema. In my eyes, they were right. It was all about planning, the actual heirs of the train, the murder of an unwanted civilian and the threatening last scene that makes you realize that these villains mean business? it was always monumental. Until now, Eastwood has been using any western film by Porter in some form or another to create their own story. It cannot be said that this film did not open the door, but the fight itself comes from the story. The genre was defined by Porter, but outside the original excitement? there really is nothing to grab. Maybe I have clichés stuck by modern western countries and their random messages, but how can something cliché before the clichés? For me, the "Big Train Robbery" seemed forced, unobtrusive and surprising. <br /> <br /> Unlike Melies, Porter says a very linear story. Robbers change the running of the train, abduct it, then randomly shoot people to prove they are a real villain, and the last scene ends like any predefined movie, without surprises or flaws, and this menacing proverb with a gun. This is fun. Porter's film is boring. In the edited edition, there was an end to adding color to emphasize emotions that felt cheap and did not encourage the filmmaker or viewer. The question remains that, while it is important, Porter's film has been borrowed over and over, it has actually become diluted. The story itself does not carry the emotional power that it ever has. Unlike Melies' early films, I can't watch it again. I know what happened, I know that there are very few behind the scenes and that in the end it is just what he has foreseen? A simple story that leads from A to B to point C. This question is not just my film, but also the strongest element in such an early film. Although it was boring, the fact that he talked about such a strong story? that our characters were motives and drives, it was great to see. At a time when nonfiction films seemed to be mainstream, it broke the mold. Again, not because I jump on this movie to a prophetic wagon? is this an important movie? it's not just a great movie. <br /> <br /> In general, I was eager to jump on this movie to see where the roots of the Western genre were planted, but I was just as happy to miss that movie. Porter is a talented director and G.M. Anderson was obviously very successful in the field, but I was just not afraid of the movie. I didn't expect big budget effects like Melies, nor did they expect "A Trip to the Moon", but I wanted to see the same creativity, research and originality. I felt that Porter was playing it safely when it could be said with such an early film, but I didn't feel excited when our villains did their evil deeds. I did not root anyone, and the end result proved that this kitschy-ness had worn off after the movie started. It was a pioneer, but not a monumental one. "The Great Train Robbery" has lost its space in the cinema time capsule. <br /> <br /> Rating: ** *****
