There are no reasons to take this documentary seriously, and there are four reasons for this: <br /> <br /> 1) People who made this documentation (including the director and producer) are Serbs or Serbs, so the criteria of neutrality fail. For example, they mentioned that diaspora-Croatians ("Ustase") played an important role in Yugoslavia in the autumn, but they did not mention that Serbian organizations are equal (Cetniks)! For you who do not know the history of the Balkan World War: the so-called "Cetn" of Serbia, which was documented in a documentary so friendly that they helped the British paratroope during the war. It's just half the truth. They were also a fascist (monarch) group who worked with the Germans, but then turned to the side when Hitler began to lose the war. It is also ironic that they do not mention Catherine's leader Mihajlov in the documentary, who is responsible for killing thousands of people and burning hundreds of villages across Bosnia and Croatia. But they mentioned some Ante Pavelic ... Hm ... Let me be a little suspicious. 2) Most people interviewed are completely unknown to me. And I've been studying this war for a long time (who is an old British lady! She hasn't really done homework) and they haven't even been named by name so they could be more or less someone, maybe someone they took from the street . Who knows. <br /> <br /> 3) The documentary talks about Kosovo and how the Serbs lived there, and that is why it should belong to Serbia (although they are a minority). Well, when they mention Serbia's dominant part of Croatia (Krajina), the Serbs are suddenly depicted as having the right to live there because it has been their home for so long. Good, but what people do not know, is the biggest city in Krajina (Knin) of great importance for the Croatian people. One of the most famous kings of the Croatian history (Zvonimir) was crowned there and therefore the city has a historic value for Croatia. Serbs arrived almost 800 years later! But no, Serbs should have a documentary based on Krajina and Kosovo. Is it fair? It seems to me that the director is double standards of morality. In addition, the documentary states that the Croatian Constitution did not have any laws on minority rights, it is wrong because it was one of the first laws that were implemented because Croatia had a large Serb minority. 4) The film mentions a radical member of the Croatian parameter called Glavas. Or Muslim radical Oric. They accused them of being a huge cause of the negative development of war. Yes, they were radicals, but if you want to talk about radicals, why not mention Serbian radical paramilitary leadership like Seselj and Arkan? There are so many shortcomings that I just made a few of them to get people to see the documentary. It seems that the people who made this documentary were not well prepared and had no criticism of the serge because they feared their Serbian relatives would hit them or something. There are no documentaries that are of high quality, but the best is still the death of Yugoslavia, where all important warring parties are questioned (eg Milosevic, Jovic, Bulatovic, Tudman, Izetbegovic, Karadzic, etc.) and where you can get a full 5-hour explanation of the fall of Yugoslavia. about war. <br /> <br /> Another thing. I saw a commentary on the documentary where a person was disappointed why the US supported a country (Bosnia) with a connection with Bin Laden during the war. First of all, all the countries involved in this conflict were nationalist presidents, and because the Bosnian Muslims had no old ethnic identity (namely, they were called "Muslim Croatians"), they had to raise something other than citizenship. the spirit among the people, and it was by uniting them with the only thing they had in common: their religion. And they took help from Mujahedin because no one else is supporting them. They had to fight the fourth largest army in Europe! They needed all the help they got. Nationality is the best way to connect people during the war. History has shown this to us.
