This is the worst Presley vehicle that would bring us to the worst movie ever. It is moderately worse than even the enchanting "Happy Ending" song at the "World Fair", and here I thought that the moment Elvis buys all of the vendor's balloons for his vendor, the balloon vendor will hit the migrating band as a bad cinema and it was not possible supplement. I usually enjoy a random Elvis, if for no other reason, but memories of the time we were innocent enough to sit. But it should be "Live a Little, Wish You Were Little Little" and "Stay Away Joe" looks like Olivier playing Othello. <br /> <br /> Here is Elvis Greg, who is mainly a hippie freelance photographer, except for the hairstyle of the body. After the morning of an amusing careless ride, she reaches the beach, where she robs her by the name of a woman who changes depending on the scene and who talks to her. It is clear that Michele Carey was chosen on the basis of the similarity and ability of Elizabeth Taylor (if I would look at it without glasses, I would have thought that Liz was playing female lead in the late 1960s). He plays his dog in Elvis until he gets into the water and gets a lung infection of a suitable film, he keeps him doping from consciousness on his beach pad as long as he loses his job and his apartment so that he moves his stuff in his house before he wakes up without even telling her (the audience does not know it before Elvis tries to go back and her boss beat him for no reason, except when she earned it for making the movie, trying to go home and find some ridiculous woman who lives on her own house). <br /> <br /> Instead of being arrested for robbery, robbery, and attack, he goes out and gets two jobs to pay back. when he steals all his stuff. One works at Don Porter's Playboy magazine, the job is on the top floor, where Rudy Vallee works in a snobby fashion magazine. I think mixing two jobs should be a comedy, too bad, that it's not at least a little funny if you don't laugh 100 times when you see someone running up and down the stairs quickly. The overwhelming obstacle that keeps Greg from falling to his abductor is his second interest in love, the terribly dirty Dick Sargent (let's be honest if Porter or Vallee, even if they had an age in 1968, would have done much more to Miss Crazy (trusted competitors). <br /> <br /> There are different interesting and inconvenient turns, I was expecting something, something would happen that would make it all reasonable. He never did it. The entertainment is about three minutes and consists of Elvis A Little Less Talk (which I can listen to from the CD without making this painful movie) and funny for five seconds, where Elvis flops on the couch and Crazy Pants has obviously disengaged so he flies to it. That's it, people, busted furniture, the only ones laughing all over this movie. No mod sixties clothes, music or interior design can save this high sky smell and should be avoided at all costs. Watching this can cause the audience an unnatural desire for self-expression of serious bodily injury.
