When I was seventeen, I really believed that Elvis was a rock and role-king, and not only wanted to see all 31 of his "character" films, but it was also my goal to own them. What an exceptionally bad excuse for the seventeen-year-old who I was supposed to be. Luckily, with little and little life, love was the only Elvis movie I own. <br /> <br /> The focus has recently been on the decline, as the edited version of the A Little Less Conversation song has been released as a single. (Her first arrived in Britain in the top ten in 22 years? The first in UK No. 25) Even when I was seventeen and seriously needed psychiatric help, I realized that the songs in this movie were not exactly the first. However, there are fewer conversations - corners and 60s grooves - a real challenge. Finding a lesser-known song that only a relatively small number are aware that they are being advertised in the mainstream creates a mixture of emotions. It's nice to finally see the faith in songs that are legitimate, but it's also sad to see the breakdown of your private culture. (And what are chauvinistic words. Although other Elvis songs contain the word "delay"?) <br /> <br /> But what really disturbs me about this movie is not a little less talk, just 84 minutes, that's what surround. In fact, it is based on a novel (Kiss My Firm, but Pliant Lips - what would a flat novel be like?), This one boring Elvis, who is with a comedy dog ​​and nymph. Within 90 seconds of the meeting, Michele Carey asks "do you want to love me?" I'm sure you agree with any standards. <br /> <br /> It seems to me that I recall that some of Elvis's earlier films - especially Jailhouse Rock and King Creole - were not too bad, but that is just mountain climbing. Launching a newspaper can lead to a five-minute karate fight with a couple of gingernuts, causing laughter on the highways, and model dresses with pink mermaids. There is even a dream for God. Perhaps the only stupid stereotype that it doesn't meet is that they don't have so many songs. Choosing just four, including the number of credits, you expect an average of 22 minutes between songs. Some movies would become too many stories, but here they would have helped to relieve the pain. Of the other three tracks, the edge of reality is actually not so bad, although Elvis's dance must definitely be called "bear trap". <br /> <br /> In one sense, PG is a film since 1968, and it is shockingly high with sexual content. Unfortunately, dogs, Middle American sitcom values, and the toughest dances you will ever see will live up to the dignity of this movie.
