I thought the film (especially the plot) needed a lot of work. The elements of the film remain in the west and mislead when trying to create an eastern feeling in the film. I will give three films of many mistakes: <br /> <br /> First, when Shen told Wendy that he would help him study Chinese history, I was really happy that the audience would get some information about Chinese history; but it turns out that the film did not show exactly Wendy who actually learned Chinese history; Instead, the film only shows Wendy, who is practicing what he had learned, deceived and made me terribly. <br /> <br /> Secondly, what is bothering me is how the characters mentioned moon-cakes. - Moon cakes it and moon cakes on it and how good it tastes. However, they did not really mention its real importance. The only ones they talked about, which were important for the moon cake, were the autumn festival, which they didn't explain or thoroughly introduce. They could have mentioned a myth that correlates with the moon's shell - the Moon's Lady. The myth begins with how ten suns ever exist and everyone rotates, but one day all ten suns rose, drying the earth with growing intense heat; so the Divine Archer, Hou Yi, fired nine out of ten suns, leaving only one sun (there are different versions where Hou Yi shot eight out of nine suns). Because of his heroic contribution, he was given a pill of immortality so that he could live forever when ten suns rose, but his wife, Chang-O stole it. After that, he stole the escaped moon where he met with a rabbit. Then he came to the idea and told the rabbit that the pills of the whistle in many pieces, so that he could spread the pills all over the country, giving everyone immortality. (There are few variations of this story, but in my childhood I've heard about this version mostly). I thought such details would make the plot more culturally oriented. <br /> <br /> The last thing I would like to mention is the last battle of the movie. The teachers who were possessed by the monks fought against the Terracotta warriors (life-like statues of soldiers), contrary to the idea of ​​Chinese history. Terakot soldiers act as links to China's past, and it was very western (in any case, bad to kill) that the movie monks were ready to destroy that connection. It would be understandable if Wendy, being a Chinese-American for him and not having full Chinese knowledge, had no problems with destroying these priceless items. <br /> <br /> The whole movie was western, because it seemed that all the monks and Shen wanted to be fighting ... I mean, it's rated TVPG because of violence, which contradicts Confucius thinking of cooperation and harmony. It seems more accurate that the monks try to avoid violence and try to work peacefully before turning to violence. <br /> <br /> All, whether all, or one producer, writer or director, did not do their research thoroughly and did dirty and effortless work instead. I would suggest that they either stop the film from being incited or shoot the movie again so that it contains more detailed information; but I'd give him credit (2 stars) to remove one of the Asian and Asian-American stereotypes, being smart and quiet.
