I understand that living in the western areas of Wyoming in the 1900s was brutal, in fact it is probably brutal nowadays, but was it monumental to become a seemingly "television-made" movie? Even during this time, women's rights in this country are still busy to find an independent woman who decided to start fresh in this harsh area, and still show realism of the era? would it make a good look? Honestly, I don't know. I've been thinking of this movie for the past two days, and I still can't get the power to say it's a terrible movie, but I can really tell you that it wasn't the greatest I've ever seen. Of the many hodgepodge styles, up to two inappropriate participants with no emotion, some of the most frightening PG scenes ever coming out of the late 70s are hard to get from Heartland. Was it good? Was it bad? It may be for you to look and decide, but so far there are the moments I enjoyed and desperately hated! <br /> <br /> This movie, in my opinion, continues to be a struggle because there were very interesting scenes. Scenes where I wasn't sure what the director was doing or in what direction he was, but somehow still seemed good overall. I thought the story as a whole was a very interesting, historical story. I don't know much about how to live in Wyoming, especially in the early 1900s, so this movie hit that picture in my mind. The idea of ​​very cold winters, miles of neighbors with miles, and a polaroid view that the business world does not touch. It was refreshing to witness and experience (though on television). There were scenes that seemed to me, such as a cattle-breeding scene, a pig slaughter scene, and a sad homeland who didn't stay on their journey, which was the real realism of this story. Director Richard Pearce did an excellent job of bringing viewers to Wyoming, but I am not sure that he brought decent players with the view. <br /> <br /> While I am constantly praising the film's landscape, I had difficulty coping with the participants who apparently walked on the device and read their lines from the cards on the side. Rip Torn looked like Clyde Stewart, a lonely one who somehow finds a connection with Conchata Ferrelli's Elinore Randall. These two participants have no chemistry at all. The scenes they share are meaningless and honestly irrelevant to any emotion. The pregnancy scene had almost all the seams, because these two "veteran" actors depicted it. Crazy Elinore does what she has to do to get her out of her baby while Clyde gives her approval when she's ready. Is this love? Was it supposed to be love? I don't know, I think with stronger characters we would have seen a stronger bond, but Torn and Ferrell felt that two players were just playing their parts. Other scenes that I just seemed to seem like were a frozen horse "knocking" on the door for food or shelter, constant deterioration, and growing compassion for Clyde Elinore's daughter (I just didn't believe it), a real winter fight and a whole lack of land scene. Especially because I needed more explanation of what Elinore did, why he did it, and why Clyde built his house if they were married! It is these simple events that would have made time for research to have made a stronger film. <br /> <br /> In general, I move this feature to the middle of the road. Certainly, the elements that should have been studied more thoroughly, such as the relationship between the two strangers, and Elinore's supreme home goals, were fought with the beautiful scenes of our people. These panoramic views, which, over 100 years, have turned from huge hills to huge skyscrapers. Although there were some realistic realistic scenes (cow and pigs), I felt like we needed more. Depth was the main element in this film, overshadowed by marginal acts and a diminishing story. Pearce could have identified this untapped world deeper, but left open gaps and western signs instead. Ferrell wore herself, but the Tower was totally wrong. Good for viewing, but I won't be taken again. <br /> <br /> Rating: ** Off *****
