The dream of Joseph L. Mankiewicz does not need a remake. This is a thoroughly well-made film that still stands well. But given that today's remake machine is now in full swing; I really can't say I'm surprised to see that the movie is being updated for today's audience. The plot remains identical to the original film, and its main story is the young man Milo Tindle, who goes to the older man Andrew Wyke to understand his departure, because the younger man interacts with the older man's wife. That's where the cat and mouse game begins. From its clear beginning, director Kenneth Branagh wanted to add a different touch to this film, he does it in a central location that has been turned from the original charming game country house into technical admiration with layers of security equipment. I am pleased that the Director decided to make this change, because no one wants to see that the original is in the copy; In addition, the location is well used and always nice to watch. Unfortunately, the positive elements of Sleuth 2007 have ended. <br /> <br /> The original movie was over two hours long, while this remake is only a shade of eighty minutes. Of course this means that this version has less of it; and unfortunately there are those who suffer. The plot is rushed and we get into the first twist of the story too soon and before we are given the opportunity to actually understand why and how these events happen. The film does not build characters or communicate with each other to ensure their relationship is reasonable. One of the main things that have changed about the older character is his obsession; in the original he was obsessed with games that turned out to be very important when the twists play. Here he has a certain fetish that doesn't mean anything. Kenneth Branagh's film treatment allows for a classic score, but the class ends there. The original flourished, but the film is happy that it will begin to explore itself during many and mostly unjustified events; which depreciates the whole thing. The last twist of the story is completely different from the original and ensures that the film reaches a truly frightening conclusion. After two hours of the original, I realized I respected and liked both of the characters in the movie - after eighty minutes I hated both of them. I have respect for Branaghi for not just putting the carbon copy of the original text; but this is not a good adaptation of Anthony Shaffer's game.
