It has been almost ten years since I have seen the last two phantom sequences - certainly thanks to my still lively memory that they are not very good. It's been recognized today that I'm still a big fan of the first two installments, so I thought I'd go back and experience the "final chapters" again. The third part is definitely the worst in the series, because obviously he takes himself less seriously and gets embarrassed by something that doesn't make sense ... Again, Reggie saves Mike right from where the previous movie left for Tall Man, who allows him to come back later, but things have not been safe for a long time when they have met Jody, who is inexplicably able to belong to the sphere. Obviously, the Tall Man's soul is being held, so Mike is then pulled into an innocent double Dutch, and Reg has to find him ... On his way, he meets a wicking black chick named Rocky, a ten-year-old child and nun, who helps him throughout his journey. <br /> <br /> "Phantasm III" is actually nothing more pleasant than how stupid and vigorously "humorous" he is trying to be. Only one positive aspect that did not even help the film, and it was the return of A. Michael Baldwin and Bill Thornbury, who repeated their roles for the first time after the original 1978 classics. The problem is that they do quite a lot of on-the-spot performances ... Reggie Banister is naturally back in his head, but his bowling, love-sick attitude makes his presence too annoying. Angus Scrimm just didn't seem to have a completely "own" role. He speaks too much here and is far from threatening and horrible, unlike the "quirkiness" that the film seemed to use carelessly. Most people's opinion about this flick seems rather unreasonable and thinks it's still fun. Maybe I'm just too funny, but I just didn't get it. I remember not like it when I was a kid, and after I look at it again - I can safely say - nothing has changed. Don Coscarelli shook the scene with his original low budget, spooky, legendary "Phantasm", which I still move as my favorite horror stroke, and his respected sequel continued to move things dark and surreal and GORY, but the "dead Lord" (stupid title) just looked too much hurrying and bouncing with me ... The addition of two new characters Tim and Rocky (the only one missing was Scrappy Doo !!) was a strong indication that Coscarell's ideas have run out and see how far he can drive a franchise ... <br / > <br /> So it's a "Phantasm" movie with very little gore, nudity, and fourfold barrels. Can I say more?
