Wow, the plot of this movie is everywhere! There are so many parcels and so many things that happen to spin in my head! As a result, none of this seemed particularly plausible. <br /> <br /> The film begins with a housewife living in a small town, Kay Francis. She has experience with local theater and wants to go to Broadway. When the major actor arrives in the city, he continues to hope that he can give him a career. But her husband is worried about shenanigans - because this actor is on the top. So, hubby breaks them and hits the actress - and the actress dies! As a result, he has been convicted of first-degree murder !!! Not killing, but murder 1! Now, Kay is getting pregnant and needs money in New York. But there are no Broadway jobs, so it's forced to work - even Burlesque. She can't care enough for her young daughter. Eventually, however, he finds work in the real Broadway game and everything seems pinkish. But the angry jealous god in the game hates him for some inexplicable reason and forces him to throw the game away. Disgusting, he goes to England and becomes a real star. Years later, he returns to New York to get his child, but the child is older and thinks that the caring woman is his real mother. At the same time, his wife, a lawyer, thinks that if he gets $ 10,000, he will get in jail. As another reviewer wrote, is this a bribe for people?! How else can $ 10,000 bring him out - maybe he'll buy a helicopter so they can fly to the prison yard and shovel him! Wow - it's enough for 2 or 3 movies! And all this with a 45-minute mark !!! Believe it or not, there's a lot more to it. If you really care, look at it yourself to find out how it all works. <br /> <br /> It's like writing a "kitchen sink" - throwing virtually everything and hoping it all works. Unfortunately, despite the best efforts of Mrs Francis, the film is hopelessly unbelievable and buggy. This is a movie that nobody could really record thanks to the second level plot. It's almost like someone just took a few dozen plot elements, threw them in a box and then started to randomly choose to make a movie! All in all, if you are not a fan of Kay Francis or who love something in Hollywood in the 1930s, this is one you can just skip. Not terrible, but certainly not good. <br /> <br /> By the way, a child playing Francis' daughter on returning to New York (Sybil Jason) was really terrible. I think he was supposed to be ... I guess.
