If a man who does not have Alzheimer's does not remember how many films he has made, he is probably the most productive director of the world. This man is the king of Jesus Franco, the so-called Eurobrash. His 1980's Devil Hunter is just as rushed, opaque, stupid, lazy, and exploitative (literally the title of the movie is misleading for beginners) like any other Franco movie I've seen. It makes it amazing and it is ... But Franco has some incredible sensitivity, generously disgusting, nudity and comfort and violence, and even the cheap editing of his fool trying to pave the extreme speed with which all his films were made. A mixture of all these elements will cause you to drive your movies even if you are mostly waiting for them to stop because they are so annoying. <br /> <br /> Fucking hunter for the first half hour. The kidnapping of a white woman who seems to be a model or film star has been integrated with native activity in South America. There's a lot of nude twisting, dancing and endless repetitive enlargements on the tremendous stick. You have to get used to repeated zooming and at the same time to immediately cut the same stroke about three times in a row, as these are Franco's main methods to extend the film to the length of the feature. The Monster, which looks like a totemipol, is actually scary. He has a raw bug in the eye and his presence is always a signal soundtrack by a cacophonous groaning, probably stored in an echo chamber. At the beginning, she sees a local lady attached to the trees and it is hard to know what's really happening here, but I think she ate her belly (or her genitals, sweet Jesus!). <br /> <br /> In any case, the adventure begins properly when a plaque boy is sent to the island and his obsessed Vietnamese veteran boy to restore the white girl of the kidnappers. The Flakey man has an accent that is duplicated on the side of Brooklyn-American, half-Liverpool, and all slowed down. All dialogue and dubbing is ridiculous and ridiculous, changing the second layer of the film, which can somehow keep your interests. <br /> <br /> Not too much really happens here, and it happens quite slowly, with plaque odd a bit of an annoyance like rape. Twilight action is hacked (haha!) In Ari's 360-degree nudity and two female leaders, and even a monster. The fact that he walks with his penis makes him look at the hero of the hero who is struggling to wrestle, but it must be done at some point, and it is nice to note that the director shows someone's genitalia on the camera. <br /> <br /> Devil Hunter's best feature is filming the location. Franco can be very inexpensive in terms of film making with structural and story-related aspects, but he doesn't hit the set. You get real islands, jungles, helicopters and mountains, all on the widescreen. This is something that is really pleasant to experience these days with CGI-kit and backdrops ad nauseam. <br /> <br /> Ultimately, there are some questions when this movie is concerned. If you are trying to see all of the Video Nasties, you will have to watch it at some point and you're as restless as I was. If you like Franco, you still look at it. If you don't fall into either of the above categories, chances are you'll never see this movie. The copies are not just over and I hardly want to look for it. It's Franco. Lazy, crazy Franco.
