If the film has less than five different titles, it usually means several things, and almost always means that the film has big mistakes somewhere. Necromancy has big drawbacks and it's just bad. I saw a video called Rosemary's disciples. Yes, I am sure it is different from other versions, but I don't want to think that it is in some way another version and a few more minutes that may be - better. The story is perhaps the biggest problem: the movie opens when Laurie wakes up and her husband takes her to a town where she has a new job at the occult toy factory (yes, it will get bad early). Lillith is called a city and has a rifle on the label to make sure only the "owner" of the city is selected. Soon we will find that all the people living in Lillith are witches, and everyone is following Mr. Cato, the head of the municipal organization who wants his dead son back (hence the name Necromancy). The town's inhabitants are waking their own kind of things - having ceremonies, some resembling the wearing of a goat's head and promising (there is not really much shown in this area), but none of these people are very good actors. Mr. Cato is playing hard in the film and literally in the life of Maverick Orson Welles. Welles has been misused, but does not make a mistake, he is the best in this movie. And this is really the saddest part of necromancy, because Welles gives poor and pedestrian performance with little guidance. At one party, director Bert I Gordon goes back to Welles, looking at the party's action using exactly the same frame! It seemed ridiculous. As well as the scene that was repeatedly and again seen by a woman who focused on a shock after a car accident. It looked like a shop dummy's hand. The story has never been fully exploited because we never know what happens: many scenes strike like dreams or hallucinations and have never been confirmed. This also applies to the end of the hockey, the hokey. Lead Pamela Franklin is nice and beautiful and has some talents. Other than his performances, the real thin cast of the remaining cast sans Welles. The direction and story was made by Gordon, who was clearly a small gas engine. This is by no means a good film in any way.
