For starters and record, the term "necromancy" describes black magic art to bring the dead back to life and it is in no way related to sex cadavers. It's called a necrophilia, and yes, I know this is an obvious difference, but I already have a lot of comments from acquaintances and relatives that I will perverse the movie! This film is completely opposite to perverted or foolish, in fact, simply qualifies as boring, wrong and terribly bad. "Necromancy" makes at least one list of the top five, namely the most confused movies! Now, the director Bert I. Gordon is not well-known for his masterpieces (his repertoire includes titles such as "Earth vs Spider", "King Dinosaurus" and "Food Gods"), but he really surpassed himself here in a completely useless, superfluous and utterly pointless a story of witchcraft and secret small towns. Soon after the tragic experience of seeing their child died, Lori and his wife Frank moved to a quiet town in Lillith, where Frank suddenly offered a remarkable job in the toy industry. Lori is suspicious and feels ill in the atmosphere, especially in the city patriarch and "owner" who behaves very embarrassingly and mysteriously. This is another thing. How can someone "live in" the city and everyone in it? In both cases, Lori gradually discovers that everything in Lillith is a witch and Mr Cato attracted him only because of his supernatural ability to rise to the dead. For several years, Cato has been trying to bring his dead son to life, and he is ready to make human sacrifices. I don't see the whole point of the movie honestly. Is this a "Rosemary baby" blatant blasting? one of the alternates is even "Rosemary's disciples"? but the script is confusing and incredible. Why isn't anyone allowed to have children as long as Cato's son is dead? It's just very selfish! When, where and how did Lori suddenly learn to awaken the dead? "Necromancy" certainly includes some really unpleasant and atmospheric moments, but they are unintentionally achieved by either total coincidence or the complete absence of a budget. Terrible photography gives the film a frightening atmosphere and the kits are cheap enough to be horrible. Orson Welles Performance? undoubtedly a low point in his career? is merciful and it is still the best aspect of the whole movie.
