The only previous Gordon movie I watched was the child's adventure THE MAGIC SWORD (1962), although I followed it soon after EMPIRE OF THE ANTS (1977); however, it seems to be the most memorable work of the 1950s sci-fi. <br /> <br /> Anyway, I happened to have this after a DVD store: haven't I noticed that Orson Welles' unmistakable number of sleeves wouldn't have even bothered me - because I know the movie under its original title NECROMANCY! I still saw it in my father's old horror: the actor's presence in a film about diabolism seemed like a great idea that could not be missed, but the end result - especially in this bastardized edition - is a disaster! Honestly I felt that Welles, who looks bored, and not in his deep and leading voice, breaks his own demonic inoculations almost whispering! Basically, the plot is yet another reproduction of ROSEMARY'S BABY (1968): the couple is called to a distant community with an uneven pretext and soon they are discovered by diabolists. The girl played by Pamela Franklin apparently has supernatural abilities (passed from her mother who appears alternately all the time to warn her - though, as has been shown through compressed teeth, the speeches of the latter are largely contradictory and surprisingly enormously fun every time she appears! ) and is expected to revive Welles' dead son from the dead! What is worth, Franklin - a genre that is regular, right from his debut exhibition INNOKENTIDES (1961) - is not bad in his role (which requires some nudity and experiences a number of semi-bad hallucinations during the film); Ukko Michael Ontkean, however, is not facing a challenge of a similar nature to John Cassavets. Some other girls also look good - namely Lee Purcell, whose late decision to help Franklin escape from the city finally proves his rebound. <br /> <br /> The events come with an incredibly confusing climax that sees the Satanists finally turn to Franklin and let him take the revived boy's place in the coffin (thank you!). Although the added scenes remain closed (fun opening ceremony and other erotic decorations), the overall quality of the film without them would still be poor; Then again, this particular version is digested by an even more caught electronic score - which is totally inappropriate and extreme!
