As a teenager I was pretty much the whole Bigfoot thing - I read books and followed the reported observations. Like a more exhausted adult, I have mostly given up on a big man, but don't forget to watch an odd movie when I get there. It had some strengths - mainly the restoration of the two most famous Bigfoot meetings - the 1924 Ape Canyon incident and the c.1850-related Bauman incident related to Teddy Roosevelt and both of which I am. m somewhat familiar with this youthful reading that I did. It is self-evident in the film that both incidents involved sasquatch, while both cases have more plausible explanations, but the setbacks were well done. At the beginning of the film, a glorious Patterson video is also paid, once again taken for granted. The sasquatch meeting at the end of the film was also very well done and had a very horrible feeling, as the sasquatch was portrayed mainly in shadows or hairy legs that ran away from frightened men. Unfortunately, these four things could have been around 20 minutes, while the film as a whole is just over an hour and a half. <br /> <br /> This is a fictional story (made in documentary style). Expedition to Northern Northern Columbia, North Susquatch, suspected home theater. The computer was targeted to the region on the basis of observations and - in one of the most entertaining scenes of the film - the computer also used "visionary vision" to make a picture of the sasquatch that looked exactly like the "creature" of Patterson's video! In addition to the 20 minutes I mentioned, we mainly look at this expedition travel, which means that we can see the number of boys going on a long camping trip. I've been to camping with men. Let me tell you - they're never worth the movie. Among the long stretches of boredom, there are some nice natural strokes (though it is suspected that canned shots or even captive animals that act as wild animals) and there are some excellent landscapes, except that the landscape is not North British Columbia Oregon National Parks. <br /> <br /> I appreciated that we never got any real picture of sasquatch so we didn't have to deal with bad makeup that would have been part of it. 3/10
