This shows that it is a French film LOL, with an emphasis on young girls who have many older men ... why is this French language so sure? If it's a big difference, it's really a pervert! Valentina Cervi is beautiful (she is very similar to Olivia Hussey, in the same period of Zeffirell's '68 Romeo and Julia '), but she looks for about 15 years and Tas's player, her painter, looks ... well, Other posters have done work to explain the historical record of a true Artemisia, a great artist and one of the most well-known female artists of that time (in this case unusually detailed). 17th century). His story tells us today, thanks in particular to the old old accusation that "all the great artists were men" - he obviously blasts this statement into bits - and because his story of rape investigation is so harsh. He was not only clearly assaulted and forced into a humiliating sexual relationship (because in those days marriage was the only way to avoid social shame), but Tas was another rape and maybe killed his wife and child. <Br /> <br /> The film makes a terrible service, turning it into a truly exciting and remarkable real-life story - very dramatic and does not require any "spicing", because in some strange ways it is "hotter" to be an excessive teen who draws a male sexual organs and having a hot love relationship with an old man who is his grandfather. It's "sexy" - the truth is boring and seems too feminist / politically correct. <br /> <br /> It is also disturbing that it is only part of Artemisia's life, which is considered to be interesting enough for the film. The fact that he painted for decades (his famous Judith painting Holfernes was killed after rape, not before rape) that he was the first prestigious woman of the Florentine Academy to have children ... oh dull stuff. After all, it is about a middle-aged woman and they are not "hot" as teens. <br /> <br /> I understand that making a movie (or book) has a real creative license. historical character. You must create a dialogue, get subplots, create a dramatic structure. Certainly, some details may be sacrificed - it is not a big deal if the dates have been moved for a couple of years or when Artemisia plays with a blonde actor (if we know from her portraits she is a brunette ... and a big boned one, not a skinny minny) or something like that. But his story around him and making rape romantic is actually sick and disturbing. It is even worse because the director is a woman. He should be terribly ashamed of himself. <br /> <br /> If you like it (and I know some people might care less about a real female artist and just like costumes and hot sex), you probably like "Dangerous Beauty" with Rufus Sewell and Catherine McCormack. Similarly, it is based on heavily rewritten history, with lots of nervous and jewelery items: Bon Appet!
