Could you be spoilers ..... I'm surprised by the high rating of this movie to be honest. All I saw was a slow-moving propaganda movie with nothing to say. (Attention must be paid to the assessment here) This film was so black and white ... the Americans are good ... someone else either bad or useless. I take the British troops that he was supposed to be a SAS (one of the most elite in the world with whom I agree I am pretty sure) they lost 3 men and others ran away, while US troops who were not even Elite The soldiers in the fight understood the land and opened an evil ass to those who were evil Iraqi Islam. Like brain dead strings. The only good thing I have to say about this movie came in the sense that the sniper took away the SAS man ... the distance from the cone, the good noise used ... really well done, but the rest ... Spare me what I'm 10 years old here? Well, I am not, and I see in the film pointless propaganda, and the boy made this movie. <br /> <br /> SPOILER ... Oh aye and the main crazy wild man can't stay home with his wife and young child .. he doesn't have to register for another year to fight the futile wrong war! Why ... because young men need excitement or something obviously. As I say, I am surprised by the high rating of this movie. <br /> <br /> P.S. I do not hate America I hate the message of this movie that seems to not even want to deal with an illegal war (in my eyes) that is fair enough because there are clearly people who think it is the right war for any confusing cause (wanted to say something else but censored) but hey, what's against them. But both a one-sided film and a black and white ... good v evil is lazy and treats me as a child. There is a lot of gray in the war and it is two (sometimes more) by those who believe they are fighting. Not Star Wars, which has something the dark sides refresh. F 'Sake Hollywood from time to time when you really take people to the gravel ... then 7.8 .... then maybe you are right, but I won't buy it. Glad to download this movie, I'll tell you all about it. ;)
