Like the last day of Ayn Beach, Bigelow also has large massive images of some of the harsh American homes that have been seized in Iraq and are destroying the merciless, relentless, killing Arab terrorists. Since Bigelow presents the Iraq war as a large stage of human drama, one expert of a veteran bomb collides and the other shows him to be replaced by dust, hot, ugly, which is Iraq, and a new hero was born. The new man is what John Hershey described in his book and later the film The War Lover as a sadistic wingman who does not really fit in civilian life and requires the stimulation of war to sublimate and push his errant sexual wishes. The warrior can fully function in the war, the peacetime stifles him. Although Hershey attacked a war teacher, (which Steve McQueen played in one of his greatest roles in the film), Bigelow praises him. The military needs war lovers, they are the defense capability of our enemies. We cannot handle the truth that it is a war-lover who are the best soldiers, the heaviest men. According to Unironic Bigelow, ordinary men are pussies, a warrior is a special breed, the last cowboys. What if he wants to expose his men or love an Iraqi boy? It is a setback for the cult of sex and death. In war, the sex is ungrateful, unloved, does not ask, does not talk about a male glue. Bigelow has no opinion on this issue; it simply limits the masculine choices in this ham-fisted realism. Only a warrior can win a fair and false moral battle between American innocence and Arabic perfidy. Bigelow hides his racism and arrogance behind the brilliant facade of the press. He is another gung-ho yahoo that depicts a brutal war against civilians as the moral triumph of the spirit. : A wonderful world of open borders that happens to someone else. ("You can shoot people here," says the soldier); a tough but human black boy companion, a soldier with a predisposition to death, a terrible, perhaps crazy leading officer, a college educated fool who is trying to make friends with his enemies. You call it, Bigelow raises it. <br /> <br /> Male-boy love is a lovely Arab boy who interacts with his girlfriends in the eyes, but Bigelow plays it straight; he does not fill the sex but purifies it. What Bigelow really wants to show us is the ugly, dirty face of an Arab enemy. Any Iraq who is not pure evil is demented anyway, hostile or not. They all deserve to die for their insecurity and many of them make it on the glib gore-fest film. Iraqi women are all hysterical, they only make their presence by shouting. They could be men who don't know their faces. There is no female presence at all on the ground or in battle, even though the number of accidents in Iraq would certainly refute it. <br /> <br /> Bigelow goes through all the moves one by one. He praises war, he canonizes a sadistic nut-hero. The cowboys surrounded by human Indians prove their mood by doing the work of God and subjugating the hell that is infected with evil terrorists who have only cruel and suicidal mania. After all, I felt that I was rooted in Indians. But there is no mercy or understanding in the Bigelow world. Iraqis are dehumanized par excellence. The killing of civilians is the dramatic background of our hero's psychoactive fight. Every US bullet finds its mark. You have to love the man, the love of war. It's just her way, she's a real hero. He is just a man who is trying to do things hard, and what if he loves to kid on the side.
