Burnt Take the Pinocchio Theme and set Christmas at Christmas (..connections left after the previous entry) are childhood toys that are sent to kill a child (.. moreover, other victims are inadvertently damaged in the process), the "son" of the toy maker. The frightening Mad George was responsible for the killer toys (.. including larvae entering the victim's mouth and out of the eye, the other, where soldiers' toys are actually spotting the babysitter when his boyfriend was practically bowed by a broken toy by the toy that operated the remote control). A small target is a muted child named Derek (William Thorne) whose wife was murdered by a red ball, expanding her arms, putting her face down, causing her to land on the fireplace poker. Mother Sarah (Jane Higginson) is worried about her son's state of mind, showing his reluctance to open gifts or, more importantly, talking about seeing her husband's terrible murder. Derek's real father, Noah (Tracy Fraim), fears the safety of his sons and reluctantly informs his former girlfriend Sarah that local toomaker Joe Petto (Mickey Rooney) was arrested for damaging traps in toys. the loss of an unborn child when his wife was killed in a car accident. It was a reluctance to say that if he had no son, then others should not. However, Petto is still quite a strong drink (often seen by Jack), but he seems to have left his feelings against the children, but his creepy son Pino (Brian Bremer) is not and Derek is at his port. Why? You will soon understand. <br /> <br /> Very disappointing special effects and rather silly assumptions. Rooney's name adds to the film's attractiveness by gaining recognition, but its histrionics can only help so much. Attractive chief actor Higginson (slaughterhouse) and Fraim, as a man who returns to his life, are not so bad, but it is difficult to take the wretched one that is developing. I think this is the point, but Rooney has no reason to be in such a movie because he has no room to bring his person other than fury and despair, quite volatile, hardly holding himself together when he explodes anger Pino if it doesn't. Bremer is appropriately strange and "robotic" like Pino, who wants to be his mother. The practical consequences of victim attacks are quite convincing. Mad George's collaboration with Savage Steve Holland was much more effective than what we see in this movie. The sex that everyone is talking about is not as free as many would have believed (.. I can't even remember nudity). Probably the best of the green light of many lakes, but this is not a confirmation. I'm pretty sure I wrote on the paper, this was an entertaining concept, the idea of ​​deceiving the Pinocchioid horror elements, but the result won't let you down.
