OK OK, it can be hard to put a person's life in the whole movie. Traditionally, biopsies focus on one or two important parts of a subject's life. Now, Byron was "my week wins my year" man, which makes a selection of parts that are even harder. Moreover, as Byron's poetry is inseparable from his life, one's life must be viewed as a whole. Extracting the liftable parts does not only mean the whole picture, it shows a completely different picture. <br /> <br /> Now, from my review it is: Byron is said to have been "my week strikes my year" prototype, a man who lived so intensely that he did more in his 15-year active year than most True, he had setbacks and he was the victim of the time and social situation in which he lived - but in the end, this guy should be the prototype that we all want to lead, no? Well, I didn't mean to live the life depicted in this film at the moment. So it gets 3. Not so badly done (which way, it was more or less), but more importantly, the point was not completely on a flat plot. <br /> <br /> For more details, just simplify things, Byron bio there should be two different episodes: 1. After the first European trip: the fame of England and its rise + marriage / 2. His life abroad, it is now important that the second part should be at least as important as the first. time, but also most more importantly, it is where he created his best work (Don Juan, vision of the judgment, etc.). - All things that make him * truly * unique in English literature). <br /> <br /> Instead, in this movie (a) Byron's life is never far from entertaining, (b) after he leaves England, it becomes * worse. They did two good things: first, they started returning to their European journey (although a bit more of a real trip would have been a prologue), secondly they chose the corner and chose their incestaous love for Augusta (who is quite completely cast). The problem with this last thing is that they never let him go. True, Byron was firmly attached to Augusta until the end of his life, but especially since he was such a mood disorder, it does not mean that his letters may not reflect his life at all. br /> <br /> In any case, the first part of a TV movie should end with leaving England. There's no doubt about that. The thing is that once a life abroad started (infamous Geneva period), but in Italy, Byron also discovered a new life, both for his poetry (inspired by Italian comedy), already in Venice, and for himself when he found Contessa Teresa Guiccioli and moved to Ravenna ( later, at Shelly's request with Teresa Pisa). In other words, he was also * released *. His mind and life opened up (and not only in a decadent sense), while England closed even more because it fell on the gravitational pull of Victorian age. True, freedom was less than Augusta, but this bitter-sweet freedom is sour in this film. We see a lonely, boring snob getting older. <br /> <br /> I mean hell, Byron never thought about his poetry, except when he finally found his voice in Don Juan! In addition to poetic and romantic development, his relationship with Shelly (and his downfall) should have been more documented. She is also involved in politics and revolutionary ideas in Ravenna, Italy. This is important because it shows that Childe Harold's decadent romantic and ultimately escapist language and person are becoming more viable realistic and lighter passions of Don Juan's language and human life. Life and work are one. True, still a bit naive, but it got to Greece! And the whole thing went to Pisa for a full circle, where Shelley's revolutionary spirit was sparkling. Missolonghi was not a boring snob who was looking for some action. It was in Italy (Gambas) that he was acting. It may be a symbol for people who are looking for excitement in some ancient style battle, while the rest of Europe is fixed in the clay and conservatism of a modern cause. But it wasn't just that, it was a real inspiration behind it. Meanwhile, Byron wrote huge sums to Don Juan. True, his end is a little sad, but it's not like he's worn out. This is the essence of Byron's life: he may have had some strong emotional ties (2: Augusta and Teresa), but each time he was able to truly reinvent himself. That means he wasn't "less" at the end of his life - no, he did physical and mental JOURNEY that at that time, few people were ready. <br /> <br /> Why is it so often that the second period of Byron's life is ignored? Because he had less obvious conflicts because he finally got to his side? To pay attention to the years of frustrated England, full of scandals, we show that we are not much better than the English aristocracy, which Byron so despised and which, despite having no choice, deliberately * fled in 1816 to find enough a modern and liberal world to let him find the voice that makes him the first romantic spoken poet and evolves in itself from an embedded snob to a passionate person who has a reason.
