Just once I would like to see the Beowulf version, where it seems that the scriptwriters have at least a close knowledge of the original poem. Again, I have been frustrated by the Sci Fi presentation after that. <br /> <br /> I am not suggesting that writers need to understand and analyze old poetry in English, but I wish they could at least try to read a contemporary English translation and try to create a story based on what really happens. The story is exciting enough; Why add plot elements that are non-existent and violate the story? What's wrong with loyalty? <br /> <br /> Grendel is immune to all kinds of weapons; why introduce a somewhat surprise that is incredible and could not have existed during this period (as the previous reviewer rightly pointed out)? The fight with Grendel was Beowulf and Grendel. That's it. No one else participated in the battle. The only way Beowulf could defeat him was to choose a monster specifically without a weapon, a mistake made by all previous challenger. But in this version, the Danes and Geats fight against the beast, and Beowulf grabs Grendel's hand with the sword! Again, why couldn't they imagine what really happened? Personally, I think the one-to-one contest between the two would be much more exciting. In general, it is a pathetic and debilitating imagination that is incredible about a true story. Why add a pact to Hrothgar and Grendel's mother, which includes sacrifice? Why create extra characters like Finn, which doesn't add a story? There was no love story from the poem. They couldn't even place scenes in the right places (there is no nest under the forest and no nest under the forest). Do they not notice the metaphor that the Grendel Wire stands for? it should be underground to represent hell. Why not focus on the symbolism of an epic poem? Even their high school students were able to achieve tremendously better results last year when creating a short film based on Beowulf, as they focused on the themes and symbolism underlying the story. If Hollywood could create a film that focuses on these elements and is believable on the plot, it would be a really great movie.
