Where to start? Anacronism? High-tech crosswalk with a range of about 500AD? Arrows with explosives 500AD? Monster Grendel, who looks like a robocop and probably never touches any weapon that was fired against him? Heart broken from his victim's line without any contact? Maybe a blonde who would fit a recent fashion show with her make-up and striped hair? An ancient Danish court represented in the classical Greek style? The Queen of Marina Sirtis played more as a craftsman than madness? Impacts are too weak to carry this story. There are some stories that do not mind or even benefit from cheap effects, but that Grendel is not one of them. <br /> <br /> What are the characters who seem to jump without motivation in their attitudes? The prince of the unknown idiots, whose monster Grendel has already had more than one mind at home, seems less respectful of the threat he faces than Beowulf, who was sent far from Geats to help desperate. It seems more like an old cowboy west coast than any myth. <br /> <br /> Beowulf is an ancient story of an era where there is almost no literary tradition and much of its feelings and drama are hidden. I suspect that any modern testimony that does not make intelligent attempts to penetrate into vagueness must fail. I did not love the recent "Beowulfit and Grendel", who sees Grendel as essentially human, and sees Hrothgar and his Danes as too arrogant and stupid to feel Grendel's attacks as a well-grounded revenge, but I had to respect my revolutionary view that Hrothgar Danish were bunch of macho-makers who, even after all the time, did not realize that they had brought this nightmare to themselves and that the original story of Beowulf, as it was written, was wrong. I think this is a more complicated meaning, but this terrible secret of Grendel, which Grendel's attacks are related to previous human casualties, does not really bring us closer to the shame that Hrothgar and the Danes are experiencing. <br /> <br /> This Beowulf has little to suggest as a traditional myth or a modern fantasy. I give him 4: higher than it deserves, but always hope that bad effort draws attention to someone who has said the story wisely. In the meantime, it seems that making a Sci-Fi movie follows NASA's policy of better building many probes that fail than some that succeed.
