La Sanguisu Conduce la Danza or Bloodsucker leads the dance because I believe it is the usual English title, 'in Ireland' in 1902. in a year when mysterious Count Richard Marnack (Giacomo Rossi-Stuart) will soon be calling out. theater actress Evelyn (Patrizia Webley as Patrizia De Rossi), and three more of her colleague, who are out of work soon, are friends Cora (Krista Nell), Penny (Lidia Olizzi) and Rosalind (Marzia Damon as Caterina Chiani), her castle on a small island near the coast. In the beginning, Evelyn is reluctant but convinced that it has been agreed that Samuel (Leo Valeriano) has also gone. When Count Marnack has told his guests that his father and grandfather interrupted the fraudsters' spouses using a solemn knife and is feeling uneasy when it turns out that Evelyn looks exactly the same as the woman of the current county who hadn't been running for a long time ... with worrying servants Worrying it turns out that nobody wants to use a knife for themselves to cut a couple of heads ... <br /> <br /> This Italian production is written and directed by Alfredo Rizzo & is a complete, complete and perfect mess from start to finish. First things first start by criticizing "Bloodsucker Leads Dance", promising to look at this title, because if I feel disappointed that there is no vampire or any bleeding form, no one has guided anything at any time and there's definitely no dance or dance, so don't wait for these things. What should you wait for, even though it is a tedious, boring, boring nonsense little "giallo" that takes over an hour before someone is killed and any mystery of murder begins to take shape, La Sanguisu Conduce la Danza's first lesson is less and uninteresting than anything there. The best way to imagine is to think of the most boring porn movies you have ever seen, then cut out most of the soft core porn and it leaves bad actors, bad duplication, bad dialogue, little tiny soft heart sex and lesbianism and absolutely nothing else. Yes, it is really so bad. The elements of the mystery are crap, people make illogical things for no apparent reason, and too complex "twisting" is as bad as the rest, the Sixth Mind (1999) is not that! <br /> <br /> Director Rozzi is doing OK work and La Sanguis with Conduce la Danza is probably beautiful and feeling, even though it is clearly a low budget. black white! So the movie jumps from light to black and white when it cuts back into the storm and color! There is one absolutely fun scene where the girl and her friend discuss their breasts and let her friend know those who are full of respect, this scene is so funny and just so unnatural that it is invaluable and easily the best moment of movies even then how bad 70's porn would be embarrassing by dialogue! There is minimal nudity and sex / lesbian scenes are very tame. Forget about any blood or gore because there is no separate decapitated head. <br /> <br /> Technically, movies are pretty good, period setup and production design are actually pretty impressive, though not a huge one. effectively. The film has a nice color feel and cinematography is good. The film is dubbed, making it difficult to give an opinion on original performances, but the artists are terrible and the dialogue is even worse than usual. <br /> <br /> La Sanguisu Conduce la Danza is a terrible movie. there is no point in the story for more than an hour, it is probably the most misleading title and it is really boring and boring and confusing stupid 'twist' end. As for Euro horror fans, there are many much better movies, so please don't waste your time, because no one else will definitely avoid it. Trivia Note: Infamous (and banned in the UK) Nazi Exploitation / Horror Movie The Terrible SS's Last Days (1977) AKA SS Hell Camp & The Beast led by Luigi Batzella and plays a very important role in police detective La Sanguisu Conduce la Danzas.
