This "smart" movie was originally a Japanese film. And even though I assume that the original film was pretty bad, it became worse than American-International Films hacked into the movie and made American segments fool around. Now that your audience is not made up of idiots, it's obvious that it's done - and done little to finish or take care of the final product. The bottom line is that you have a lot of clear Japanese scenes and then clearly American scenes where the film looks quite different. In addition, American scenes are really meaningless and consist of two different groups of people who just talk about Gamer - an evil turtle! And although it is a breathtaking, flying and destructive monster, there is virtually no energy, because I assume that the actors were just embarrassing in this sad film - especially the movie veterans Brian Donlevy and Albert Dekker. They both looked there tired and easily afflicted. <br /> <br /> Now, as a monster, it's not quite a normal creature like Godzilla. Seeing a gigantic turtle with its head and limbs back and turning into air like a rocket is fun. On the other hand, as usual in this film, dirty model planes, balsa buildings and a power plant that is not a surprise are destroying. In addition, there is an odd Japanese monster movie cliché that honestly irritates most non-Japanese audiences, and it is a "divine and irrelevant little boy who loves a monster and believes in him." Yeah, of course. Well, as in GODZILLA VERSUS SMOG MONSTER and many other films, this is a scary frightening monster, although unlike Godzilla's later incarnations, Gamera is not a good man and finally it turns out that the child is just an idiot! Silly, the extraordinary bad special effects that could be made by 7-year-old, bad-acting, pointless American clips and occasional scary copying make it a poor movie. Strange, though most of them hate this movie (and this stupid child), is a small and very vocal minority who loves these movies and compares them with Bergman and Kurosawa. Don't believe them - it's a terrible movie! <br /> <br /> FYI - Probably due to its terrible performance, Gamera played more films and some recent incarnations in the 60s. None of them change the central fact that he is a tortoise flying in the fire or that the films are really very flat.
