Now we are traveling to a parallel universe, where giant prehistoric monsters with flatter cities are part of everyday life. This is the world of Godzilla, Rodan, Mothra Ghidra and their species - a strange world and the appearance of a strange, unknown flying turtle called Gamera. <br /> <br /> The monstrous Toho Shadows are always styles, while the other Daiei studios were the most famous samurai saws as monster films. In the mid-1960s, they decided to join a giant reptile competition and designed the rival monster Toho mammoth to a successful Godzilla. They chose their flagship wisely Gamera - a giant turtle that fires flames between their teeth and spins through the air, firing through the flames of their shells (and at one point you will see almost a piece of paper crust!) <br /> <br /> First Gamera Movie Gamera Invincible (if sold to the US) is the virtual mirror of the first Godzilla movie, just 10 years ago. American fighters are pursuing a noticeable airplane across the Arctic with their fiery death - a nuclear bomb on board illuminates and awakens the giant Gamera's icy slumber. Feeding the Atomic Energy is immediately rampant, and the world wants to destroy Gamer once and for all, but a small Japanese boy named Kenny, who has a psychic connection with a giant turtle and even a miniature version of the aquarium, thinks Gamera is kind and generous beside his bed. He's like a little Jewish boy with Hitler's vagina. "Gamera is a good turtle," he says, then closes and puts the face as someone has met his coconut. Miraculously, the world leaders listen to him and so the Z plan begins to save the world from the complete destruction of JA Gamera. <br /> <br /> Released in 1965, Gamera was a surprising hit. The irritant infantile anthropomorphism actually worked in Japan and the United States, which owned a nanny, and Gamera's vision of the two footsteps of Tokyo and the North Pole. The most surprising is the longevity of the series: eight original Gamera films, plus a number of recent transformations. Not bad for a reptile of mutants, whose only friend is an eight-year-old milquette - and when I hear that "Gamera is making friends with all the kids," I'm still going to shatter Tokyo. This seems to be a simple task in a parallel universe where the children are smart and the turtles are larger than the Seiko stand in the 1965 turtle game Gamera.
