Due to the growing popularity of the iconic Godzilla series, like any hit on a cinema event, there was inevitably a crowd of imitators trying to succeed in a big lizard. With Godzilla, Kaiju (a giant monster) came to the growing popularity of the genre. Many wanted to succeed; some got it. One of the few who not only benefited but gained popularity was Gamera, a giant turtle who can breathe in and out of a fire and fly by flames in his quarries as a jet engine. However, unlike Godzilla, Gamer was marketed as a friend of all children, later fighting with other monsters to save children, and thus became very popular with boys. Unfortunately, this is the only audience that initially plays that the original Gamera series can turn. Although the new Gamera films, directed by Shusuke Kaneko, are wonderful, revolutionary monster movies, the original series, including the original, is not special. <br /> <br /> The first Gamera movie titled "The Giant Monster Gamera" was clearly Godzilla's will. Although the film was produced in the age of color films, it was shot in black and white. Why? Follow the first Godzilla movie from the 1950s Gamera is also attacked by Tokyo, because Godzilla attacked Tokyo in the first film, I don't know much about the Japanese version, the version I am familiar with in the American version, where scenes were cut and film footage from American films was added (coincidence that the same thing happened to the first Godzilla Now, whether it adds or removes the movie, I can't say. But "Gammera Invincible" is really something other than a terrifying core that is just like a big turtle itself. "Gammera Invincible" is a very routine film. The characters come from the standards of scientific literature, the story is a man, the monster is not a real motive for attacking civilization, the actor is ridiculous and so on and so on. is the end of the movie, but it is also a detective, because the plan, which eventually stops the gamer from rotting, is completely fake and ridiculous. Now the rest of the movie and many other entries made in this genre are also suitable for this description, but it is a direfully stodgy monster movie. <br /> <br /> And while Shusuke Kaneko would later turn Gamer into an interesting monster with his trilogy in the 1990s, Gamera was not an attractive screen in its original series. He was not scary or compassionate. She just skins like a toddler, sucking in every step and dropping the miniature sets. As usual, everyone wants to destroy Gamer, except for the little boy (Yoshio Uchida, who was widely left with credit, although he plays a central role) who thinks Gamera is a nice turtle. <br /> <br /> Most of the genres of movies that "Gammera Invincible" is part of are simple criticism targets, and this is especially under pressure. Even with many other Godzilla imitators, this is not a good entry into the Gamera movie. As for my cinema house, the rest of the series is either boring or worse. Like Godzilla, they are filmed with Gamera and continue against monsters. And like Godzilla, he gets cheaper and cheaper for each movie until it was time to revive the series and make him serious again. <br /> <br /> It's unique. Usually I recommend people to capture the originals and resend them. But for Gamera, my decision is just the opposite. I strongly urge people to look at the 1990s gamer trilogy led by Shusuke Kaneko and leave the original series if it is not interested. New movies are inventive, well done, exciting and above all fun. The original series is a long boredom.
