I didn't really comment, but I thought I had something to say. I saw this movie two days ago and, although I think it is not a complete waste of time (it may be money for producers), it is obvious that it has serious problems. It has very good cinematography and (small but) nice music. A lot has been said about Ana Cristina Oliveira, but let's be honest about what? He is not really an actor he is constantly balancing between over-acting and superfluous action. His production is good because he has never been like Odet in any other film: crazy? sad? childish? scammer? no one knows companions. So he's sure he's dictating the rules here. There is a permanent NO for copying, and the result is the usual noise coming out of the blue. In other countries, people may think Portugal is the most noisy place. However, I was delighted that some of the dialogue was duplicated, but it was not necessarily a syndrome. I also have to say bad duplication. It's strange to look at a movie where the first thing that resembles the first scene when the first character speaks is: it's duplicated. And all this says that the film has technical problems. <br /> <br /> It also has script problems. It tries to be classic from the first to the last scene. There was a desperate fear of stopping and showing things. The writer obviously tried to get everything straight and he does, but ... it shows !! All dialogues are too positive and there is no speech that sounds like a movie line. It's all a bit raw and a little unpleasant. <br /> <br /> Not that the film is a complete confusion, I have to emphasize. I think good parts are so obvious that I prefer to focus on bad ones. <br /> <br /> The direction brings little to the weak scenario. All shots are classic and innovative, but beautiful. Rui Poçase's great work, by the way. <br /> <br /> Now, what I think was a problem, what keeps people from believing in this story and laughing at the whole movie, rather than taking it seriously: a man who plays this guy who is obviously an actor. In fact, it plays a very important role and I do not understand why non-participants are not involved in such parts. This man is neither an actor nor a beautiful man. This means that the whole film rolls down the hill because we don't believe for one second that this proud woman has been obsessed with her, even though she has gone and that her hunky lover who is living has actually disappeared in bad weather when all of us Seeing this character is apathy. Damage. The world is full of beautiful people who even happen to be nice sedatives. The world is full of good actors who are also cute boys and are capable of obsession with people after they disappear. The world is full of good movies and not such great movies. C'est la vie!
