The last station, directed by Michael Hoffman's melodrama Leo Tolstoy's life in recent months begins with fog and sleeping. Tolstoy (Christopher Plummer) lives with his family in the Yasnaya Polyana compound, walking and writing and seeing his wife and his "movement" followers, people who are dedicated to their ideas about pacifism, vegetarianism, sexual abstinence, and social attitudes. property that is not far from the forest house. His wife, Sophia (Helen Mirren), is openly fighting with her leader, Chertkov (Paul Giamatti), who claims in her efforts to persuade Tolstoy to sign the rights of her work to the Russian people in an attempt to steal the wealth she owes to her immediate death. Observing all of them, Tolstoy's new manager is Bulgakov (James McAvoy), a naive detainee who has been tortured against his love and his wife. <br /> <br /> The Hoffman script, based on the novel by Jay Parin, quite often confuses, creating a complex thread and opaque motivations that ultimately do not solve in a satisfactory way. The film's scope is great and its story should be despised just like Tolstoy, whose beliefs were somewhat similar to Bolshevik and pacifists like Ghandi. Unfortunately, this is not the case, it is unlikely to build a lot of joyful confrontation that is constantly devastating. For example, the tripartite relationship between the church, faithful Sophia and the unbelievers is often referred to. In the last part of the movie, even in a quiet hat, a surprising priest appears, but the script never expands uncomfortably on the insertion of the story, which is an attempt to enrich it or give some historical similarity to some similarity. There are tons of details in the film, but most of them are not given enough attention and as a result, the film seems full, overwhelmed, energetic, but unfortunately not meaningful. <br /> <br /> In your heart, love to watch a movie is a story between Sophia and Tolstoy and the story that is terrible and narrow as it is. Mirren and Plummer are surprisingly the best in the movie. Plummer Tolstoy is vague, confusing and decisive, fearful and full of joy and confidence. Mirren Sophia is full of panic, fair foam, forced to look and suppose to be silent when her husband gives her time, her property and money to people who are undoubtedly committed to her, but also clearly have their own agenda. They are great performances, all the more so as the pair's actual importance and the ability of the media to support it, both Sophia and Tolstoy, seem to come to the movie Mirren and Plummer alone. the best they can get is what little material there is. Giammati and McAvoy, both talented actors, can't do the same and Giamatti Chertkov does not seem to be revolutionary or thief (and not both at once), but rather a culprit, stand-in all over the unsolved anxiety packet of interrupted historical impulses. The scope of this thing will never let anything, it grabs the power of Plummer and Mirren, not much else. It's interesting and beautiful, but ultimately. 4.5 / 10
