This incredibly overrated anime TV series (26 episodes, every 25 minutes) is about a 14-year-old boy (and two of his girl's classmates) who pilot a giant robot to protect Japan from invasive creatures called angels. The angels have been given very little explanation, or why their number has increased in recent times, and they just don't see any obvious reason (why not attack everyone at once, not at a distance that are the right people you are trying to destroy?). The scenes in the robot fight are trying to use different obstacles, but the action itself is badly executed and boring. Almost every episode seems to be a waste of space where nothing matters. <br /> <br /> Some may be interested in fans who mention (very little) symbolic references here, but that's all they are - low-lining for religious or philosophical concepts that are accidentally zeroed crafted. As a whole, the series is incredibly annoying, because the characters are superficial, who are really more than self-evident crybabies. Psychology is pathetic, hopelessly simplistic conflicts like "I hate my father" are repeated over and over again, without exceeding their nominal value. It is not to be underestimated to say that these characters submerge this series from time-consuming mediocrity to the end of wrathful garbage in recent episodes with their endless, dirty spiritual diatrites, which are too repetitive psychobulbs (some of which are totally meaningless). <br /> <br /> I'm not kidding when I say that this series worsened and worsened. I watch a DVD every day sitting on my living room table and say to myself: "Damn, I have to watch the next episode at some point. The real kicker was that the episodes were only 25 minutes long, but they were somehow able to open in 10 minutes It is from a man who is happily sitting over 150-minute films with a glacier stamp, so my criticism of this series is indeed the most regrettable. <br /> <br /> I am not disappointed with watching the series much like "Evangelion." I had already bought it, relying on all the IMDb fanatical comments, and I did not allow him to collect dust after spending his hard earned money, followed by 10 hours of pure torture. / hate the relationship with anime after this highly recognized disaster after the hate / love relationship. <br /> <br /> "Evangelion" represents everything anime is NOT Dense, dull, horrible tricks under the guise of an intelligent cinema. Giving this unique universal recognition is simply incredible; and the ridiculous claims of fans that this series is "one of the greatest achievements of mankind" is probably the most amazing comment I've ever heard on IMDb - and I've seen some doozies.
