Sometimes I see this example because my wife sometimes looks at it. I try to enjoy it because of the basic idea that helps poor families, but several factors are on my way. Each episode follows the same format, where many parts seem to be completely scripted (what they are) and tears flow seemingly on top. An attempt to manipulate the viewer with emotional failure and a sad mix of music is a real switch-off for me. It is also annoying that anyone who donates something to the house, be it Sears or someone, needs to be generous. Probably the biggest problem I all have is that what has to be a huge sum of money and a small army of workers is combined to build amazingly more than one family. Now I know that this amount is nothing more than a drop in Disney / ABC buckets, but how much more could be done for more people when they lay one house? Instead of focusing on one family and getting them all shouted during the episode, why not help 10 families and show off? Is the average person hard enough for life? Why do I need help to find things that are sad, why not really inspire, without manipulation? I know what is done for their families, but they are also used to make ratings. You can't tell me they're sometimes crying under guidance. I think if I see these people moving to a home that most people working in the US could not afford their children, it disturbs me. I can't think of anything that could really make a small part of Disney money. Instead of giving each family member a flat-screen TV and / or a personal shower that tells you the temperature of the water and lets out the ceiling, why not help more people afford food, clothing, education, and health insurance? I know we can enjoy entertainment and shout good. In terms of money, I feel the same Oprahi. I don't think anyone can really imagine their money. Yes, his recent reality shows good things, but when he gave $ 30,000 to every loser, I'm sitting here thinking ... it's a year's salary for many many people ... if they're happy. Don't let me start playing. So I understand that Extreme Makeover Home Edition is "good", but forgive me when I see it as more self-giving than giving myself. Is there anyone who feels like that?
