I am a Christian and I say that this film had terrible exemplary, unrealistic situations and a completely facade for Christianity. You can also look at "Remember Titans" and at least not interfere with Christ in a football movie like a loser for steroid. Let me make some more serious comments about what disturbed me in this movie. <br /> <br /> 1. The school was in Georgia and was a school of the White Academy. I didn't notice a single black student or player at school. I'm dealing with white Christian academies in the south, and they were built for reasons other than restoring segregation. This is worrying when the film talks about Christianity and Christ, which changes life ... how to change the hearts of segregation? (Note: I liked a symbolic black trainer, as it was done for a wholly white team and all black "Giants" players.) 2. Critical praise to all Christians for this movie. Can I tell a few people that it was bad performance, bad filming, bad writing and short poverty compared to other movies. If we compare it to another football movie, would it have the same charisma and energy? <br /> <br /> 3. Half-burned Christianity, which was shown to me to be less meaningful than an unrealistic end. If Christianity simply means writing a little scripture and praying for a full life, then you don't know if anyone listens to what Christians say. We want to sell Christ as health. He does not have to sell and does not have to be involved in such a distinctive lifestyle. No wonder everyone thinks that Christianity is an anti-intellectual with this unrealistic presentation. <br /> <br /> I feel this film can be inspiring for some people. This is not the case for most. It does not give a real picture of the struggle and the heartfelt tension. Most importantly, it is not a Christian with any means or stretch. It has values, but it is a pull-yourself-up-by-the-bootstraps message as low as positive thinking. If you live with people who are fighting and / or in the third world of living, this film is hollow, as most churches are now in their religion.
