This movie is not about football at all. It's about Jesus / God! It is the same horrible sanctifying religious soldier you get from those arch idiots who wrestled against Jesus or pumped iron for Jesus. Yes, Jesus was completely cleansed, liked the contact sport, and certainly had complete stupid watches. DUHHH! This film should have been titled "Hiking the Jesus" or something like that just to let the public know that the real purpose of this film is to make people Christian and tempt those whose brains are already thoroughly washed in lamb's blood. The title of the Bible is made clear when the head coach reads his Bible and asks Jesus for help. The recent sports film "Invincible" was 100 times more inspiring than it was and Jesus was not even a factor. It was just the desire and decision of an individual with a dream. <br /> <br /> Any wide-ranging loss of inspiring sporting film has finally disappeared from all the blatant Bible-conscious and sanctifying religious propaganda. This gives the impression that the only message is the only way for you to succeed and benefit from accepting Jesus as your personal savior. But it's not just true, and that's why those who believe it is true and want all others to believe it are wrong. The winning athlete's idea of ​​thanking Jesus for winning comes directly to mind. What will she do if she loses? Did he curse Jesus? Of course not! If he loses, Jesus is not responsible. Jesus is only responsible if he wins. And the logic goes round and round and round, and that's exactly where the true believer needs it, every time !! I had to pause when the scene where the trainer got a brand new truck came so I could stop rolling on the floor, laughing at my ass and breath. Materialism is not what Jesus taught. I find it strange that most of the so-called Christians seem to have forgotten or ignored this message from their "savior", especially when I see Jesus fish in the back of a huge gas game SUV, which passes to me as I stand Another message that this movie refers to is that Jesus probably cares more about the record of losing the victory of a mediocre high school football team, which he makes for millions of hungry children in the world. The final scene where the insecure and insecure kicker is at the 51-meter field goal and is surprised by the incredible incredible wonder that puts this turkey on a spoon with a religious red flag. I only gave him three stars because the man who played the black trainer actually worked.
