My Christians believed I was disappointed with this movie. Such statements are hounded: "I can't believe you don't like it! It was made by Christians!" "Everyone donated their time and nobody paid for the movie! This was done by the church, not by Hollywood. We should spend our money on such films! They used only $ 100,000 to make the film." "It's a Georgian real church and a Christian school! The preacher wrote and directed it." So, probably, the reason I should love this movie is just how it was made, and the minimum amount of money it used to make and made by Christians. That's all I need to love a movie. <br /> <br /> Look, I got a movie without knowing that there was anything in the movie background. I had never heard of it and I had no idea - except football - what it was. I watched it like I was watching other movies and I was disappointed. I was disappointed with the passionate editing and the flat script. I was very disappointed with the resolution after the top. Do not worry. There have also been other cheap films and other films made on the CONSUMER that have less respected me. That doesn't mean making a movie. This is the end product. <br /> <br /> The writer admits that God does not say "yes" to all that we pray as we want, but he wanted to show faith, God changes our lives. It is true. But God can change our lives and we are still infertile. God can change our lives and we cannot raise our work. God can change our lives and our car is still old. God can change our lives and our house is still smelly. Why didn't she show it in the movie? Others expressed their concern over the writer / director, but apparently he was defensive. <br /> <br /> I didn't think it was terrible or many landscape photos. I like the idea of ​​going to God and recognizing His awesome power and weakness. Writing and management were very weak. It's easy to distinguish because many characters have no development. In fact, all of the coach's husband is not pregnant (well, until the end of the movie). It seems like there is only a ball player who had the potential to be an interesting character and that was shredded into bits: "I have a dirty father and I can't play football well, but I beat the goal even though I've never hit the real field goal ever. "Another problem was the Christian school itself. Umm, I've worked for two Christian schools, I went alone and I have had many nurses and brothers at other Christian schools. All in all, I've had pretty close ties with about ten different ones. None of the problems I saw in all of these schools were targeted. I saw it as totally surreal in my film about my school, and I wanted them to have a human factor. It would have been nice to see the dose of reality and how God could work. <br /> <br /> I close by saying that every work - written or drawn or played on an instrument - shares the artist's worldview. The worldview shown in this film consists of: "People who pray correctly, win ball games, get new cars, imagine if they can't, get up and get their house fixed - all in a short time span." I know. I should love the movie simply because of the sincerity of the people who made it. I think I should love the movie because it was well done and for some other reason.
