I watched this movie in a youth group where my otherwise intuitive youth leader and his wife went over it. Then some of the adult couples of the Christmas party associated with the church were misled about submitting a copy of this film to each of the families present, and now my household is stuck with the film (although fortunately it still remains in a shrinking fabric). I cried out these sad events with bitter tears, and here's why: First: this film has good intentions, especially if you're a Christian like me. This film tries to show that you should put your faith in God and that it will make your life better. Not so bad, right? Eh. It turns out this is a problem - big. The film was made by the church, so of course, every single question must be addressed to Christians as tastefully as possible. It's all black and white, gray areas. God's grace and will in this film is a predictable thing and it will come immediately to all those who make their offer. <br /> <br /> This is not the God I know. It's not a Christian life that I know. The God I believe is a powerful and trustworthy God, but He does not give me every desire. I follow Him as well as I can, although it is often difficult; Yet the football team of this movie finds their humility and self-control much easier than anyone should ever find. I can't associate a cardboard cutout that has faded from good side to good sides during some structured movie scene. And when I do my commandments, as set out in the Bible, I certainly can't find what these characters bless. The greatest of my direct benefits is knowing that I have done the right thing; everything else comes with long, dirty, hard work. <br /> <br /> But take the movie Grant Taylor, for example, instructing the Shiloh Christian School football team who has lost six seasons. She can lose her job and she and her husband have little money. They want a baby, but the doctor tells him he's sterile. Oh, and his car doesn't work. And his football team boys are unfair to their parents after the loss of their millions, and badly when they hit the field. It is certain that there is one careless community here. <br /> <br /> Wait, Grant Taylor decides he's trusting God! And he gives his faith to his team. So far, it's okay. Not for long. When they begin to obey, they literally bless POUR. Suddenly, students stop respecting their parents; the school has a great "revival"; the team starts winning every game; they even win the championship in the hardest league! Coach Taylor's job is happy; the school gets a new shiny truck (which by the way is an eavesdropping from low, fair weather employers); he can raise; her wife (get it) even gets pregnant with her sterile sperm! And this skinny guy manages to hit his first slope gate just when it really matters! Wowzers, woot, yay, praise the Lord, etc. etc. ... <br /> <br /> Yipe. Just YIPE. No one in my church has ever experienced Christ in such a cut manner. Yes, there have been miracles in my family, as well as gifts and the comfort of beings, and I attribute them to God's grace and love. But God is not a mixer faucet that you turn on or off, being good or bad! He is a great puzzle; His gifts come unexpectedly, often, if you think you don't need them, but you really do. It is a long-term, hard-to-fill, and things never come as you thought they would be. <br /> <br /> This movie has good intentions. But due to its highest depth and total escapism, it is fueling a huge 1/10. Bad acting and sports movie clichés seem to be just pimples aside from the liars that the film inadvertently rejects. <br /> <br /> For all future churches planning to make a movie: Don't be afraid to show your REAL life, even you have to confuse some uncomfortable truths. However, this cotton candy does not heal a lot of baser, no one has learned anything about it. Give us meat, bones, REAL things! True life applies to everyone, not just to Christians, and this is one aspect that the "Giants" could not grasp.
