Peacemaking is one of those films that would be a little more active, a little more direction, and much more logic than a horror object. In its present form, it is still a creepy film with a strong make-up and gore effect, and a premise that, despite it, keeps the mood of terror. And hey, young people aren't killed one by one - just stupid adults, so it's a refreshing pace change. And the plot line is amazingly similar to dead birds with robbery, an abandoned spooky house somewhere in the middle and demonic monsters. But like Dead Birds, adults are still insecure, they run around unsuccessfully before they are killed one by one, and they ignore the obvious danger. <br /> <br /> Peacock scares never know a supernatural why and maintain a calm atmosphere. And like clowns, the scarring can be very scary; if they don't see Ray Bolger of course. Escaping a hijacked plane with a pilot and his daughter after millions of robberies have been attacked, the para-army cluster has doubled by one; very nervous man named Burt. He jumps out of the plane with a large and heavy box that keeps the money obviously on the way to relocate it when it is on the ground. Being a cluster, he is first killed. But not before it happens during Fowler's residence, it is very much surrounded by terrible pea brushes surrounded by a wooden fence surrounded by barbed wire and many warnings to stay away. And the strange weather that was on the roof, knee joint, and pterodactyl should have been a warning sign. The interior of the house is also quite predictive (in any case to the audience). <br /> <br /> Disturbingly, we must listen to Burt's thoughts as he walks and mysteriously moves over the key to a truck in the yard. The way the key opens would be enough for my pants - with them - to fly out of the door. Maybe it's just me, but I really enjoy watching people's lips on the screen, even if they just think out loud. This helps to intensify the action and gives the actor more work than just saying what the voice is saying. Burt raises the box to the truck and makes his escape. Of course, why not? Hanging trucks always contain a lot of gas, especially with today's prices and battery power? no problem. Now I mentioned that Burt was the most clever and here (why, of course, in addition to the above). Wearing night-vision goggles through the leaves and the house, they take them away to drive the truck and instead turn on the headlights to see where it goes. Of course, the planes still remain in their headlamps and know where it is headed. Brilliant. He deserves to die. Certainly. I'm not sure why he first needed night vision goggles because every scene is brightly lit, from the inside of the plane, to night outside the landscape and from the house. The operator was either a. myopic, b. just out of school or c. Burt meets his death when a truck dies somewhere in the middle. <br /> <br /> Get your finger off. One very nice touch and there is, I have to admit that some movie has the fact that when a truck lid is opened, there is no engine. Shame to be sure (and add here a pants comment here). The story logic fails when the dead, now-stuffed-flotilla-with-money-and-straw-Burt returns to the house. The rest of the bunch is there, tough on him, then he realizes he's really dead, and it was gutted and stuffed like flounder, with money and straw. Dead Burt is able to fight quite well and grabs one companion's mouth by pushing him through the window, causing him more biting than he could chew at the chewing gum. At this point you would think they would like to go back from the house and the plane - but no, they decide to stay and look for the rest of the money. In fact, the whole Burt is a dead episode that is treated in fact, even though one bright bulb in the bundle claims, "Burt walked around dead, chrissakes!" <br /> <br /> Stolen money suddenly appears in areas outside the house, and fraudsters gently go to feed. Soon another of them will be sent, Jack, and again the scene is well done and terrible, involving dull hands and not anetesia. Now there are three scarecrows going to shame chaos, and one of them needs a hand, literally. <br /> <br /> When one of the crowns sees the fright of peacocks and Jack, he starts yelling, running like hell and shooting his gun in a typical para-military way. So much so that all workouts are under pressure. She meets with others and stops in her stories to explain why she screams, runs away like hell and fires her weapon, even though the peasants seem to be pursuing her. Again, this script's logical thing ... Dead and gutted, Jack returns to the house and goes to the screaming after the usual result. If you listen to Jack's demonic murmur, by the way, you may note, depending on your age, that it is the same monster-sounding sound that is often heard in lost TV space episodes. <br /> <br /> The last two survivors are competing away from the house and back on the plane, barely escaping. But are they? You have to watch the movie.
