The orange tone was all just happy. Oh yes, the main character lives in a ghetto that is tinted with orange-toned people. In the meantime, he plays a video game of spiritual destruction from the destructive body of the body (which sucks that no rule is clear and logic does not match the game). Obviously he earns a game income, but he is not a gaming company employee. Many non-speaking pauses are later dragged into the story. It uses a glitchy orange computer interface that has such a visually annoying operating interface, and I can only suspect Microsoft's upcoming release. <br /> <br /> In the meantime, I ask viewers why he wastes his valuable time in a moral game when he hardly needs life? Oh yes, playing games is fun, but what if you're almost starving? While he lives his life, somewhat orange-tinted flat plays full immersion video games, his dog runs away (probably the owner who pays at least one moment of attention and feeds it regularly) or steals from a woman (if he ignores his bad orange tinted reality). <br /> <br /> In the meantime, he breaks some game when his game group lost all the uninteresting movie. Yawn. So he wants to be the best, go to them Ash Catchem (I could all wear us). Nice, this main character sucks as well as a human and has no redeeming qualities (which he could exchange for hostile poverty). <br /> <br /> That's how he's going to "Real level and at least not suck terribly, and he'll be sent to kill a former coward who lives spiritually at the" real "level. but he has the potential to say something along the lines of "the main character is trapped in the poverty created by the imaginary computer and he is actually in the real world." Maybe he is doing the murder and now lives in the real world? Wow! Thanks to the idiotic driver. You miraculously wonder, so much, director. could have said: "REAL WORLD exists and if you live in it and contribute to its improvement, it is not a bit of an orange-tinted country of poverty." The smart way to make this miracle-tacular film agonizing slow see a prime citizen's pride in learning (1% of viewers who have not found something that is currently being viewed or film-masochists). <br /> <br /> No, President. The director had to spin it all by twisting the screwed digital effect and destroying all the bribing possibilities of the buggy movie, which was a waste of money, a waste of time and a waste of the viewer's confidence. After that, it ends. Good release. I hope the director speaks. I put this HACK on my "avoid at all costs" list for other movies to which his name has been added.
