A ridiculous fluff that connects this mistake, trying to have meaning. Joan, this time as congressman, Agatha Reed, chairman of the commission's high pricing committee. Says congressor Reed, "The housewife has come too long for this neck. I am going to continue fighting long enough for the American family to take a break once a year, watch a movie every week and feed an elephant from time to time on peanuts." when he is awarded an honorary degree from Good Hope College, where he was expelled for a crime when he was overnight (the parallel with Joan's real life is misleading here, as it is in all Joan Films). The degree causes a lot of fear on the campus ("This would make this education the most comprehensive institution in history!")? but Joan doesn't know when he arrives. Jim Merrill, President of the College, played by Robert Young, has had Joan's former teacher in his hand? and lover. It was with him * that he spent the night all these years, but Joan felt that it was just better to disappear than to try and explain to the skeptical college that they were going to be married. Of course, this grand event is covered with * Life * magazine? and who is the photographer? Another one of Joan's old lovers? this, he hung in China during "war" and thinks Joan may have problems with his old flame. Eve Arden, who plays Joan's assistant, "Woodie," is the film's most subtle and wise-alecky in her movie? his unpleasant and unnecessary remark that would make you dismiss your job if you don't like it so much. But you don't just like Eve in all of his roles, adore him. He's so bad and pointless, you want to pay him to just hang around and be one of the boys. When Joan cries to his alma mater, Eve tells her it looks "tight." But Joan says maybe others see only a set of buildings, Joan, seeing the young? 18-year-old "eager, expectant, a little scared, asking," What is life? What am I? "" But if we really go deep into Joan in the 18th century, the truth may be a little different. <br /> <br /> This is a big problem for me in watching Joan's movie. You can call his characters whatever you want, but it's always all Joan. So, because what we always see is Joan himself, it's easy to give up the names of the character. It's just that it gets confused when Joan tries to tell us something wrong, like his own description at 18? when we know that at 18 o'clock Joan was already around the block. Many men would have described him with enthusiasm and, when they were waiting, he already had several abortions. But this is a personal problem and I'm going, but I just wanted to explain why I say things like "?? and then Joan does?" this or that, or "We see Joan as ..." if we don't literally watch a home film. <br /> <br /> Are you inadvertently entertained by Joan's Clara Bow doll, which she left behind in college? Fast arithmetic tells us that Joan and Clara were modern and this is a transparent move that makes us believe Joan is much younger than he actually looks. It fails. What also fails is the attempt in the early 50's political correctness. In the wild, Joan has written a book on free speech and made a film (not, not about a plumber) and he draws attention to Dr Pitt, a university radical at the beginning of the 1950s, who plans to unleash his views that are shockingly similar to Joan. This is where the film becomes a mysterious moral story that is weak but perhaps the only thing that keeps it unforgettable.
