Hamilton speaks of four Hamilton's siblings, the teenager Francis (Cory Knauf), the twins Wendell (Joseph McKelheer) & Darlene (Mackenzie Firgens) and the oldest David (Samuel), who is now responsible for the parent's parent. Hamilton's move is a lot, Franks is not sure why and in what way things are happy. The fact that his brother and sister are kidnapping, capturing and murdering people in the basement does not help to relax or soothe Francis's nerves. Francis knows something that is not just right and when he finally comes to the truth, things are never the same ... <br /> <br /> Mitchell Altieri & Phil Flores Butcher Brother (who is the only other the film director's credit is a remake of the April Fool's Day (2008), quite said), it was one of the "Films to Death" in the dark-dreaded stage of 2006 (or whatever it was called) & in adhering to all the other things I've seen, thought Hamilton was complete and complete. I found that the character was very bad, the very unlikely and slow-moving story could not capture my imagination or maintain interest for 85 and a half-minute 86-minute duration. At the end, there is a terrible twist that smiled loudly at me, this is a really long-lasting structure that is in the closet in the Hamilton basement, and it has finally turned out to be a little boy with a teddy bear. Should it scare us? Should it shock us? Is it really something that should tell us about it as a final credit? Is a harmless-looking boy the best "twist" the makers could come up with? Going to an eternal plot, it has never become clear where Hamiltones will get all the money to buy new houses, because none of them seem to be working (except for David in the slaughterhouse and I doubt it costs a lot) or why they are not busy before the present. The script attempts to blend in a strong drama with everyday drama, and it just makes a terrible job of combining the two so that neither aspect is memorable or effective. A really bad movie I want to say something good about. <br /> <br /> Despite the fact that Extremely Sounding Butcher Brothers has written and directed, there is no gore here, there is a bit of a blood splatter and some girls' scenes in the basement cellar, but something you couldn't do at home with bottle of tomato soup and video camera. The film is not scary and because it has a very middle-class suburban setting, it is zero in the atmosphere or in the mood. There's a lesbian and a hint of a kiss, but Hamilton is in a small place of use and there is not a lot of fear here. <br /> <br /> Filmed in Petaluma, California, the modern low budget looks at it, it's not badly done, but rather forgotten. An unknown (me) cast act is nothing to write home and I can't say I've ever known anyone. <br /> <br /> Hamiltones make cardinal sin as boring as he ever regains. Add a very thin story to it, no gore, no end of garbage and no character you don't hit and you have a movie that doesn't impress at all.
