Think of this pilot as "Hawaii Five-O Lite". It's set in Hawaii, it's an action / adventure crime drama, a lot of scenes features boats and palm trees and polyester fabrics and garish shirts ... this even stars character actress "Zulu" has a supporting role. Oh, there are some minor differences - Roy Thinnes should be a frontline secret representative and supportive cast is much smaller (and less interesting), but basically the atmosphere is the same. The problem is that "Hawaii Five-O" (another QM product) already existed and had been going on for years. He fulfilled market demand for the drama of Hawaiian-based crimes quite adequately. Code Name: Diamond Head may be designed as a hier-H50 because the older series eventually fell off ... but it's superfluous, the second copy. It is no wonder, but it is completely derived and does nothing so original. <br /> <br /> Here's some decent acting talent. Thinnes is an old pro and he gives his best picture and he's not bad. But Thinnes is only as good as his material and his director. Ian McShane is here as the master of evil spies called "tree" and McShane tends to be the most interesting actor in every scene he appears in. But he's calling his part here. Frances Ngyuen is quite exotic, but his incredible skin, opaque features, thick accent and wood delivery are not what dreams are made of. Probably the biggest mistake in the series was probably "romantic interest" for Thinnes. At least for the series aimed at white target audiences, Marsha Brady and Peggy Lee as our goddess of love. Give him another 30 pounds and a year of dialogue / voice with the trainer and he can cut it. Zulu is a bit enjoyable from his usual, but he is not the person who can carry the property himself. <br /> <br /> In addition, the plot and dialogue numbers are strictly side by side, and nothing can be distinguished from Quinn Martin. And until then, American television viewers saw a lot of QM productions .... I think "CN: DH" was one too much, and it dropped the traces. It wasn't really the actor's fault, and I hope they went away from it with a decent salary and another entry in their C.V.s. <br /> <br /> MST3000 restored it to its sixth season for treatment and had a lot of good character. Worthy of this version, if you enjoy the MST approach to the movie's Japanese and lampoon, but I can't imagine anyone with this pilot for any other reason.
