"Metamorphosis" has little cultural value just because it was written and directed by George Eastman. This Italian flipper is more or less a personality personality and in the late 1970s, he plays quite a lot about every production of Joe D'Amato spoken. Wouldn't it be interesting how expensive Euro-cult shoppers would have the only movie ever run by the "Dead Erotic Nights of Living Dead" who walked barefoot? I thought so! Now, unlike the movies he celebrated, Eastman's own "Metamorphosis" is a kind of disappointment in the gore & sleaze departments. The screen has a handful of unpleasant murders, cheesy monster effects and bare female bodies (a guest who looks like a sleaze-queen Laura Gemser!), But it's mostly a talkative movie. Beautiful and fictionist Dr. Houseman is at the breakthrough of science when he examines a person's DNA codes, if he suddenly threatens to work at the university to cancel his money. He developed the theory of decoding genes and blocking the human aging process, but if he does not need detailed reports soon, his research will be terminated. So Dr. Houseman does what every intelligent scientist does and injects untested serum into his veins. Needless to say (and as the title suggests), it slowly becomes a murderous monster that actually gets older much faster! In other words, his study sucked! Like the other reviewers already mentioned, does this movie borrow a lot of ideas about "David Cronenberg" flight? added a dramatic subregion of romance - but no added peculiarity. The big difference is that you feel constantly associated with Jeff Goldblum's "The Fly", while Dr. Houseman becomes another monster to be destroyed as soon as possible. The aspect of rapid aging syndrome also reminded me of the sadly underestimated giallo "The Fantasy of Death" by Ruggero Deodato, only the protagonist of this film inherited the disease and did not cause it itself. However, the physical deterioration of carriers is very similar in both films. Few fears or excitement to discover here, instead of having a lot of bad behavior, bad lighting, poor editing, and a completely slower climax. Feel free to skip it.
