If you have a bad day or a bad week. If you are looking for a movie that will laugh and forget your worries. I don't think role models are the movie that's for you. <br /> <br /> Danny (Paul Rudd) and Wheeler (Seann William Scott) Movie Centers Two juice promoters who go to school-promoting schools can prevent drugs and juice. But Danny has the worst week and his company car runs when Wheeler sits next to him. His soon-to-be girlfriend Beth (Elizabeth Banks), a lawyer, can avoid their imprisonment by doing hours of social service, volunteering with a big brother called Sturdy Wings, led by Gayle (Jane Lynch). Wheeler is assigned to Ronnie (Bobb's J Thompson), who is 10 years old and has an unpleasant mouth like Chris Rock. Danny is assigned to Augie (McLovins, Christopher Mintz-Plasse) who likes to dress like a knight and fight like he's in the Middle Ages. But is it good for Danny and Wheeler, or are they better in jail? <br /> <br /> Okay, I'm not gonna shrink, this movie was very unpleasant in many ways. Namely, the character of Ronnie, who heard the bad words coming out of the young young people, was very shocking. If he were a little older, he wouldn't be so much. I mean what his parents think when they sign it. The character of Elizabeth Banks is so invisible, maybe I had to feel my character badly, but I didn't feel anything because she was an irritatingly predictable woman who played in this type of comedy. And Jane Lynch, who is the worst. It offers the most redundant results. Playing a former drug addict who is still acting like drugs. Listening to her, it all gives me a tedious dialogue that made me want to throw my head against the wall. Seann William Scott plays another Stifler like character again, he should really try to separate himself and this movie doesn't do it. And the more Scott tries to be funny, the one that keeps him funny. <br /> <br /> Now, Paul Rudd, on the other hand, separates the movie from others because he directs me to get a definite result, even though he is not going to laugh any more, but he has a more interesting character. The reason why Rudd is not moving and not trying so much. Scenes with him and Mintz-Plasse are traceable. But the rest of the movie is so stupid as it starts at times. But it becomes so predictable and uninteresting. It's a reminder that this type of comedy doesn't try anything new, there's everything, they don't take any chances. Role models are an example of this.
