The disappearance is placed in the Mojave Desert when Jim (Harry Hamlin) and Patty Henley (Susan Dey) and their two children Katie (Basia A'Hern) & Matt (Jeremey Lelliott), along with Ethan (Jamie Croft), stop at a roadside restaurant and ask the old abandoned mining town in Weaver. No one claims to have heard about it, but it certainly exists and the family decides to take a detour to check it out and take some pictures. While in town, they take some pictures and look around, but when it comes time to leave their car, they won't start and they have to stay overnight. Looking around, they find the camcorder they play only to find shots of fear of a woman who says all her friends are missing, the next morning and their car is lost when things take a very bad move. What is Weaver's Secret? Will Henley ever live in that life ... <br /> <br /> Written, co-authored by Walter Klenhard, I must say that disappearance is one of the most irritating films I've ever seen. In the first 85 minutes, it was a pretty mysterious mixture of thriller and horror film, but then we are treated to one of the worst endings ever in film experience. The script suggests many different things, but never develops or validates. I sat there really intrigued about what is happening, the mysterious disappearance of families from the car, the last four tombs, the thing in the abandoned mines, the supernatural sand break, the sudden disappearance of Ethan and his unexplained recurrence, Sheriff's evil motives, the compass in the car, the crazy fall, the townspeople denied Weaver, and the possible side effects of the neutron bomb fell close to Weaver in the 40s, but they have all been thrown out of the window and all we know could have been completely separate random events. Everything was coming up nicely and created for a great twist of revelation, but none of them was coming, and instead I was treated to the most vague, strange, surreal and even devastating end. If nothing is done, it is largely in contradiction before and leaves the viewer with more questions than answers. It is almost the same if the makers had these great ideas, but then they didn't know what to do with them, and just finished on the spot. I just felt like I made so much effort to watch a movie, which can be quite slow from time to time, without any kind of reward, and in fact end up with a tooth stroke or two good fingers! <br /> <br Director Klenhard is doing a decent job here, the old ghost town has a certain atmosphere, and the large wilderness areas provide good isolation. It's well done, but what did they mean by the end? Nothing fits, nothing makes sense, and it's just a tremendous frustrating confusion that, after a matter of an hour and a half and a half, you get confused and want to know more. Despite being a horror movie, there is no blood or gore, though there are one or two horrible moments here. The film actually reminds of the relocation of The Hills Have Eyes (2006) for the big parts, because that is what the movie is built before the odd end that does nothing to close the movie. <br /> <br /> Technically, film is good, high-value, good special effects, kits, locations, and cinematography. Set in America but filmed in South Australia. Operation is good with decent pain. <br /> <br /> The disappearance is a very strange movie, for a long time it becomes a beautiful mystery of horror, but it never explains what happens and a truly surreal ending just throws more questions than answers. I really don't see anyone who did that with the head or the tail, I really can't.
