The disappearance is about a couple who takes their family vacation in New Mexico and find themselves in deep trouble after having set aside the main road to visit the city that was ostensibly abandoned in 1948 for unknown reasons. The city of Weaver seems to be harmless first and has a tourist appeal until the family is overnight, and they have reason to believe that others have experienced the same difficult situation with death. Henleys looks at the Blair-Witch-Project-esquire video diary left by the city's latest victim, which ironically shows everyone's best results. Although Hamlin and Dey's performances are much better than supportive pains, their emotional influence seems to me to be "flat" throughout the film. The disappearance is most of the film because there is a lot of distance and good direction. Nevertheless, the plot takes unexpected and unlikely turns, which seem to make no sense. Worse still, the film does not really understand what is going on exactly, which makes the strange end less acceptable. It seemed to me that the filmmakers were so focused on the streams of steep scenes that they threw away all the elements of making good stories: developing a plot, gradually explaining themes and symbols, leading to a single solution / outcome. <br /> <br /> For me, the hardest aspect of the film was that the first three quarters were spent on building up tension and curiosity on certain aspects of the plot, which was suddenly destroyed as if we hadn't done so. t worthy of explanation: <br /> <br /> What was the significance of Indian symbols on the walls? What happened to the original people of Weaver? What was the relationship with people with dinner? What did the Sheriff know? What had the missing boy discovered, did it? <br /> <br /> It was, in my opinion, a bad step because it caused some resentment. I had invested quite a bit of a brain power hypothesis about the credible explanations of some of these plots and strange events, just to make the filmmakers just stop it without answering any of these things. These are some nice clearances for ending miniseries that will be picking up next week, but a completely disappointing and inappropriate ending for an independent movie.
