This production never became ground for me. The plot is so cut that it is separated and the production is so short that if you haven't read the novel and have not seen a better adaptation (as in 1995 with Amanda Root), you are a little lost because there is no time to develop a character. <br /> <br /> I liked Sally Hawkins as Anne, but the rest fell short when they were supposed to be. Mrs Croft was too old, as did Anne's older sister Elizabeth. Mary spoke of all the embarrassing stress that her general misery and selfishness had disappeared. Much better was Sophie Thompson Mary, whose selfishness and feeling of misuse is so well proven that by the time Wentworth recommends that Anne be injured against Louisa and Mary, she must, as Louisa's sister right, stay instead, t imagine to someone who is less fit. In this version, it may stay as long as it is not sufficiently different from all other manufacturers. <br /> <br /> Rupert Penry-Jones is nice to watch, but he did a lot better at St. John Rivers (1995 by Jane Eyre), probably because this character required less indirect sensuality. I agree with earlier comments on the event: it seemed that he was trying to get rid of Anne as his favor. Similar to the accident scene: it happens so fast and with so little context that you don't know what is all the noise. And the speech that Wentworth is listening to in the novel to the beginning of production is a critical mistake that only contributes to the inseparable nature of the script. <br /> <br /> My second problem with this version was lighting. Sometimes all of the CSI grunts seemed to be very blue. At other times, the illumination was so bad that the scene was very difficult to point out, as when Anne visited her old school mate. Smith (who by the way should be more or less paralyzed) to Anne on the street to tell her that Elliot's terrible character was such a violation that for a few minutes I couldn't think who she was - I thought she was one Musgrove ' i girls. All the girls were pretty interchangeable. And at the end of the current scene ... in an age when fitness was first-class, it's hard to imagine the gentle tear of Anne all over Bath, like some demented hoyden. How can you get silly? Too bad. Sally Hawkins had all the good Anne Elliot, but she was slowed down by a badly organized script and overcut production.
