I love Jane Austen's stories. I only read two of them (P&P and S&S), but after that, I have come to "persuade" my bookstore to understand the story and also because I refuse to believe Jane Austen could have written such a mess. For me I thought that if you supported the movie for Jane Austen's novel, you can't really go wrong. By default, it turns out to be great. I was wrong. <br /> <br /> First, where are the characters you cover and who you like? You must have at least one pleasant character to make your audience invest their emotions in them, and it didn't. Of course, I wanted Anne and Wentworth to come together, but only because you know the story, they get together. Instead, I had to resist to throw my teapot on the TV and continue to look at it. <br /> <br /> Anne was completely irritating all the time and finally I have no idea why Wentworth was so beaten because she seemed not to be attracted to her. He was buggy, blissful, boring, socially inadequate, and came as sheep who followed the instructions of all others, not their own thoughts. However, it can work for a leading character if you do it well. It wasn't done well. Other characters simply showed different levels of narcissism, of which Mary was the worst, full of narcissistic personality disorder. When Mrs. Bennett had similar mistakes in P&P, she was still happy while Mary was rather joking. Wentworth was very beautiful and looked like a decent guy. Most of the story I just thought was what he was and why he is in love with Anne, as he certainly is, who would want a man who is a little more ... alive? To act, not to say too much when I reacted to the more depicting characters, not how good / bad people acted. Anthony Head was great, but as soon as I saw he was there, I didn't wait any less. <br /> <br /> I also found that this story is very confusing. It wasn't until the end of the movie that Elizabeth wasn't Anne's mother but actually a sister (I'm still not 100% of it). The whole story of Anne / Wentworth was also a bit blurry. They had been together, but then they broke down and they're both bitter? How? I thought about it for some time and the explanation seemed to be his dump because someone convinced it? But it was said by some "by by" that it was almost gone, as if it was somehow irrelevant. How is this irrelevant when it is the core of the story? There was also a lot of name-falls but real feelings about who these characters were. That Louisa man, who was she? Friend? Family? What? It was not very clear who are the different characters and their relationship. Lady Russell was there a lot, but why? Mrs Croft and Wentworth were brothers and sisters who felt very unreal when Mrs Croft seemed old enough to be her mother. <br /> <br /> The final kiss, yes, it was a bit strange when they were kissed on the street, but I didn't really think about it because I was too busy, "I cried for it!" on TV because Anne's lips trembled and trembled and trembled, which seemed like ages before they actually met Wentworth. Do you have some hesitation there, but only for a few seconds or not, not half a minute. <br /> <br /> Then the camera is working. As a regular film observer, no attention is paid to the corners and the ones if you decide to watch it. I didn't decide to do it here, but I noticed them yet. This means that filmmakers are not doing a good job. Many conversations were with extreme facialities that should only be used if there is a really important point. It was used too much in this adaptation, and so it didn't have any meaning. Sometimes the hand-held feeling did not work in the periodic drama. The camera is also running too late at the end of the current scene. (Not to mention running it yourself.) It was the only Austen adaptation I hit during the ITV Austen season. Makes me wonder whether it is worth looking at "Northanger Monastery" and "Mansfield Park" or if I should just read the books and leave it. I'm sad to say that this is a customization by Jane Austen that I didn't enjoy. Maybe I'm looking at the 1995 version. The BBC is also known after making Austen's beautiful adjustments.
