I didn't want to look at it. It seems like this is an old Raj Kanwari film that I was watching before, because I don't even consider him close to being a filmmaker. The only reason I did this is obviously Shahrukh Khan's appearance in the film. I didn't even know what the movie was, because I was sure it would be just a fairy tale. So I just imagined that there is a love story between Shahrukh Khan and Divya Bhart, which has an important role for Rishi Kapoor, whom I thought he would play with his father or uncle. And for my complete shock, Rishi Kapoor is actually a hero! She is the one who romantic young divya! I was sad to find out that Shahrukh had a small part of the substance and that it was only in the second part of the idiotic film. <br /> <br /> Just let me repeat the question: why should a 17 year old cute Divya fall into a 40 plus long-haired, plump, swollen piglet like Rishi Kapoor? Rishi Kapoor should shame this part; the only thing he did is ridiculous. She romanticized a girl who could logically be younger than her daughter and make things worse - acting like a teenager in her forties. Besides, he just feels more pathetic that he is playing a pop star ... <br /> <br /> To make things clear, I have no problems with participants who love women who are much younger than they are. As long as they make a convincing pair, there should be no problem. In fact, the leading actors have always been opposed to young girls (Amitabh Bachchan-Sridev, Mithun Chakraborty-Madhuri Dixi, Shahrukh Khan-Deepika, Salman Khan-Sneha Ullal) and changed the pair quite well. I also have nothing against Rishi Kapoor, I think he is a good actor and his act in Bobby is still well engraved in the heart, but it is not that he sees in a movie like saying: Shahrukh Khan, Salman Khan or Aamir Khan looks today out. <br /> <br /> It was such a disappointment. Oh, and since every person actually watched this movie, Shahrukh Khan made a good debut. He very little distinguished his part, which allowed him to do. The late Divya Bhart also made a promising debut. If you want to watch this movie, just go to the other side. Personally, I don't even do it.
