I'm not one of those people who went out of the movie based on the source material and automatically says, "The book was better." I know better than downgrading the film just because it was not a faithful adaptation. There is a long process and many decisions that make a film that is sometimes excluded from the control of the director / editor / operator / producer and certainly under the control of the original author. Therefore, it is unreasonable to assume that the film would be exactly the same, literally, as a book or a game or video game or Disneyland Ride or whatever! The film should be evaluated according to its standard and how it fits into society. In addition, a successful film should be made, because the material is important for the relevant society and if it is based on the source material, the filmmakers must re-examine and improve its importance. <br /> <br /> Such films follow this paradigm because, as it was based on a century-old novel Oil !, it seems to be appropriate, because things like the country of origin of the film about the war and energy in Iraq, the United States, were and are experiencing. Even King Kong, based on the original film, benefits from new technologies and animal rights concerns that people have. <br /> <br /> That's what I said, I just don't understand why they even worked hard to make this movie? Apart from great performances, guaranteed Oscar notes and the remuneration and royalty of Shanley's director / writers, this film seems to come from nowhere. It should have just been playing. The film (which is essentially the same as the game) does not talk about new sexual atrocities committed by the Catholic Church here and abroad, and in many cases covered. It doesn't say anything new or different than the original game. I can't help but compare it to another movie that appeared at the same time: Frost / Nixon, which was also based on the game. Frost / Nixon, though Nixon's regret, seems to be appropriate, as it seems that it has come at a time when President Bush left office. It is a pity that Nixon, as shown in the game / film, about war and his presidency, may well be reflected in Bush and his presidency. In this regard, Frost / Nixon seemed much more appropriate and indeed benefited from the wider spread of the film because he spoke and thought about the political situation in the country at that time. Conversely, it seemed suspicious that it was yesterday's news and it seemed that it didn't offer something that the game didn't offer. <br /> <br /> Of course, the movie is "good", that the performances are outstanding and the scenario adjustment is appropriate, but what? Why didn't it just play? Why, in addition to marketing and financial reasons, make it a movie? This gave the audience something new to talk about a terrible topic.
