The Oscar season has arrived, so it means that their deep, enthralling, powerful bands are in the cinema, hoping to get an audience and have the chance to earn a bigger picture at a big show. Among them is the film based on a very popular and well-recognized game. The original playwright was actually a film adaptation writer and director; which is a double-edged sword. On the one hand, who better to play than the original writer? On the other hand, who does not see the mistakes and shortcomings of the game better and confirms them as the original writer himself? Doubt interferes with great actions and a lot of tension and tension; frustrating end, unnecessary dialogue, questionable referral and, of course, inability to give meaningful answers. Among these "high quality" films, there is a growing trend not to answer all the questions it offers and it must end. <br /> <br /> Doubt is like a joke without this stroke, like a book with the absence of the last 20 pages, such as losing reception when you watch the fourth quarter of a hotly challenged football game, and as there is no 50 cents to continue playing the arcade game and see what happens next. Doubt, like No Country for Old Men, is not really over; it does not give us significant answers and does not give us enough end. Yes, it was intention, but it is not a test of humanity, it is a challenge. I do not pay money to see unfinished work, I pay money to see the beginning, the middle and the end, and pray that I will not sleep during the three acts. We are forced to become the "writers" of the film, filling the void of what happened earlier and what happens to the characters we saw in shouting at each other. <br /> <br /> This little drama is a nun (Meryl Streep) who seems very confident that the beloved priest (Philip Seymour Hoffman) is making sexual progress towards the child who goes to the church; first afro-american boy in catholic church. The Church is secretly torn because of the scary sins behind everyone. The parcel thickens as some children begin to behave differently, attracting a young teacher (Amy Adams). The story has been set right after the murder of John F. Kennedy, which has shaken the people for some time and questioned their faith in humanity and in each other. <br /> <br /> The strong points of doubt come from the drama, and also the ever-tempting break that builds slowly and never boils. Streep seems to be Oscar-worthy in every role he has, and here he is not different, because his stern and cold-hearted behavior fears all students and some church workers. Hoffman shines again as a priest, successfully blaming doubts about a charming personality and a friendly aura. A seemingly hypocritical personality is tough to pull out, especially if we think he likes and also thinks about him at the same time; but Hoffman is taking up the best actresses of one of our generations and offers fantastically. If these two claim, you will hear the fireworks flying without ever seeing any launches. But don't forget that Amy Adams (Enchanted) and Viola Davis (the right advertising management) are for their excellent work. Doubt's casting band is one of the best in 2008. <br /> <br /> However, as mentioned earlier, this movie and board are destroying this movie, especially when the third factor falls. Questions will appear but will not be answered. Characters appear but do not provide real-time real-time parameters. Children behave differently, but we never know why. Uncomfortable angle in camera work? Player writer John Patrick Shanley had one of the leading repertoires of the previous film: Joe Versus Volcano. Regardless of whether it is arrogant or stupid, we are stuck when we see the uplifting queues of the random conversation, giving us annoying quarrels that don't end in the end (two minutes of coffee and how much sugar the priest wanted) thanks to Mr. Shanley. /> <br /> Bottom line: Lack of end is a stupid trend that is as irritating as adventurous camera work in movies. It does not matter that we have an excellent talented actor or a decent cinematography or a good story that is being developed, or good use of sound and music; because we have a barrier to unanswered questions that dumps all over the 100-minute movie, doesn't even stop! Translation from the game to the film is good and quite accurate, because we have the original Madmen of the project, but he also made mistakes and foolish luxuries in the game. This decade has seen its share of explosives and high-quality films that would have got a much higher score from me if they had just decided to add a few minutes of material and actually finish: side-by-side, old men are not, burns after reading are some examples . <br /> <br /> News: Stop your stink movie. Please or at least give us a lot of tips to fill empty (like Wall-E's depressing backstories) instead of getting into space when credit suddenly runs and you have a feeling of emptiness, confusion, and mental anxiety. Do you have a start, middle and end! As a critic I prefer my films to be healthy, not complete. Doubt seems incomplete, so he gets an incompetent class. <br /> <br /> Somebody has to break this foolish trend.
