Intergalactic criminal Kol (Ross Hagen) has been condemned to death and awaits execution on a spacecraft that is designed for this purpose. But tonight there will be a jailbreak and Kol will flee to a conveniently located refugee post and fly to Earth (which is probably close). There, he faces a group of "teenagers" (who see thirty) and a toy keeper (John Phillip Law) who help protect him from his worst nightmare - the bounty hunter and the condemned (or more properly "gynoid") alien. <br /> <br /> On the box cover I was sure it would be a terrible movie. But as terribly as it turned out, it was also a lot of fun (probably at least partly because I was looking at someone who happens to be intensely fantastic). Director (Fred Olen Ray), who specializes in making more than a hundred low-quality films (especially "Hollywood chainsaw hooks") does what he does best and throws a plot that only makes sense in half and gives us a primitive effect . Bonus: P.J. Soles appear (like "Tara"), probably at a low point in your career. <br /> <br /> Of course, there are holes in the plot. Why is California's mountainous rednecks (supposedly Los Angeles County when I understood it correctly). What is the space for a woman's sticky blouse? Why is the captain of a ship a sub-block that is trying hard to win his heart if that story doesn't go anywhere? What the hell is "Quadrant 5"? How does a channel chanel create an electromagnetic field that would shorten the android, but landmines do practically nothing? Why does Kol look like a drunken emphysema footballer? And Lund boy (Robert Clarke) ... is his character even a point? Is the game he plays with the captain a point? Does this film have any idea? But the biggest secret is the android (or gynoid) transferor, played by Teagan Clive. What is an "alien"? Why does it look like Daryl Hannah from "Blade Runner" but much bigger? Because see if something is cyber, it's human. But if it's on android, it's all on the machine. It was an android, so there was no reason to watch it for people. It might have seemed like something. Yet he was designed by his size, David Bowie's hair and a swimsuit that shows me a little too much. If you are going to make a female android, wouldn't it be to be seductive and to attract enemies? The mission is not complete. They say beauty is in all shapes and sizes, but I think I found a huge exception. <br /> <br /> If the "Mystery Science Theater 3000" was still present today, this movie would be confusing from a very short list of films. <br /> <br /> Over the nervous, nasty stranger (sorry, I know, female weightlifters are tough) the film is fine. Maybe the story is not much and maybe the characters are not very interesting. And maybe the deer scene is extremely incredibly divine - what is a killer robot with a deer? But in general, I liked the film. I'm not going to bring this to my friends or get out to my local video store, so the last DVD copy (which I'm sure it's full of amazing special features - not). But I think I can see the time of this movie well spent and look forward to similar adventures in the future.
