One year before ILSA, SS-WOLF, BLACKSNAKE, it could have just been called SUSAN, SHE-WOLF OF PLANTATION, and apparently inspired the Nazi family-goers for their notorious films because the stories are identical: proud, horny, head strong (but stupid) a blonde woman worsens and kills many of the people she controls who all hate and want her dead. Sounds familiar? The director of the ILSA flop producer Russ Meyer and David Friedman are good friends and they started their career together. So, there is probably a connection there. Looking at BLACKSNAKE, I can't guess Russ Meyer wanted to move on and do something other than his typical busty women epics because XXX movies were in the mid-1970s rage and Russ Meyer movies, though full of nudity and kinkiness and violence, no had never even been close to real porn. His films began to look positively alongside DEEP THROAT and other hard nuclear packages. Meyer knew he couldn't compete with such films and BLACKSNAKE was the end result of such a shepherd during his career. Obviously he wanted to branch out into a different uncharted area. But BLACKSNAKE bombed B.O. and Meyer quickly returned to VIXEN-type movies, which, even though they were still not pornographic, were definitely more than their previous films. <br /> <br /> No wonder BLACKSNAKE was a BO failure. It's just terrible. Trash-o-rama. Jaw-droppingly bad. It can be slavery if you can imagine it. The end result is jarring. For a minute, we are in the typical Meyer territory: overflowing, playful and silly, and then the next minute, a very serious meditation of slavery and violence. Ah? It just doesn't work. The aspect of slavery / racism is wrongly misunderstood and is in the category of the real exploitation of the film. However, BLACKSNAKE is not as slippery as ILSA SHE WOLF and these films, so I imagine that its fans are disappointed with it, explaining that this movie is not of interest to the exploits or Russ Meyer fans. Meyer accuses BLACKSNAKE of failing because I quote: "There were not enough breasts in it." Well, I'm sorry Russ, but the movie is just bad, chest or not. But he's right, though he's talking about a low chest. With the exception of Anouska and Maid, the movie is cast from a male. Meyer replaces his usual chick babes with a huge bunch of massive trousers, anonymous black actors who play slaves and a great David (Darth Vader) Prowse. And Anouska's right-handed man depicted ruthlessly, but wisely as a gay man who enjoys his power over men, can only wonder what Meyer really tried to create here. <br /> <br /> BLACKSNAKE stands for David Warbeck, who is for Anouska and his right hand. Poor David. It looks like all the experience is completely gone. He seems to make the movie fun, but you can clearly see that sometimes he has no idea what's going on. And then there is Anouska Hempel. She is a beautiful woman ... in the 1970s, not in the 1870s. Her makeup and hair look like a typical 1970's Brit pin-up baby as a turn of the century. And her wardrobe is fun. At once she releases her leather boots! I didn't know there were zippers in those days. But what he plays is in itself humiliating (no punishment is provided). He is nothing but an object of frustration and intimidation for every man (and woman). For example, one night when David and Anouska begin to do this, his annoying slave leader walks in space, captures David unconsciously and tries to rape him, grabbing him maliciously. The next day the slave leader is still working at Anouska and the two are acting like nothing. That's completely ridiculous. In any case, if his character were a real person, Anouska would have forced the slave leader to be meaningless and kicked out of the island behind him. Or even he was killed. But the fact that a woman keeps her after planting her, trying to rape her, drives the terrible story and beliefs of the characters to the maximum. <br /> <br /> Such ridiculous details and a thoroughly blaxploitation angle make the BLACKSNAKE a strangely unpleasant but observable film. Tracked train wreck variety. I just couldn't look at this film for just that completely unjustified aspect (great cinematic art is easier to watch). So, this is a movie of exploitation, I think it managed to do what it was supposed to do. But BLACKSNAKE is mainly for Russ Meyer graduates.
