I've been watching some episodes of this exhibition and found that certain elements are quite interesting considering the medical facts that can be learned. But it is completely built and broken by the endless immoral relationship between the stars of the exhibition. Everyone seems to have slept with almost everyone, even during working hours, which is ridiculously unrealistic. The whole exhibition does not seem to have a definite, lasting marriage or relationship - everything is broken and stupid - it is hardly a reflection of all Americans. Indeed, there is a complete lack of respect for marriage or monogamy, and it is truly perfect. <br /> <br /> Then we have infinitely few moral dilemmas, and they are usually resolved by dropping someone who disagrees with the overwhelming management and staffing of private practice. For example, in one of the last episodes where we rarely present a child born of an insecure sex and Addison refuses to do the operation because we should decide to have the baby to decide their gender later. Anyone who disagrees is depicted as immature and stupid. And I think someone who is against abortion would be offended by how the exhibition treats pro-lifers. Addison commented that no person had any opinion on the matter and, for moral reasons, had only one black character to counter abortion. The general feeling was that if you're against abortion, you're a freak - barely known in the US. The exhibition has two main characters claiming that they had younger abortions and had no excuses or regrets, despite the fact that studies have shown that women can get intense depression. What's more, the young girl arrives at the clinic for abortion, and then thanks the workers for their escape, and someone talks about how they helped this young person, and that was something to inspire. The script could have been written as a projected childhood. <br /> <br /> All in all, this is a cheap example that lacks much of the future unless it decides to provide more real relationships than just a completely unbelievable soap opera relationship and advanced medical situations around the world. the whole show.
