Choke begins as a rock band called Chokeeks to prepare a concert at a nightclub called Club 905, owned by Guy Johnson (Andrew Parker). Singer Dylan (Sean Cook) and guitarist Mike (Jason McKee) intend to tell other band members, the bass player London (Brooke Bailey) and drummer Nancy (Tom Olson) that they both go solo and their services are no longer needed. Once at Dylan, he does, but Mike doesn't appear and the kid turns into a disaster. Then, as the band thinks things didn't get worse, they find the body in the basement that all the doors are locked so they can't get out and they can't trust anyone when the mysterious killer starts picking them off one by one ... < br /> <br /> Producer and director: Juan A. Mas Choke is a normal numbered person who really can't do anything. The script by Jessica Dolan & Susannah Lowber (not too many horror films that are pennies for women) is somewhat surprisingly good in character and some great dialogue, but although it is much better than many modern frames from the type of camcorder in this regard it is so slow and boring that even some interesting characters can't go anywhere near this recording. As one would expect all ordinary teenagers to click, victims cannot escape from an isolated location, good-looking teenagers who continue to split, some murders, and a really bad twist that tries to mimic something like Scream (1996) and be surprising, but don't think it logically thinks (they wouldn't have been able to do some of the things they had to do) and make things worse, which I thought the killer was quite early on and though I don't want to boast, I was on the spot. Then it is true that The Choke makers felt that the audience's entertainment is showing endless (well-looking endlessly) showing dark scenes of teenage scenes without doing anything, I'm sorry, but there are so many scenes that I I can take it before it becomes annoying. The number of kills is low, first they decide to stay together (a good idea), but then they decide to randomly share and leave their paths (a bad idea when the killer is open), the pace is sleepy, the kill scenes are unimaginable and the twist of the top is unimaginable bad. <br /> <br /> Director Mas does it well, the film looks mostly out, though it is odd where he uses some annoying posts in production editing techniques such as slow motion or skipping. Gore levels are not really reset, there are some blood sprays, a man with a hole in the chest, some dead bodies, and someone against some metal bolts. Most kills happen on the screen and the ax kills at the end of a good example of a movie that really doesn't show anything. Since the film is about a rock band, it has a pretty rock-oriented soundtrack with harsh and terrible rock songs. I'm sorry for rock fans, but for my ears it's just a mess of noise. It is not scary, there is no real atmosphere, and the lack of blood and gore is simply unforgivable if the rest of the film is so bad. <br /> <br /> The estimated budget is about $ 1,000,000. Production values ​​are cheap, but not as cheap as many low budget horror movies. Shown in Washington, Spokane. Acting is one of the strongest films because it's generally pretty good, I think no one wins the Oscar, but it's not half bad. <br /> <br /> Choke is a perfectly routine Scream style teen slasher that is one of the weakest twist endings ever & criminal lack of blood, gore, violence, nudity, and dead body. I mean, if slasher doesn't have any sex or gore, what's the point? These are the only things that the average slasher is worth looking at, right?
