"Carriers" follow the exploitation of two boys and two gals in a stolen Mercedes with a joyful rider who pulls it along the highway, which has pushed tables at the top of his car. Brian (Chris Pine, "Star Trek") drives and his girlfriend Bobby (Piper Perabo "Coyote Ugly") is a shotgun, Brian's younger brother Danny (Loubo Taylor Pucci, "Fanboys") and his friend - not just a girlfriend - Kate (Emily VanCamp "The Ring 2") sits in the back seat. This twentieth character quartet lives in a nightmare. The American pandemic of viruses has probably been destroyed - what the co-organizers and co-organizers Alex Pastor and David Pastor told us nothing. Of course, the absence of exposure will disappear for at least fifteen minutes, which would have slowed down this cynical melodrama about how people degenerate during the crisis and become their worst enemies. <br /> <br /> This deadly virus gives you shingles and then bleeding and dying. Most everyone runs around wearing a white mask attached to their nose and mouth with a thin rubber band. Initially, it encounters foursome desperate father Frank (Christopher Melon, "Runaway Bride") and his lovely little daughter Jodie (Kiernan Shipka "Lost Earth"), blocking the road with his SUV. Brian turns around Frank when he tries to hit them, but in this process, the oil bath breaks his Mercedes and they stop walking. They reluctantly grab Frank with Jodie's seal on the back of the SUV. She wears a mask between her nose and mouth and is stained with blood. Frank has heard doctors treat the sick in the hospital and they go to it. Unfortunately, someone has lied to Frank. Hospital care gives Kool help to the last couple of children, putting them out of their misery. The drug did not improve their condition. All others in the city are dead. Kate is trying to successfully select a tone for every phone. Frank realizes that his daughter has no hope and will let the heroic quartet fit and up on his SUV. <br /> <br /> Indeed, "Carriers" qualify, as a relentless film, for four of the consequences of a pandemic, who degenerate into murder killers to defend themselves. They reach the country club and grab the golf course until four of the four see the smoke and masks equipped with pump guns. Incredibly, our protagonists are able to escape without firing, but Brian is scary when he almost falls into a floating shell. Finally, they discover that one of them is infected. Later, when they start to run out of gas, Brian blocks a highway like Frank at first. Danny is trying to stop a couple of older Christian women who drive. Danny is lying that his pregnant woman is born and needs their help. Brian throws the wind gently and blasts with his automatic pistol when they refuse to help them. Brian gets a slut from the rider, but he kills him. No, "Carriers" is not a beer and pizza movie that you can laugh or laugh at, because humor is virtually nonexistent. At the end of this 84-minute movie, our heroes have become villains who care about themselves and their situation. Chris Pine has the impression that the fun loving Brian and his energetic power are the only reason to hang this hockey, while the only other famous actor, Piper Perabo, is a submissive girlfriend. Like Bobby, he makes a tragic mistake to show compassion to a deadly girl and pay terribly. The result of Pine is that she can change her character by putting her in front of others. Basically the pine is the only role that gives him the opportunity to draw a happy man from a happy man for eighty years. <br /> <br /> Two directors are Spanish brothers and they will never let the flag fly. Because visibility is not alleviated, "carriers" absorb predictability. "Irréversible" operator Benoît Debie does a fantastic job on his widescreen, and as unpleasant as this journey changes, Debie turns into a dynamic movie. Apart from the lack of a happy ending or closure, in some respects the word "carriers" suffers because it is so terribly cynical. A scene where German shepherds attack Danny the most, but even that could have been improved. Unfortunately, pastoral brothers do not care so much about tension or tension. With Fade-Out, you really don't care what happens to anyone.
