In the late 1970s, the animator Don Bluth, who cheated his company, Disney, despised the mouse house to form his own studio. His first production, NIMH SECRET OF, was a great feature that still works well. This was followed by American soldiers and lands before both were with Steven Spielberg and were commercially successful. Although none of these two films had a dark adult complaint from NIMH, they are still a very charming and enjoyable feature for both children and adults. But for a long time, Don Bluth had his first major interruption with ALL HEADS TO USE; The critics were particularly harsh about the film and things were not helped by the fact that it was opened with Disney's LITTLE MERMAID. <br /> <br /> Given that the film has such a friendly sounding title, you could expect all the HOWS to HEIGHT to be a pleasant family price. Instead, Bluth offers a surprisingly dark story that includes gambling, fraud, crime, abuse and murder. This is not in itself a problem with the animated function, but it questions whether the film is for children. On the other hand, it is difficult to say whether adults have a lot of joy in ALL COLD. In short, it is a film with a great identity crisis. <br /> <br /> The New Orleans harsh spam movie begins when shepherd and tumble German Shepherd Dog Charlie B. Barkin works over his former gambling casino partner, a nasty, ciggling pitbull, Carface. Before you know it, Charlie finds the sky, though by default. Here he tells that all dogs go to heaven, because unlike humans, dogs are usually loyal and kind. This line represents the confusion of the film, because the dogs in the movie that are out of the way are presented as something else. <br /> <br /> When he realizes that he is murdered, Charlie steals his way back to Earth and plots to get even with Carface. With his taxi partner Itchy reluctantly helping Charlie "save" the Carface Prize, AnneMarie, the man who can talk to animals (to predict who wins the rat). Charlie says he helps the little one find his family, but he actually uses his abilities to win so he can build his own more complex casino to bring Carface down. Although she refuses to admit it, Charlie is growing in love with AnneMarie ... <br /> <br /> The concept of story is not as problematic as filling. Apart from the human girl AnneMarie and the amazing musical alligator, who appears in about three quarters (with Ken Page's vocal tubes), no other characters come in worthy or honest words. Unfortunately, this also applies to Charlie; trying to make him an anti-hero, the script (which consists of more than ten writers) only succeeds in changing the character TOO. As such, the viewer feels Charlie's empathy, and worse, his redemption at the end of the film is not so convincing. (Burt Reynolds's vocal presentation is a further detriment to the character.) After the lack of a loving cord, another problem with the film is the story. The slow-paced plot jumps over the place and makes it a habit to throw extra scenes that don't serve any purpose but to turn off the movie's working time. The above-mentioned musical alligator (who lives with indigenous sewers infected with wild rats) seems to have been thrown somewhere, as does the scene where Charlie tries to show his generosity to AnneMarie by feeding pastel colored pups' seal. The whole scenario seems to be a tough first draft; a little more polish could have made it more tense, more influential in the story. <br /> <br /> Charlie Strouse and T.J. Kuenster (AnneMarie's Song and Gator Ballads are the only good ones, the latter are especially useful for Ken Page's mellifluous song) or uneven voice. As mentioned, Burt Reynolds' stiff and inanimate Charlie reduces his already unlikely character (the only exception is the fiery confession to Itchy about his true intentions to the end). Dom DeLuise, like Itchy, is pretty good, but he has better roles, especially the Tiger American American soldier and Jeremy NIMH in SECRET. As mentioned, Ken Lehel has something he does, but his character is so small that his overall contribution is the best. Likewise, Loni Anderson (collier who once threw a litter of Charliega), Melba Moore and Charles Nelson Reilly. Judith Barsi, as AnneMarie, is probably the only voice that is truly memorable, partly because her character is the only legally pleasing this frustrating and cheerful show. <br /> <br /> Next to the barge, the only real positive for ALL is COLLECTION at an animation. Technically, this film has the most imaginative visual features of the Blut team (according to the standards of the 1980s), especially the scary scene where Charlie has a nightmare to reach the fiery underworld dominated by the giant satanic canine demon. If anything, the film is more of a triumph of animation than storytelling. <br /> <br /> But in general, I can't recommend that all dogs be happy. Although I admit that the film has its fans and the climax gives a fair amount of energy and a moving conclusion, the overall package in the same league as Blutd's efforts is not. The admirers of animators admire the lush art, but by the time it is over, all dogs can go to high directions with a very bad taste.
