I'm a big fan that makes you think. I still think about it for quite a long time, completely seven minutes after the credit. What is really confusing about my neurons is an attempt to understand the importance of nude girli cheese that loves its slippery oily body that is extra sticky when filmed cheaply. It happens three times and I was sure it will be finally explained. I believe against filmmakers that it would be justified to try to attract viewers. It wasn't like that. <br /> <br /> The film must be the most apathetic in the genre. Sets look like a cross from the 1970s Dr. Who and somebody's badly developed idea in a sponge-colored living room. Lighting is unimaginable (if your kits are so bad, shoot them at least in darkness to hide the plasterboard and create a comfortable atmosphere). From the kidnapped quartet, the girl looks very flat, but none of them are personality. Aliens' plans to dominate the world are just stupid - all they need is a contraceptive pill and their problems are solved. Most of the film consists of people running in the corridors. Yes, it's really so exciting. The special effect of the "quick gun" is ... curious, at least say (what is a weapon that takes 15 seconds of a concentrated blast to kill, and even then will a man go back more?). The script is like an A-team's bad episode and ladies-hairstyles come from the same time, so they look like school teachers, not a predatory team of intruders of murderous aliens. When we finally see what foreigners actually see, they are stopped in animation and can never get out of their boxes. The story resolution - the betrayal alien is just a few words with the invading fleet commander and without the other guessing that he is headed home - is indeed a sign that a writer who has never had a more complicated idea than a Saturday morning comic (I mean bad ones who don't have a plot, activity or characterization) in your life. <br /> <br /> But seriously, what is a naked chick?! Was it really just that they could justify putting meat on the DVD cover to increase sales?
