Noel Coward, a witty and urban man, had friends with Louis Mountbatten. Mr Coward, a long-time seaman's expert, could order a story based on the loss of a Mountbatten ship. found that the king's naval film, which would lose the sea experience, would be a good propaganda. talk with a very crowded voice and sing complicated "point" songs in the list of the Admiralty House at a very high level or at least one hope not. The captain must serve and maintain respect for the maintenance room as well as the lower deck. . Mr Coward could have respected gentlemen choir at Drury Lane and Binkie Beaumont might have been scared of him, but his ability to tame, mold and direct the ship's crew during the war must be questioned. the bridge, which patronizes other ranks and commanded the officers' orders, needed only silk clothing and a cigarette holder to feel at home. Much has been done about the "warship as a microcosm of British society", and the team is largely made up of the usual joyful contractions, the southern dwarfs, etc. who cannot fight the war. They spend most of their time smoking, waking up for Lord Haw Hawi and getting blown. Don't forget there is much more to come from. When they are on the shore, they go straight to the pub where they spend most of their time smoking, comforting Lord Haw Haw and colliding. In contrast, the door covered with Coward's Rose Dream House lives somewhere very quiet, with very little probability blown up. She, her husband and their two rosy cheeks, swirling, talking in ridiculously twisted tones and saying that a woman's wife spends a lot of time knitting things for poor misfortunes, consisting of her team and referring to her family names. This nice young champion Johnny Mills is eye-catching Above the incredible lower deck type, worshiping Mr Coward much the same way as a beaten dog worshiping his master. cheek, probably because he may be pregnant after such an unlimited passion. So yes, we have the microcosm of British society here, but maybe it is not the way we "serve" the manufacturers. Finally, Mr Coward will be able to patronize one of his last men, as a few survivors will confuse him, "say goodbye to Edwards, it was a privilege to ride with you," he says, as if he had said "How is now a brown cow". This may be David Lea's debut, but Noel Coward's hand tends to make this picture big. He was a funny and clever man who was better suited to writing snapshots between poor little rich girls and boys who had alternated with casual jokes. He had undoubtedly a talent for fun, but he could not write or speak convincing dialogue. As Noel Coward was a full-time job, he had no time to be a real person.
