Cecil B. deMille's 1922 Saloon-Prison Trainer, Manslaughter finds that the lovely Leatrice's joy is good-hearted, but decadent, younger, with more money than she knows what to do. His negligence leads to imprisonment, which in turn leads to his revival. Thomas Meighan is a Crusader lawyer who has made his own personal ride to bring out Lydia's (joy) goodness and wholesomeness, but he goes along with alcohol and when he is released is to save himself! <Br /> <br /> If the plot does not sound too bad, you will floor it with an unpleasant presentation. The quality of DeMille's direction is very low and it doesn't show any special skills that are unique to it. Photography is standard and flat, and editing is hardly dynamic. Could easily classify it as a fashion show and be pretty right. DeMille can dress up with so many different clothes (evening dresses, golf costumes, car rides, furs) with Miss Joy that it could be a 1922 fashion. <br /> <br /> One thing is disappointing if photography or editing or direction is an actor that is mostly flat and wood. If this is not the case, it is just a routine silent gesture, rolling eyes, shifting the eyes, and deliberate routing and hand movement. What today's viewers would have livened up with the looting of some of the worst silent movies and chewing the scene is just cumbersome. The only member of the creativity who succeeds in all the top levels is Lois Wilson, who is not only beautiful but also able to play his role naturally. He's convincing and loves tears of close-ups when you don't read the moral title card that follows his mouth. As I said, everyone else is strangely routine, Joy, Meighan, even Julia Faye. His performance here is a good argument as to why he never achieved a real stardom. <br /> <br /> The worst and fun part of this movie is the heavy moral tone that carries it all. The Meighan character has many headlines in which he talks about how American young people are diminishing their moral attitudes and are immediately returning to Roman decadence. (Add an absurd setback) This movie's morality is described as Victorian, but it is further. In reality, it is so little that I feel that at this time, the audience has not taken it seriously when today's viewers received it. <br /> <br /> This movie is exactly what the "typical" silent film with archaic moral structure, wood, and bad tendency to think of is unknown. DeMille shows that he can be a terrible director with no sense of pace, camera placement or ability to handle script or actors. I cannot imagine anyone who is serious about this in his right mind. Bored, slow, and idiotic, I recommend filming it quietly like myself.
