Tyrannosaurus Azteca is set in the sixteenth century, when the famous Spanish researcher Hernando Cortes (Ian Ziering) has landed in Mexico the six best men, including Lieutenant Rios (Marco Sanchez), they intend to apply for land in Spanish and possibly steal gold if there is an opportunity. After a few minutes, they are instantaneously from the local Aztecs, a few minutes after Cortes and his men are detained and detained. If it wasn't bad enough, then it turns out that a couple of Tyrannosaurus Rex lives there and likes to eat local people to win their Spanish offer, which helps local people get rid of their monster problem, but with different hidden agendas & rear motives are not just dinosaurs they have to watch ... <br /> <br /> Director Brian Trenchard-Smith (who also made one of my all-time favorite Turkish shoot (1982) which I recommend to everyone and everyone) and also more commonly known as the Aztec Rex attack (title changed the Sci-Fi Channel when they took it, as the original title of the Tyrannosaurus Azteca sounds like it could be a foreign film) it's another idiotic and cheap-looking Sci-Fi Channel 'Creature Feature' and that's all you know. Actually Spanish Conquistador Cortes and during the Mexican expedition, the film will certainly not try to achieve historical accuracy, although I admit that the story is trying to do something a little bit different, but in the end Tyrannosaurus Azteca is still a "Creature Feature" with a number of people running a monster from a poor CGI computer, despite its periodic setup. Not too sure what I can still say, even though the usual clichés have been set here centuries ago, the characters are the usual cardboard clippings, make stupid decisions and selfish, heroic, upside down, the victim of the face who exists just to eat and the beautiful woman is all here and easily noticeable. The film is predictable, silly, boring, and does not lead to any level of entertainment, although it moves at a decent pace, and there are one or two seminal gore moments when such a thing interests you. The story is not so good and there are many holes, it is also a movie you have completely forgotten in a few days. <br /> <br /> Now I've seen and commented a lot on Sci-Fi Channel 'Creature Features' and usually CGI computer effects are terrible, and although Tyrannosaurus Azteca can't recognize this trend, there are some effects that look good, but then they are usually destroyed by totally terrible effects. There are also some decent effects, there is a cut heart, a boy's bite, there are some bleeding, a cool boy who leaves his gut after being attacked by a dinosaur, there are some dead bodies and somebody carved into the hole. T-Rex can also eat a few people. The production values ​​are really cheap, the Aztecs look like one of the attractions of the theme park, made from Styrofoam, and these Spanish men have to be caught in cinematography in the worst room in captivity, which is said to hold them lower than men. it could have just stepped out and escaped because it was so small. <br /> <br /> About $ 900,000 of the estimated budget I don't see where the money went, was probably fired in O'ahus Hawaii for fifteen days. Acting is not someone I've ever heard. <br /> <br /> Tyrannosaurus Azteca is not really better than any other cheap Sci-Fi channel "Creature Feature", despite the almost interesting and unusual assumption that the basic statement should in principle be enough to decide if you enjoy it or not (probably not).
