EPSILON, a.k.a. ALIEN VISITOR, is not what I expected. This is not an Australian budget film that has no special effects other than accelerated movie and fast scene trimming. A female alien (who arrives immediately able to speak from a perfectly emphasized Australian) can "slip" from time to time and change her perception of the flow of time to match "faster" people. /> The elder grandmother tells her two grandchildren the story of a man who talked to him 40 years earlier, when he named "he" came to the planet naked and completely disoriented, unable to recognize what a star in the sky he came ... He will only meet Australia Outback camping, apparently amazing. He is here under "error" and gets angry when he is told he is on Earth. The painters are known as the perfect despots for the environment and a metaphor for the most universal imaginative thing: those who "breathe air", but do nothing about it by sticking their heads under the sand like an ostrich. In the second entertaining metaphor, the "frogs" are the fruits. <br /> <br /> From there it is a complete film of dialogue, because the puzzled man tries to understand that he is a peculiar psychology and viewpoint, even if he calls him uncomfortable and "peculiar". The man begins to realize that this is a person who is irrational and does not think directly. However, he sees that he is looking forward to returning home, that this person is not completely faulty in his thinking and even falls in love with him. <br /> <br /> Perspectives about the places of interest in the dialogue but it's all layered with great delivery with an environmental message and a low budget feeling (there are only two main players who drag around the various deserted scenes and the evil despoiling people on the planet have never seen it at all). The environmental statement does not provide solutions, but paints one or two terrible metaphors about what happens to nature and to man if nothing is done. The logic does not hang together: the rest of the universe is "abandoned" on Earth, but one cosmic cosmic caught by the earthquake can make some positive changes with the film. What can a battalion of foreigners who have been deliberately sent here against pollution and waste?
