This is one of those films that the British lottery fund is wasting money on. The main problem is a messy script that can't get anywhere. The characters are not interesting, the story is ordinary and uncomfortable, the only interesting thing is the city of Genoa (Genoa in Italian). Since I only had a superficial acquaintance with Genoa, I had no clue about the complicated streets of my old town and the city was so interesting. I thought Genoa was bored. I'm glad to say that I've been wrong. Thus, this film is interesting for travel arrangements. In the film, there is one great performance by a little girl, Perla Haney-Jardine. He has already made seven films, despite being only 12 years old, so he seems to have decided to act as an actor and to judge his film performance, he should go a long way because he is natural and has many talents. Reliable and professional actor Colin Firth was at hand for filming and when he was asked to be serious, he was serious, and when asked if he was being harassed, he was embarrassed. But someone forgot to forget that he had a useful dialogue. The script is a savings. Catherine Keener is doing an extraordinary role and she has the compassion that everyone would like to surround her (I'd like to tell her every time I feel cold, as I know she'll get a soothing hot drink). So we have this: Genoa's exciting narrow alley, an interesting little girl and a compassionate woman. Forget the rest. The older sister played by Willa Holland is such a disgusting thing that the fact that a young actor does not do a good repellent is not exactly the kind of statement she would like to hear. The notion that this family goes to Genoa to forget the unforgettable mother's death is so small that if we have another such movie, all dead mothers have the right to make complaints. When Michael Winterbottom wanted to make a movie, how interesting is the old part of Genoa, why didn't he just go to the BBC and say he wants to make a travel movie with a meaningless celebrity presenter? Why spend money on a feature film that is nothing but an empty and empty emptying project?
