I have noticed over the years that when a rock star makes its final album before its death, it is an album, if not its best, in some way and at least with a value for listening. The album is usually good enough to cement the heritage. However, when it comes to comedians, especially the mainstream comedians who celebrate their cars, their final film is usually terrible. John Belushi was "Neighbors", John Candy was "Wagon's East", Chris Farley was "almost heroes", Phil Hartman was "Little soldiers" and Rodney Dangerfield was this movie. <br /> <br /> "Back Midnight" though it may not be Dangerfield's last movie, it's a word in every sense weak. According to this website it was filmed in 2002 and it is safe to say that Dangerfield was still alive. I've been a big fan of Dangerfield because I was in my earlier teens, and I hurt to see how this film was rotten. <br /> <br /> What amazes me is that many other talented people took part in a movie with a very weak assumption. Dangerfield, a great comedian who usually played his comic on film, is a prisoner who is in a close group of inmates. When the prison owner, Colonel-Tom-Parker meets Sam-Walton's billionaire Eli Rockwood (Randy Quaid), reduces prison funding to a prison officer, sends the prison to break out of the prison, rob Rockwood names of on-site shops on consumer goods, and break looting back to prison. By taking the appropriate stores, they (guess) what they believe Rockwood owes them. <br /> <br /> With this twilight assumption, movies will cling and stop frequently. Besides, there are no jokes you think would be saving this movie, even funny, not even Mr No Honor. This is also incredibly disappointing because you would expect a film with Oscar nominee (!!!) Randy Quaid, Kirstie Alley, Gilbert Gottfried, Ed Begley Jr, Yeardley Smith and others at least a little funny. Instead, Quaid plays the songs we've previously read in countless comedies, Alley plays with the British heir with a terrible British accent (does this film not get a real British person!?!), And every joke was badly set and poorly timed by virtually every member of this ensemble . It's not just a good comedy in some sense. <br /> <br /> "Back to midnight" was rated R mainly for language (and one nudity scene). The irony in this fact is that many jokes are so offensive to the audience that even children (if you are editing a language) would go out of this movie. Physical gags are also incredibly predictable, especially when the Alley pet monkey tortures Quaid's character. When the monkey grabs the scissors and jumps on the Quaid's couch who doesn't know where it goes? <br /> <br /> Being a direct comedy of video games, of course, no Oscar winning material was expected here. But the truth is that Dangerfield has previously made some great, timeless comedies. "Easy Money" and "Back to School" are still fun and certainly not worthy of the Oscar. However, there is a difference between making funny comedy, which is funny, and making foolish comedy. With the last type of comedy, it seems that filmmakers do not even try, which is exactly that this flat apology for the 90-minute waste. Rest in peace, Rodney, but add this movie to your forgotten comedy party, such as "Meet Wally Sparks" (1997) and "The Godson" (1999). This movie, I dare say, is not even worth it.
