I'm sure what to do in 2007. Trying to be between the new millennium cross hybrid between the golden pond and the prince of Tides, this film is finally an uneven confusion that moves so vividly between comedy and melodrama that the emotional pitch always looks out. The main problem seems to be the contradictory difference between Garry Marshall's sentimental direction and Mark Andrus's dark, rather confusing scenario. The story focuses on the relationship between mother Lilly and her daughter Rachel, who is from San Francisco all the time to the small town of Hull, Idaho, where Grandma Georgia lives. The idea is that Lilly leaves Rachel in summer on the basis of Georgia's local jurisdiction, full of her drastic rules, as a young 17-year-old has become a hellion. <br /> <br /> The setting is clear enough, but characters move quickly and often inexplicably between sympathetic and tenderness to match the contours depicted. It undermines uncertainties about alcohol, childbirth and dysfunctional families until it resolves with its pat resolution. Three dramatic convulsions are redeemed by the three actors, but to varying degrees. Lindsay Lohan is likely to change Rachel's misery and manipulative tactics, thanks to the reputation of his screen and the critical smoker, although he becomes less credible as his character shows fever that causes his hedonistic behavior. Felicity Huffman is forced to play Lilly on two prominent arrows - as a deceptive, disgusting daughter to a mother who has never come close and an angry, alcoholic mother who begins to feel responsible for her daughter's mental state. He does what he can do on both fronts, but his efforts are never supported by the flesh-blood person. <br /> <br /> Jane Fonda looks beautiful for almost seventy years, even when the weather was beaten when she's here, and she has the stars to get to Georgia's coat size. The problem I have with casting Fonda is that the legendary actor deserves much more than one liner and the mother wears. Between this and the 2005 condemnation of Monster-in-Law, the question is whether his best work is behind him. Not surprisingly, the actress's male counterparts are completely shrouded. Garrett Hedlund sees a too nervous guy like naive Harlan, a devoted Mormon whose sudden love for Rachel can be delayed by two years of missionary work. Cary Elwes, in a familiar suspicious remark, is Lilly's wife, a regrettable case where predicted casting appears to be a telegraph at the end of the film. <br /> <br /> The wounded triple play also includes all sorts of Dermot Mulroney. widow, Lilly's former flame and Rachel's new commander as a veterinarian Dr. Simon Ward. Laurie Metcalf has barely played Simon as heart of Paula, while Marshall's regular Hector Elizondo and singer Paul Williams appear. Part of Andrus' dialogue is frightening, and the amazing seriocomic tone never lives something that is right. The 2007 DVD has several small extras, none is too exciting. Marshall offers a commentary track that has a lot of laconic humor in its brand. There are several deleted scenes, including the end of the three variants, and the gag reel. Includes a seven minute featurette, as well as an original theatrical trailer, a six-minute short-sighted three-actor, and five minutes of respect for Marshall.
