The Zombie Rebellion begins with Armand Louque (Dean Jagger), who is trying to convince General Duval (George Cleveland) that his companion Tsiang (William Crowell) is a priest with the ability to hypnotize people and make them under control, making them foolish zombies ( a bit like the people I really do). In any case, Tsiang Colonel Mazovia (Roy D'Arcy) is murdering, but is unable to gain knowledge of making people zombies. General Duval has set up an expedition to share the mystery because Tsiang doesn't talk much to them. General Duval runs an expedition with his daughter Claire (Dorothy Stone) who is accompanied by Louque. During the expedition, Claire Louque will let her companion Clifford Grayson (Robert Noland), where Louque is not too happy. So that this only happens in the movie, Louque finds her secret that people are changing zombies, and is starting to use her new power to revenge Claire & Clifford ... Creator and director Victor Halperin Revolt Zombies have a bad reputation and after that, when I look at it, I see why. The Halperin Handbook, Howard Higgin & Rollo Lloyd, is first unredeemed, is a good central idea, but is killed from the stone cold dead, bored and exciting as the color dries. Nothing happens to an old person and nothing happens after that. How Halperin depicts his zombies unlike what the most modern viewers would consider to be a zombie, these zombies are just brainwashed people, and movie exchange groups should wait over thirty years before George A.Romero is determined what the zombie is now believed to be in the night of living dead (1968). Only about an hour of zombie rebellion is still too long. Technically, the film was made 70 years ago, black and white film is enough, although some scenes look like they were photographed with a background photo. Acting is wood and largely unimpressive. The rebellion of the zombies may have become hot in 1936, but it is not quite good and in 2005 it is an absolute chore. I believe the movie is now public because it appears in many ultra-cheap DVD compilations and budget tags, but it's still not worth it, no matter how inexpensive you can get it.
