Although the title contains the word "zombies", this film is not expected from today's film, although in 1936 the concept is played as well as expected. Dean Jagger depicts Armand Louque, an officer of the French Army of World War I, who has stumbled upon an ancient story of soldiers who have become automated, or "zombies" who are struggling in the battle and may win a victory at the time of victory, but whose side is uncertain. First of all, he has difficulty persuading his superiors of this phenomenon, but in the end, General Duval of France (George Cleveland) gives a non-military expedition to Angkor, the ancient city of Cambodia, to find zombies and destroy it. The story has been played against the backdrop of the love triangle, which includes all parts of the expedition of Louque, Duval's daughter Claire (Dorothy Stone) and Clifford Grayson (Robert Noland). When Louque denies his lack of prosperity and judgment, Grayson advises him to go with all his power after what he wants in life. This advice will change Louque, especially after she has successfully acquired a stone slab similar to an ancient city photo. After going to the priesthood of the temple, Louque now got the secret she had been looking for, although it is not clear how she could immediately command the power of "zombie". All this takes when he puts his right fist on the forehead, which simulates the third eye and puts thoughts on those he wants to control. It's useful to win back your girlfriend and take Grayson's early advice when she comments on her servant, "Buna, we're learning to be merciless." <br /> <br /> The fans of the early "B" horror recognize the enthusiasm of the Bela Lugos signature, which was the 1932 "White Zombie" film, as well as the director Victor Halperin. Of the two films, the White Zombie is preferably better for both the story and the Undead, where zombies have more evil looks and are more dangerous. "Rebels" are zombies of enemy soldiers who have a glazed appearance that simply responds to their mentor's orders. In fact, the actual rebellion of the title only arises when Louque releases the soldiers for their spiritual command for Claire's love; they overcame their compound and kill it in the process. <br /> <br /> Not too tough for the film, it plays properly through its storyline parameters, but if you mean "zombies!" in a traditional context, you are probably disappointed. If you want to treat the sample early, the "White Zombie" mentioned above is with Bela Lugosi.
