I think Dolph Lundgren had the potential to be a great operating star la Schwarzenegger, Stallone and even Van Damme. He had some great moments in his career, but he also made some bad choices, and it is certainly one of them, though it was done later in his career. The odd thing about Jill Ripper (or Jill Rips ... or Sidel) is that I honestly think they thought they were provocative and serious thriller? This shows how they describe it in IMDb comments on a DVD, and this movie is not serious. Calling this campy would be a huge understatement. The film strives to be sophisticated and intelligent, if in fact it is nothing but low, confusing and free. In addition, they put Lundgren, who is well-known for his films, trying to play a serious role, making it even more flimsy because his choice as an actor is rather limited. The whole movie is kinky around the sex world and trying to make it a serious thriller? Just the plot and the premise right now to make B-Movie Porn very best. <br /> <br /> Dolph Lundgren plays the disgraced former policeman and furious alcoholic mate Sor Soron, who decides to play Detective when his brother is murdered. I set aside a lot of holes in the plot that Lundgren is free to migrate to explore the scenes and witnesses of the crime, and everything else, even though he is no longer a policeman and you still have a rather strange and rather lack of Lundgren shine. Danielle Brett is Lundgren's possible love interest and his brother's widow. Brett plays his role reasonably enough, given the script and the campy story. Support cast is enormous and nobody distinguishes their performances especially unless it is in the negative, as Victor Pedtrchenko's absolutely terrible performance, which seems to be in the film with several different names, boasts a terrible pressure and is terrible I have tried honestly in mystery and to enter and watch the movie, but there was no reason, because it was all a ridiculous plot and free sex games, including a ridiculously fun scene where Lundgren goes under cover and has bowed almost naked. To explain how this movie is stylish and well done (sarcasm ... sarcasm), at the back of this DVD that I picked up (it was really cheap), the name of Lundgren's character is "Murray Wilson" (not his character's name in the movie.) Lundgren usually succeeds in being observable, the film faces this face, trying to be serious. Considering the director Anthony Hickox, the infamous B-Movie Horror flicks are really just if I think he's really trying to be serious. Heavy core culture Lundgren fans have to see it ... no one else should ... definitely have any mystery or skipping. 3/10
