This is one of those movies where people say it's a great idea! the worst ideas you've ever heard. Then they act on them. I like it. This picture is more fun than any of the three dozen Seth Rogen projects. Well, so is SHOAH. <br /> <br /> Gojira's films have been hurting their own stories since the 1960s, but it goes further. What can you say about culture that wants to rape your holy culture icons for a fast belt? This travesty presents the WW2 suicide brigade "on the last Marshall Islands", which presents weapons to the dinosaur who traced the US Navy. Then, Japan explains inexplicably that they do not fight the last man and give up their territory, which their giant lizard adds on their behalf. They leave the mainland where one of them turns into business immersion. <br /> <br /> Then it becomes complicated. <br /> <br /> Blondes from the future, upset, but don't cure yet male baldness back in time with some flying saucer to ask for an unsuccessful writer and celebrity psychological help to eliminate Godzilla before he destroys Japan. "Help" is questionable because all these 1992 citizens are back in 1944 to watch some closed-loop TVs, but hey, they shot the script. You think that by the 90s, the Japanese would be more aware than the people of spacecraft. Fortunately, Nippon, white boys - you can say that they are Americans because they say "the wind" - an error when he brought back a Japanese girl over time. On the touchscreen display of ancestral worship, he leaves his sewer with the Sailor Moon backpack for his doubling. It turns out that these timelines, the Caucasian-fashioned Caucasians are simply jealous of the imperialist takeover of Japan's upcoming economy (in the 22nd century, Japan buys Africa, which sounds more like responsibility than property). These blondes, which are cushioned in chintz costumes with non-functional straps and redundant zippers, want to replace Godzilla with King Ghidorah, who destroys all of Japan except Tokyo. A strange choice, but Toho is known to have gone so that he should not rebuild this Tokyo silhouette. <br /> <br /> Certainly, we have been given an alternative sight by Fukuoka ("My Garden City"). ) and some other unexploded rubber-monster metropolitan areas flown by one third of the hydrated gold metal. The surprising revelation is that King Ghidorah was created from the dolls left too long in the microwave. Godzilla is also involved in the demolition when the film falls. Wait - did the spacecraft blondes not destroy Godzilla already? Yes, they killed him in the third roll. But no one expected the Japanese people in 1992 to be secret submarines filled with nuclear missiles - "Ha ha, don't worry. We won't keep it in Japanese waters" - with whom Godzilla will jump out of old bones. dinosaur. Only they don't have to do that because the leaking old nuclear accident has already healed Godzilla. Oh, and Godzilla finally arrives in Tokyo, reuniting his old army friend at a heart-breaking tearful recognition. They look at each other's eyes and Godzilla nods like to say, "I have to do it, man." Tycoon understands understanding. Then Godzilla blows her up. <br /> <br /> It should also be mentioned here that, in order to avoid Godzilla's renewed anger about self-fulfillment and the destruction of Japan, the Japanese girl will return to the future to ask for help - yes - a bald white man. Probably because he puts him in the 23rd century as the only character in Asia, he agrees to build Mecha-Ghidora and send it back to the 1990s, so that these two giant monsters can fulfill Godzilla's destiny and destroy Japan. The Mecha-Ghidora-testing girl is struggling with a notorious asshole of whip-head whistle control for the young. <br /> <br /> This Godzilla suit design owes much to Sumole - her thighs are dirty to double Rush Limbaugh's thick and embarrassing stomach and chest. But there is more explosive masonry in this picture than most of his adventures that do a lot. There is also a man with a similar resemblance to Robert Patrick, who plays a killer robot. Yes, in the future, even robots will bald spots. Plus, Megumi Odaka, repeats his role as Micki, the only Japanese girl who has ever been born with highs that are larger than her Disney badge, and an exemplary style even bigger. It's not his fault: many Japanese executives seem to feel that the seventy-foot screen is not big enough to display human face emotions. I did some Japanese TV and I can tell you that they are pushing you to go. They encourage their writers in the same way. Thank God.
