Is there any other time that television (or media in general) has dealt so exhaustively with the 1960s? No. And do we really need another journey through this restless time? Not quite. But if we have one, should it be as low as "60s"? <br /> <br /> I like to think that the co-authors Bill Couturie and Robert Greenfield were more mindful of this two-piece minisems than what ultimately happened, especially given Couturie's participation in the excellent HBO movie "Dear America: Letters from Home in Vietnam" he used little original music and some original material, giving the era a chance to talk about sights and sounds. This presentation combines file material with dramatic output, but it doesn't do anyone who is trying too little time to do too much; like so many of its ilk, it is seen from the perspective of one family. But family kids seem to be involved in almost every major event of the 1960s (it's amazing that one of them doesn't go to the Rolling Stones concert in Altamont), which makes it seem less than a periodic drama and more like the Cliff Notes version of the decade. <br /> <br /> The makers hurry so much that there is not enough or no time to give the characters. time - the father of the children is a cliché - and when they come back to BLAMMO! this is something else. Garry Trudeau could teach filmmakers to do something like that. In fairness, Jerry O'Connell, Jordana Brewster, Jeremy Sisto, Julia Stiles and Charles S. Dutton give their material to the old college, but they are wasted (especially the last two); it is undoubtedly good to see David Alan Grier's rare role as activist Fred Hampton, and Rosanna Arquette (2nd part) is always welcome. <br /> <br /> What's not welcome? "The 60s" sink the soundtrack with so many period songs that it will ultimately reduce its minimal impact (and this may be the only time that American television shows in America after the 60s never mention a British invasion - no Beatles, no Rolling Stones ... then again, there are only so many stories that you can embellish in the soundtrack album, right? Limiting the coated approach to both time and plot with an almost inappropriate happy ending, "American Dreams" and "The Wonder Years" did it a lot, much better Here's nothing to see where you can't see elsewhere, people ... except Julia Stiles, who makes a twist, that's it.
