The assumption of two circles is interesting. Forbidden love between the 60-year-old painter Ashleigh (Richard Burton) and the fifteen-year-old Sarah Norton (Tatum O'Neill); and the question of whether such a relationship is acceptable to society standards. The problem with the dual circle is, however, that he cannot fulfill his promise. Director Jules Dassin and Hedley would have had to think more about the manual. When I watched this movie, I was expecting to learn something new about sexuality. Instead, I got a boring dialogue, a meaningless lecture about art, trips where Sarah seemed more fun with Ashleigh, and the closing scene was so artificial that her emotional influence was lost. This script makes good actors bad. Thus, one can imagine how the problems of the film were further exacerbated by Jules Dassin's largely amateurish light. Tatum O'Neill was not in his element. I didn't believe the other one, that his character Sarah loved Ashleigh. His performance seemed superficial, like a competitor's beauty event. Just as he forced himself to be happy, the script required him to be happy and sad when the script asked him to be sad. The only scene I liked with her was at the end when she didn't say anything. It was probably the closest Tatumi Sarah Norton who was once real. But Tatum was not the only guilty. Richard Burton's Ashleigh lacked charm, charisma and sophistication to attract even women of his age, not to mention fifteen years old. The rest was also frustrating. Even their claim was not convincing because they waited for themselves. Who does it? Michael Wincott as jealous ex-boy Paul was probably the best thing in this movie, but his role was small. To be fair to the actors, Dassini's direction will let everyone; but it is also true that a great movie goes beyond the script. Kubrick Lolita did it with James Mason and Sue Lyon; Konchalovski's Runaway Train went beyond the script with Jon Voight and Eric Roberts, who played the convictions. The leaders of these films also knew how to use the music to dramatically change their films and about their characters. Despite his score (the combination of Antonio Vivaldi, Carl Off and Bernard Hoffer), he can't do it in two rounds. <br /> <br /> To sum up, the idea of ​​a forbidden love story between a parent painter and a teenage girl is good, but doing it in two circles is terrible. In many ways is it a shame that a controversial Lolita-type story? what most film-directors would prefer to avoid for obvious reasons? did not get smarter treatment; that the script that the actors would have liked to try wasn't written; that the participants who were dedicated to their parts or who had the talent to make their characters real could not be found; and that director Jules Dassin (who made so many better films like Rifif and Topkapi) didn't have to put their feet down and say, "Before filming, we need to think about the story of love and update the script. "The only silver lining is that one day you can make a movie of one of the older painters and teenage girls in love. If such a movie ever appears, it will definitely be a contradiction, debate and issues in the coming years.
