You have to ask yourself this question when you watch this movie "What was the idea?" This movie was nothing more than one and a half hours of confusion with totally unlikely people (who did not intend to use the word "participants") and the script you couldn't say was not. <br /> <br /> One thing that made me laugh about this movie is how he said "Victorian Story wrote", which means that the story for that part was actually a script. The whole Victorian part did not have a dialogue, and it simply consists of the girl-looking boy's shots and vice versa. Scripting this part of the movie at the train station remains a camera. <br /> <br /> OK, it's time. It starts with a seat that sits on a chair, never out of it. Oh blocking who needs you? These newspapers come to their house and ask him to tell this story about their dead girls. So it begins with the story of Victorian times. and here's how the scene goes (Guy and the girl in the field. Real music starts playing) (boy staring at the girl) (the girl staring at the boy) (the boy stares at the girl) to the movie. It's pretty much all that happens about half of the movie. <br /> <br /> The rest of the movie is an extremely inconvenient dialogue between several models that want to buy an apartment. So this real estate agent shows them one thing and when I say that the dialogue is uncomfortable, I think that if it were a dancer, it would travel for it during MACARENA. No characters in this movie are pleasant. The models are incredibly irritating, the Victorians are not talking, and the story of the talking man is the personality of the onion bag. So all the girls will end up being lost. and with death, I mean the field of drugs. ooh. did you show one death? and with death I mean keeping my face until they make blood makeup? Amazing. <br /> <br /> HOW this man even knows that this story is disturbing me. He says he saw it. but how? there were no men in this apartment! the door was locked without exits, the windows were confirmed to escape the fire, which was too rotten for work, how did HELL see it all? Oh the holes in the plot. we love you. So the film ends up with a new journalist who says, "I think you did it. You're wasting our time," despite having asked her for an interview. What ever. This film was stupid, pointless, and did not make sense with the holes in many parcels. I could go on with this movie, but I don't see the need. I would like to spend a lot of time doing something useful. Like a widow. The "Hell Threshold" belongs to two more stupid models. Out of 10
