A group of models is looking for an apartment to live in, and is shown by a local realtor. But the unknown to the models and the agent is that the "hell threshold" is in the apartment and when the cross is over, the demon "Dethman" is called to kill all those on its way. The story is told by Sam Bishop, a journalist accused of murder. <br /> <br /> Although I'm a master of low budget, micro-costs, and independent movies, I can't praise this movie. The creators are proud of their 24-hour shooting scheme and at least one actor is proud of their behavior on DVD, but I can't turn it around. Why make a movie within 24 hours if one or two hours of editing would make all the difference? And why is it proud of the poor delivery of bad, pointless and some lines? <br /> <br /> A large part of the movie shows models of apartment parts by real estate agent. The dialogue is clearly advertised because none of the screenwriters can get such a blank thing. The agent also does not know clearly about housing ... he focuses on the aspects of home that no one could care for, misinterprets the heat source (did he not see the radiator?) And says that the pest problem is solved when they call the terminal. Please write a script - some deviation is good, but it was a mess. And why were the girls moving in the models? Their career did not make sense on the plot and it seems to be a forced situation. At one point, the actor breaks the character and says something "dude, they are going to be (irritated)", which sounded more natural than any other line, although due to another bad dialogue. /> <br /> The demon didn't make sense. I appreciated the effort to explain how the "hell threshold" jumps to random locations on Earth (including apartment fireplaces), but why not explain where the demon came from? In his background, there is a man whose love is killed by another person. How does it make you a demon? (Also, why did we need all of these Victorian feedback without dialogue and a glimpse of the field? It was superfluous.) The dramatic break between the lines was terrible. Sam Bishop's character was by far the worst, the interviewer was not far away. Does every question need a break, a funny face and a response ... followed by a pause, a funny face and a response? I was so disappointed. The only point for me was the time to drag out ... but I would have a better thirty minute delivery than an hour of terrible delivery (and then more time wasted if the same credit is rolled twice). /> <br /> Who was Sam Bishop's character? She allegedly saw it all and was accused of killing girls, but she never had a story with girls. How did he see them? And if he didn't, how did he know that Dethman killed them? And if he doesn't see Dethman, how does he know Dethman is the spirit of apostles? I was so missing ... was there even a graph when it was written? <br /> <br /> The only part I found that this movie was enjoyable was the scene with one bathroom model. Not that it was really important or something, but it was the only break in the boredom that I was given. I don't know what Director Felix Diaz was thinking. His music is very good (watch the DVD behind the scenes to play his impromptu), but I don't know what his film making skills are. Although the best part of the DVD was his "Superhero Excelsior" trailer (only the trailer was better than a waste of time). <br /> <br /> I'm sorry to have to be so tough. I would like to think that this movie was a test of what can be done within 24 hours or maybe just a fun experiment and the idea was never to make a high quality movie. But if "Superhero Excelsior" is a sign, Diaz can do quality ... why did he decide to avoid it here? Maybe the world never knows.
