I sat through this movie, waiting for a thoughtful, fact-based movie. But instead, some of the least understandable arguments that could be imagined were given. For example, in order to prove that Christianity is violent in nature, the narrator constantly quotes the Bible without giving the context and thus changing the meaning of the text. Jesus is quoted as commanding those who do not follow Him, when in fact this parable is quoted by Jesus, involving the King who is then quoted. So the narrator says that Jesus says one thing when he actually tells a story where one of his characters says it. It is dishonest in a very obvious form. Is this really what atheism has to offer the world? This film also seeks to use Christ's passion for Jesus Christ: the superstar and the last temptation of Christ, which proves that Christians are bloody. He does not mention the fact that the passion today is the most historically accurate Bible film. He doesn't mention the fact that the bunch of critics really liked it. He then changed from passionate violent images to his point as a hammer. Ironically, he does not mention the Texas Chainsaw Massacre, which came out a few months later and plays violence against the dramatic effect. One thing that bothered me was his look at people who really knew more than the subject. All of the Christians interviewed were in Billy Graham's New York Crusade. The atheists with whom the film was interviewed were significant authors and scientists. He asked the Christians how the Christian movement began and, of course, they said it began with the Holy Spirit, who came to the disciples on Pentecost. What's Right (Acts 2). He then gives a comment, "Isn't it funny how so few Christians seem to know the origin of their faith?" and explains that the Apostle Paul began Christianity after he stopped on his way to Damascus. The poor generation is convinced that the Acts of the Apostles 9 will take place before the law. 2. More fraud? Or is it just ignorance? He also complains that Paul did not believe that Jesus was a true person. Are you kidding? 1.Corinthians 15 describes Jesus' death and resurrection, known by the people (whom Paul calls passage), so that the Corinthians have doubts whether they are suspicious! <br /> <br /> There are many other examples of how full. this documentary is. But since I do not have the time or the patience to enter all of them, I leave it to the end. Throughout the film, it is obvious that the narrator has an emotional brother for his upbringing in the church. And the peak of the interview is his ATTENTION! In the last attempt of the trench to overthrow the Christian faith, the narrator tries to fool someone who gave him the child's detention. Is this the intellectual documentary of an atheistic community? Certainly, there are intelligent atheist filmmakers who can make a documentary that is not a burden on a finished file that is referred to as "facts."
