First of all, let me say that I don't believe in God (if you want to use the word atheist, good, but I don't like the word because it describes what I'm not, not what I am), but I hated it in a documentary . "The production values ​​were almost gone, assuming it was very noisy, and the whole thing seemed like an exercise in Brian Flemming's insecurity. <br /> <br /> Production values ​​were terrible and Brian Flemming is obviously an amateur driver. There were five lots of umms and pauses when he was supposed to talk in the movie. The animation was also pretty bad. <br /> <br /> The whole idea that Jesus is a mythical character is not historian and the Bible was taken seriously by scientists, as I said before, I do not believe in God and I do not believe that Jesus was a true person, God does not speak of God's existence. My personal opinion was that Jesus was probably a real man, but he lived at a time when there were a lot of massiahs (search for tiana apollonia) and that his life and preaching stories were blown in proportion to what you got from your death. The historical character of e (and a good indication that it is garbage) is practically accepted by all Bible study and history scholars that Jesus was a Jewish teacher from Galilee, who was considered a healer. John the Baptist was baptized, accused of the Roman Empire, and according to the commands of the Roman governor Pontius, Saint Pilate was sentenced to death by crucifixion [1]. something different about the director's insecurity. I was wondering if he was trying more than anyone else to convince. The most obvious example of this is the last interview he had with the headmaster of a religious school. He's not even over it. The way a teacher teaches to bombard is unfair, and while I agree with the director in part, it is a bad thing to teach children about hell fire so that Flemming met with the principal just without looking. Flemming had the opportunity to have a good discussion when he was more tactile with his interview. Instead, he goes aggressively, "is it not for the children to teach it bad." The guy cuts the interview short and I mean what he was expecting, the principal said, "Yes, I see it, I have seen the light, is it a secular school?" Flemming seems to get revenge for what he thought was a mistake made to him in childhood. It doesn't mean a documentary, it's a Flemming insecurity and has nothing to do with the supposed theme of a documentary. Flemming shows what he is actually doing here, and that is the real decline of the so-called documentary.
