One of the most popular rentals in my local video store is not Borat or The Departed, but the 2005 documentary about Jesus Christ, named by former Christian fundamentalist Brian Flemming. Flemming, with his 62-minute documentary, confirms that Jesus was not a historical figure, but a legend based solely on pagan traditions. Using interviews with authors, philosophers, and historians to destroy a long-standing Christian belief that Jesus, the Son of God, lived among the people, was crucified and resurrected, the story of Christ is compared to those who are cultural figures Isis and Osiris Egypt, Dionysus and Adonis in Greece in mythology and Roman mystery cultures like mithraism and find many surprising similarities. <br /> <br /> In addition to his pagan evidence, he claims that the first sources of Christ's story of these four gospels were written for forty or fifty years after the crucifixion of Jesus and that Paul's letters show little evidence that Jesus is flesh and blood . Unfortunately, Flemming has not been conducted to investigate the truth of Jesus' life, but to use that substance as a starting point for Christianity and all religion. Most of the interviews are those who have philosophically joined the leader, including the respected atheists like biologist Richard Dawkins and author Sam Price. The only Christians questioned are those in the field, such as Scott Butcher, creator of Rapture Letters.com, and Ronald Sipus, director of the Christian school of the fundamentalist village, which Flemming participated as a boy. <br /> <br /> Like Michael Moore's interview with Charlton Heston at Bowling Columbine, his interview with Sipus is so controversial that Sipus walks in the middle. Flemming tells us in a sarcastic tone how false Christianity was around the sun turning around the earth, and then pointing to the atrocities committed for Christianity, such as those killed by the cultural figure Charles Manson, who killed 11 people and Dena Schlosser, who created the child's hand for God. . He also raises the excerpt from the book of LaHaye and Jenkins, which says that Christians "are waiting for the day when all non-Christians will be thrown into the lake of fire, glowing and contempt." In order to turn us into Christianity, Flemming shows us longer clips of Mel Gibson's Christ passion, describing in detail every scene of violence and torture. What could have seriously debated a very interesting topic will eventually become a childish and political religion. Condemning the unpunished acts of Christians, he ignores people such as socialist Muriel Lester, the famous Christian pacifist, Rigoberta Menchú Tum of the Guatemalan Mayan, who helped to find revolutionary Christians and received the Nobel Peace Prize for recognition of his work for social justice and mother Teresa whose work was respect for the dignity and dignity of every human being. <br /> <br /> His most controversial argument is the comparison of Christian doctrine with pagan cultures and he does some good points, but Flemming does not tell us that although some aspects of these cults may resemble Christian teachings, these cultures are not before 300AD Time, New Testament, Texts, or Source Materials. It is also important to note one big difference. The immediate purpose of the initiatives was a mystical experience that made them feel that they had achieved their joining with God. It is a reluctance to Christianity that believes that the church hierarchy, which includes priests and bishops to the Pope, is necessary for the interpretation of God's will for humanity. <br /> <br /> Although I'm not a Christian and I have doubts about whether Jesus Christ was actually a historical figure, the truth is that in the long run, things may not be important. What is important is that the message to mankind was spread and spread throughout the world, which contributed to the spiritual development of mankind. Regardless of the distortions and crimes that were later committed under his name and there were many, Christianity, which had been created, was a doctrine of compassion and love, and a moral and ethical code that helped our associates. <br /> <br /> I praise the fact that the film has been made and that the taboo topic, which is very necessary, has been discussed, is not yet an inseparable attempt to use religion as a battlefield, but to see it as a common thread that can bring the world's people together . Although there is room for discussing and discussing religious topics, Annie Besant's words "Spiritual truths are best seen with the clear air of brotherhood and mutual respect. A God who was not is only recommended to those whose idea of ​​a good time is a trash of the religion of others.
