Eleonora, born in Italy, has inherited her dead lover Karel, an ultramodern and isolated house in the middle of a forest. It's winter and she will meet a mysterious caretaker Leslie, who will end up not only taking care of the house, but also Eleonora, because she is trying to adapt to her new pair of surroundings and growing attraction. <br /> <br /> What did I expect? Indeed, a thriller, but it wasn't quite so. It's just an ad package ya! I'm all about everything. Title, story and motivation. So how to classify it? Well, this wooden character drama is a more mysteriously fanciful romance, a complicated passion for two masked persons alienated, possessed, and addicted. The co-author (William Dafoe) and the director of the Giada Colagrande Art Museum's film are too clinical, distant and calculated with its mysterious metaphorical story that leaves you in doubt what that all really means? Although this steep conclusion comes true, you wonder why I should really take care of it. What we are going through seems pointless with the display of dead air, which focuses on insignificant details and pictures. Sterile dialogues can contribute to a number of inconvenient developments, but in most cases this is a leading experience because it is never deep enough. As he believes he does. Sexually salty activities are simply filtered to never persuade and are far from erotic. They are already in a slow flow. The plot's base makes something interesting and fresh, but it never fills up and I thought there was more to it than all the harsh ones. The Colagrande direction is professionally stylish and appropriately gloomy to portray it, but it all seems to be in slow motion and can capture the same views. Most operations remain in one place? house. Camera-work is heavily tense, but the puzzled musical score can be a bit ridiculous when it comes to some dramatically sticking music that has little meaning for scenes. Giada Colagrande plays it sensually and William Dafoe sleeps walking. She sees the dog tired! Although Seymour Cassel beat his head now and then. <br /> <br /> Just where it is, you have to guess. Well, this is when you can wait for it. I think I'll give her a doubt, because that's not what I waited for for this Indie movie.
