I respect Alex Cox's filmmaker, I really do. She is like a child at school whom you think you are trying to be a little different from being a "different" literary punk rocker, who is closer to her feet in the near future with spaghetti for Western and scientific literature and private culture and coming out of the world is ready to take it. .. but then you see what he can really do, talent and raw fever artistic and real absurd fun that he can, and you are ready to see what he offers. But his proverbs coin has two sides: he can really get out of the park (Repo Man, Sid & Nancy, Walker indisputably) or just try too hard and pull too many pretentious rabbits out of the hat (Straight to Hell. Death and compass fall into the last category, and although I respect my (mostly) original approach to dealing with the detective-killer story, it also falls on his face and its strange change is strange boring. <br /> <br /> He has a strange enough structure and already unsuccessful style: Detective Erik Lonnrot , after the voice of the breather, is red (something), and it seems that the killer leaves annoying hints with his victims: The wall bleeds are messages that according to witness Alonso Zunz (Christopher Eccleston is looking for just walking through Shallow Grave without changing his appearance) ) has the religious meaning of Kabbalah.We follow Lonnrot in his case and his methods of observing the perps, which include the first on the map, a triangular and then compass pattern - despite the flabbered protests of Commissioner Treviranus (Miguel Sandoval) who also look backwards, sitting at the table and talking to the audience about the unpredictable but sad descriptions of their former employee and colleague after the incident. <br /> <br /> Oh, Cox has his moments of creativity and interest, such as a picture of the full range of depths threatening the police station, where handcuffs take on the character of Eccleston ("for his own defense," says Lonnrot in the event of a loss of space) and we We have followed a long way of tracking - perhaps the best or just the most curious - where we are going through very dark corridors with very little direction, missing characters and strange maze. And it is never something that is not exciting * to the look, the pleasure of Miguel Garzon's cinematography. But the plot passes through the hard hoops to make things so scary that it can also be less-together. The performances, except for the confident Boyle and Eccleston at the end, are pretty bad, especially for Sandoval, who just seems to be encouraging to talk to him about the funny dialogue he is talking about. <br /> <br /> Although the crime scene has an intent for the audience not to see what we have seen before, it is a society that has many riders and architecture, suggesting Alphaville's next mistake. What is the conflict here? I had never been so involved with Boyle's personal mission to find this killer, and just a little seized by the mysterious scenes of murder (and / or killer) scenes that went after people walked past the building (Cox has fun with himself) fun). And just when I started thinking that it drew something remarkable, with Boyle and Eccleston in this big ("not as big as you think") building in the south of the city, it suddenly gives us "TWIST", which we know at the back of our mind but I hope it is not, and it deflates the concept of any fear it has driven. For all of Cox's fearful filmmakers, all his opposition to the spoon to feed the "normal" approach that I respect, death and compass will eventually cut the brain stem; it is masturbating.
