The name Uwe Boll is automatically linked to the bad horror / culture cinema and every new movie he releases? which is about two, three in a year? you can always get negative reviews and tough criticism. You are actually almost tempted to think that this is just a modern leap. You know, as it's popular to angry Uwe Boll, whether you liked his films or not. Let me assure you that this is not the case. Uwe Boll is a terrible writer / director and, frankly, threatens the entire film industry. "Seed" is another regrettable proof of this. Here, Boll tries to meet so desperately and shockingly that he does not forget the many other elements that each film needs, such as plot, narrative structure, character development, tension increase? "Seed" is a horrible film full of free and incompetent padding. I once read that "Seed" was Uwe Boll's interpretation of today's popular horror of torture porn, but it is not even close. The film undoubtedly does not have any effect on "Saw" and "Hostel", but basically it is another dull, duller with an indestructible killer and video game violence. <br /> <br /> The first 45 minutes of "Seed" are boring and, in fact, just all the obvious things you already knew. You see, Boll was stupid enough to start his own movie (hyper-fast) scrolling, explaining that US federal law states that prisoners of death must be released if three attempts to stop the power fail. So you know it will happen later, but the first three quarters will be wasted on catching serial numbers and bringing it to an electric chair. The seed is a melting serum killer, allegedly killing 666 victims (exaggerating many?) Who carry the bag over the head. He looks at the real cruelty of the animals (and therefore we look at the actual cruelty of the animals, thanks to this Mr. Boll) and video-recording people because they slowly decompose in their basement (including crying, which is really sick and twisted). When he is finally captured, the most filmed amateurs and unlikely police guards, and death sentences, become even slower. After a living burial, as the electric chair could not fry her, Max Seed climbs back to the surface and goes on to a completely new killing spree; this time focusing mainly on the people who arrested and executed him. The distortion of the futile plot and the total lack of depth of the story of passing this film from the past is bad; they are downright complaining and offensive to the level of intelligence of the average horror movie fans. With multiple twists and the "Seed" sub-line, it is simply impossible for reasonable functional human minds to accept because they are just too stupid! Nobody believes that police officers and prison staff will simply kill a massive murderer without first having some bullets in his head. Nobody accepts that the convicted offender is not found for another six months, although he went straight back to the same hiding place where they first captured him! "Seed" is full of slowed little things like this, and the movie goes every minute that passes. Personally, I refuse to accept that cast and team members did not notice it. It really thinks Uwe Boll just ignores all the advice and criticism and just shoots his movies the way he wants. I imagine that his screaming things like "sticking and doing as you are told" show that the scene they are taking doesn't make sense to the lick. <br /> <br /> Just for the fun of people, there is a gigantic supreme order in which Max Seed crushes an older woman with a spider while she is tied to a chair in the middle of her room. Instead of being shocking, as Boll intended to do, this sequence is a masterpiece of how pathetic and harmless the controversial film is. "Seed" is terrible, it's nasty, it's merciful, is it ?? Boll.
