Think for a moment that must be like Uwe Boll. Somewhere, perhaps in places where Jack Nicholson said, "You're not talking about parties," Boll knows that David Lean had a head as a child with more talent for filmmaking. Gore Whores, metal heads and socially insecure can get around and say otherwise, but the general viewers find that the German driver's output has disappeared from originality, intelligence, or imagination, that he has become an Internet bogeyman? discursive synonym for internet for photochemical excreta. Boll is doing his best to ride these naysayer using tax incentives available in Germany and Canada to keep working and raise money from the dentists' network, as Zero Mostel was engaged in producing old women. The difference is that Mostel's character knew he was doing the gut. Maybe Uwe knows that too. <br /> <br /> This is the level of hostility to each new "Bollbuster" that IMDb patrons will vote for their ratings 1 before they see it. Boll's attempts to silence their critics, trying to fight them and pulling them out, made them more determined. Indeed, he is probably the only filmmaker who has increased thesaurus sales by critics looking for ingenious ways to describe garbage. <br /> <br /> This attack has made Uwe a very tight skinned man so he has to feel he's surrounded by a carpet, but the one who feels like the whole world was bullied. Like most people in this situation, he decided to capture as many people as possible, remembering the tear of the evening, where Variety House of the Dead was held, never too far from the surface. This "I know you are, but what I am" strategy to bring back the initiative led to a piece of mail trying to dissociate jokes about 9/11, Christian fundamentalism, jihad, nazism and pedophilia. This invocation of Lithium requires a visual imagination of Peter Cook's mind and Chris Morris, but the closest Boll comes to each person o his surname. <br /> <br /> Seed was fired back by adjusting the above-mentioned game, Boll is back with a sadistic series of murderers (is there any other?) who will only have two attempts by the board to continually limit all life signs. Being aware of a fictional law that says that anyone who is still alive after 3 attempts has to go free, though if you had cooked as much electricity as you wanted, they would pronounce him legally dead and buried him, but for a satisfied killer and Boll begins his "nihilic rage investigation" when Seed watches that animals are tortured for experimental purposes. From there, is the killer stock treated in trade? To rob dogs, children and grown-up women and allow them to starve to death in the camera only to become a maggote. Are we invited to ponder what is the lost race of immoral meat bags? our inhumanity towards each other and our co-creatures, acting as lighting rods, which act as the catalyst for the most disgusting traces of the human situation. Yes, we are worthless, gigantic sadists and worse than giving Uwe a good opinion on IMDb. In short, humankind is a bunk. <br /> <br /> Of course, you may think Uwe relies on our livelihoods for our worst surprises, and with that in mind, this is a bit of a bipolar piece, on the one hand, I hate my audience and positively basting myself with the sour milk personality? The poor old Boll has had to drink for so long while whipping out his member and inviting those who have pornographic lust to admire the circumference of his thin crack due to the mercilessness of the screen. <br /> <br /> The result is not about society and its dissatisfaction, the more corrosive effect a bad press has on the director. Poor Uwe is probably a very angry man? one scene where poor women can grab their brain with cellulose, if it is tied to a chair, is undoubtedly a substitute for their own fantasy associated with sending various web critics. The fact that it exists but takes an avant-garde approach, if it is not confirmed by some narrative thread, shows that Boll is a pornographyist whose luck is to communicate with his audience's blood lust and knows that the plot is compliant. He has made a film that has fallen professionally but is completely empty. "I wanted to make a horror movie that was not fun" Boll told the audience about the premiere of the world film and he succeeded after this weak manifesto, but if it had to convince the director's detriment that he was a serious filmmaker, he needed something real to say, but also better and the more original way to say it.
