National Treasure (2004) is a profoundly erroneous build-up of plot entangels that lend almost all the hidden and dagger government conspiracy to clichés that have ever been written. The movie stars Nicholas Cage are Benjamin Franklin Gates (how expensive is what I ask?); a seemingly normal companion who, for no other reason than being a hunter of similar thought, has decided to steal a "national treasure" hidden by the founders of the United States. After a little subtitle and a background that plays ridiculously (inadvertently) as Indiana Jones meets with Patriot, the film creates a stack of false attempts to create a revival of Nicholas Cage's "Stanley Goodspeed" and launch all the complicated confusion with a high octane but divorced misadventures. <br /> <br /> The relevance and logic of George Washington and his dirty team, who buried the royal royal royalties somewhere on the local soil, and then, through a thorough plan of how to leave the US currency artwork, President Jon Turteltaub is ever quite explanatory. Did Washington not have been able to make better use of such wealth when it started? Thus, the secret of the mind is built upon the mystery that is already trembling on the ground when Ben calls himself a new carer of this astonished wealth. Ben's intentions are noble? confusing. He's set to protect the treasure. To whom and when you think is as good as mine. <br /> <br /> But there are some problems with Ben's Crusade. First of all, his friend, Ian Holmes (Sean Bean) decides that he can't wait until Ben makes his thoughts to steal a declaration of independence from the National Archives (oh, yeah? Diamond idea!). Probably the back of this famous document is a secret answer to ultimate happiness. So Ian is trying to kill Beni. The murder attempt has, of course, failed if it is too melodic. It also gives Ben the chance to pull and choose the abigail Chase (Diane Kruger) of his archives. He thinks Ben is clearly a nut? at least in the beginning. But Abby's solution melts faster than you say, "Is this Hope Diamond?" The film moves completely to X-File-ish mode when the FBI, mistakenly believing that Ben is behind theft, comes down to various benign ways leading to a multifaceted sequence that resembles the Impossible mission. Frankly, do these guys ever get the right information? Ultimately, "National Treasure" is not a great cinematic art, as long as it is tired of the other bits of old bits put together by blushing similar to IL 'Betsy Ross. /> <br /> Buena Vista DVD offers much more treatment than this movie deserves. Anamorphic widescreen image is very smooth and has a fine detail, with very rich colors, natural muscle, solid black and pure white. Stylized images also do not contain stains or digital accessories. The sound is 5.1 and offers a nice sound height and rear speakers with intensity and realism. The extras contain a wealth of advertising junk material that is quite deep and up, explaining how and why this film was made. If only, like the audience, we had more explanations why Ben and co. Having pursued an illusory treasure, it can be one good flick. Attachments are made with theater trailer, audio commentary, and deleted scenes. Not with a weak heart? just thickness.
