I watched this movie last night watching one of the paid channels and while watching it, I quickly thought about why I was bothered. Frankly, I hope for something more from this movie. Maybe there is something like "Conspiracy Theory". Why? Maybe because of this casting. I mean, Nicolas Cage and Harvey Keitel. Not to mention Jon Voight and Christopher Plummer. Now, I don't know why they bothered? But instead of absorbing the cum of mystery drama, I was stuck with the bumblebee's foolish paste, The Goonies, which, as a surprise to me, seems to have received real critical praise. Perhaps this is because The Goonies was clearly aimed at teenagers and teenagers. Considering the decisive national treasure based on the preview, he had to turn seriously to an adult audience. <br /> <br /> Suspending belief is one thing. This is how you can enjoy sci-fi and horror. But I found that I was actually opposed to moving paranoi and conspiracy trips to the audience. Oh, the scriptwriter threw around all the jargon that was meant to make sense of serious action. "Wow! Masons. Knights of temples. You know, it can really be true!" I think the writer really lost me when Gates said the founder was hiding treasure to keep it out of the British! And were Templar knights coming from? New Jersey? Oh, I forget. From France! What goes a long way in explaining how it came to Philadelphia during the revolution. That brought Napoleon's representatives! Anyway, you see what I get. The film's premise is interesting. And I really think it could have been a serious mysterious drama. But it just comes out as another boy in adult clothing. Finally, I think it asks the audience not only to stop belief but to deliberately ignore the offensive degree. <br /> <br /> I've just finished watching several items from Werner Herzog and Istvan Szabo. It's a shock to go for a fine meal on Hollywood Big Mac and French fries. <br /> <br /> Okay, okay. If you move the back, explosions and gee-whiz tricks, you'll enjoy the National Treasure. But this is a kind of movie, have you ever stood outside the cinema to wait for the previous audience to arrive? And all the young kids are excited and say things like "Wow! Did you see how this thing blew? That was so cool!" National Treasure is such a movie.
