John Carpenter's career is over when this sad excuse for the film is a reference. His excuse is that he only produced it. Jon Bon Jovi looks like a girl. In fact, Bon Jovi and two vampire girls, Natasha Wagner and Arly Jover, are probably wearing the same clothes. In short, it was difficult to say which one of them was in the anorectic ramp model. Bon Jovi is the most charismatic. At least she looks happy with a smile. However, two Vampire girls have all the cramps and complaints. At one point they give each other a wet kiss but stop. It's amazing how each vampire movie has some vampire morals. At one point, Arly Jover offers a very foolish Vampire Hunter and then sucks his blood while making a sex event. It would have been an erotic moment, except that it was filmed like a whole goof, and the male showed a little amusing when he looked at Arly Jover's head to direct something that clearly didn't happen. As far as Gore is concerned, some heads have been kicked off and blood has spurts strongly. These scenes have so little intercourse or rebuilding that when this happens it is almost funny and there is no "horror" of the scene. All you listen to as an audience is the feeling that "Wow, this was sure there were many red colors that sprayed the walls. I don't know who needs to clean it." Throughout the film, those Vampire hunters who are apparently trying to kill Arly Jover (the world's best vampire) will catch up with him. At one point, Bon Jovi goes to an abandoned church and after he just shot an arrow (and has done it in other cases), he says, "I'm not trying to hurt you. I just want to talk to you. I want to get you acquainted." ?? Of course, the dark vampire Arly jumps to say hello and Bon Jovi sticks again with another impaling. "Why We Cannot Be Friends" The song of the WAR song of the 1970s should have been the song of this movie. In addition to all the other foolish moments, there is a blood transfusion sequence when Natasha Wagner has removed all the Vampire blood, and the townspeople line up for blood donation for blood transfusion. I don't think blood type is important? Anyway, all his vampire lines are removed. Then Bon Jovi decides that if this blood is his transfusion, he can win Arly, becoming a vampire. Of course, if the vampire blood is transferred to him, no whole blood will be removed. So, apparently, Bon Jov is going twice as much blood as every person in his body can. And just like the first VAMPIRES, it has a special effect on the vampire burst.
