Live Feed is in some unnamed Chinese / Japanese Asian districts somewhere with five American friends, Sarah (Ashley Schappert), Emily (Taayla Markell), Linda (Caroline Chojnacki), Mike (Lee Tichon) and Darren (Rob Scattergood) enjoy the night sightseeing . While at the bar of the Japanese Triad boss (Stephen Chang), they beat the porn theater as you would. They have been separated and quickly discovered that the place belongs to the Triad boss who uses it for torture and killing people for reasons that are not clear. Will the local boy Miles save them? <br /> <br /> This Canadian production is written, produced and staged by Ryan Nicholson, who also receives a designer credit for prosthetic effects. The low budget that has been made for the camcorder-type horror film, which seems to exist only for the reputation and success of the Hostel (2005) and for the financial torture of torture porn, is still a bad feed. According to IMDb's Live Writer '' Trivia '', director Nicholson wrote after hearing about some of the activities in live salts because my money thinks he wrote it after watching the Hostel! The script is pretty bad, there is no fundamental reason why this porn theater is an ugly ugly freak dressed in slave gear that lies in torture and killing of people. Was it for triplets? Was it his pleasure? Did it deal with snuff selling? Some explanation would have been nice. Why did he finally turn on the Triad boss? If you are looking for a single story movie, forget about Live Feed. It seemed to me some inconvenient miscalculation of sex, S&M, horror, torture, gore & action movies that didn't come out. I just mean that setting a horror movie in a porn theater will not automatically make your movie, but there must be a proper script and story, right? The characters were rather bad clichés and some of their activities and motivations were more than questionable. It moves at a reasonable pace, it is quite lean with mixing, sex and nudity, but it looks cheap, which reduces the impact. <br /> <br /> Director Nicholson doesn't do anything special here, editing is trivial and annoying, he seems to think that almost every scene with neon light is illuminated, and the film has a cheap look. In both versions, both R and Unrated versions, I saw a shorter cut version of R, which is not really that, but I'm ready to question the "Unrated" version and say it can be a lot, a lot of gorier, but I'm not can be sure. Even if it is your thing, there is also nudity. I wouldn't say there is a lot of atmosphere here or a lot of fear, because there isn't & is not, though it usually has a dim tone that is something he foresees. <br /> <br /> Technically, Live Feed is not terribly impressive, blood seems to me to be too water-free, and all the scenes that are stunned in neon light sometimes make it difficult to say what's going on, often it looks like a hand-held camcorder and fine Editing at least on version R is sometimes a tedious confusion. Shot on real porn theater somewhere in Vancouver Canada. Action is bad, sometimes I couldn't tell if its actors should cry or laugh ... <br /> <br /> Live Feed is not a movie I would recommend anyone to rush and buy or buy a rental, I didn't think it is a very weak predictive story with no exposures and no going anywhere, bad performance and less than impressive gore (with at least R). Watch either Hostel movies again or instead as they are better.
