First of all, the actor with whom they have to play Jesus has blue eyes ... half of the actors they have played Jews have blue eyes. Isn't there enough brown-eyed actors there? Jesus is depicted with blue eyes, one of my pets. He was a full blood Jew! Secondly, what are the old English films that should take place in non-English speaking countries, and all have English? (Another example is David Lea's "Dr. Zhivago".) There aren't enough Jewish actors or actors who can handle the Israeli accent? The film is not often Scripture, and so it seems doubtful that Jesus' claim is the Messiah. In the Bible, when Jesus baptizes by John, there is a voice coming out of heaven, saying, "This is my beloved son, over whom I am well pleased" (Matthew 3:17, Mark 1:11, Luke 3:22). In the movie, John Baptist says it! The script seems to be trying to make the believers crazy. In the Bible, for example, the angel Gabriel says to Mary Mary that she will become pregnant with the Son of God (Luke 1: 26-38), but the film does not see or hear any angel - Mary seems to be speaking of moonlight, and when Mary's mother hears her talking to someone does not listen or see anyone. He also says in the film when Jesus speaks to the Pharisees in the temple of Jerusalem, "He doesn't see me again, not until you learn to cry," Blessed is he who comes in the name of the Lord "because I and my father are one and the same." The right line (Matthew 23:39 and Luke 13:35) is "You will not see me again until you say," Blessed is he who comes in the name of the Lord. "" Period. Jesus never claimed to be God. The film cuts out many important parts (Mount Sermon is very drowned), but spends a lot of time on things that are not even in the Bible (the whole scene where Mary Magdalene talks to John). It seems that the scriptwriter wants to not want to make a version of the Scripture film, but wanted to make a movie about what he thinks is actually behind the scenes (and sometimes). There is, however, one pearl on the film - during the scene when Jesus spoke of the parable of the prodigal gallery, there were tears in Matees's tax collector's house that flowed under my face. This is the best film I've seen in the service of Jesus (but it doesn't say much because others are just terrible). The "Jesus Christ Superstar" is my favorite film of Jesus' last days ("the passion of Christ" is too graphic), although I like how "Jesus of Nazareth" continues and shows the death of Jesus. resurrection.
