Scary Movie 3 is not as funny as its predecessors, but it's still funny moments. It all starts when the reporter Cindy Campbell tries to find the hard news in the middle of a television attack. He will soon discover world-wide developments, including alien invaders, killer video tapes, freaky crops, and more. Faced with the large proportions of conspiracy and the team of very strange people around him, Cindy must fight to stop evil around the world. The plot is not a question here, because the first two were pretty much a lot less. This time, they will focus on the characters, the circle, the matrix, and the 8 miles, and for many others, not as much as the one mentioned earlier. The first was one of the strange movies I've ever seen. The second was not so good, but still quite funny. The third is easy to enjoy, but nothing special. Let's just say I never wanted to see it, but I probably wouldn't want to see it again. The jokes are either hit or missed and those that are funny usually include Charlie Sheen. The flat ones usually involve Anthony Anderson because he is very overrated. Why it stays painful is unclear because he is not funny. Anna Faris gives a funny show and she is also underestimated. Simon Rex shows some potential because he wasn't really so bad. Regina Hall also returns to Brendana and gives a pretty funny presentation. The rest of the majority were pretty many bonnets. Jenny McCarthy and Pamela Anderson probably had a more fun scene from all the sticks. In their opening order, which breaks the circle and that scene, the film is the most enjoyable. Denise Richards, Queen Latifah, Camryn Manheim and many others have also come. David Zucker is in charge, and although it is not another plane, it is not the second daughter of my boss. It's pointless to analyze straight comedy as the main thing people want to know if it's funny or not. As I said before, if you like it, you probably don't like it so much. Finally, I find it a bit disappointing because the PG-13 rating has weakened, but it can still be enjoyed. Rating 6.3 / 10
