I was originally a terrible director with Sun-Woo Jang because I felt like he was cheating on me. Jang had the potential to create a strong, deeply emotional film about sex and its impact on people, but decided to focus his strength on the pornographic element more than the actual human element. I could not see the characters at first and his sloppy introduction that mixed both realism and cinema was the best amateur? yet this movie was in my mind for days after I watched it. It was not the story, it was the characters, nor the visible pornographic nature of the film, but the transition Jang showed between Y and J.. If you look carefully at this film, you will see both of them begin in the phase of studying their relationship, wanting to jump into the unknown, but not quite sure the next step. When they continue meeting, exploring new ways of entertainment, they are constantly jumping between aggressor and aggression. At first, Jang explores the idea that J is a situation that is under control of the situation, then haunts, when J becomes obsessed with Y. This is a very small change, and due to the graphic content of this movie, it is easy to skip, but it does exist. The end result obviously becomes clear when J can't live with Y because their meetings are becoming less frequent and J tries to become part of a normal society. It was a great and very exciting element for this film to see before your eyes, but unfortunately it was the only element of this film that you should look at. <br /> <br /> I ignore those who talk about this movie other than pornography, because at the heart of this movie are human elements, as they are underdeveloped, as they are, they are there. This is a film that speaks of our life, which is rarely studied in the film or spoken in documents. What happens behind closed doors is never known? or so we should believe. Though the act itself starts to be a bit after a while, director Jang is trying to change some of the ever-changing landscapes. Our characters are constantly moving from the hotel room to the hotel room to quench their thirst for their meat. It's fun first, but again it seems Jangi's repetitive streak makes it boring as exciting. This brings me to the biggest problem I had with this movie. Jang had a great story with Gojitmal, but when he failed (out of the obvious choice to focus directly on the pornographic side), he took the scenes, repeated them over and over, without changing to us, so that we could have the signs of the message. Where did Jang go with this movie? Did she want sex to tell stories or did she believe these characters? He failed in that sense, because by the end of the film we know so little about Y and J that we could care less about how they solve themselves. At best, the end seems almost random when Jang tries to create the final resolution of the two absolute unknowns of this film. I have to give Jang some credit to try, but not much. He tried to create some sub-stories that would create a personal element that we lacked, but they just couldn't come together well. Yi's brother and J's wife were those plot points, but again these stronger sub-stories changed because they focused on the sexual element, unforgettable and down to the right. Perhaps it was just the way I watched this movie, but nothing else worked outside the sexual scene. We didn't know anything about J and Y and that's why Gojitma failed. Finally, I would like to say that this film could have been a strong score or a genre of music that is extremely far from it. bring us, the viewers, closer to the emotions J and Y know. I remember, and I try to push this movie far away, I don't remember any musical basis. Gojitmal may have a stronger film if Jang stylized this music or did something that refers to the beings of our character. Although I understand that he wanted sex to be spoken by himself, only a technical element was missing from this film, which may be a stronger desire for more. Technically it was a bad film. Of course, there was an independent film in nature, which seemed to be directed by the director Jang to make symbolic references of nothing like your typical independent. I did not see as much social message or human element as mentioned above, I just felt that he threw this film together in two weeks and realized that sex sells it enough. It wasn't Larry Clark's production; it was a sub-par and certainly needed some technical clicks to work harder than the final edition! In general, I think I could have liked this movie and I had the smaller elements I enjoyed, but I felt that this movie was rushed, repetitive, and played too much instead of breaking taboos. The obvious pitfalls of this movie can be seen in the last scene of this movie when we talk about creating the title of this movie. Our characters were uneven, our story was underdeveloped, and we could have used something memorable to do what happens between Y and J, more symbolic than sex. For me, Jang tried too much to capture an art house that matches pornography? and it failed. It was not a film that was worth the time and effort he did. <br /> <br /> Rating: ** Off *****
