VERY LESS SPOILERS <br /> <br /> This movie is the first Russian horror movie. Unfortunately, in my opinion, the "witch" (its Russian title) takes me to the terrible Russian film gallery. It is based on Nikolai Gogol's "Viy", a classic in Russia. "Basic" is the key word here because no story is needed. Instead, the less you know about Gogol, the better. <br /> <br /> It is a unique production because we are used to managing stories from other cultures and adapting them to their culture. The remainder of America's foreign-language film is a great example, but then again, Sturgess Kurosawa made seven samurai with great results in an excellent seven, and Kurosawa surpassed Shakespeare's Macbeti in Japan to make an incredibly powerful Throne in the blood, riveting King King Lear to Ran. But "The Witch" we have Russians who are transmitting Russian classical story to American soil. The movie was shot in English in English with the aim of copying it to English actresses using English and having relatively synchronous lip movements. The natural consequence is the disappearance of the colorful Ukrainian background story that comes from the drab-American small town, which has apparently been removed from some obsolete horror book. Got a cozy seminar at Khoma Brutus, instead we have a cozy journalist who will win the Pullitzer Prize and who at the same time writes X-Files about similar events and frequencies in Miss Boobs. (I never thought that the Pullitzer Prize was given to this writing, now I am downgraded.) The odd Russian-language arrow is called the journalist Ivan Berkhoff. They should have called him John Smith because it's impossible to get more hackneyed, clichéd and general than this movie. <br /> <br /> Berkhoff goes to the town called Castleville, gets into the dirt, stays on until he finds a broken house and is a relatively modest old crown. All this about the radio message delivery note that concerns the forces of evil in the most powerful, and the people who are better off indoors and avoid water. Need to mention that it's really hard? After a couple of allegedly scary scenes that laugh at me, the story of our journalists who are priests, they are a lost priest, and a local sheriff tells her that her daughter, who died after a cruel attack, wanted the new priest to pray for her three nights. Here, this action begins. Those who have time to kill are welcome. <br /> <br /> What's wrong with this movie? All, starting with dialogue and signing department. The dialogue that I heard in Russian was originally written in English and was produced exclusively from clichés and spreads from American films. The actors fought as well with English as their timing of speech was laborious and unnatural, and Russian dubbing followed it. Operation is mostly cruel and not only because participants often find it difficult to talk, but because they do not have any facial expressions. Mostly they are just empty or you want them to be. The only exceptions are the sheriff played by the fine Estonian actor Lembit Ulfsak and the Arnis Lizitis associated with Castleville's wheelchair. Oh, and, of course, the cock who's completely natural with the camera! I know that actors complain that dogs and cats are built, but when Nikolaev has fallen, this sad testimony is about the overall quality of the film. <br /> <br /> There was no scary moment in the whole movie and there were no original moments in the movie. Remember, this comment comes from someone who is relatively inexperienced with horror. The film is full of standard movements that have been used in the horror film since its creation. At a critical moment, the camera lovingly holds the kerosene lamp. The lamp goes out immediately. It must also have seen some horror films. An example of ultimate idiot comes at the second moment, a sign that jumps out of the bath and runs with the camera. She wears something that looks like a loincloth! It is no longer idiotic than it is! <br /> <br /> Russia, who liked it, would have had to advertise it as a mysterious thriller. I wasn't excited either. It was from the beginning of the mill to the end. I was particularly pleased that the entire small town population behaved as if they knew exactly that they lived in a horror film, unless they were not sure whether they had zombies or not. Therefore, some of these zombie-like behaviors worked. The filmmakers say that it is a matter of finding faith. The fine collections of such idiotic acts, foolish moments, and yes, clichés, do not deserve to be found in faith. The film is so profound and totally fake that it just deserves an exhibition at a wax museum.
