What's in here? Let me tell you. This is (Alec Baldwin). She's not a great actor, but maybe a great star with some good movies, that's not one. He did nothing more than anything he did before or after. So to speak (literally!), That (Steve McQueen) plays the same role in the original because I don't want to make that comparison. I'm not a big fan or even a fan (Kim Basinger), he got him a lot of bad movies and even his best looks average! And it goes to my nerves when they talk about her seductive rare beauty !! Well, if a blonde would be, then anyone who would charm you, color your hair as soon as possible yellow! And what's this craze over Basinger's Legs? Is it definitely crazy or bad tasting? Because I don't see both of them not only sexy but also UGLY! And if you hate to shoot me down, you know what ?! I was watching this movie just so I'm dead! But what would make you truly intolerable is that nothing goes beyond what it deserves the most? And of course I mean (Jennifer Tilly) .. Now we are talking about a truly truly seductive chick, such an unforgettable body and one unique way of thinking like a nasty brunette (Marilyn Monroe) but much healthier !! (I can't help it, he was the only new and observable thing here!). (Michael Madsen) as a bad boy was very tempting and efficient than good guys (James Woods) is here to sum up the early events next to the pool (so the trailer would be his voice later!) And he knew before that it is all over Hollywood stuff, so "do your thing, take your money and happiness as an actor in other movies!", editing gave the film a serious personality with a violent atmosphere that took place with the help of appropriate cinematography, so its main goods (action, excitement, ..) are here and quite well done, though all the echo of the deep meaning (betrayal types) if the whole dramatic motive of the whole thing is not that strong so don't wait for it. OK, all this is another repeat without anything special (except for Jennifer Tilly's spicy moments!), So I think I was trying to be objective as much as I could because I shouldn't finish my opinion by saying that (Basinger) or someone here better This film would be offensive because, frankly, it. Something better than this movie!
