This pretty bad horror / drama movie is headed by well-known operator Freddie Francis (Glory, Elephant Man). The 19th Century England has a different understanding of how to treat medicine as dr. The Thomas Rock Act, which states that only hung criminals can be investigated and tested. But the stock of these bodies is small and Rock needs more - and he prefers them to fresher. As he is inside his circle, he starts paying for people to find organs for learning and testing. Desperate sleazebags Robert Fallon and Timothy Broom get this job on the wind and start killing and selling these bodies to Rock. Of course, such actions have even worse consequences than practicing non-criminals bodies and causing problems for everyone. Although the overall story sounds intriguing on paper, almost everyone is ridiculously bad about the doctor and the devils. <br /> <br /> After the first fifteen minutes of the movie, you will already have doubts about your decision to watch the movie. The whole look of the movie is just ugly. The filmmakers saw how the film takes place on the slums of England in the 19th century, but apparently they were "ugly", but they didn't do it artificially. Everything from kits to cinematography is just cheap, weak and nasty. Almost all scenes are full of something you just can't take seriously, and mostly it is related to someone (both small and big roles) that does something that looks or sounds completely ridiculous. Francis certainly didn't help his participants much. <br /> <br /> Jonathan Pryce and Stephen Rea play the twisted buddies of Fallon and Broom and are very bombarded but very bad. Their characters are crazy by nature, but Pryce and Rea move to death. Especially they have difficulty keeping the same pressure out of the shoot - especially Pryce Cockneys runs between Ireland and Long John Silver to some lagoon creature and so on and so forth. It is also a sense of humor to see Twiggy in this movie, not to mention playing a demanding street whore, because she can't save her life (though her song is not so funny at the end credit). Boy, he was sure he had a long way: "flower power" to "I take off clothes". "As bad as these three actors in this movie, Julian Sands takes the prize for the worst result of the movie. He's just as flat as he gets, giving one ridiculous attempt to show anger, love, happiness, anxiety after another - choose emotion, emotion! < br /> <br /> There is only one good thing about the doctor and the devils: the performance of Dr. Rock by Timothy Dalton. Despite the surrounding cinematographic wastewater, Dalton is quite excellent, giving an electric image to an over-guided but good-natured person. as good as Mr. Dalton.
