I appreciate what Barney is trying to achieve, but after I sat down last night in a college movie house, I couldn't think ... when would it end? Very long and meaningful for two hours and fifteen minutes. I only saw part of the Cremaster 3 on the DVD and thought I knew what to expect. This means that such experimental films are better cut in small steps. There are a couple of beautiful / terrible images, including the title sequence (no jokes), but if you go to wait for some plot or meaning, then you will be stuck for a long time. I managed to wake up for the whole thing (if it is a compliment), but more often, if not, I waited for some meaning or narrative ... big mistake. Among the images is a highly decorated gift wrapping ceremony, generating the nasty food that appears to be petroleum jelly formed with a cookie cutter and shrimp (it is served on the ship's crew shown throughout the film), with a large butterfly root placed in the middle of it, with a big tentacle, Bjork and director Matthew Barney's reciprocal removal of internal organs, which culminates in some strange communion, followed by their transformation into cranky beings. The soundtrack is sometimes beautiful and tedious ... sometimes even crazy. At one time, Bjork has sung the song with the ephemeral rituals that we are playing with, and at other times is just a constantly high-level instrument that we see as a mysterious woman playing the beginning and end of the film. If it does not make sense, then it is NOT! If it sounds like your cup of tea, you will love it completely! If it seems to be something you probably don't like, stay away from it because you will probably walk out of the way if half of the people I participated in the review. This is the definition of an art film. You get what you take from it. But there is not much else, except for a few couples and constant architectural and deconstruction rituals. I am pleased that there is a place for such films, but I cannot say that I would like to sit down again. But I can't say I wouldn't want to compare and compare Barney Cremaster movies from start to finish. I think maybe now that I know what to expect, I could enjoy something like that. To give you an idea of ​​what the sense of understanding in this film is, I would have liked it if I had stoned the stones. Then he could have felt twice as long as it was, and then it would be really bad. Definitely not for everyone.
