Winter Kills is a terrible, inconsistent and very disappointing conspiracy comedy-thriller by the little-known director William Richert. As I watched the film, I honestly felt that I was emperor in the classic factory "Emperor's New Clothes". The film made me feel stupid because I couldn't do the head or tail of the solstice and the meaningless characters. But I felt embarrassed to admit that the film tied my brain up in the nodes. So I stuck to the end, hoping that all the confusing mess would get rid of. Then I realized that ... the film is the TRANSLATION to be serpentine, meaningless and illogical, because it is the whole point. It is a salad-like look at conspiracy theories and theorists, where the worship of the plot is the truth of the metaphor, half the truth and lies that define any conspiracy. Even when I got that joke, I still felt that Winter Kills was a pretty terrible movie. <br /> <br /> Young Nick Kegan (Jeff Bridges) is a younger brother of the former US president who was murdered in Philadelphia. Nick is present when a dying man claims he shot the president and gives detailed information about where his gun was hidden. Nick follows the clues, but every step of how people help him seems to be dead in mysterious circumstances. Also his father, Pa Kegan (John Huston), a vulgar and avidly wealthy businessman, interferes with Nick's research. The deeper he is murdering, the more Nick realizes he falls with complex lies and red herring, where there is nothing that seems and nobody can trust. <br /> <br /> Film is a consistent nightmare to follow, and in many ways it is not worth trying, for the reason mentioned above, to deliberately beat itself. Cast is full of extraordinary talents, but most of them are wasted. Toshiro Mifune has one of the shortest and most meaningless roles of cinema; Elizabeth Taylor seems to be unreduced and has no dialogue; Richard Boone is given what seems to be an interesting role, but his character doesn't go anywhere. John Huston has a powerful patriarch's best role and gives us some enjoyable moments in his film with his acerbic delivery. Anthony Perkins also gets a horrible role and is doing well, although his screen time is too short to make the character full justice. Some nudity and sexual scenes are thrown out without real reason, and although they are fairly graphic and can turn to voyeurists, they actually belong to another movie. The semi-comic climax of the film is embarrassing and disappointing, but paradoxically memorable in its strange little ways. There's obviously a cultural figure out there for Winter Kills .... but I don't read it.
