The spoiler below, but read on or you never know what a terrible destiny awaits all Rodentz rentals. <br /> <br /> On a hot night, the telework lab has a major medical breakthrough. Get Deadly Results. The chemical compound that was created to "hunt and destroy" deadly cancer cells has leaked from the hazardous waste disposal system to the building's basement. Now, the only rats in rodents that have become changed species are not included in the laboratory test. Professor Schultz, a leading bio-scientist, has just found that adding a new enzyme now allows you to regenerate your "hunt and destroy" composition as long as it is necessary to neutralize deadly cancer tumors. When three different rats are given three different levels and the rest is poured under the "Waste treatment" sink, shocking side effects ..... right ..... <br Really this is probably the worst film I've seen this year . All this screams with "low budget!", From the frightening action to the special effects, which are some of the worst I've ever seen. The characters are cliché moles and act in foolish, predictable ways: walking along the blind corridors alone, looking for a cat, beating and falling, so "rats" can catch up with them, access a small space, and so on. While some movies are cheap, this movie really takes a cake. All possible angles are cut, all from the reuse of previous frames, filming "Lab" corridors from different angles to make it bigger (it reminds me - why were only two guys in this freakin massive building?!?!?!?), Music and special effects, what could be done in a children's workshop computer. <br /> <br /> This brings me to the worst side of this evaporating manure - special effects. Just terrible. Computer-generated rats are so fake and stand out in every scene, so even the toughest movie films would see they were created on a computer. And this gigantic rat game - OH MY GOD !!!!!!!! seriously, should we believe that freaking beany baby is a monster? Just pathetic ........ On the right side, some gore look pretty cool, especially considering the budget. <br /> <br /> Participants suck. someone who was involved in production did not care or know what they were doing. I've wasted enough time on the review, just take advice, it's garbage. 1/10. <br /> <br /> From DVD: The transmission sucks, the sound is passable and the director and two of his friends are on the disc commentary who say they have nothing to do with the movie, but were there to ask questions and comment. All three of these original human mucus are so incredibly foolish that they should be institutionalized before they harm themselves or others. I don't want to waste any more time on my reader or mine, because I'm gonna remember more if I want this movie ..... DVD rating: 1/10.
