The altered species begin on a Friday night in Los Angeles, where Dr. Irwin (Guy Easy) and his laboratory worker Walter (Allen Lee Haff) burn a midnight oil because they are still trying a revolutionary new drug called Rejenacyn. As Walter hints down the last failed attempt downstream, the tubes leak from the fluorescent green liquid into the basement, where the escaped labyrinths start drinking it ... Five Walter's friends, Alicia (Leah Rown in a very catchy dress, including some cool boots from Gary (Richard Peterson), Burke (Derek Hofman), Frank (David Bradley) & Chelsea (Alexandra Townsend) decide that he's been working too hard and needing a way out to plan to pick him up and party at night, back to the lab and cleaner Douglas (Robert Broughton) has attacked and killed by today's scouring rats, as Walter injects the last serum batch in a labyrinth that breaks down from its cage because it grows at an amazing rate. Walter's friends turn up, but he can't leave when the rat is lost, so everyone can help him. six are potential rat foods ... <br /> <br /> Also known as Rodentz changed species, edited and instructed by Mi les Feldman Producer Serge Rodnunsky's script is bad and together with the overall mercy of production, the changed species are really flat. At first the characters are foolish, annoying and clichés. Then there is an unoriginal plot with a crazy scientist, a monster he has created, an isolated location, a stranded person cast & a mandatory final showdown between a hero and a monster. It's all here somewhere. Modified species move at a fair pace, which is almost the best thing I can say about it and luckily won't last as long. Basically your average grinder is a killer mutant rat film and that's not very good. <br /> <br /> Film director Feldman's films and the whole thing is quite boring and forgotten. some special effects and attack scenes leave much to be desired. First of all, CGI rats are terrible, there is a camera movement in the sequence of attacks, and really fast editing to try and hide the fact that all rats sit there passively. At different points in the changed species, the rat cages must be shaken by the movement of the rats, but you clearly see all the rats in it because someone shakes the cage screen. The huge monster of the rats at the end seems pretty poor, because it's just a guy in innocent clothing. There are no fears, no tension or no atmosphere, and when are the basements with bright neon lighting? Here's one or two nice borons with a nice big dirty hole where their face was before, there is a broken arm and a break, a lot of rat bites, someone with an eyeball and a dead distorted cat. br /> <br /> Technically modified species are all standard. It takes place within one building, has a low-cost CGI effect and low production values. It doesn't work much, but it's not too bad and a special mention to Leah Rowan as Alicia because he is a little kid and makes the changed species just a little nicer and easier to watch ... <br /> <br /> The changed species are not particularly good movie, actually it's pretty bad, but I think you could do it worse. Not great, but it may be worth watching if you are not too demanding and have nothing else to do.
