Nell Shipman has to pay a huge sum of money to promote Maxwell's car landscape capabilities. The plot is pretty simple, Nell plays a writer who has a bad writer's block and needs inspiration so he goes to Mexico to swallow the atmosphere. There he meets a hero (Bert Van Tuyle), a cowboy who decides to drive by car rather than ride. Although Nell visits his father's partner at his mining camp, he is kidnapped by local bandits and taken to his camp in the desert in the desert. The hero must go to him quickly so he decides to go there in his car. This is where the film takes strange. Bert travels through any imaginable landscape, big rocks, small streams, heavy brushes, harsh stumps, steep slopes, etc. For the majority of the film, we see that this car makes it more difficult to overcome barriers. Now remember that this is not today's ATV, it's the 1920 Maxwell car, so it looks like a off-road vehicle. And it clearly has limitations on some of the landscapes that it faces, we see it in the movie more than once. But the filmmakers tried to show that it strikes the odds and eventually overcomes all the obstacles. When the hero hides in the camp and rescues the girl, he jumps with the car and rides with the bandits in surveillance (on a horse) and at that point he became a mysterious joke. Looking at this car slowly running around a huge rock, falling into a gravel and mountain brush, going back and forth to gain enough momentum to overcome the limbs of fallen trees, the bandits would have had enough time to catch up. But they never do, though we have to believe that the chase of the desert will last all night. And at the stupid climax, the car climbs up the mountain and helps Nell and the heroes push the huge stone to the side to crush the pursuing bandits. <br /> <br /> After seeing this movie, the army should invest in Maxwell's cars in 1920 because they have clearly better off-road capabilities than the Hummers and Bradley tanks. Watch this movie for a laugh, it's worth seeing Nelli in the car for grilling and saying, "You did your best, brave little car"
