to make a movie for the current audience - I'm sure to be amazed at the number of positive comments that this wretched film has gathered here. I can't credit it, can't help but be doubtful about this, back to the critics who give Annette Bening for the Oscar; The kitchen ceiling hole may be more suitable for chewing his landscape. He is a wonderful actor, but unfortunately this is an unequaled performance, where there is no important high-quality film actor who has to get into the scene and keep it in time when the movie is shot with scattered madness. <br /> <br /> I don't really want to blame Miss Bening or most of the other performers (well, Gwyneth Paltrow has no excuse for her smooth work) because it's a terrible customization, a classic mistake case (I'm done I'm not read the book and don't think I'll start after that). The script opens us in the middle / confusion that cannot be understood, and the extreme emotional nerves that emerge from mysterious characters who have not developed relationships with us or with each other. It quickly turns into a grotesque excessive tsunami-like attack that captures characters and audiences and left me like a survivor who shook my head at the end of every episode. Shock and awe describe my reaction between frantic, two polar mood disruptions and the oh-so-silent sensitivity, the last telegraphy of one irritating, manipulative, droning soundtrack I've heard - that's when it's not set for a ridiculously inconsistent tone - period what you know, but you picked an astonishingly neglected tone of scenes. <br /> <br /> How I know this subtle pain in it - I can't believe they saw the scenario before signing. They definitely apply their skills with devotion - I was so sorry that the wonderful Jill Clayburgh cut a comic pouch with a costume and a wig that was trying to unnecessarily turn a key spanner into a key spanner. In contrast, Alec Baldwin rises upward from the material to achieve consistent, nuanced and realistic performance. Can anyone give this person a leadership role? And how is Rachel Evan Wood - or Joseph Fiennes? You think industry could make better use of it and without it, like Elliot Gould M.A.S.H. <br /> <br /> My voice? Persistent, all right, but no connection to heaven.
