When trying to assassinate the mother of Ovar, an Arab potent who visits Washington, has been saved by cocktail postman Sunny Davis. Sunny becomes a national heroine and media celebrity, and is offered as part of the US Department of State's protocol section. Yet he has not been told by a public official who offers him work, hidden. <br /> <br /> We are seeing a map showing a Dawn on the borders of Saudi Arabia and South Yemen, in a rough desert. Rub al-Khali, an empty quarter. In real life, the country in this place would be virtually nil and practically zero strategic value, but for the film we have to accept that Ohtar is of immense strategic importance during the Cold War, and that the American government wishing to build a military base there must do everything they can to Keep your ruler good. It turns out that the emir has taken a pleasant attractive woman who saved her and has reached an agreement with the state agency; they have their own base on the condition that it becomes Sunni as the last harem additive. A sunny new job is just a witch to make sure the emirate can meet her. <br /> <br /> Such a plot could have been some fun satire, but actually the satirical content of the movie is tinted. It is possible that in 1984 the American public was not a satire for foreign policy of their country; it was a year when Ronald Reagan was forty-nine out of fifty in the presidential election and his hard line with the Soviet Union was clearly down with the electorate. (When the film was made a few years later, the tone may have been different following the Iran / Contra case). <br /> <br /> The film is not as satire as the vehicle for Goldie Hawn to show its brand of brilliance and charm. Sunny is a typical Goldie character, beautiful, cute, naive and not too bright. However, there is a limit to how far you can go only with brightness and charm, and you cannot automatically make a bad movie by making the leading character a fool blonde. (In fact, it sounds like a good movie making halbana recipe). Goldie tries to save it the best, but never succeeds. Part of the reason is the inconsistent way of depicting his character. On the one hand, Sunny is a sweet, innocent girl in the country. On the other hand, she is a 35-year-old woman working in a butterfly bar and wearing a revealing costume. The effect is more like imagining the breeding and working of Rebecca at Sunnybrook Farm as a Bunny Girl. <br /> <br /> The most important reason Goldie is unable to save this movie is even the best comedian or comedienne is better than his material and "protocol" is simply unsuccessful. Whatever it is, is tired and tense, relying on offensive stereotypes of Arab men who are probably all lustful after Western women, especially when they are blonde and blue eyes. There were many such things in the mid-eighties, as it was also a time for the appalling Ben Kingsley / Nastassia Kinski movie "Harem", a central Middle Eastern ruler who kidnaps a young American woman with the same name, which spoke of a virtually identical era . The filmmakers seem to have realized that their film does not work as a clean comedy, because it will eventually become the last day "Mr Smith goes to Washington". The sunny turns into a bibo of blonde wisdom and begins to proclaim all obedience to democracy and the constitution and the duty of citizens to vote and our people, and how the price of freedom is eternal vigilance blah blah blah ???? but the film is no longer a political parable as comedy. <br /> <br /> Goldie Hawn has made a number of good comedies such as "Cactus Flower", "Overboard" and "House Grower", but "Protocol" is not one of them, I haven't seen all of her movies, but of them I saw this terrible comedy worst.
