Using not only Trader Hor, but also the first two films (such as the alligator fight recently used), this is one of the weakest films in the MGM series. It's a tremendous shoot after the classic Tarzan and his Mate, which is probably the best movie in the series. <br /> <br /> The plot has Jane's relatives coming to the jungle to tell her she has inherited a fortune when I come back to ask for it. They are kind of binding, because his left relative cut him out of his will. Hiring a big white hunter who secretly wants to hit and sell Tarzan moves to a couple of jungles where they get into the usual jungle troubles (all the more so with film material). After many talks, Jane decides to go back to civilization, and we get long Tarzan and Jame sequences that make a kiss face. Finally, the plot used to catch Tarzan in the last half hour and finally things become interesting when the plans go awry and things look pretty grim for all the things involved. <br /> <br /> A painfully dull film is a clear proof of alarming production. The film seems to have been put together in a number of different films, with almost exact repetitions of the previous film being played in the first half of the year. In the middle third, they see that they have to stretch out and draw lines that ultimately did not go. The last third, where Tarzan has been caught and the party is put at risk, is the point that the film finally comes to life (it also shows signs of graphic violence that caused much of the need to shoot the movie again). For me, this is a wonderful miracle how to continue the series because this movie is not very good (except at the end). I would find it difficult to explain it except when I say that it was the relationship between Weissmuller and O'Sullivan as Tarzan and Jane who kept the people back. It is a beautifully made pairing and really one of the great couples. <br /> <br /> (I should also mention that this is the point that the film became less real with the appearance of the Tarzan tree and that I really do not know this movie for the first hour or so and I find it a great time and waste of energy .If you could come to an end, I would recommend trying the movie. Otherwise I skipped the whole movie and moved on to the next series.
