In a small American city of Meadowvale, Dr. Anthony Blake (David Gale, IMDb's list of this character is wrong, it's definitely Dr. Blake, not Dr.'s local television program "Independent Thinkers." He uses this TV to hypnotize viewers and do Dr Blake has a big brain that has a bad face that uses a spinal cord like a tail, usually just sitting in a tank, eating mice and a strange bad actor every time he eats someone who gets much bigger. Jim Majelewski (Tom Bresnahan) is a talented but cumbersome teenager in local high school at the time, trying to put sodium sodium in. Jim is sent to Dr Blake in PRI for solving his attitude and behavioral problems. Although Dr Blake hooks up with Jim, there is something I don't really do At first, Jim is able to withstand the brain's mind control, and the brain feels that Jim poses a threat to himself and this plan When leaving the PRI, Jim starts strange hallucinations and runs under the car. Jim does it to his reporting friend Janet (Cynthia Preston as Cyndy Preston), but gives it to dr. The brain wants to kill Jim, because he is the only one who can tolerate the mind control technique, and "Independent Thinkers" who go to the country do not want the brain or stop anyone from dominating the world of this evil plan! Jim quickly understands that the brain is controlled by the whole city and must stop the brain before it takes over the world! <br /> <br /> Ed Hunt, who calls himself Edward Hunt, was not as bad as I thought it would be. Don't get me wrong, because it's definitely not great. Barry Pearson's Manuscript seeks to get under the control of the satire's brain washing and minds T.V. It moves at a fair pace and is not too boring. There is no explanation for the existence of the brain at all, it's just there and that's what we need to adopt. The story is a bit dirty and never explores a single element, there is the control of the TV, the brain itself, Jim has hunted by the police and his misbehavior, and several other small pieces and pieces here and there, including the bizarre revelation of dr. Blake, which is not explained at all. Production wise this film looks cheap and probably was cheap. It's not great, but I've seen worse and what does David Gale do? In fact, this role is similar to Gale's role in Re-Animator (1985), even until his character's death in both films. The brain itself at the beginning of the tank and starts growing when it eats anybody and eventually it is quite big. Each stage is simply made of rubber. It doesn't look very good and not scary or scary, just cheap. Blink does not have any blood or gore in it and you lose it. Nudity is given by Dr. Blake's assistant Vivian (Christine Kossak as Christine Kossack) before she eats. For me, the brain was a certain entertaining value, but I think most people would not like it. You might want to check it out if you see it in T.V for free.
