If you say that Thunderbirds is scary, forced, your face, ugly look, nasty to listen and hurt to watch a movie, don't say enough. There are only two reasons I can think about why you would watch this movie: 1; You've seen Thunderbirds when you were young (as I did) and I am curious about what it is, but you really look only to find out how bad they were doing things. Or 2; you see it with people under the age of ten. <br /> <br /> Thunderbirds can shake what it is trying to do. The list goes on and on, but there are other finer, humiliating things that are painfully obvious when you think about it. Outside is Thunderbirds wrong, wrong, wrong. The whole moral message and the "goal" are built up: Jeff Tracy (new low for Bill Paxton) tells his youngest son, Alan, that he has not yet proved himself to be Thunderbird Alan accidentally and foolishly decided to go to Tracy Island's intestines come to Thunderbird One. The whole movie is a series of events and fires that consist of Alan, who is trying to prove himself, while his father and other brothers are in Thunderbird's five-room space. <br /> <br /> The film is based on child actors. film: 16-year-old Alan Tracy (Corbet), 16-year-old Tin Tin (Hudgens) and 14-year-old Fermat (Fulton), son of Brain. To say that watching the adventures they receive is painful, is an underestimation. Often, the script tries to act and use it to fight the evil "Hood" (Kingsley) in a ridiculously uncomfortable and hammy way, acting as an entertainment during the movie's lifetime; it only differs if everyone is in another place. Also, the whole "mind control" thing was very tiring and basically dragged down the movie because it was overwhelmed and offered the opportunity for our heroes to see Hood's weakness? forced and random. <br /> <br /> I know most of these movies for children are trying to integrate some material into adults, but in Thunderbirds it is made to make Lady Penelope fetish. Sophia Myles plays Penelope and I think it's not a coincidence if she's a little older than the rest of the kids? At the age of 24 it is almost too good to be true. His scenes are often very charged and bear erotic pressure. We see her in the bath, bubbling her neck while watching the TV; is her butler and sneaks peek when she seductively turns channels into her wet, bare and bubble covered mouth. Frequent shots of his massive, bright pink high heels that fill the screen during different scenes: This first happens when he is actually involved with another occurrence in another woman's fight! Because of this, her bright pink costumes, which simply show enough coverage, are particularly outstanding as she moves and talks about this joyous, dominant English accent; sounds like a leading mistress (well, she's LADY Penelope after all? and you'd better make sure she was invited). Hood's real plot does everything he does to kid a couple of bankers, is very strange, characters who are his bodyguards: a geeky gazing woman and a hard body black guy who gets upset. Should we laugh at it? What about fighting scenes? Poor choreographic stunts and what the hell was stupid? That's completely, totally ridiculous. <br /> <br /> The list goes on. How Bill Paxton plays all this seriously, as he was told, that they do it in one way, but it was the second way Ford's motor vehicle has its own logo logo. Newsletter: Ford's sponsored camera also moves Ford several times when cars are released, how does CGI look like a video game on a computer game? it is terrible. We are told to believe that a 16-year-old girl can swim in the Thames, against the present, to save the fallen monorail (monorail over the Thames!), Return to the hatch and hence; Save the day all the time by keeping your soul busy. This is the absolute bull and the makers know it? I don't even know if the 10-year-old would have swallowed. <br /> <br /> In short: avoid, avoid, avoid. Thunderbirds is frightening, uncomfortable, poorly written, and even Rolls Royce was removed and replaced by a flying car? all that could go wrong was wrong.
