Original Thunderbirds got their place in TV history. It was and still is very loved - indeed, the first 10 minutes of all Wallace and Gromid (Wererabbit) movies are a direct boost to Thunderbirds, until the original Thunderbird 2 queue (if you don't want to) I don't believe me, I get a movie and then get a copy of the original episode where Thunderbird 2 will be launched.) <br /> <br /> This movie was a tiny attempt to make a children's film - if the original was enjoyed and enjoyed by both children and adults! In the original, Thunderbirds spent all their time saving people who were often trapped when Mother Nature or Technology went terribly wrong (yes, there was also a casual crime). Thunderbirds puts their lives and resources at risk because they are not the essence of heroism and selfishness. There was little physical violence. Thunderbirds challenged the imagination to some extent - how many of us would ever dream of building Thunderbird 2? And do not underestimate the ability of entertainment to do this - many Japanese attributes attribute the old Astroboy comic to their admiration for humanoid robots. <br /> <br /> But this movie was a bad reproduction of the original. This movie came up between Thunderbird and Loony Tunes - I mean we have Anthony Edwards like Brain, imitating Porky Pitch rotation ????? Much of the action consists of a Kung Fu / Power Rangers fight. Indeed, there were funny sound effects when someone got spikes in his head. There was no lack of our imaginative technology - instead we have been running these children using a plot device that was never in the original series (taking the whole team off immediately, leaving the ground for busy children and the brain). Then there was a dose of "Use Luke" mystery that was thrown out when TinTin puts something in, with The Hood, using aerodynamics that looked like they were lifted "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon." The only drawback was that The Hood went to "TinTin, I'm your uncle" with a breathing mask voice. The unique heart of Thunderbirds was GONE. <br /> <br /> The only bright spot was the depiction of Ron Cook from Parker - he hit it perfectly. But the actor who plays Lady Penelope came as a child - HUH ???? <br /> <br /> This is why we hate this movie. If someone picks up a fan base for popularity and expects fans to watch the money, and then sends something that wasn't even close to what the fans are waiting for - well, I'm sorry, it's just FALSE! OK, so when they made a children's movie - subtle - next time share the video that many of them belong to. But do not pack anything in a familiar wrapper and change the interior.
