"Thunderbirds" was a tremendously popular exhibition of the sixties that has surpassed years and generations, so it is now as popular as adults and children as it was in its flowering period. So, it would be possible to conclude that the millions of pounds of live movie movie is a great way to revive the series, as was the case with Spider-Man and The X-Men. But the terrible story and cheerful action destroyed this opportunity and it was soon evident that what was meant for this film was a trip to the favorable box of the children's games section. <br /> <br /> Five Tracey sons, their father and trusted geek who are trying to save people and protect the world from villains, our hero in this fever is malcontent and thirty-year-old Alan Tracey, fourteen-year-old Tin-tin and ten year-old year-old brainstorm Fermat, son of Brains (yes, son of Brains, despite being a man who could certainly not try a woman, maybe he grew a petri dish). As can be said from the flow of our three guides, the 2004 Thunderbirds remake was clearly aimed at attracting only children under the age of 12, rather than trying to turn to a broad age range, like those who took part in much better spider-man recovery. did. The plot was a weird, terrible, uncomfortable dialogue and weak jokes that probably didn't entertain the brighter pre-teens. The script seemed more interested in ripping the Spy Kids (which was at least peculiar and original) instead of showing people the knowledge and love. <br /> <br /> While Sophia Myles and Ron Cook were excellent as Miss Penelope and Parker had only three lines, their presence was barely felt. Bill Paxton's Jeff Tracey was just bored, and the rest of the four Tracey stores had just the slightest reputation, while Anthony Edwards and Ben Kingsley, like Brain and Hood, were just embarrassing. Especially Hood is not at all threatening or sinful, and instead it is a double, even haunting stereotypical frog that is rotten as a rotten piece of lettuce. <br /> <br /> Brady Corbet, who plays Alan Tracey, may be a good young actor, but it was hard to see that in the movie he was playing with a swarming brat who just grabs and the same applies to Vanessa Anne Hutchinson as Tin Tina's place, because she does the most, she is beautiful and beautiful to watch out for girls. Ironically, this is the young Soren Fulton Fermat, who is the only interesting character of the film because Fulton offers a natural and relaxed performance. <br /> <br /> The Thunderbirds series will be remembered forever as an excellent example that proves dolls to deliver solid performances! The Thunderbirds movie forgets most and some of them remember one big flop.
