I've always thought that most of the huge shell flops have something to suggest, but after 80 days of relocating the world and Thunderbirds I start to doubt it. For those who aren't familiar, this puppet theater is based on astronauts who use high-end missiles, spacecraft, and tools every week to save people from various disasters (falling bridges, robbed planes, burning buildings, etc.). Dolls are lost (replaced by many lifeless teenagers) and so is the premise - just one of the insecurely staged rescue and plot that has been shamelessly shattered by Spy Kids without imagination, hostility or entertainment. Young Alan Tracey feels out of all the rescue work that other Traceys don't see, because Dad won't let him play with a real rocket before he passes the exams. It is based on a beautiful tropical island (some punishments!), When its remaining bright opportunity - this is a set of identities that look like a gay neo-Nazi boy without any testimonials. they are troubled in the room and must have a day in which he runs around the jungle, calling, shooting comedy comers with a hose and destroying them for bad measurements. <br /> <br /> Good points are little and far. One of them is that the film is mostly in focus. The other is that they all have to go to Seychelles, which looks nice. <br /> <br /> Bad points: Where to start? Ben Kingsley's Career Opportunity? The above-mentioned incredible comedy alleviated the children who would shame the children's film fund at its worst? Almost complete action or effect on a $ 70m sci-fi movie? Terrible script, inanimate direction, disgusting moral? But most importantly, the film is so possible that it is quite possible. Forget the loss of life and challenges, a film directed directly at people in the eighties who know that they are making a child's film and are constantly talking to their target audience, throwing it into fifth-grade jokes and routines that offend most of the children who had only recently acquired the art of speaking. This movie can be replaced early in the bed without their parents' pet punishment. <br /> <br /> The biggest flop in British film history (it didn't even cover the cost of prints and marketing), it's almost traceable as an object's lesson about not making a movie in the summer.
