Johnathan Frakes is a good actor and if he doesn't run a family film, he's a good director. But he should not have directed this film and the scenario should have been rejected. The director and the writers have to understand what the original TV show was, and who the characters were and how they worked. In the original series, there were many episodes of shaving writing using good dialogue and situations where American producers should never consider children's programming, much less the film that made the original series of adults so well received. I mean Tracys were college graduates and some of them even alcohol and smoked tobacco! And there were signs that killed, although most were bad guys. If they had written it the way it was originally made, which does not speak of poor dialogue, kindergarten humor and a weak plot, this universal / studio channel would not have such bad comments from the joint venture. This film is almost a pure work of God. Once you've seen the original Supermarion series, you'll find out what I'm talking about! The first thing that was inappropriate and annoying was the constant reference to Ford Motor Company, even so far, that Lady Penelope traveled around the hidden Ford Thunderbird, which looked like FAB-1 instead of using what would have been more appropriate, having regard to Mrs Penelope's station (not to mention that it is more faithful to the original), ROLLS-ROYCE FAB-1. He should be a prominent member of British society, so England's best cars are preferred in the original series. Another reviewer here noted that Penelope was not dead in Ford. He's pretty much in that context that the idea of ​​driving your Ford doesn't work. At least Penelope could have traveled to Jaguar, like FAB 1, because Jaguar is a British car owned by Ford but NO! They had to use a straight FORD! But Ford's product placement doesn't stop there. Every single car you can see is Ford! Even the news flashes shown on movie TVs were supported by Ford! Ford, Ford, FORD! The dominance of Ford vehicles makes this film a clear distribution vehicle for Ford. The original series was a design that was futuristic in the 1960s and is still ahead of the present. But the futuristic design of the original series worked because design vision was practical and functional. There was no such treatment in the film, where everything is stylized to be superfluous, losing the feeling of functionality and practicality. Many of the things that were done to make a movie were strictly styled, many times without function, to make sense of this style. <br /> <br /> The original series was based on good talents for talent performances to overcome the limited expressions of dolls, bringing them to life in episodes. Barry Gray's brilliant and lively piece of music helped to bring the audience closer to the story, the characters, and how everything came together to help achieve the super-goal (a bit of Stanislavski's talk). On the other hand, the film had some excess grids. Anthony Edwards played brains in the brain, Bill Paxton just did not work on Jeff Tracy, despite having done well (one of the few), Hood had better choices than Ben Kingsley and many others I didn't care about (it takes too long). Just, dolls were more plausible! Secondly, Hans Zimmer was an overly general and under-featured piece of music that sounded more like a mixture of "Days of Days" and "Apollo 13". <br /> <br /> And of course Hood. The original series Hood was able to communicate with Kyrano through Kyrano's shape for ESP contact. But that was where his extraordinary capability ended. He is the master of hiding and deception, allowing him to hide (mostly) discover to collect information about Thunderbird's vehicles for himself. He also uses weapons to protect himself, including pistols, and generally collects information from a film camera, although he tried to steal Thudnerbirds 1 and 2 in the 1960s United Artists' Thunderbird 6 (which was the last Thunderbirds sample shot in Supermarionation and was another Theatrical release of Thunderbirds). But even though he is an international rescue, Hood is not villain in every Thunderbirds episode and he tends to avoid direct confrontation with the International Salvation. He is probably the main villain in the film, but he and his cohorts seem to act more morally together with Hood, which has a broader sense of control, including the ability to move objects and take him to flight in a short time. It differs from Hood as the character of the original series, which can leave children laughing and people know a series that will confuse their heads or leave the theater. <br /> <br /> but the 1000-word limit for IMDb surveys does not allow me to list them all. So, I close with that point that I didn't enjoy this movie. Actually, I think it sucks! Having seen the original and Supermarion movies (Thunderbirds Are Go, Thunderbird 6), I was hoping for something better. <br /> <br /> The original Supermarion was much more complicated and elegant than this live action farce. (And it says it nicely.) - Kip Wells
