I am not a fan of the left-hand book series - books are written at the 6th grade reading level due to lack of research, understanding and understanding of science, technology and politics. Although books are faithful to the scriptures, their methods of performing prophecy are often ridiculous (an example is their explanation of the Russian-Arab invasion in Israel). The books also have an unmistakable preaching tone that turns off the unbelievers, not bringing them into the gospel. But I found myself reading these books because I am interested in manifestations of revelation. For the same reason, I watched this movie customization. I am sorry to say that this is a fairly mediocre film that limits the poor. Action is mostly fairly decent, from time to time with bad actions and excessive action. The script is pretty bad, although it is hardly unexpected when starting with the novel. The characters are poorly drawn and underdeveloped. Events are scattered and open. The dialogue sometimes sounds hasty. At least this book managed to complement the theory of its hockey conspiracy. Here the viewer has an inconsistent confusion, which makes much sense when reading the book. The film is very badly done when the opening and the end result seem to be extremely rushed, and dragging slowly in the middle, which makes it soft. Music is schizophrenic. Sometimes it successfully emphasizes the mood and sounds suitable for the film. At other moments, it resembles sitcom and mini-series music. And other bits remind me of the MTV soundtrack that just doesn't belong to the movie. I can give movie points to a panic scene on an airplane, but that's it. Other disaster-related scenes after Rapture are far from convincing. The film also bears the preaching of the book, although its message is not your face. All in all, I found the film as disappointing as the series. It's not a movie around the rally for Christians. I hope that this film will not receive attention in theaters next year. For Christianity, it would be useless to disclose. An example of a compelling, intelligent, well-researched series based on a revelation depicting a realistic and Christian worldview, without interfering with the secular reader (who should ultimately be a Christian he wants to reach) read James Clone's trilogy from James BeauSeigneur. This is a great reading and it is a much better choice for unbelievers or believers who value quality.
