Never before have the film's motives been more transparent. Let's see: FIRST, they get every ready-made television for the biggest thing in this movie, because sliced ​​bread is the biggest thing. THEREFORE, they encourage as many fundamentalist Christians as possible to buy copies of the film to restore their weak production costs and pump their advertising budgets. And finally, if the film hits the theater, get as many telling Christians as possible to see it again, if necessary, bus them into multiplexes, NOT the content of the film itself, but because # 1 opens it is considered to be some deep spiritual victory. <br /> <br /> But it's not, of course, enough. I imagine that every film critic who has the courage to give "left behind" something that is glowing, is considered "anti-Christian". someone. After all, it is a good old-fashioned capitalism at work. What surprises me is how many people are being sucked into the "left-hand" way of thinking. As a person who tries to balance his mental convictions with some way of thinking and rationality, it leaves my head scratched. There seem to be many, many people who actually believe that sometimes there will be a "resurrection" in the near future, and that millions of people all over the Earth will simultaneously disappear. What kind of reality do I know if these people live? Is it "Rapture" something they really believe or do they want to believe? And when they reach the end of their lives and realize that this "resurrection" has not happened, are they frustrated and disappointed? Are there more people 100 years after he says "Rapture" is coming soon? <br /> <br /> I want to make this happen in some way! What an interesting day it would be! It would be even more interesting if the apocalypse took place more, not in anthropological terms, when the authors of the "left behind" series had portrayed, but like more of Stephen Spielberg's production, boiling clouds, the angels turned in the sky with the trumpets turned the blood all nine meters. Imagine that you realized it was all going to come true, just as evangelists had warned for years and that there was more than just the cold, hard, physical reality we live in. Wouldn't that be anything? <br /> <br /> Ultimately, it's a cold, hard, physical reality that I'm happy with myself. My life is not so pointless that I need the fear of "Rapture" and "End Times" to understand all this ... nor do I need to bribe heaven or hell or scare me to behave properly, thank you very much.
