It has been the first time since this time, so I looked at it again with another series of films. Although I understand that there is a third film that I haven't seen yet, I look down on the original title ... <br /> <br /> Only for production value, screen writing, and movie making. This movie does not work on many levels, even though it succeeds in some. What can you expect from a low budget movie "B"? Not much and it works from the production point of view. However, writing is definitely separate, little to develop character ... exactly what I expect when the movie's agenda is. I had no problems with the effect ... the cast is strong; At the same time, the scenario of both films gives the participants little opportunity to really stretch themselves. Because the film is a "Christian", it is predictable because you cannot very well portray a violent chaos from "the end-time" without violating some of the ethics usually associated with Christianity. In other words, the mistake of this G-rated film, if the content, even in the most conservative Bible interpretations, would be R-rated by any measure. So, if the purpose of the film is to scare people into Christian faith, the film should be somewhat frightening, right? However, you cannot comment on making a movie adaptation of the book without commenting on the book or in this case without commenting on the series of books. There are certainly many Christian materials that are worth enough to make these films, but not the "left-wing" series ... and these films will ultimately fail because they are the best sellers but poorly written novels based on bad theology. Like the South Baptist Minister, I admit that the books were a blame for me, even though I have two more books to finish. I have described them as a decent fiction, and if the books take the view that this is an "opportunity" or an interpretation of the topic of biblical eschatology ("end-of-time study"), I could live with it. this series is divisible by Christian circles because it promotes the interpretation of the entire "writer" of literature that is superior to the more correct hermeneutics, which inevitably leads to the "pre-trib, pre-millenial" divisional position that limits everyone This is God's violent powerful God, in other words As I have always said, God should not do his helicopters and bombs to do his final work, but because many people, especially unexplored Christians, are unable to think beyond their own worldviews, we have a conservative, fundamentalist stance on the interpretation of the Bible and try to to do it as "the only" interpretation. <br /> <br /> The books thus carry the agenda with them, not so much as to "understand" their need for Christ, but to say that the fundamentalist view is the only way to understand the Bible. I recall very clearly (several years ago) in a second novel a scene where characters refer to a person who was "left behind" because he did not follow that position; like "true" Christians who would be worthy to be "abducted" cannot have another eschatology. This is disruptive for a number of reasons, the least of which is that the Scripture only briefly mentions "rapture" and is related to a real, end-time prediction at best. <br /> <br /> But the real problem with these books is how they share the Christian community and how they represent "real" Christian behavior. Ultimately, I feel they are tightening more people differently from the legitimate religion / religion, rather than winning people toward it. It makes all Christians caricatures that are equally paralyzed and laughing for the world, despite the fact that there is a theological space for great beliefs between Christian thought and practice. As a Christian body as a whole, we have done enough damage to society over 2000 years of history ... and we definitely do not need it for thousands of people through the film, maybe millions to advertise to others. br /> <br /> So "left" movies fail because "left" books aren't worthy to interpret in movies.
