Bloody Jack's legend is in the wilderness of Alaska and begins as a relative of some of the murdered occultist relatives who read the calls of the old spelling books (The Evil Dead (1982)) to restore him. great belief in family unity, Lumberjack dude kills his relative. Two days later & Ray (Travis Quentin Young) with his sister Dawn (Erica Hoag), her boyfriend Nick (Craig Bonacors) and four of her friends pulled out the relaxing weekend of the cozy log house (The Evil Dead style ...) in the desert. Unfortunately, the killer Lumberjack showed a gift with his ax and starts killing friends one by one ... <br /> <br /> Todd edited, written, executed and staged by Portugal is a pretty purple modern slasher flick that is killing horror genre for me, Just not a big fan of ultra low budget horror movie production values ​​for holiday video. The script is totally terrible in every sense of 80 minutes, it has any bad cliché, the character is terrible, the dialogue is terrible and someone or something of such a precious excuse for teenage film is difficult. Teenagers are even more annoying and stupid than usual, the script is more moral than usual, predictable and flawed, and the killer Lumberjack guy is just flat. Then there is the last 10 minutes or so, if you go so far and believe it goes hard, one of the worst twists that end in the film's history, what I like to pay to the audience who just had to sit in 90 minutes . I am breaking the end now that anyone who does not want to know will stop reading now. Basically, just before the end of the movie, he returns to Ray, which tells the story, and it turns out that he is talking about what we just saw, and Nick & Dawn & everyone else accuses him of such a bad story (I felt their pain) and then pick it up holes and laugh. Why did they not pick up in the ax and the things that I surrounded and argued about it, I felt that it hit the audience fun because they were the things I asked myself about it and let it drop under my throat while watching it is clear that the makers knew the script was crappy and saw all the holes and went to the end of the twist, which shamelessly rubbed the rubbish in the last 80 minutes (which we just had to remember) is just a bit of a grate. Then, to add an insult to the insult, Lumberjack dude rises and kills everyone within two minutes, why didn't he do that? It would have saved everyone a lot of time. <br /> <br /> Director Portugal turns into real confusion, the worst continuity at night and the day I ever saw. The whole movie is for the night and I suspect the makers tried to use it for a day, but it didn't work and most look like it's set during the day. For example, see when Lisa is stuck in the bathroom and climbs out of the window. It is clearly off when we look outside the bathroom, but when it falls to the ground and the films intersect on the outer wall, it is a bright daylight. Then the fact is that Ranger Vince says we can't get a search party here until "morning" shows that it should be at night, then several minutes later, when he walks outside and it looks like he's in the middle of it, it's a burner, which is clearly on the top and clearly shows it in the directions where it looks like it is night. Every time there is a scene in the cabin, look at the windows, it's dark black outside and when the Ranger walks through the door, there is another clear example. The consistency of this movie is just the worst I've ever seen. There is not much gore, there are a couple of scenes in the ax that goes into people's bodies but nothing memorable. It's not scary, no tension, no atmosphere, and terrible day and night continuity is just as disturbing as it's so obvious. <br /> <br /> Technically, the film is on the bottom, again, the constant night and day has to be believed to be bad. Special effects are bad and they can't even afford to blow the car, although it's very important for the plot. It's from start to finish written for amateur hours. The action is completely brilliant and everyone involved should get an Oscar, just a joke, not really they were totally terrible and even the girls who got their breasts were not very good looking. <br /> <br /> The Legend of Bloody Jack is just a terrible servant, it looks like it's made for a video camera without using a tripod or tripod, it has terrible effects, is bored and has a difficult ending, which is either the most more offensive in the history of fear films, or I am completely wrong and it is the smartest. Not recommended, see the 70's or 80's decent slides to remind you how to do them.
