I should say right now that I checked the spoiler box just because I give this comment a thought that is proportional to the dignity of this film and does not want to be responsible for a point on a plot that accidentally slips out. <br /> <br /> This commentary is in the form of a spider for the simple reason that I am still under the influence of this film, just looking at it and its unique effect, making it impossible for the image and the cut structure necessary for coherent and reasoned criticism. It's not a compliment. This is not a narcotic effect of a truly hypnotic or thought-provoking film. The feeling that it irritates is like a somewhat uncomfortable emotional Voltron, consisting of confusing mixing in some form of rage, a vague desire for a shower, a robbed, a drowning of a real betrayal when he realizes that they have given 109 minutes of their lives to the people who not only would it be destroyed, it would do so in a pompous, artless way. And I probably wouldn't have done anything that would be extremely productive in 109 minutes! But even if I spent something trivially like a power block for masturbation and online poker, I would have said more and done more than I would have done. <br /> <br /> The problems associated with this film are numerous and, in the best times, I would specify exactly what they were in a semi-adult way. However, what this film deserves is, in my opinion, probably in the field of references to masturbation jokes and comics. <br /> <br /> The most annoying and terminal mistake is that when you watch a movie, it is very sharp knowing that the makers and participants think they make a much smarter movie than they are. Demonstrating the depth of knowledge, one semester could explore the history of western art in a community college or vocational school, art jargon being stripped of thickness and in all directions. tortured detective Stan (Willem Dafoe, whom I forgive for this film because he is Willem Dafoe) and Blair (Peter Stormare, who broke off playing sociople who is murdered easily, playing a 2–2) unit chart in the film to whom murder is easy). And tell them what they do. In fact, we are making this story in a position of crime that may refer to Stan's killer Stan's assumption that he killed years ago, so that the entire back story has been partly identified through unclear setbacks, but mainly through talks between Stan and him. reseller or Stan and his colleague, unforgettably irritating Carl (Scott Speedman). And although I distinguish the character Carl (Scott Speedman) from an actor who plays in his brackets, I have to admit that at the very beginning of the film I despised this character so much that I actually found myself sincere to harm the acting actor (Scott Speedman). Nothing too fancy. Not death or paralysis, necessarily .. But maybe herpes? Or can light fall on the stage and crush your hands? This is a dangerous deviation, but I do not change it because I want to leave someone reading that pay to see the wreck of this train from a film that has a clear impression of the terrible desire and feelings that this most peaceful man. <br /> <br /> Well, I'm out of steam here ... while writing this sick feeling, this film that has grown up for me has gone away, my head has been extinguished a little. Realizing now that I have still invested time in this piece, it is amazingly similar to waking up after suicide with heavy drinking, which is still sleeping at a 200-pound college girl. Your first wish is a desperate desire to escape. It's natural.
