Even duller than possible as original (I hope it can be said to be in accordance with IMDb guidelines). FRENCH CONNECTION tried at least to influence the effects of Europe, complicating the conventional view of the American police detective, even if the experiment was fixed with Friedkin's ambivalence, American and general indirect influence. The (relative) arthouse boom of the 1960s (especially the nouvelle vague) enabled European cinema to be influenced to a large extent in Hollywood. This gave new strength and complexity to the new media in the tired media and at best (eg BONNIE AND CLYDE, early Scorcese). The original CONNECTION was part of this movement, with its style and anti-detective shape. Two are the reorganization of the old American values ​​of the old Hollywood. <br /> <br /> This is depicted in the movie's very tiring America vs France. For example, TWO is a French policeman of the 70s. Of course, they demanded French in the size of American films when they were ignored at home, and that is in some ways a reclamation, a warning against Gaul's assumption. It can be seen in two movie patterns. CONNECTION has French gangsters invading New York, French style strangles American thriller - this leads to the breakdown of detective figure and plot resistance - baddie went away. <br /> <br /> Two are America's back to France, where American thriller values ​​apply to the local genre - detective forces are reaffirmed and conventional resolution is achieved. This is further dramatized by Doyle's relationship with the French inspector, Barthelmy, whose dominant influence must be rejected before the plot is checked. <br /> <br /> Two seem to follow the original, damaging its detective hero. The importance of Doyle has diminished from the start at every turn. Despite the end of CONNECTION, he is considered a hero. But he is a foreign country of America and his inability to control language or customs means he cannot dominate the plot. He also missed the signs of the police forces, deceiving the offender's informant and killing him. The detective power comes from seeing and interpreting his power, but Doyle spends a lot of viewing and interpreting on a traceable, controllable, object, body (literally in scenes after he has dumped Charnier). In CONNECTION, he initiated an action seeking the criminals, forcing the plot; here he is passive, tied to bed, locked cell, addicted, addicted. <br /> <br /> The loss of Fall Force is predicted to symbolize his weapon loss, and the film follows a depressingly familiar trail of Oedipal. In heroin sequences, she is comforted by an old lady who says she looks like her son. His stunned country is like returning to the uterus, kidnapped by adult pressure. His watch confirms the timing of this country, a double-counted man whose career depends on timing and accuracy. <br /> <br /> Oidipus was the first detective and, in order to prevent his fate, Doyle must reject this wrong mother. who separates his single identity and kills his father (Charnier) so that he can take his accepted male role in society. Psychoanalytic theory was popular among academics in the 1970s (ironically by Frenchman Jacques Lacan), but it is rarely seen in the literal sense of the film. <br /> <br /> When all these facts tend to minimize Doyle, there is no movie style. Friedkin distanced us from his hero, refusing empathy or motivation for character, focusing on plot mechanics. Here is Doyle's very common hero of Hollywood. Instead of losing in the dark, it is done with conventional equipment - sightings, close-ups, connecting techniques, and so on. - understandable and understandable to the viewer. <br /> <br /> Two are all Popeye Doyle's fall and rise. In this case, the plot is subject to the usual Hackman exhibition. Cold turkey scenes, so despite their annoyance, are not disturbing. We promise to share, not to watch it cold; it is a much less inconvenient experience. The scenes are also striking through the lachrymose male sentimentality, which is very American. So while CONNECTION tried to mimic the sophisticated thrillers of Jean Pierre Melville, TWO is completely the opposite. Melville's LE SAMOURAI had a gangster who started the film as a whole, powerful, out of language and charted his possible breakdown. TWO begins with a disintegrated nature, which is partly achieved by the inability of a language whose dominance begins when it enters the language - end-action sequences are largely non-verbal. In the film, the local language and language are important when they fix and undermine the detective, but when he recovers his power (the return of the weapon, the vulnerability, the block of the tower where Charnier detained him, the Marseille setting becomes insignificant and the mythical stoppage that can Compare the end of the two films: confusion and despair are acknowledged, the second is absolute certainty. <br /> <br />
