Originally, I gave two to the evaluation of this episode - I now wish I thought more about it. I also want them to have negative rating options. <br /> <br /> Looking at this, I was surprised how bad the whole thing was from beginning to end. I adore Ron Pearlman and John Carpenter ... so what went wrong? The episode 13 of the previous season was pulled out of the issue of abortion. I think that this season Mr Carpenter was able to do something so gray that you can't immediately see if he is an option or an abortion. It was only after I sat down and thinking that I realized he was very anti-abortion - you get it most clearly when "mother" strikes the baby and kills this "Father" for fear. who walks down and leaves his mother undamaged. But you can see it as Ron R's character is being treated - I hardly think that if someone has threatened himself enough in the past to have a restrictive command against him, they would not call the police right away. Instead, we have to communicate with the practitioner almost sympathetically (only to pay for it), I do not mind that someone is certain, even if it is not something I agree with, but I think it is a bit flat not to look at it Instead of trying to look out as they sit somewhere in the middle. <br /> <br /> But political issues were aside for the poor. The music was retro-70 years old and just didn't work. Functioning (except Ron P.) was bad. The effects were terrible - it might have been better to show the monster at all, not to show the sheep an excuse to the monster they had. <br /> <br /> All of this has said that I'm glad to have horror masters - I don't mind having to sit through some very bad episodes to find good ones. It's a bit like renting horror movies from a video store - now and again you will get good and it will do well. I agree with the poster saying that maybe the name must change from Masters - some of these people just don't deserve the title. (Let me emphasize even when I hated this episode, John Carpenter deserves a full title. He's a champion through and out)
