I went to the video store and looked around to find some horror movies, after about 30 minutes I just hurried and chose some. I stumbled upon "horror masters" that included "Pro-Life" and "Right to Die". They seemed OK, the same old cheerful crap, but I was interested in some reason. He told Pro-Life about the classic return, John Carpenter's return to the form (I loved his "The Thing", so I thought it would be good) and all that. So I turned it into thinking that it would be something big and interesting, I was very wrong ... He started a casual, just a girl who ran through the forest, scared something. The car stops and picks it up (just so they're the people he's seeing, amazing?) They take him back to a clinic and look at him while all this happens, then his father's gates appear and they are not let him in. He's not loud near the area. Probably something he'd done in the past, but you don't know about it right now. She really does not want her daughter in this place, abortion center. He is very strongly against such acts, believing that it is sick and not what "God" would want. He "supports" what I heard about "Pro-Life". They are ill with abortions and in extreme situations that allow children to be born. They don't like the birth of an unborn birth, but have they killed people in the past to allow birth? Justice is just the mind. Anyway, again on the track, after the girl has been researched, they find out pregnant but far ahead when she should be. She's only a few weeks pregnant, but she's a month away. He tells them that they don't know him, and he wants abortion and everyone, but in the end he tells that he had raped Hell by Demon and that his Father wants this child (but believes that "God" wants this child, not who really does). He gets his 3 sons (they go with pistols and shotguns) and start to make them to the clinic (all who do not cooperate). The head of the clinic, who has problems in the past, is well prepared this time. Ends the killing of one of the Father Sons, but eventually he gets a few times off (wearing a bulletproof jacket). Then the Father will fulfill what he believes in women. He cuts a hole where Vagina would be when we are a woman, and there will be some sucking and sucking blood. Although all this happens, the girl gives birth to some demonic children with a lot of legs, and some demons rise from under the earth (not in the same room) and start looking for their baby. The Father sees it later and begins to question why it happened, he did what he said, and did not understand why. The demon had killed both of his Sons before and now goes to the Father ... Although the girl kills the baby and the demon is taking it away (not in the same scene). <br /> <br /> Yes, it probably sounds pretty cool and exciting Horror Movie, but that's not. Working is terrible and has no enthusiasm, the script is boring and not even creative, they choose the wrong characters and don't even build them; just all put together, all the small parts, even nothing big, waste of time. I would not classify it as a horror, although it has Horror elements, but ultimately they fail. It seemed more like a "novice" short film than John Carpenter. <br /> <br /> I'm sorry I didn't get the information and the detailed overview, I didn't have time to waste to write something exciting. It is also a pity that my spelling and details are wrong, I could not investigate anything.
