The London Underground is something naturally horrible about it, its long windings tunnels, escalators take you deeper and deeper into the ground, and of course the wheels that travel on the track. It is a miracle that it is not used more often in horror films. It was used in the seventies of the Deathline, or Raw Meat, with a cannibalistic tribe living in a useless tunnel, and a chase-sequenced American werewolf in London. So I was pleased to see that someone else had tried to use the atmosphere of the tube at night in the recent UK Creep. <br /> <br /> I thought the movie started well, with a highly efficient credit sequence, it was really outrageous, followed by a scene in the sewer, which creates a presumption that there is something wrong with the streets of London. But Creep went down here and I found that I would like to turn it off after this opening phase, leaving me a good impression of the movie. All the characters become atypical and improbable, even Potente himself, and the director felt the need to hit us with a social comment on homelessness. he also made a mistake to show the "monster" in full light, where he no longer fades away from scary and shows his name to Craig. How does a monster called Craig? It becomes an X-type file and resembles one episode of Tombs. In fact, I wanted Mulder and Scully to get out and sort for me. <br /> <br /> What is notorious about sexual violence is very graphic, disruptive and totally unnecessary. It seems to be just an audience shocking, not any internal plot value. The problem is that it is so up and terrible that it really shines you into the rest of the horror, which is a mistake, because it's just halfway through the movie. <br /> <br /> So you're going. The only redeeming feature of the film was the rare appearance of my favorite casual actors, Ken Campbell. You don't see him very often, but when he's on the screen, he's in the other corner. His introduction as a sewer inspector was a genius, which unfortunately was the only visible film.
