I like UFO movies, so I recently decided to see EYES see STARS after seeing it in the late 1970s. And now I'm forced to write a comment on this, because I'm afraid I'll forget all about FAST. You see, though EBTS is not bad, it is very boring and non-written. The story is interesting but flat. Participants are good, but their roles are boring and somewhat confusing. FX is a terribly amateur, but I can't see anything like this when the film is convincing, which is unfortunately not so. <br /> <br /> There is also little violence and no nudity that makes the 1970s Italian sci-fi opus a real strange thing, as if there is one thing that distinguishes the films made in the 1970s from genres from other countries has been done in the same decade, it is an amazing amount of violence and sex found in them. Strangely enough, the EBTS is almost completely different from the rest of the pact because of the lack of exploitative elements. I don't know if it can be considered a compliment. Personally, I can enjoy a movie without sex and without violence, but I think EBTS NEEDS more and less sexuality here and there to season it because it is both deadly and dry. And the special effects are not so special. <br /> <br /> The story itself is actually interesting. It's a combination of THE-X-FILES and Antonion's BLOWUP: the photographer accidentally strikes aliens on a movie while shooting in the country. Aliens know they are caught in the film, and they continue to rob the photographer and model, then destroying all the evidence of their presence on earth. The problem begins when a model meets a person in a recently abducted photographer's apartment (it takes place immediately before he is abducted). The man takes some negatives and leaves, the aliens lack the missing negatives. The whole story is about a man who wants to know more about foreigners and a secret spy who want to get out of the negative. Most movies focus on boring political intrigue, spy and spy. The story of the UFO element is almost irrelevant and could easily be replaced by any Cold War with McGuffin. But as boring as the eyes are stars, it's like X-FILES. I don't know if Chris Carter saw this movie. Anyway, the best thing about EBTS is POV shots that are horrible and effective. But the rest is almost forgotten, including silver-looking aliens. I still remember an effective advertising campaign that frightened me when I saw it as a child. And I have a video. The film could have been as much as it would have done properly. Oh well ...
