Creep is a story about Kate (Potente), an intensely unlikely bourgeois bitch who finds herself sleeping through the noise of the last underground train and waking up to find herself in a locked tube station. After somehow meeting a colleague and a future rapper on the Guy's puzzle train, which runs after the lines are closed, things go awry and he strives for what's under the city streets. His story is related to George (Blackwood), a sewer system ex-con; they meet in the last third of the movie, gathering their attempts to escape the monster following them. they get to the sewer from the subway station before they find themselves in some abandoned underground surgery. Most metro stations do not have toilets, so how is surgery outside of me. Of course, the film takes care that the operation has no running water. But does he have electricity? Just one of the many contradictions that work against the atmosphere of everyday belief that the film is trying to create. <br /> <br /> Monster is a problem. There is no justification for this activity, it just kills people for no apparent reason. And then, of course, it keeps some alive some real reason, maybe just so they can finally escape and give the film a 15-minute extra time. I understand that natural evil should be scary, but then the film will try to explain the photos of the doctor and his son and the photos of a couple of small cans containing children, and yes, it's as tired and pathetic as it sounds. Nor does it explain how the creature has been long enough to lose the ability to speak, interacting only with the scream of the raptor, but not long enough for the pair to break apart. Hmm. <br /> <br /> This medical business leads to a scene that is a desperate attempt by the film to implant itself into your memory, and while it's gentle and uncomfortable to look at, it's just not enough. The last third of a movie depends on an emotional relationship that never exists, and the characters break and recover little or no reason for the obvious. George breaks down, can't cope with anything, despite the fact that he wants to escape so he can see his daughter again, and Kate gets emotionally tough for a second after he goes over to someone who pulled him out on the travel card. Yes, yes. <br /> <br /> After the movie "It Could Happen to Everyone", it will quickly break down as it introduces ideas that make it more unrealistic. The complete absence of emotional interest due to the character and temporary lack of it makes it avoid.
