Originally called Changer. Nostril Picker is a poorly constructed story of Joe Bukowski (Carl Zschering), a single man who "loves young". She can't trample on socializing with girls and teaches her a special Vietnamese song. This "song" includes "the fall of the London Bridge" while jumping like an epileptic morris dancer. However, Ineta Joe is trying to get out and hey presto! She's a girl now. Ideally, he must be a young man to attract girls. But you can't talk about ideals here - this movie was made in 1983 and appeared in 1993, in an ideal world that he'd NEVER release. This is worse than that. Nostril Picker really takes a cookie, actually the whole godly cookie jar. A terribly written dialogue given by dead brain actors, a ridiculous plot and a predictable twist. For example, Joe decides to kill the girls by turning herself back, but I thought she wanted to come close to them? Isn't she happy that she is a murderer Joe also becomes a cannibal and eats some of her victims, which was only her about 3-4th Steven Andrews took it back to his apartment, what happens next, does not believe ... Joe returns to the man, but also discovers that the whore is a man. How does he react? Well, Benny Hill esquire in fashion she runs around her "apartment" in an apartment with a dirty brown dildo to travel up to bursting. God knows what Patrick J Matthews and Stephen Hodge were thinking. At least this scene paved the way for another priceless It involved a male whore who reported the incident to a hairless policeman who had a 2-bit funny shop. Fun action is a must see. Especially the inability of the whore to say "dildo" and his demand for "satisfaction". <br /> <br /> In addition to the above-mentioned case, this monotonous slash was complete. You know the movie is bad when the DVD trailers were more exciting. Usually I would like to fast forward bits, but there was nothing here. The main sequences of action included Joe's mere seizure of his victims. Forget the quick cuts, Matthews uses fadeouts (one during stabilization) to limit any form that may already be there. One girl does not respond to her fingers, which are cut, is ridiculous. Usually I enjoy the words "uncut" but in that case they were far from blessing. Just amazing cinema torture. The whole film felt like the unchanging episode of the murders of the disciples, which was just less entertaining. I hate to see the cut version. <br /> <br /> All in all, Nostril-Valija is the most interesting thing I've seen since Richard Hammond's 5-inch clock. Dismal performances have worsened terribly with a tinny soundtrack and poor duplication. Don't be fooled to mark the box, it is not a cult class unless it meets las-use-shitty-horror-dvd-for coffee carriers. What I think is. If it doesn't change for 30 minutes, stay away from this coma that causes confusion.
