Sometimes this film is unique. Nostril Picker is one such film, The Nostril Picker is like any other film I've ever seen, unfortunately Nostril Picker and me, it's unique for a variety of reasons than the filmmakers originally intended. Read more and hopefully everything will be clear ... Nostril Picker, as it is well-known, though it was probably filmed under the heading Changer, starts with some kind of open-minded image, streets and factories from an American city. When The Nostril Picker starts right, we introduce the viewer who is his true 40-year-old loser Joe Bukowski (Carl Zschering), who lives independently in a small apartment where he watches TV, eats beef flavored dog food and listens to old vinyl records when he dances with air rubber rubber doll. Joe likes teenage girls, has different magazines but enjoys the real thing even more. However, if he is a ugly gite, Joe can't tempt anyone to go with him or do anything to him. One fateful day of an old homeless Vietnamese vet (Horace Grimm) sees Joe's failure and the pain she has to go through (in fact she sees Joe talking to teen girls) and decides to help her out. He tells Joe that he has learned Vietnamese "hooks" that make Joe look like anything he likes. The process he calls morphosynthesis but at the same time warns Joe that it makes you crazy if you do too much. That evening, Joe decides to try, for some reason, on the podium in a public place. Joe says a few words, makes a very stupid dance and starts to predict. Joe stops brushing the London Bridge, yes, I don't. In the beginning, Joe is visibly disappointed if something important doesn't happen. To console himself, Joe tries to buy porn, but is shocked when the secretary (Kevin Devoy) refuses to sell it to a young girl. Joe, the bright sparkle he has, understands what has happened and speaks out of it, claiming that his father sent him to buy it. Joe, who now calls his alter-ego Josephine (Ann Flood), perceives opportunities for a local high school. Joe interacts with four teenage girls, Jennifer Armstrong (Laura Cummings), Crisi Stroud (Gail Didia), Tracy Harper (Heidi M. Gregg) and Brenda Kearn (Aimee Molinaro), when she hides the chance to become a student just by asking a sports teacher Miss Van Dyke (Vicki Hollis). At first it seems that Joe seems safe enough, he just wants to let the girls rest around the toilet. But things will soon change when Joe is brutally murdering. Jennifer's father Vince Armstrong (Edward Tanner) is a detective with his partner Ed Simpson (Clyde Surrell) and Walt Spencer (Bruce Alden), whose pathologist has decided to catch in a hospital responsible for killing his daughter's friends, but will they succeed before Joe again? The IMDb in the list The Nostril Picker is wrong, I just looked at it for hours and it clearly says it is run by Mark Nowick, who was a co-producer and certainly not Patrick J. Matthews, who was co-producer and operator, not that it makes a lot of difference and I would have now that Nowick would have been more than happy with Matthews to take credit for making this credit. Someone who is involved in making Nostril Picker should never ever go near the camera. Nostril Picker is just one of the worst films I've ever seen, and it says something. It is absolutely terrible in every possible way. Steven Hodge's script is cruel, there's no narrative structure, excitement, tension, drama, character development, and things that happen to be so wrong. The Nostril Picker plot equipment and the chain of events are completely incomprehensible. The scene where Joe discovered a prostitute (Steven Andrews) is actually a man, and Joe is going to chase her in her apartment, where there are two splashing dildos that are just a jaw drop. The next scene, where the transvestite reports that the incident is to the police, has been fun written and I was psychologically ridiculous in the dialogue. I hated the end, not only was it predictable, but left the door open for future success, I dropped thoughtfully! At a technical level, Nostril Picker is a terrible, point and hope for photography, fun and inappropriate music, unforgettable places, poorly edited (Brenda is killed in the kitchen, but her blood splashes on a TV screen that was clearly in the opposite room), some of the worst things I have sat down and have extraordinary special effects consisting of some cut rubber fingers, a slit and a quick scene where Joe eats some meat. It is not surprising that Nostril Picker worked on cast and crew members had virtually no IMDb credits before or after. Even at 76 odd minutes Nostril Picker is far from long and really boring to sit on. I can go all day, how bad Nostril Picker is, I really do. One of the things I can't do quite well is the intention of the filmmakers all this? Nostril Picker is a truly unique film that is unique in its horror and incompetence. In the Nostril Picker, I hope it will remain unique, saying it is still not the worst film I've ever seen, but it's close to being sure. Be sure to avoid one.
