Bo Derek could have had a career if he didn't take his later wife John as his director. This is a real shame, really, the right direction and the right part (see "10"), Bo was fine. He did not win any prizes even at his best, but he is not inferior to many of the actors who have become big or alone in the last 15 years. But there was a problem, John had decided to ride the wave Bo created in his appearance in 10, Bo being "the perfect 10", "the hottest woman in America", "the symbol of the gender of the 1980s". The problem is that, in John's hand, this wave fell just a few years with a glowing darkness. Maybe he knew his limitations as an actor, maybe he made his own film that focused on his body, not his acting skills. But it became really fast. It does not matter that the films of John and Bo Derek (let's be honest) really, really bad. And the bad thing is taking them from the literary icon of Edgar Rice Burroughs, Lord of the Jungle, Tarzan Monkeys. <br /> <br /> You know what's the worst? This movie is boring! Make me laugh, let me cry, just don't wear me. Even Bo's stunning looks and shapes are of no interest and this is what the film will naturally build. Richard Harris (God blesses his soul, he and Bo used to be in Orca btw) grabs it up and makes his scenes at least a bit interesting and Miles O'Keefe makes a physically impressive Tarzan. Maybe he could laugh last time, after his film critics hit a ton of poison, Miles went on to become a B-film icon in a movie that wasn't a great art, but a million times more fun than that. But besides, it's Bo's body and you see it so many times before you want to go with it. Ape Manil Tarzan has nothing else. John Derek was a truly dynamic actor, he was not a director. He should have stayed with his power. This film slowly opens to the mind slowly, and nothing really happens in scenes. Burrough's Tarzan was all about excitement and desire (who didn't want to be as fast, strong and good-looking as Lord Greystoke?) And fun! You can't do anything about it. Look at it and you have wasted 107 minutes of your life. In the second thought you can come up with a valuable lesson on how not to deal with someone's film career. <br /> <br /> Bo Derek is right in my book. He stood by John until his dying day, has true love for animals and nature, and even looks back at his time. He has also proved that he is not a stupid blonde, many of whom want him to take him out. If he could survive Tarzan and Bolero, he could live something. So come back to Bo, everything is forgiven. <br /> <br /> And when left out, is Steve Strong, who is playing a bad guy with the same Steve Strong who is a short pro-wrestling career?
