Certainly one of the worst remodels in the history of classical film - especially since the promise of "the most beautiful woman of our time in the most erotic adventure of all time" is not even used! Although this movie was regularly shown on TV in my forest neck since my childhood, its fame (terrible not erotic content, mind) has kept me away - and I'm only glad because I've recently enjoyed Bo Derek's previous film, 10 (1979) and have seen so many fantastic things during Christmas. <br /> <br /> Bo Derek, the leading actor / producer, plays the innocent (witness) intuitive banana scene of schoolgirls, and, as expected, is ready to take off the clothes a few times, but as these scenes were welcome, more sensitive than in the past; Richard Harris consistently looks at the landscape as Jane's obsessed father, but John Philip Law barely registers his aide, who gently shows his original interest in Jane; newcomer Miles O'Keeffe has a title role and only makes a 45-minute film entry, is completely silent, except for his famous yodel (which is apparently lifted by Johnny Weissmuller!) and is also as inexpressive as one of the disabilities he film regularly on the other side of the movie! he was the record record for Joe D'Amato and King Arthur, VALIANA WORD (1984) in two ATOR movies (or possible CONAN simulators). <br /> <br /> While still an actor, director John Derek (who also works here as an operator), he worked with good filmmakers (Cecil B. De Mille, William Dieterle and Robert Rossen) and some great films (Otto Preminger, Nicholas Ray and Don Siegel), but he clearly studied zilchi because his direction is a great responsibility: terribly terrible from time to time (witnessing perfectly the fearful python attack), which is useless with overuse of slow motion technique and cheesy transitions; it was Derek's seventh film director (and his second of four with his wife Bo) and finally he got twice more. <br /> <br /> Only the fact that Tarzan's legend was once again about to be filmed is to be evaluated as the complete failure of the movie - GREYSTOKE: TARZANI, APESI LEGEND of the Lord (which is surprisingly enough that I have not yet watched) - just three years later! The nominees are six Razzie Awards (including John Derek, Richard Harris and Miles O'Keeffe) and won one of Bo Derek, TARZAN, APE MAN, wrote Gary Goddard, another highly anticipated but ultimately disappointing future director (this time animated) heroic week, UNIVERSE MASTER (1987) on the silver screen, which I am currently watching (yay)! Despite the charming closure that shows that Tarzan and Jane are playing with orang-utan and a music score that is not really half-bad and sometimes quite rousing, all of the late good intentions will win an extremely silly climax that includes the natives painting Bo completely White and deadly John Derek is clearly interested in Tarzan's own character, making him an irrelevant supporter of his own title film !!
