It is a great tragedy that both Richard Harris and John Derek are no longer with us. However, this should not make anyone blind to the fact that in 1981 the CVs of both men appear very ugly. There is no doubt that John Derek saw this film for his wife, "some like this hot" and "one million BC" for Maryln Monroe and Raquel's Welsh, creating a symbolic sex symbol for the new decade. In Sri Lanka, celebrating Dudley Moore's acceptance of the 10th century Bo reputation, adult filming and location in Sri Lanka meant that nothing could go wrong. Unfortunately, as they say, mortals die and God laughs. It has been said that when this film premiered in 1981, Edgar Rice Burrows' legacy tried to initiate legal proceedings against it. Bo Derek plays Jane Parker, who step into a century in Africa to reunite with her cozy and abusive father, Richard Harris. Daddy Parker is a researcher who has tried to find the "Great Inland" local legend, the existence of which is poo-poo due to the usual wisdom. Harry is worth a look at the wonderful tooth, fueled structure that includes Irish ditty singing in the Indian elephant, which somehow found her way to Africa (did it arrive at Sumatra Orang-Utan at the same time?) Although Jane admits that she despises Parker, the relationship between Bo and Rich is terribly incredible , recognizing the impact of tropical heat. Before long, local legends begin to circulate around a "big white ape" and Jane hears the famous iodine. This is a movie for the future B movie star Miles O'Keefe, which makes a rather strange debut as a relaxed Lord of the jungle. Unlike Johnny Weismuller together with pidgin in English or Ron Ely, who speaks fluently, O'Keefe Tarzan is silent. Given the dialogue between Bo and Richie, this is probably not bad. Finally, Harris and his caravan reach the Great Sea, located on a giant plateau that seems to run halfway across Africa .... hanging, not seas, lakes and other watery places that are generally located in lower areas? Under no circumstances is it just one of many deviations from the John Derek universe. The team is trying to catch the cliffs and clicking on the ropes worships threats to those unhappy men who have died. For the second time, Jane decides to swim inland, giving her another chance to see some nudity. No male lion appears anywhere. Now the lions usually fly proudly and never go near the beaches, but later Tarzan starts fighting with the (poisonous) boa. Zoology does not seem to be one of John Derek's strong points. This is Tarzan's movie, Jane is fascinated by the Jungle Lord and decides to take her innocence. But after seeing their closeness to some of these chimps, you have to wonder ... Speaking of it, only Edgar Rice Burroughs' legacy would not have complained. It is very likely that some of the primates were on the phone with their lawyers: the chimps will make you bad about Cheetas. Especially when they do ridiculous things like elephants and when they finally get Tarzan and Jane! At the height of this film, Bo and Harris are captured by some rather stereotypical cannibals who paint our heroine and are preparing to sacrifice / eat / fill her. Suffice it to say that the Great Wooden Ape gets her girlfriend and * SPOILER * Harris gets a huge elephant seagull! This will not let a dying Parkeril wisely offer a monologue to Jane. I am aware that Rice Burrows' legacy has never been realized, but "Tarzan Ape Man" was crucified from the train station (funny?). John Derek could have directed "Tarzan Ape Man 2" with Bo Derek and Miles O'Keefe, who live in home bliss and Dudley Moore as "Boy".
