Like most people, this film was drawn because it was a picture of a big Bolo Yeung, which had been plastered across the box, and a prerequisite (from the above pictures and movie title) that this film touches the beast from the East capturing the ass for 90 minutes. <br /> <br /> But my disappointment is for Chinese Hercules Bolo Yeung, which No Retreat No Surrender was for Jean Claude Van Damme, and Fearless Tiger was ... erm, Bolo Yeung - maximum exposure in video box, minimum actual screen time! Oh well! <br /> <br /> The style is pretty basic, but it was well done - a peaceful kung fu fighter (played by Chen Hui Min) accidentally kills a person and never fights again. He then runs to work on a mule where he makes his associates impressive by lifting their heavy bags, causing them to doubt that he is a terrifying fighter (he doesn't know exactly how it works, but never). At the same time, the mule is dealing with corrupt bosses with gangsters, giving them exclusive use of the pier. As a result, workers are thrown to the ear and are forced to live on the beach, where they connect their boss, the gangster boss, and a bunch of horses against Bolo Yeung. <br /> <br /> During the film, it is quite observable (mainly waiting for Bolo to look next), I had some problems with it - firstly, poor duplication, but of course it is old kung fu movies. But the film also tends to drag between the various fighting scenes. And like the fighting scenes themselves, I found they were too long, poorly choreographic (probably Jackie Chan!), Badly shot and at times people who didn't seem to have martial arts abilities. In fact, most of the battles in this film were not "fighting" at all, but people beat up without any resistance. <br /> <br /> Finally, the hero - played by Chen Hui Min. I've never seen any other movie with this man, but in no way was I rooting for him. Not only did he see him spiritually and on the edge of tears, but I found his demand not to fight! I understood his way of thinking, but he could have saved a lot of people if he had previously done what we all knew he would finally do, and fight! The bigger mystery was why this whole community of people was trying their hope for a man they had never seen a fight! Indeed, the great sustainable grace of this film was the presence of Bolo Yeung. Not only is it huge and brutal as it used to be, it has some big, funny lines and gives the rest of the participants a master class to fight the film. The man deletes the presence of the screen and you can easily see how he became a star. The boy scares me for life, but I'm sure I wasn't the only person to watch this movie who was out of Bolo all the way! All in all, the large kung-fu film raised a number of big indentations thanks to your knowledge. I've never met a person who didn't think Bolo Yeung was great. Man's Legend!
