I saw it on the film history channel today (2006). First, I understand that this is not a documentary - it's a drama. But it can be hoped that at least the critical "facts" that the story enters can be based on real events. Reagan was shot and other characters were real people. The film got this right. As a result, reliance on facts quickly degrades. I had never heard of this movie before. Having been a television reporter at these events, I was surprised that I have never heard of the strange behavior of Secretary Hig by Richard Dreyfuss. The whole nation had heard "I'm under control ..." etc, but Dreufuss' Haig bully the raised cabinet and is completely out of control. After watching the movie, I started to explore this topic on the internet and quickly found real audio tapes and transcripts from most of the interviews in the scene that this film represents again. Incredibly, many of the main "facts" of the film that had to show the White House, the secret service, etc. in chaos - and the people's leadership behave irrationally and ride to the brink of the nuclear war of the world - obviously wrong. They didn't happen! There is certainly an internal conflict. Haig does wrong, his press room is historically regrettable and he is "hard". But the scenes depicted in the film are not approaching. There are too many mistakes in listing, but a fair comparison between recorded and written data and the fantasy of this film raises the question of what manufacturers are actually trying to achieve. Enlighten? Notify? Entertainment? I believe they failed on all three fronts. For others it is difficult to write motives, but one must seriously ask what was behind such a shameless invention. And, like the documentary film of my beloved history "Reel to Real", there were hardly any mention of the issues that were at the center of the film - events that take place on the day of the administration. So the viewer was looking for those who didn't have much help from the network - if at all.
