This 1970s TV show with Susannah York and George C. Scott is another proof of how difficult it is to get Jane Eyre on the screen and how much it can do wrong. It is true that the movie transferred to the DVD has been shortened and some editable scenes were so perfect that there are conspicuous gaps in continuity and that even one important scene between Jane and Rochester begins in the middle of the sentence! But even if editing was better, the film wouldn't be. The script is bad, showing characters to the novel is wrong, and almost all participants have failed. As a result, there is no feeling to look at the adaptation of Charlotte Brontë's novel at all. The problem lies not only in the fact that many scenes are shortened or omitted - that is, for all short adjustments, but that the rest of the scenes do not take into account the concept of tone, spirit, atmosphere and novel. <br /> <br /> This Jane Eyre, for example, is leaving Gateshead and starts with Jane's arrival at Lowood. While this is perfectly fine, as some scenes need to be omitted if necessary, it is not understandable that instead of using the time (both speak) and Jane's friendship with Helen, Helen's influence on Jane's development is a lecture by Christian. under the stoicism he teaches, the film focuses almost exclusively on Helen's physical abuse. What Helen needs to suffer is described in the novel, but here is Miss Scatchard depicted as a guardian of a sadistic prison, who wants to steer Helen deliberately to premature death. And that's all that happens in Lowood. If you compare it to the profound effects of Jane's novel in Lowood's years, it is only regrettable to say that the film does not even touch the surface of this particular episode in Jane's life. And this is a problem throughout this adaptation: it shrinks from scene to scene, very often without transition, and nowhere near the essence of the novel. The dialogues are a strange mixture of a novel-made line and a line that is very clumsy, and the scenes between Jane and Rochester are so short that both share the screen just 5 minutes before they fall in love, and the little conversation doesn't shine, intensity and also humor in the Rochester and Jane novel. But the scriptwriter not only made Bronte injustice, but also managed to break his moral structure with just one sentence. Rochester and Jane go to Rochester's wife after marriage, Rochester says, "But I loved her (her husband) when I love you now." The whole moral concept of a novel depends on the fact that Rochester is indeed an innocent victim of an immoral scheme and was trapped by a mad woman he never loved, and that his efforts to find a true partner are not sanctified by God and man's law, but understandable and forgiving! But this one sentence completely undermines Brontë's carefully constructed moral concept and makes Rochester a black old man who wants a new young woman because her old one is no longer useful to her. <br /> <br /> Bugs Script Casting Errors: Now I'm not one of those who insist that the actor and literary figure he represents is physically similar, but imagination cannot be imagined cute, blonde, blue-you and full of mouth Susannah York as a normal heroine of the novel. In addition, Mrs. York was in the thirties when the film was taken and viewed. The shy, reserved and inexperienced young Jane, who she played, becomes a perfect, graceful and mature woman who is absolutely sure of her and her deserts. I'm not saying Susannah York is not playing well and convincing, but the woman she represents is not Brontë Jane Eyre. To cast George C. Scot as Rochester, there must be a motivated desire for Rochester who saw old enough to make the 18-year-old difference between Jane and Rochester plausible. Scott looks like he is about 50 years old, but he works in different scenes like 70 years old. <br /> <br /> To thank the leading parties for "maturity", it seems that all passion, desire and despair are deliberately exhausted from the script. After the wedding between Jane and Rochester, the emotional climax of the novel has become a peaceful, rational conversation between two middle-aged people at the end of which Rochester sleeps. When Jane returns to the last scene, she is as pleased as the grandfather who has just been visited by her parents' grandchild. The only sign that displays the right amount of emotions is St. John, all people. Ian Bannen plays him so passionately and his enthusiastic claim against Jane's love is so touching that Bannen modeled his John's novel in Rochester. But good, though Bannen is, his St. John is as far from the novel as Jane of York and Scott's Rochester. This very disappointing "Jane Eyre" sole redemption feature is the location and score, and I would recommend this production only to those who want to see and compare all of Jane Eyre's adjustments.
