I saw this movie at the Rotterdam Film Festival (January '06) and was later followed by a director and a public discussion. Many people responded to shocked and protesting people. He gets a lot of negative critics. But: The world is such cruel and it's not funny. People don't like it. That doesn't mean the movie is bad. I see this difference. Don't shoot the messenger who shows us the world outside our hubble! However, I think this is a bad film. The film is technically good. Nice shots and script, the most suitable music, great actors. The director pretends to be a psychological film - psychology is still of poor quality. Describing such powerful violence is not an art. Art would be a powerful description of the psychological process behind violence. How does a shy boy get to such cruelty? The director claims to describe it - but it's not good at it. <br /> <br /> The director spoke several times about the selfishness of people, for example by mentioning a teacher. Only: this teacher was not selfish - just someone from multiple roles, took care of his students, worried about his script. I think it's easy to call her selfish. The atmosphere of the village is horrible, and the mother made terrible mistakes ("did you bring me awfully off?"), But it is not believable to me that it is a lot of pain that the most frightening boy comes to such terrible things. In reality, the reality is much more complicated than how this film describes it? and it needs much better descriptions. Interestingly, how does it work? Describe this process for me so we can understand. <br /> <br /> With a written phrase, the director said he was referring to an alternative lifestyle. It was another extreme and assured me that the director and the screenwriter are bad psychologists, promoting black / white thinking. There is a proven link between films and the violence of society. The use of such violence is responsible for its use. There are enough black / white thinkers in the world, causing much war and misery. I hope this movie won't work.
