I am always careful not to like the movie too soon. Look at it a month later and you can see or dig it in a different way after 50 years on another continent, and some worshipers will find something stylistically remarkable, first of all unnoticed. After Robert Carmichael's great ecstasy sitting in his UK premiere, I was not surprised to find the question and answer session more interesting later than the film itself. Shane Danielsen (artistic director of the Edinburgh International Film Festival), supported by the film's director and director, gave the film a pleasant protection when it received a negative response from the public. The audience at the Edinburgh Festival is not just shocked. Only one person walked out of disgust. The film's criticism included both the public and the actress and the woman who teaches M.A. It wasn't too shocking. There was, to some extent, uninterrupted sexual violence, but much less extreme than many movies (most of the actual gun contacts were hidden, as was the case with the genital organs). The audience did not like it because they had been sitting through two hours, which were quite boring, where the operating standards were not high, where the plot was bad, predictable and pulled out and where they had gone awkward and pretentious films on the controversial film promise. The metaphors of the Iraq war have been livened up, over-emphasized and sloppy (apart from the general allegation of violence, any deeper meaning is unclear); and the fig mark reference Marquis de Sade, as one of the audience members, seems to be just a tokenistic excuse for the lack of land development in the finale. <br /> <br /> We have a story about an adolescent who has a certain amount going to him (he stands out in school for his musical ability), but takes drugs and hangs out with youngsters who have little or nothing at all and who are criminal activities extend to rape and violence. When it is pushed, Robert seems to have a lot of violence inside him. The audience is left to decide how Robert got this way: was it the effect of his peers? Why could not all the good effects and concerns of parents and teachers be included in a better area of ​​life? Kinematically, there is a carefully assembled scene where he hangs back (either too many drugs, shame, hidden moral feelings or just waiting for his move?). Several of his friends are rape on the back of the woman, partially blurred and framed in the center of the screen. At the forefront of bare bones, DJ is more concerned that the girl's shepherds interrupt their lucky house music with the thought of a woman. Eventually, he is a little annoyed when their action attracts police attention. Serious headphones side by side enjoying your music, even if you know that rape is in progress, is deeply dissatisfied with your total contempt. Robert slips back in the foreground. <br /> <br /> But the rest of the movie, including the allegedly controversial climax that includes significant (if not too realistic) sexual violence, does not meet this standard. Some people have reacted strongly to this (the intention expressed by the filmmakers: "If they vomit, we have been able to react"), but mostly - and as far as I say, the Edinburgh reaction seems to reflect Cannes reports. they know, "Why have programmers made us to such a poor quality movie?" Director Clay Hugh can talk about talking but has not developed an artistic vision. His answers to keeping the mirror alive to prove things that are under the carpet, even his defense, that there is little plot because he didn't want to make a standard Hollywood movie - all are good answers to criticism, but unfortunately they don't apply to his movie, but more, if they reflect the mirror when someone empties or leaves the movie while playing with unplayable symbols. She wanted to try and give her any doubt that I was talking to her for a few minutes after screening, but I found her to be a terrible movie and soon moved to the bar to wash something more important to my mouth. There are many truths. One aspect of art is to educate, the other to entertain, the other to inspire. I had asked him if he had any social or political agenda, and he mentioned Ken Loach (one of the many big names he was taking) without having to go further to admit any agenda. He then returns to his mantra so that his task is to tell the truth. I have the feeling that it was too ambitious a project for a new director, or else an embarrassing attempt to put myself on the map, evaluating second-level job advertising. Andy Warhol could paint tin soup and it was art. Clay Hugh wants to imitate great directors who have made a controversial cinema and pushed boundaries. Unfortunately, his ability at the moment only extends audible apologies for the film he is looking for.
