I'm not sure which movie cinema pulled to watch, but a few minutes after it started, I wanted to leave the theater. For some time I had hoped that at least the story would surprise me, but then I realized that it was a waste of time, there was nothing there. I just stayed because I had another show after that. <br /> <br /> Design: Some designs that are pretty beautiful, mostly in the environment, but the characters were terrible in terms of animation and design. They still look great - posters and screenshots, but not when they have to live! They just didn't work, mainly because the same mistake most 3D companies make: technically it is very difficult to create truly natural materials in 3D that would make you feel like the character is alive. You need a lot of effort and knowledge (hence money) to create something that really looks like hair, skin, fabric, and so on. Movie characters are made of "fabric" and it just doesn't work! So they had this ugly cold feeling about the artistry of the computer, where the fabric stretches or squeezes like a piece of plastic. It just didn't know the material that the dolls were made (these are the characters that should have been). I think this was a big mistake in choosing this style. It was just a feeling of a 3D shoot'n'run computer game. I don't want to go to the cinema to have a computer game on my screen, don't know about you ... <br /> <br /> Animation was also shameful. I am a professional animator and I was very disappointed with the low level of "9" animation. It was rigid, boring, almost devoid of imagination or mood. It was just a little over the average 3D animations I saw, and it doesn't add to any good ... <br /> <br /> And all this - bad character design and bad animation could solve a good story, right? ! It wasn't like that. In fact, this film was the worst in this movie. It was below any level. It starts straight ahead, goes straight ahead and ends the same. There is no twist, no surprise, no good dialogues, no development. We've heard and seen stories of people passing thousands of times from humanity, and "9" is just one of them, and we know how it ends in the first minute of this movie. Characters don't even have time to get the story - they're right there, showing themselves almost immediately, and immediately some of them take action without knowing what's going on. It just doesn't work. There are also many repetitive sequences of actions that seemed to have created a story of lack of time ... <br /> <br /> Action, sound, and script - oh my gosh, which I can say, was pathetic. A bad story is a bad script and except for dialogs like "No, don't do it!" "I'll do it!" "But ... you can't do it alone!" "We can do it together!" "But there are rules!" "But we have to save her!" etc etc. and so on, and repeating itself all the time so that besides these terribly pathetic dialogues, they were non-stop "Ahh" and "Ohhh" and "Ehh" and "Oooh" and "Whatchout" and "Run"! "and" OhOhh! "that followed almost every character jump, run or fall and it even sounded as if they were synced or not even seen. <br /> <br /> Conclusion: bad acting, bad animation, bad sound, bad story bad script, bad characters, all welcome, surprises, irrelevant, nothing. Only some good designs are not worth the time. BIG NO!
