I can't seriously believe that Tim Burton and Timur Bekmambetov, the two people I love, have to bring this mess. Tim Burton is a great director, but frankly I have lost him for some time because his latest films were either remake or adaptation. He made an excellent "Nightmare Before Christmas", which I have watched several times, and directed films like "Beetlejuice" and "Sleepy Hollow", which are fantastic films. Bekmambetov directed 3 films by I LOVE: Night Watch, Day Watch and Wanted. I've only seen these three, but they prove he's a fantastic director. <br /> <br /> The two people who produce one of the many reasons I was excited to see. in the theater. I was so excited to finally see it. I had waited 7 months until the movie came out. <br /> <br /> This movie is the first time I went out of a movie about Tim Burton and said, "I liked almost nothing". I felt heartfelt that I felt so. I mean, with him and Bekmambetov, you would have expected the production cycle to be a good watch. At this point, I still can't get over how I shot this movie. I hadn't even heard of the original short film before seeing it, but now I can say that this movie should have been a short film. Hell, Neil Blomkamp made AWESOME's 9th division called Jobive, which was so hard to get right around 9, Alive's full-length remake. I really wanted to think this movie was fantastic. I really did. But no, it failed on so many levels. <br /> <br /> The plot was extremely confused and scattered. I had no idea what was going on, let alone what it was. Basically it's about a bunch of fabric doll robots trying to save the earth. Well, OK, I got it. But writing here is extremely bad. The whole movie jumps like a 6 year old A.D.D. story. There's a big, gigantic scary robot that wakes up, causing destruction and things. This is the main villain. But what's wrong with this movie is that ALL IS FULL. There were too many monster robots, most of which have no logical explanation. They have 0 development. I mean, a pterodactyl, like a monster, lashes out somewhere, we don't know where it comes from and Acker hopes we know what it is. It was even slower to have a snake-like creature with hypnotic eyes. I dare give this description to someone else's voice and wait for them not to laugh. All 3 people I've talked about are laughing. Oh and it breaks up the victims and sews them inside. I am. NO. PLANNING. <br /> <br /> The twisting of Law III is the slowest aspect of the whole movie. Basically 9 goes back to the room where he woke up, this box is hologramed by a scientist to 9, and he tells him that a big scary machine robot was meant to control the lives of robots, but then use this war on evil people, and it was supposed to help protect the land, but then the scientist gave his life to 9 so that it could protect the world with it. And ONLY THE EVENTS THAT ARE STRENGTHENED FROM IT'S LIFE 9. But how other robots? WHO CAN GET THEM ONLY ???????? This is a great example of a poor and hurry. There's only one life-taking device that exists in the way others 8 gave them life ??????? No characters at all. They risk their lives for some reason. The only good sign is 7. 6 bothering me on her "GO BACK TO SOURCE !!!!!!" ramblings, 1 is a surprising idiot, 2 we don't know anything, 5 thought I was sorry about your "Are you sure ..." or "Can I stay here ...?" questions. And it ends? UGH. I'm glad that I'm not the only one who thinks the end ended with a huge WTF. <br /> <br /> There is no redemption in this turtle except for its beautiful animation. Everything seems realistic and beautiful, I love everything gloomy and depressing. But beauty can't save a good movie. <br /> <br /> Although this movie is really beautiful, beautiful is pretty pretty and 9 is squatting. I'm sure that Burton fans will flock to the theater to see this movie undoubtedly, actually the names of him and Bekmambetov thrown around the promotions, people will flock to the theater to see this movie. I know I'm not doing a big deal, but watching this movie made me realize how much I hate movies with unlikely characters, a non-existent plot, and just pure style content. And this movie is one of those movies.
