First, this movie is not a complete disaster. If you had never heard of Gram Parson's actual story, it might sound sensible to entertain. Johnny Knoxville can't really be criticized for Phil Kaufman's performance - he's pretty good at seeing him back and on the ground, and you can root your long-suffering victim forever. Michael Shannon has quite the same reasons as the hippie stoner. There are some good individual comics - a hippie heart tower that falls into the airport hangers door. But that's where the good things end and we see those aspects that make this movie so really disappointing. The character of Robert Forster as the actual father of Gram is an invention that is so disgraceful to shed the whole movie. We all know that his real father committed suicide when he was young - something that could definitely be compared to Gram's life as a better filmmaker. Taking Forster as his supposed real father, not his father-father, would be bad enough, if not the well-known difficulties that Gram had with the man who actually flew to collect his body. It has been said that his step father had promised Gram's mother to offer alcohol when he died and that it was the rage of Gram when he later learned about it. Also, the contradiction with the burial of the Gram body would certainly be a reason not to invent a benevolent father who actually collects the duo and their fame, but then allows them to proceed with the burn. Regardless of the truth about the man Gram was named Parsons, he was certainly not similar to Forster's character and it is hard to see why this role was written. Then Christina Applegate has been added as a greedy chick (but of course very beautiful) who wants the Gram body back so that she can make money for her legacy. His nature and his actions are non-existent and one wonder why the director did not just go across the rock and contained a lesbian scene between him and the chick playing Kaufman's girlfriend (it wouldn't have reduced the tone much more). If you think the ingredients that could have been used in Parsons' good films, the drawbacks of this film are easily visible. Land music is exchanged by a young, polite, southern gentleman - who was also long-haired, drug-loving, popular with women, and ultimately self-destructive. Real events like hanger door interruption and painted heartbeat and friends like Keith Richards. Instead of these things, we have to focus entirely on Kaufman's contribution to Gram's life. Kaufman is obviously still against the cult status he got, what he did (he's definitely a little cult). It is obvious from the interviews that he is attentive. Remember that this is the man who commented on Gram Parson's naked body genitals when he was preparing to illuminate it. What he did was not an act of great loyalty, but a doped alcohol. Looking at Knoxville and the director in the interviews, some things are becoming clear. It is obvious that they do not have a true grammatical story or desire. They want to catch a movie about the notorious and mad event. It was a wonderful life with a strange end. This end is the only thing this film shows when the limited understanding of Gram Parsons was made by the artists.
