If you're a late Gram Parson fan, this movie will definitely share you! Share comedy, part of the journey of the film, but mostly the bad fiction of any of the stories in one of the rock history. <br /> <br /> SPOILERS-- <br /> <br /> Basically, the story concerns a well-known roadie named Phil Kaufman (played by Johnny Knoxville) who "allegedly" made the pact with Gram Parsons, the hero of the cultural rally / country / folk music When one of them died first (it wasn't important what it was) that another lively one was to take the dead out of the desert, Joshua Tree National Park in California is accurate and set the body to glow ... to release the spirit and become one with the earth and so on! Definitely, his word was barely sober to Kaufman, who, with the help of his angry, pot-ended friend, was late to support the Parsons body, who was deadly over the drug and booze twist from the day before the airport. And soon afterwards, a combination of beauty and truth arises, where the late Parson's girlfriend, Kaufman's girlfriend, Parson's daddy and policemen and other meaningless idiotic characters try to clock (so speak) trying to catch Kaufman and his ball before they get a Parson body torch ! <br /> <br /> Inadequate film direction, poor performance and flat off-tone tone generally fluctuate faster than Titanic. And not to mention the great fact that this film has not even half-said that the truth has occurred from actual events. The accuracy that ought to have been replaced by inaccuracies, as far as I've heard them, is: Number 1. Parsons was married at the time of his death and even had a child, so what the hell was that with his girlfriend and chase and what? Kaufman's stunned friend was a well-known ready-made participant (unlike what the film was trying to portray) in destroying Parson's body and finally number 3. Gram Parsons's real father died when he was just a boy, and that was Parson's father-father (who could have been live less genuinely about Gram Parsons) in real life that took care of the body after it was burned! All in all, what is apparently annoying me about this movie is that the actual Phil Kaufman was actually ready to contribute to the story. And yet, the movie finally got so wrong and so bad that it was really honest! <br /> <br /> Also, because the above-mentioned film works in the movie, it is the leading character played by the ultra-grilling Johnny Knoxville (Phil Kaufman), not just a bad actor, but actually seems to be sleeping all over most of the movie and the rest of the pathetic cast are mostly hysterical, brain-dead or seemingly unsuccessful in what they actually do first! In general, if you like Johnny Knoxville and / or really complain about such bad-they-not-even-good buddy masters, I think you will get this movie out! But if you are like me and you are a fan of Gram Parsons late, enjoy movies that try to tell the truth as much as they can, especially if they are based on real real story and / or you like good movies, their motion pictures or fancy lifestyles, you indeed, you release this movie and recommend others to do it. Of course, I hated this movie and I wish it had never been done, but since it would have been done, I would have preferred it to have proven otherwise than what it did, unfortunately! Maybe one day the story will come through true facts and become a really big biopsy in the life of Gram Parson ... not just what happened to his body after his spirit left. But until then, all we listen to, and late speaker fans, is this sad waste of movies and all the surrounding terrible monument to the musical heritage that Gram Parsons had known to have missed. It should also be noted that they used Parson's music and some of you on the flick, but it is not surprising that you cannot hear enough of it to enjoy even the slightest. (Turkish-zero letters)
