I can collect Q&A before and after: some Irish men want to make a movie. Nothing especially, just any movie. So, one night at the party, he hears some ex-roadie telling him a little bit of a classic roll; about how Gram Parsons 'body from LAX had stolen his loyal path so that he could respect Parsons' desire to be screwed into JoshuaTree. Wow! <br /> <br /> What a great idea for a movie! Rock n 'Roll (well, country), grave robbery, escape, friendship, 70s! I think we can get "Jackass" from Johnny Knoxville because it's such a prank, right and Knoxville also wants to make a "movie". Why did he think he had the next hand "Snatch", but this story isn't really that exciting ... we need something for Knoxville to fight against it like a psychotic girlfirst after his money! But Parsons was married at that time. This is O.K, no one knows it. In addition, we can get Christina Applegate. But what if the audience doesn't like the idea of ​​stealing the body. We can chase her father, but we finally give permission. But Parson's father killed himself when he was ten years old, in fact his orphan status and tragic childhood are the main parts of Parsons mythology. Mythology? We're doing "Movie!" This is a creative problem solving. <br /> <br /> It's an uncomfortable experience for anyone who is even vaguely aware or interested. Applegate's presence has doubled. First of all, his invented figure is Beverly Hills's wife before her time - she can also go around the whole film, and secondly, what kind of person would be Parsons if she ever associated with such a harp? The facts are not simply distorted or omitted, but REVERSED. They could have easily found a villain who wanted Parsons STEPfather, who tried to return the body back home, where the law would encourage him to share a significant inheritance. <br /> <br /> And music, oh, the music I love. The music is hacked (the bridge of the song here, the bark there), forced on the background, and finally covered with the most terrifying new Indie band Starsailor. My girlfriend asked an unnecessary but irresistible question after the film - someone there, writer, producer, director, actually Gram Parson fan? Well, no. He had never heard of Gram Parsons, but of course, blah blah blah, I learned to love it and here are some innumerable bio-networks. The other man gave Parsonside a splendor, saying that he and Keith Richards attacked the acid and wrote "Wild Horses," which is a confusing set of facts in the film. Another person wondered if there was morally questionable rewriting of history when most people would only know about this movie? Well, he had a real roadie's permit (he was even set) and the Parsons legacy gave permission, and all those other people who got the paychecks said it was great. <br /> <br /> But what was I really thinking about, and embarrassed, with a really shocking voice, to the really unfortunate Parsons geek, was the movie made so cheap (million), did they consider Gram Parson's original fanatics to be an audience? The director and the writer thought he was not a fan of something, although I doubt reading the Mojo magazine, a land-rock 70 music fan would agree. But a lot of Britons probably did, and they just don't care about cosmic American music, or even knew it was there. It's not just a real Parsons flick, it's not even in the right spirit - it doesn't even fit the legend. At least it should have been the sentimentality of one of his songs. And many people would love to talk. <br /> <br /> I should mention that the film was well-stoned from college kids, just down the slopes and Johnny Knoxville. But if you're a fan of Parsons, ignore the title, it's just a movie for Jackass fans.
