The scarecrow is housed in a small American city of Emerald Grove, where Lester Dwervick (Tim Young) is a student for both local teachers and fellow students. The poor child suffers from the daily humiliation, bullying, temptation, and universal respect that destroys abuses in his peers. Unfortunately, he doesn't find much support at home because his mother is a bitch and after Lester bangs her, he traps her corn field and stifles a poor child. But something magical happens (no, the film doesn't suddenly change), Lester's spirit goes over to the cornfield scarecrow, which he then uses as a body to get revenge on those who tortured him and made his life hell ... <br /> > Emmanuel Itieri compiled, compiled and directed by a filmmaker who, according to the IMDb credit list, has a role in the film as someone who invited Mr. Duforq, although I do not remember any of the names of this name I think anyone who can view IMC pages on the scarecrow is probably already aware that this is a terrible reputation and I have to earn a lot of it because it is terrible. The manuscript by Itier, Bill Cunningham and Jason White often uses the story of one loser who has chosen and tortured without good reason to get his revenge by supernatural means of sliding straight back and forth. We've seen it all before, we've seen a killer bunch before, we saw weird teens who were killed one by one, before we saw one of the losers of life have revenge, we've seen wisely the crackling villains who make fun when they kill before, and we have seen the incompetent small town of Sheriff, which makes things worse. The only real question about peacemaking is whether it is nice to look at a funny teen type level? The answer is surprising not to be honest. The film has a terrible character, terrible dialogue, inconsistent and predictable story, it has some cheese colors like when a scarecrow kills someone he asks, can you complain about it? The so-called "twist-end", which is aimed at the continuation of things, is just flat. The film is moving at a reasonable pace, but it is not so exciting and killing is forgotten. You know I'm still trying to figure out how to drop someone and kill the corn ... <br /> <br /> Director Itier doesn't do a good job here, kill scenes badly without any reconstruction, which means that there is never any tension, because within two seconds after the character is inserted, they are killed. I am also not happy with the killer scarecrow who makes all these slips and shocks through the air in scenes that feel like they are part of the Matrix (1999) or some Japanese kung-fu flick. To give him credit, the real peacock mask really looks good and he looks pretty cool, but he's not allowed to do a little, except for a bad lining and turning a little. Don't you think that bundling a wooden stake in the middle of a day-long corn would have been boring? I know he's a killer in a scarecrow, but I still say he's hanging out of wood everyday! There is no nudity and no gore to write home, there is digging, nobody's face burned, someone killed with corn stick, someone can shovel their throat, some sharks have stuck in people's heads, someone has hanged their heart and someone has a metal thing at the back of their head is stuck, which comes out of the mouth. <br /> <br /> With an estimated budget of about $ 250,000, it's probably shot for 8 days, at least they didn't waste time on major things like story and character development. Technically, it's pretty much a point to shoot and count on the best things. If you look at a man on the floor who was just hanging out of your heart, you can breathe him clearly ... A working miracle, a man who played Lester's mother's bliss, carries the foolishly wig and fake mustache because he played two roles and players in the film they had to hide him, but they just came to look for him as ridiculous and not start me with his accent ... <br /> <br /> Peace of scare has some fun moments & the real scarecrow itself is a nice creature with good special makeup effects but as a whole the film is badly done, badly behaved, foolish, too predictable and very cheesy. If you want to see a great killer peacock, check out Scarecrows (1988). Must not be confused with Gene Hackman & Al Pacino's film Scarecrow (1973) or the future horror scarecrow (2008) that is currently in production. The scarecrow is popular enough for home video to knit two more straight straight video stories, Scarecrow Slayer (2003) & Scarecrow Gone Wild (2004).
