Let's face it, are we? Al Gore more TRULY cares about the environment when most people take care of the pedestrian. It's hooked! Don't make a mistake, Al Gore is a politician! Three years ago he was kicked out / sold in his home country for 70 miles per hour in a 55 mph zone where driving is NOT a hybrid, a Yugo or even a GM subway, but LINCOLN (go to google if you want)! Or how is that Mr. Gore & his Hollywood friends still use a private fuel anti-foul tool to participate in the premiere of "awkward truth". So much protection to preserve, Al? Anyway, it only takes a few minutes to subjectively view the "uncomfortable truth" and discover the main underlying error. Although the film talks about many seemingly impressive scientists to tell the public about the implications of "global warming", one scientist who would tell us about this supposed cause. For example: I can enter a hundred people in the car park and they can bring out a car that does not run right. But can they tell you with some certainty why? Generally not! Another mistake, exactly how exactly were the weather conditions 100 years ago (the toilet was not yet invented)? What did they have, the June error in the toy box? Hell, even 50-60 years ago? So how do we know with all-round certainty that the planet is "warming up" when data from last year is at best very questionable? Or is that the only reason a person? The answer is that we do not know and science is never a consensus. Thirty years ago, Magazine magazine made a cover for the "new ice age". The truth is that every sixth grade science teacher who is well aware of Earth science tells you that volcanic interruptions, solar power, and El Ninos are more related to changes in our climatic conditions than is believed to be global warming. Finally, what Al Gore can't handle enough; even if America decides to follow the Global Gospel according to Al and apply everything he suggests, how can we follow the rest of the world if we cannot even agree on anything as obvious as terrorism? Answer: This is wishful thinking, Mr. Gore and you are a former US Vice President. If people who produce "inconvenient truth" were really honest, they would have called their movie "Al Gore wants attention." But what I really want is that someone ask about the former VP; why were two of the planet's biggest polluters (AKA China and India) adhering to the EXEMPT Kyoto agreements? Anyway, I hear A.I.T manufacturers working on their next movie, "Gnomes, Fairies and Elves: our Endangered Friends".
