The inconvenient truth is as simple and demagogic as the slippery slip caused by rabies and idiotic republics, it curves along intangible lines, until it tries to make something sad on its face, namely that we are all dead for a few hundred years, which is already indisputable, but who cares , people are selfish, destructive beings; I just call it "natural development". Let the apocalypse begin, but in the meantime we must listen to the same courageous, inclined politicians who offer a new "new society", well, don't be fooled, we are all still under the control of the wealthy, in power. and those idiots who first made disasters. Nothing ever changes. <br /> <br /> Al Gore, whose hypocrisy is quite evident in the movie because she is using a consumer product alone, using a gas-powered car alone, and she lives on a large hectare of land in a rather large mansion used for destructive erosive conditions, including cattle, tobacco , pig farming (which is a trace of methane gas) and who knows what else, its wealth is based on exploitation, greed and its investments involve numerous large global companies with controversial documents. I hardly think this person is qualified to hope less fortunate, but his prestige is based on his opposition to another ridiculous political party that is all, while emitting the same dirty qualities that make politics and politicians so terrible. This bozo lives a comfortable life and has nevertheless taught poor people in Africa about crop cultivation and cutting and burning techniques? He travels around the world in first-class fuel waste, uses documented products in documents, but thinks everything is a "moral issue." He is completely absorbed in his frustrated nightmares, he says he came to these conclusions because of his sister's death (tobacco-induced cancer and his son's death by car of all things). Did he fight against tobacco manufacturers or suggested that cars be banned because they are dangerous stealing equipment? NO. Everybody must serve the "economy", so why is he different, the answer is that he is not. <br /> <br /> His lost and exhausted attempts at humanistic philosophy are catastrophic, all when he is filmed in the forest or confirmed by the hidden life of a small river-born. Mr. Gore, why don't you try to live like ordinary people? He is a politician, simple and simple, he has invested in the structure of power in his career. My question is, why does he not focus on the powerful industrial countries of the world who are guilty of most complications? He doesn't do that because it would be pointless for "investments, stocks and corporations". <br /> <br /> Al Gore gives a monotonous lecture on a documentary theme, namely the audience's rich white people, who staple the chip, showing them graphic cards, numbers and percentages, and speaking in harsh colors, no one without Harvard education (controlled by the elite) can not understand it, but he tells us that everything goes to hell. Not joking, but I think he does not consider this problem in the approach that capitalism has taken for the planet, namely that it is a waste and a dump. He never mentioned how industrialization has caused these problems, but he wants to easily bind them, but does not destroy the entire oppressive system. He's obvious that he was spoiled, sent to schools for elites, and has the same political base as any retrograde, inconsistent in Washington. Who did this propaganda, because it is in no way different from what the Republicans have planned, was only goals driven by a capitalist impulse. This means that someone will benefit, and "new green" politicians seem to support venture capitalist companies buying land, trying to "new technology" to develop a "new utopian future". It's the same old story, Al Gore is a believer in an elitist structure, he believes there is a "democracy" in the US that I find very naive. If we do not pay the oil companies, we will pay them to wind and solar companies. <br /> <br /> At the end of the speech, I find it quite dirty as GW Bush would have retreated to massive masses, Gore speaks in the 1990s of "uniting communism", which he had to do with global warming, nothing, but he is trying to remember people on the base emotions. That said, he did not realize that communism was never there in the world, that the systems of Europe and the USSR were simply a tyrannical form of authoritarianism and capitalism, which is no different than that which controls the interests of the United States. Social ecology was not even mentioned here, which is really travesty. If you want to change the world, you must make use of the obsolete systems based on greed, exploitation and violence.
