Perhaps the PC version of this game was impressive. Maybe. I just finished the PS2 version and it's pretty much a complete mess. <br /> <br /> There are a couple of items that are okay or promising. I mention them first because it is fast over. First, the idea of ​​a historic GTA-like game is great. Game Gun was a historic GTA-like game, and unlike the Mafia, Gun was great. I would like to see that during the Mafia era, the game was done correctly. Next, the story is well written. The story makes sense, it has dramatic arches, it uses an unusual device (much of the game is a backplane) and it is interesting. Finally, some graphics - especially those used during cuts - are impressive. Mafia designers seemed to focus on getting the graphics right in those places where GTA plagued this effort, especially the characters. Unfortunately, in many other areas, the graphics are stinking and I have a much better game than the impressive look. <br /> <br /> The game is one that drops such a title. First, the controls and the camera suck completely. It must be the first focus of game developers. You cannot release a game where the controls and / or the camera suck. First of all, there is no reason why the character of Tom does not allow him to control his full range of motion by using the left analogue stick. If this is not absolutely necessary, and it is hardly ever, I hate a setting where the left stick moves in the "streaming" of the character and the character can only be used with the correct analog stick. Not only is it not unnecessary here, it is a challenge for most of the simplest activities. For example, Tom must climb on a few missions. But the game is so badly designed that you have to depress both the right-hand analog stick and the camera, and then press L1 every time you need to climb, or Tom falls instead. <br /> <br /> Next, I've never seen a worse combat system. The first problem is that you cannot automatically target or lock any targets. At an early stage, the game seems to tell you that you can use L2 or R2 to lock targets, but it never worked. So you have to focus on any enemy, you have to fight with the silly right-hand analog stick and try to keep the character's orientation as well as the camera's control, which tends to drift into the wrong corner or makes Tom disappear all the time. By this time you are probably dead or dead. <br /> <br /> Next, when you come into contact with an enemy or almost touch it - and it is definitely a combat system that consists mainly of knocking or holding R1, it is totally useless to fight with your hand or use a close combat weapon. The enemies can almost hug you, but you can't just move unless you come back. So close struggles tend to consist of your left analogue, yell at the character to go away, what he doesn't do 50% of the time, then tap R1 as much as possible before the enemy goes back again and makes R1 useless. And when the enemy in the meantime tends toward you, you also start fighting with the right analog stick to get your character in the right direction and get the camera in position so you can see something. By this time you are likely to be bombarded or shot again and your only chance is to try to take the mark again. My struggles were often about making a circle around Tom's comedy, hoping I'd get enough time to fight with the analog stick and get a couple of shots before I again got AI grace. So much for a realistic fight. <br /> <br /> Similar problems and problems exist in the fight against weapons. When you touch someone, half of the time the controller just doesn't let you kick off the fire, but they're still full of holes. In addition, there is no automatic target and the targeting system is ridiculously sensitive, even if the sensitivity is set to Options. Gunfights tend to consist of you hopelessly, trying to target or move when the enemy puts you after shooting. Fortunately, the damage is almost not registered. It can take one to ten frames to make it impossible to change any character and there is no rhyme or reason. You can put five frames between the enemy's head and an almost empty choice and they will still come to the fire and hurt you. However, it seemed that game designers were taking care of realism when they built their target system back so that after enough powerful weapons were taken, your goal slipped out of the target and you had to fight it again. <Br /> <br /> As for the graphics you designate, except for the characters and textures that you are close to, they are actually quite disappointing. The distance always seems to be empty, and often the colors and texture are close to the flat. The city was not very well designed. It is not sufficiently variable and there are not many interesting things to see or do. Cars seem slow and difficult to control. They all also fly the same. Some have mentioned music, but it was also rather vague. To this end, much better work could have been done. Also, as many others have mentioned, loading times are ridiculous and persistent. They tend to be over a minute long and they do everything - and even competitions - between and in the middle. <br /> <br /> In general, it seems that at least the Mafia port on PS2 has been very rushed. The game seems and plays like an incomplete hacker.
