The performance of this movie stinks. There is very little point in the plot, but what I gathered should be the scientist who develops the ability to transform people's personal items into small steel balls that then fly into their mouths and make them zombies (or hit their heads, either). And the effects are also bad. Most of the film consists of bad music, where actors dance so badly on bad music with several boring sex scenes. It should be one of the worst things ever done, but one thing. One shift shine element that makes "Nightmare Weekend" for everyone else. And this special quality is George's presence. <br /> <br /> George is a lovable interface between the researcher's daughter Jessica and the home security system. Her green hair and nose, shiny scalp, and heart-shaped mouth are George Jessica's guardian who asks her for advice on how to meet men who are one of the biggest celluloid-related dialogues. With his monotonous synthesized voice, George Jessica tells what percent of men prefer women in white dresses, and also that hiking is the third best way to meet boys with discos and bars. Of course, little Jessica just doesn't look out for trouble, causing George "Emergency Program Code: Protection Jessica", which results in a violent death of one of the above-mentioned steel balls by the attacker Jessica wants. br /> <br /> Kubrick was pointless, thinking he could give a red light to the computer staff. HAL should have been represented by our friend George to better understand his condolences for his final death. Light and sound show "Close Meetings"? It's not bad, but how much better would it be if the first communication tool for foreigners was George Hand Puppet. Bishop, Data, R2 ?? Kitchen appliances with all-powerful George! He can only be in the movie for 8 minutes out of 90, but don't be fooled. This show is all about George. Even with this limited amount of time, George joins a series of luminous movie characters such as Hollywood Montrose, Maya and Pappy's "New Moon Rising" as American cinema icons. "George for Apache"? you're my hero.
