Have you ever thought it would be nice to participate in the movie? As you can see some of the abandoned houses in a broken fence? Or do you see a woman walking on the street, cold and intense and terribly attentive? Yes, yes. Imagine that this picture is stretched to the whole movie, you're pretty much Broken's idea, although there are no detectives in this movie, I just use it as a visual. But the intense looking woman is here and she filled almost 99% of the screen time. I couldn't complain about this woman, she's the perfect choice for that role. really mood. It would be really cool if I could frame one scene from this movie and hang it on the wall. Let's be honest, acting is great. Some of the actors' visions are what follows me. <br /> <br /> Now for the problem with this movie. In addition to the mood there is nothing else here. The director basically took the idea of ​​obsession and ran it beyond what was worth. I do not consider it a spoiler when I say that obsession is a "mirror". Let's face it, this unique idea is the whole bloody place, and that's all that the director could do. It is allowed that here and there are a couple of twists. If you pay attention, you will never exceed any surprise, obvious plot holes aside. . I still believe that we should evaluate the art base in the media it uses to express what the artists want to express. Film is not music or picture or painting or even a poem and certainly not just a cool picture of your mind. It's all plus good story and character development. I consider Lynch's style to cheat when making a movie. It is irresponsible and inexpensive and a waste of media. We gave the movie 2 hours running for a reason. Therefore, we should decide on the evaluation of a frame other than one image, such as a photo or painting. <br /> <br /> This movie is not entirely Lynch style, thank you for the goodness. It has a linear development and finally came to a conclusion. It doesn't have much story or character. It showed itself quite seriously with characters composed of ordinary people, so the distance from other fantasy things was at least on the surface. It does not offer an explanation of the fantasy element, nor did it attempt to build a unified world around it. Oddity came somewhere and seems rather isolated and casual. Perhaps coherence will remain in the head of the director, but what I see did not make much effort to realize it on the screen. <br /> <br /> So where did he put his efforts? He seems to have spent a lot of mood in creating a mood and expanding it with music. Music often caused tension, which eventually became a teaser. Only in the later part of the film was intimidation and tension realized. <br /> <br /> Finally, I felt like: OK, I know what you want to say here, but is it a point you are trying to do for two hours to build all these tensions? It is quite irrelevant to who the characters are and what life they have. And we are given very little of who these characters are. Everything we have is a fact that just started. Disappointing, but I think the director did not have much material to do and it shows.
