I'm going to give this movie out of 10 out of 10 because I watched the zillion movies and I can clearly tell you what the intellectual film should look like. Surely Broken is not one of those films. I have to admit that the film made me think, trying to understand what the whole thing was trying to bring, and despite the explanations I've read in previous comments, they just seemed an exaggeration to be one of the people in the intellectual league. The picture on the cover clearly shows that Broken is the broken upper part of the face, which usually contains the brain. There is a clear message that when this part of the body is broken, the rest is deformed and inanimate. So, you are waiting for the characters of the movie to show their defective sides and it is not obvious in any scene, because the film starts immediately without introducing the characters and their lives. Although we see that Dad keeps a rifle when his children try to surprise him as if he knows he has enemies, but this is not a very strong hint. If the hints were more planted in the film, it could have been said to be a masterpiece. But while the pace of the film was so slow, it was so empty at the time that there were no metaphorical scenes at all. And the reunion of the evil father with the evil gene at the end is a strong rejection of the existential messages that some people have spoken in other comments. Besides, when Gena really lives in an apartment when her brother finally says to her, how is she evil? I bet I can defy the theory of this movie with so many questions that can only lead to one conclusion: This film is pretentious and a waste of time. Obviously, this shows that someone is trying to do something that is not valuable at all. I have a great fear of horror movies and specially slasher ones that some people call popcorn movies. Horror movies don't have to deliver deep messages! They should probably reveal the beautiful mask of your life and show you the other dark side that is the most serious. Horror movies should have blood, screams, intensity, skeletons, body organs and parts. Because it is a real horror and it is never away from reality. I've been watching almost all horror films and I can prove that each of them can be as real as sunrise. Nothing is unrealistic when you have thought about it. For example, the horror film "Train", with all its power and density and similarity to almost everything with "Hostel", speaks very of a real thing that sells body organs illegally, robbing people abroad, where someone would ask or seek them. <br /> <br /> And even if we kept a Broken movie that has an existential message, it is still very poorly presented and the least scary. I prefer the Requiem message that has been added to the drug addiction, which highlighted the fact that any addiction to sex, television, security / pampering, etc. May be so destructive and frightening to hell. of me. And those who always criticize horror films as meaningless and very commercial are usually just a few people who scare easily and simply do not like this genre, but that does not mean that such films are fans and that they have a lot to offer to the viewer about adrenaline instability, ecstasy, Leadership (Believe it or Not!), Entertainment is the Most Face to Face Interview with the Nature of Life, So Ugly and Scary as it may seem, Death!
