If the sales of broken mirrors were accurate, anyone who would participate in this production would have luck for about 170 years because there are many mirrors here. If only the script was so broken, "Broken" would have been a great movie. Now, unfortunately, it's just a long-term, derived, and boring film that has only a few outstanding ideas and memorable sequences. Sean Ellis made a very stylish and elegantly captured film, but the story is weak and the complete lack of logic and explanation is really frustrating. I had a conversation with a friend about the basic concept and the meaning of the film. He thinks Ellis was inspired by the old legend, claiming that doppelganger lubrication is the precursor of how you die. An interesting theory, but I don't know this legend and couldn't find anything on the Internet. Personally, I think "Broken" is another variation on the "body snatcher invasion", but without the intervention of an alien. "Broken" focuses on the American McVey family living in London and especially on Ginale. When a mirror gives birth spontaneously during the celebration, it creates a series of secrets and seemingly supernatural events. Gina drives by car and follows her mirrored apartment house. Drivers with mental confusion, causing a terrible car accident and getting to the hospital. When fired, Gina feels that her surroundings are changing. She no longer knows her boyfriend and the unnatural pieces of the accident blink in front of the eye. Does he suffer from the mental trauma referred to by the accident or is there a supernatural conspiracy around him? Writer / director Sean Ellis certainly refers to curiosity and tension in his script, but unfortunately he is not able to develop them properly. "Broken" is a genuinely atmospheric and stylish effort, but only after half an hour of the film you will come to the painful conclusion that it will remain beautiful but empty. In this movie, "fake" alternates. This means building up tensions through the ominous music and angels of an unsuccessful camera, if nothing has happened so far. By the time the really mysterious game begins, they will no longer have any frightening effects. Some of my colleagues here are comparing the film here, and especially the style of Sean Ellis, with the repertoires of David Lynch, Stanley Kubrick and even Alfred Hitchcock, but how is that? Too much glory. PS: what is this alternative spelling; Scandinavian ø
