This film is pure, distilled, unteredated boredom. I didn't know anything about it until I entered the dark room. I was seduced by the "mysterious and stopping" stain on the poster that I think. Also Lena Headey is nice and unusual sexy, and Richard Jenkins is always a trustworthy guy who is around so the majority seemed reasonable. Maybe his name was above the title, which convinced me to go to it instead of anything else. I should have seen Valkyrie a second time. <br /> <br /> The thin plot revolves around Headley Gina McVey, her boyfriend, father, sister, and sister's wife, who for some reason has remained in a very weak and unenthusiastic way with their evil doppelgangers who leave the mirrors that mysteriously smash. Behind this idea can be a big movie (not a very original idea, but remember, but still ...) and, in fact, if filmmakers had brought all the support and just stuck in the headey character's story, Broken could have made a reasonable 20-minute short time . As it is, it is desperately motivated and boring and terribly inconsistent. they look puzzled but forget about it quickly. In the second scene, the mirror is reflected in the empty space and the doppelganger is visible when it "leaves" the leaves hanging on the wall. Why would the first mirror break if there was no creepy climbing? Just a thrill? In dimly lit London apartments, there are too many scenes, moving around the corners, they thought they heard something, but didn't see anything there and moved on. We're starting to wonder why does this malicious doppelgang really never intimidate them? Scare the characters and you have the chance to scare the audience. But we, the public, have to threaten each other in the dark when we want all the excitement to happen during Broken. By the way, if we have spent their bad doubled time, we are completely confused about why everyone should scare them - they just stand around, the empty ones see their face, maybe completely harmless after killing their others <br /> <br /> There are some nice moods and touches, and I dare say that director Sean Ellis could make a really stylish and suspicious secret film when he would have to hire an imaginative scriptwriter next time.
