A few days after writing how garbage like MAD COWS and this FILTHY EARTH get money when Ange, Duncan, and Theo are completely ignored, I had to sit through another British movie * that had my head scratched why he got a single Penn. Some people may argue that because DEAD BABIES is based on a highly appreciated novel, it has a built-in market, but both FILTHY EARTH and MAD COWS were also adapted from novels and they were also an attempt to sit. <br /> <br /> I had read a plot summary, where a number of high-level waste bins go to a distant mansion where they are robbed of internet culture, but to be honest, this is not how the story speaks and someone is waiting on Friday 13th meets SHINING is bitterly disappointed, as 90-95% of the current time is taken by taking drugs and discussing sex. And what angry characters they are too. None of them are pleasing in any way, and after a few minutes you will get nostalgia for Stilini, Mao and Pol Pot, hoping that the next time someone comes to Communist democracy, they will be able to create an egalitarian utopia. Something that signals the end of such a decadent civil society, which means that the hateful characters of this film are still welcome. <br /> <br /> Not happy that you gave us a movie where the plot is inclined and where the audience can't connect with characters that the director continues to enrich things by getting all the wise and funny. There is no doubt that this should impress us that we would fall on our knees and cry. "Oh my God, what a great director, how he's gonna make us very artistic and only worthless, doesn't understand what God has given to this talent man". I'm sure the overwhelming majority of people yelled "How did my projects fall if it wasn't?" Or "WTF was the last half hour of this lace end?" saying that the original source was inconvenient and makes the film invisible. I agree that this movie is unreadable. <br /> <br /> * I know that IMDb classifies it as an American movie, but the style and bugs with DEAD BABIES are uniquely British. The Americans might think they have a lot of things with Bush, but we have Tony Blair, not to mention DEAD BABIES, MAD COWS and this FILTHY EARTH. No wonder everyone is ashamed of getting into the British 21st century
