This movie can be used in the film classes "How not to script a B-movie" course. The B-film has inherent limitations: budgets are tense, time is precious (Scarecrow was probably nailed for 8 days) and actors are often green and inexperienced. One aspect that you have complete control is to write the best script that you will receive within the limits set for you. The Scare Script seems to be written drunk. I could go through about fifteen examples of this nonsense script, but I just mention one: Gravedigger. The character of Graveiger is introduced to the film for about an hour. He apparently has nothing to do with any other film. She is shown at her daughter who has no connection with someone else's movie. The Graveigger is given a few scenes to act insecurely and then killed for body counting. Why give Gravedigger a daughter? Why give the boy a boyfriend? Why put them so late in the movie? Why not try these part of the current style? The scarecrow doesn't seem to care. <br /> <br /> The "story" of peacemaking goes something like this: Lester is a high school child (playing and acting an actor who would like to be in the early 30s) whom other children choose. She is an artist who pulls birds and is crushed in the classroom Judy. Her mother is a lush and urban whore. One of her amazing girlfriends makes her drawings fun (calling her to draw "fears" instead of "monsters and cowboy". "If you still have a high school student who is still drawing cowboys, I think he is more likely to be gay than a high school student who pulls crows) and Lester is later killed in the earth, under the title of a scarecrow. The magic of Lester is magically going to the scarecrow. The scarecrow practically does the entire floor routine before jumping to the top of the movie before jumping into the truck. The scarecrow then kills those who tormented him, those in the corn field of the smokestack, those digging the graves, the boys of engraver daughters, a lot of someone who appeared in the film set. br /> <br /> DVD bonus feature to be mentioned Director (French) makes an impromptu version of rap music, admits that he has no place for drivers to screw his wife's work and quote to live (and I am paraphrasing): "Life ez a bitch, but she has a big ass" <br /> <br /> The number of beers at the time of watching this movie: 5 Did it help: no beer is needed to enjoy this movie: whatever you need to dazzle at the level.
