One of the five worst films I've ever seen. And I'm not an exaggeration. In fact, I suggest you look at it so you can see the same incredible feeling you look at Showgirls. <br /> <br /> Of the 400 votes, the film's user rating is 5.3 / 10. But there is a disproportionate number of voters who gave it to the 10/10, probably due to the film's message - nuclear weapons are the fear of humanity. Chuck Murdock is an all-star small leaky pitcher who gives up baseball because he has nuclear weapons. Soon "Amazing Grace" Smith is the perfect Boston Celtic who is inspired by Chuck's story and gives up basketball. Soon, all sports leagues from a professional level to a college high school with too little protest. Later, all the children in the world go quietly. It inspires the President of the United States to meet with the Soviet Premier, who in due course agrees with the elimination of all nuclear weapons by the beginning of the next Little League season. The film ends with Chuck that he throws the first pitch, where the president tells his new best friend, Chuck, not to worry about crushing any dough because he hasn't thrown baseball in the year. <br /> <br /> A terrible underworld boss, Amazing Grace, kills somewhere on the line. When the President discovers, he is told that the FBI can control the killer, but can never prove it. So the president calls the underworld boss ("But this is one" "I don't care, take him a line") and tell him he has to resign from all the company boards so he sits and sells all the stock he has. And not out of line again. <br /> <br /> Frankly, this movie was so dirty that I couldn't turn it off. It was on TV from 2:30 to 4:00 and I watched it all. I was not turned off with anti-nuclear propaganda. The unlikely breakdown of all organized sports interrupted me. I don't even understand why "Amazing Grace" Smith was killed. And when all these famous athletes became Chuck's friends, why was his father constantly upset when his son was in a state of principle. And when the father talks to Chuck, the cliché's moment was over, "I've never told you, but I'm proud of you." Cue hugs.
