Well I'm probably sheep all here on this site, but Good Earth is one of the worst structured movies I've seen for a long time. We have a 2 and a half hour movie that looks like three and a half, because there are two movies in one. The first film tells about a family who has to move from home because of drought and hunger. They have to travel south to towns to find food or work. They find it convenient to find a bag for jewels and at the same time find that the drought is over. Yes, OK. With this knowledge, they return home with their riches and everything is good and wonderful. <br /> <br /> Well, it takes about one and a half hours of the movie, and although it's incredibly lifeless at this point, it has a nice arc. You think it would be a fantastic place to finish the movie. However, the movie continues throughout the hour. And for the remainder of this time, it will take a simple story of a family of difficulties in the world and make it a happy melodrama about treachery and jealousy between lovers. Oh yes and age, money is the root of all the evil bla blaa. Just because you know that an epic film does not mean that your story can go unnecessarily more than it does. The main idea I gather about this movie is that the land is good for this family and keeps them together. Then why did we spend the feeling of talking about a rich man in love with another woman, and why the final moment of the film is devoted to the woman, that our main character has not even cared for most of the film. Oh wait and the film is not the only thing that is badly written, the wife of the main characters doesn't make any sense. He complains a lot about how he was a slave and he never wants a slave and yadda yadda yaddat. Why the hat drop is he ready to sell his only daughter into slavery. Even if they were hungry during this idea, it makes no sense if, 20 minutes later, he complains that he does not want a slave again. <br /> <br /> There are also other thirty movies to watch out for. The only thing this is is cinematography. The land strikes beautifully, oh and the lakes are quite impressive. Too bad for the movie that had nothing to say. One last thing. I know that now Hollywood was mainly focused on the stars, and they thought a good actor could imagine something. For most of the film, Paul Muni best suits the Asian man, but when he hits half the point where the film continues without reason, he loses it and just becomes the usual old Italian Paul, even cutting their hair so he looks like Tony Scarface ' (also better film than this). Of the main characters of the film, I think perhaps three are actually Asian, the rest are just Americans. Oh, and please, Mrs Rainer, what was a really nice performance, not if I could rip the Oscar from my hands, I would. Good Earth is one of the epic waste of time. If you want to look at something like this, look at the Grapes of Wrath, a movie that really deserves all its praise. Mainly because it was not written by a monkey.
