because they're both pretty bad. I think the best part of the movie is the amazingly imperial picture of Faye Dunaway at the top of the stairs. She looks like she can step out of this picture, kidnap someone's bloody pieces and calmly put the portrait as if something happened. Now you know the movie's trouble when part of the set's furnishings can attract your attention. <br /> <br /> I testify that I paid $ 30 for a DVD so I saw Faye Dunaway in today's horror movie. I know what you mean - 30 bucks straight down the black hole. And you would be absolutely right. This movie sucks. There it is open. I was waiting for the real fears and waited and waited and waited. Did not come. Hollan (apparently a crowded makeup) didn't scare me, seeing a small piece of internal organs, and even Faye didn't scare me. I'm not so brave, I know, so it must be a movie, that's a problem. What's more, Jennifer is not afraid. His internal organs collapsed literally and he seemed more than anything. His life was about to end and he was worried about getting more money. Honey, you can't take the money if you go! "I need money," he says constantly, ignoring completely the fact that his lungs have collapsed and stopped working. Meanwhile, I spent the whole split movie, thinking what was with Grandma (Faye). . I was suspicious in the beginning, Faye played grandmother and everyone, and I was still suspicious. There's another relative living in the house, Jennifer and Mary Ellen, Grandma-From-Hell, forced to share, and I think she's the same generation as Grandma. Here's a strange part - a relative looks like he's just suffered his eight hundred birthday. Mary Ellen looks like she just got a facial lift from a well-known surgeon. Face-lifts can't do wonders, but I think Faye's appearance is important on the rice paper plot. SPOILER !!! It seems that the family suffers from a disease that affects bad behavior ... sorry, my little joke. Seriously, there are all the diseases that cause these organs to fail and eventually break down. Yuck, huh? Interestingly, Mary Ellen is still alive and all her organs are healthy. How can he avoid family worries? Obviously he has something. <br /> <br /> Another reason I lose my thirty dollar loss - this movie is one of my all time pets. I'm referring to a double finish. This movie ends twice. I absolutely hate it when it happens, and in this movie it seems that the director shot the end, didn't like it and forget to remove it during editing. I think it should be scary, but only if you are a movie editor. <br /> <br /> There is one weakness on this bump, and that's one of the reasons I bought the DVD. "Filmiegija" commented on Faye Dunaway, and I wanted to see how he acted when he had no features. Guess it - the film was so bad that I couldn't sit it again. Drat.
