Jennifer Shelter is located in Argentina and begins when Jennifer Cassi (Gina Philips) arrives after her sister Johanna's death. Jennifer leaves Johanna's big house, Jennifer decides to sell the house and return to Los Angeles, although her grandmother Mary Ellen (Faye Dunaway) is against the sale. But strange things are going to happen, Jennifer starts with nightmares that Ravens gets back to her and she's feeling very sick. After checking in the hospital, it seems that one of his kidneys is mysteriously lost, what happens to Jennifer? Is this an old family curse? Is Jennifer next to who goes to it ... <br /> <br /> This Argentine American co-production was written and co-directed by Daniel de la Vega & Pablo Parés and is a really boring ninety-minute, annoying and predictable contemporary ghost story What I imagine makes more people sleep earlier than scare. Vega, Parés & P.J. The Pettiette manuscript is rather slow and tedious, which is not what anyone wants, I think I'm sure most people don't want to sit and get bored of the eternal skull. The character is all uninteresting and quite a face, little or nothing they do. For example, who is the custodian of the cemetery? How did he know about demons? What is his interest and motivation to participate? I didn't see it. Jennifer herself is quite unlikely and a good lady, her grandmother Mary Allen is the same cliché as they come and it is surprising she is so obviously a villain. I mean a mystery-based horror / ghost story that is surprisingly predictable and routine. Both logic and story are gaps that, together with a terrible twist that hasn't been much twisted, didn't like Jennifer's Shadow. <br /> <br /> Directors Vega & Parés Falling Down I used a picture to bleach almost all the color, which often makes it not too far black and white, I suspect they wanted to give him a Gothic lesson, but it was done so many times before and often so much better than it did to me a lot and just makes the whole movie boring and lifeless. It's also a solid 40-year period, from costumes to a big house, but again it's half-hearted and inexpensive. Jennifer's shadow is well done, but it's pretty forgotten, it's not scary or horrible, and it's pretty predictable. If that's not enough, there's no gore, there are a couple of scenarios where Ravens beats people and beating the heart, but nothing else. <br /> <br /> The estimated budget is about $ 1,000,000. it is a US and international DVD edition that has been pretty well done, but a million million don't buy you too much these days & Jennifer's shadow proves this theory pretty much. There are also too many scenes where actors speak with Argentine accents, although this may be realistic, I really want to understand what people are saying. Action is fine, although Dunaway is moving badly and is obviously for money. <br /> <br /> The Jennifer Shadow is a ghost movie that I thought was the whole hole from start to finish, I look at incredibly strange creatures who stopped living and got Zombies! (1964). Waste of time.
