This is the most disappointing, the least delightful film of the so-called blacksploitation genre, which are films we usually enjoy at home. Instead of being "exploiting" or humiliating, these movies give an invaluable insight into the timing. Well, not Bucktown. <br /> <br /> With this story, Duke will return to Bucktown to work for his recently died brother at his nightclub. He learns quickly that the city is under the control of a fully corrupt police force, which protects all local businesses from bleeding. Duke is against and decides to save the city from corrupt police. Unfortunately, he does this in his friends' position (these people have been vaguely explained as some former black soldiers who have worked with the Duke before) and they just kill the whole police with cold blood. And literally, in the presence of hundreds of witnesses who do nothing to stop it. Ignorance is not justification for murder, and it would have been much more fun to see Cracker Police suffer from their actions rather than just laughing on the street. Although vengeance is a common and generally satisfactory topic in the films of this genre, it is far from seeing that Pam Grier does not again see the perpetrators who collided with their family, shared them, gave them a jujitsu-ass-kickin 'fire. cause) and it deserves a level of respect that is pretty little earned by simply taking a photo on the back of the person. Of course, in this strange stage, under the thumb of the woman, she plays the woman's cardboard crowd, who runs her city and suppresses her people. is, "Run, man, they will kill you!" <br /> <br /> After the sick and free-of-charge violence, we think we believe the mayor of the city condemns Duke and his friends heartily, congratulating them and offering their in honor of the parade, on the contrary, calling on the district judge to prosecute them and to keep them in custody. to fill the numerous vacancies of the police forces caused by their recent killing. They turn out to be more corrupt than their predecessors to the Cracker Police (to quote the mayor "They're ten times worse than we were!"). Now the Duke finds that he has to save the citizens of Bucktown from corrupt, defenseless law enforcement officers and to make the prostitution business on the streets safe again for a decent people. Unfortunately, the Duke has already lost all the hero's moral height and compassion because he was ready to participate in the murder of the police forces. I would not have taken care of one way or another if he had saved Buckton or would have been connected so far. I think we have to be entertained because Duke has to go with the new police to Goon, but in fact the movie has just become an opera of free violence, Duke murders all his former friends and allies with the cold blood that he had undercut the Cracker police. Duke is a pig. <br /> <br /> Finally, when everyone in the city, but Duke Aretha and the local brothel are dead and bleed on the street, our hero and heroine will walk for the night though they had admirable qualities or values; they are not. Duke is just a murderous thug and Aretha, who is a misogynist. If you are interested in the genre of this movie, I suggest that you read all of these features very much, see Coffy, Foxy Brown, Truck Turner, Blacula, Sheba Baby, but if you were to go through this DVD, throw it as far as possible ! Throw it down like it's hot! It should be treated as being treated with the glowing palm of nuclear waste! In the whole era of Blacksploitation, there are no films that are not dramatically more fun, more satisfying and populated with more sympathetic and admirable characters than the mucus that is apparently written and directed to some hormone unbalanced high school sophomor.
