The Comet Night begins when the world prepares for one life event, a 65-year plus-year comet. Instead of showing light, Regina Belmont (Catherine Mary Stewart) decides to spend a night in the cinema projector Larry Dupree (Michael Bowen) ... They wake up the next morning and when Larry tries to leave the cinema, Zombie is attacked by the same zombie Regina, but he can escape there where he discovers that almost everyone on the planet has become red dust. Almost everyone, because of the amazing coincidence, the only other person to survive, be his sister Samantha (Kelli Maroney), desperately looking for more survivors and meeting Hector Gomez (Robert Beltran). At the same time, evil scientists need human blood to develop a serum to save themselves from dust and look at unwanted donors ... <br /> <br /> Thom Eberhardt wrote and directed a garbage viewing experience tonight, I'm surprised how much IMDb has positive comments on it, because I thought it was a boring mess that has never fulfilled its potential. The script begins with 100 miles per hour of deleting the entire Earth & Zombie attack, but then it goes anywhere and finally the unlucky blood is introduced by scientists stealing at the end of the movie, because by then a thin story has been to launch this course. There, too, there are holes in the plot, if these scientists want blood, why shoot three or four gang members and save two sisters if the boys got more blood for their experiments, killing them just seemed a strange and almost suicidal thing to do. need blood to treat the blood, it just doesn't make sense to think if you need to die and test for human blood, would it be five or six donors who give blood or only two? I don't have the fact that two sisters were independent of each other, I mean, what are its odds? When Hector comes into contact with a female scientist for the first time, she never mentions Samantha or where she was or where the underground facility was where they took Regina before she committed suicide, so how did Hector know these things? I also thought after the first twenty minutes of the film that the film will slow down the teo tempo and become incredibly boring and cunning after hearing so many good things. Director Eberhardt really does a good job, I liked the look of the film with this red tinted sky and he managed to create a very cool atmosphere. Unfortunately, there are too many pictures of empty streets, there are constantly eroded empty streets, abandoned roads and abandoned buildings, and it becomes very repetitive and boring. OK, we get that there's no one else, so there's no need to hold it in the throat, showing them continuously without cars. Zombies are completely wasted, the whole film has two zombie attacks and it also has two individual zombies, although there are a couple of effective nightmares. The Comet Night is honored or hanging somewhere else, with many other better films, including the world-wide Dawn of the Dead (1978). Forget about any blood or gore because there's nothing. <br /> <br /> Technically at night, Comet is pretty good, the special effects are decent and the production team was probably very good at closing the streets. The action was quite anticipated by Maroney as the Samantha's head-blonde, who became very irritating. <br /> <br /> Comet's night was a big disappointment for me, so I hoped so much. I found this film to be a boring, boring, unententful & puke-inducing sequence, where the sisters go in. "Girls just want to have fun," the melody is probably the worst moment of the movie. Really bad and I just can't just get so many people like this, I'm sure I'll kill you to say so, so let the abuse start so I can do it ...
