I think the round of applause is that anyone who has taken Rogue Pictures' latest edition, The Return, is a trailer. I myself, along with all the other people, are disappointed to believe that this is actually a horror film. On the contrary, it is actually a supernatural thriller. Too bad it's not a little exciting. <br /> <br /> "Return" letters Sarah Michelle Gellar, like Joanna Mills, a young woman who has had 11 years of personal problems. It was in this era that he began to have haunting visions of a woman's murder he had never met. While on a business trip to Texas, he leads these visions of La Salle, the murdered woman's hometown. There, he faces another person who has often appeared in his visions. A man named Terry Stahl, played by Peter O'Brien. Joanna is now desperate for finding answers. The search, which can ultimately be his own murder. <br /> <br /> I really don't know where to start here. What should I first mention? Scary behavior, outrageous leadership or terribly buggy story? No matter what I choose for my point behind each, it's the same: they just suck. Adam Sussman's scenario is even moral. He's not interesting. It's not convincing. It's just unpleasant. I was expecting something to launch a "movie" (I've moved the movie because I don't think "return" deserves to be a real movie because it's inaccuracy.) Hope, but nothing happened. I freeze the freezing cold. Even the stars of the actors themselves would not have saved this disaster. Of course, they knew reading this script, agreeing to do a "movie". I expect this to be the reason why action was so terrible. At least that's what I believe. I really hope most will not be proud of their performances. They need immediate medical attention if they do. <br /> <br /> Now, management is unmistakably bad, but I can't completely cross Asif Capadia. (Well I can, but I can't, because I'm such a nice guy.) I look at the return as a test for Kapadia, because for all of you who don't know, it's his first full-length movie. The next time it is next, hopefully, it has improved significantly, the only thing he was able to do here was to almost completely duplicate the 2003 2003 transformation style of Marcus Nispel's The Texas Chainsaw Massacre. Now it is nice to have a "movie" given, but unfortunately he still does not get any praise for it. Copying someone else's work is not, in my opinion, a commendable one. I think that the transformation of Jim Sonzero '' Pulse '' Americans must now match the title of "the worst movie of the year." Returning this is undoubtedly the title of almost any conception. what it does not, however, go beyond, or in parallel with, the success of Gellar's former ability to operate, The Grudge. This note has one last thing I would like to add. I can honestly say that I have never been embarrassed that I saw leaving the theater auditorium until I see "Return". This is something I never want to experience with the film again.
