It's hard to find a movie that tells the story of the popular mythology of Senate Joe McCarthy, the king of political demons. Boyle (like Joe) gives compelling but historically inaccurate images of the Wisconsin Senator. Meredith, as an army lawyer, Joseph Welch, who was stuck in the military hearings of McCarthy in 1954, is as good as ever. <br /> <br /> In fact, McCarthy and Cohn were rightly worried about the terrible security situation. In the army and the 1954 Army hearings came into the army's incense to divert the investigation from its security problems, which the Commission investigated, contemplating that McCarthy and Cohn were trying to give preference to their employees, David Schine, during his stay. <br /> <br /> Film is a self-satisfied daily ride based on common myths that have passed many decades of truth to many people - that red intimidation was mostly fake, and McCarthy, HUAC, etc. were always robbed of wrong goals, more than lying, career has destroyed the public's actions that drove the astonished liberals to constitutional rights accused of security risks. People who know little about this issue still feel confident to repeat McCarthy's false information and "red intimidation" to this day - Clooney's Murrow Hagiography is an example. Misinformation is widespread, no wonder people have swallowed it. A recent Budd Schulberg demonstration in the serious left-wing UK newspaper "The Guardian" pointed out that the Hollywood writer "named the names" "McCarthy" - erring what McCarthy "investigated" Hollywood as HUAC leader - the truth is McCarthy he was never a member of HUAC and had little interest in Hollywood-style policies - his investigations were almost exclusively limited to US government weapons. <br /> <br /> The "red intimidation" of mythology is unfounded now with recent US and Soviet government documents, when something McCarthy has underestimated and a little underestimated but decades of public misinformation about Soviet and other passenger infiltration in the US is hard to correct. One day maybe the really brave soul of Hollywood will make a film that tells the truth about how many American men and women massively supported Stalin, and worked to set up his vicious circle in the western world, giving an accurate view of Joe McCarthy's career. but I don't hold my breath. So far, we have this mythical, drunken popular imagination that is so familiar with the media ... "Tail gunner Joe".
