In all my film years, I've only gone once with the film and it was a terrible "Stay Tuned". Fortunately, the cinema returned the ticket and I went to watch "Buffy Vampire Slayer" (a minor fix). This movie is "Done", which is so strange that it became almost the second movie I ever went out of. "Dick" was so unpleasant that it wasn't even possible to laugh, let alone laugh. <br /> <br /> This title, such as "Dick", shows how the movie looks like it's a full-blown "dick" joking and ending a tremendous blow, and yet I had great hopes for significant casting (Daniel Hedaya, Bruce McCullough, Dave Foley, Kristen Dunst, etc.) and the premise that at least promised something fresh. What the film gave was a joke of four shamefully predictable "dicks", a comic timing that suffered a jetlag, and a premise that was thin after the first five minutes. In short, it was the "Forrest Gump" Watergate scene that was left out, placed on the shelf and in the mangle - over 90+ tormenting minutes. <br /> <br /> As soon as you realize that the two main characters - endless, unpleasant squealers who cease and roll their eyes constantly - will participate in every major Watergate event, you will mentally check the plot progression: 18 and a half minutes will be deleted from Nixon bands, CHECK; deep throat meetings with Woodward and Bernstein, CHECK; John Dean got a change of heart and admits, CHECK. The process is less painful and as active as a real Watergate thing, where there is about the same amount of laugh. And while it is a fun re-deconstruction of events leading to President Nixon's resignation, it becomes colorful, choosing-your-own-adventure, filling-empty comedy that says: very little and even less entertainment. <br /> <br /> Even the strong side of the film - the above-mentioned cast - is amazingly unproductive here. The most disappointing thing is Harry Shearer as G. Gordon Liddy. Thick, if he is behind the thick Liddy mustache and with the sternly poisonous scenario of the aftershave, shears a few lines, desperately catching the prosthesis behind his nose and eyebrows, then disappears. Dave Foley, one of the comic masters of children in the hall (two of you, Bruce McCullough and Mark McKinney also appear in this movie - ah, the blessings of nepotism) are also badly paid. Her Haldeman occasionally lends a lot of relief to the funeral piece, but her most funny thing is the fun of the horse - or the movies. And then Daniel Hedaya as Richard Nixon - oops, I mean "Dick". (Ha ha, funny funny.) He can play solid Nixon, avoiding the pitfalls (such as overdone makeup, rubber nose and false teeth Anthony Hopkins) while retaining the essence (surprises between human tenderness and coarseness). Looks like I forget someone. . . oh yes, the two stars of the movie, the ones that are over the bubbles. Can't remember their names, maybe because I have repressed my performances. Nothing can go beyond the funny thing; Nothing could be more painful than to tolerate your surprise that ran "hyperactive" and "super hyperactive" gamma, and the accidental "pouti" that had hit. <br /> <br /> This movie seemed like a bad excuse to hit the 70s soundtrack and parade of unsuccessful period clothes, both of which seem to be the norm for "Me Decade" for movies and TV shows. But clothing and music stop ersatz's replacement for a true testimony and plot, which is a short description of an extra plot that manufacturers hope to compensate for anemic writing. <br /> <br /> The only possible film for this film is the years when one of his talented paints appears to David Letterman or Conan O'Brien. This terrible kinematic excretion is distracted and hopefully will lower the stunned stranger. The sad thing is that the real bad guys everywhere - writers and manufacturers - are far from looking at the cameras, perhaps baking a catastrophe like this. <br /> <br />
