Little Mermaid is one of my absolute favorite Disney movies. I'm sorry to say that Disney is completely confused in doing this. I admit that it has some good points. The songs are not bad and the animation is clean and clear. I'm sure there is something humor - I can't remember because after seeing it, I immediately banned my eyes from appearing. The worst point of this movie is the plot. In this film, Ariel becomes her father. He forbade his daughter to go near the sea (yes, fear) as he was forbidden to land. Personally, I think that thanks to its past, Ariel would retain some of her strong ways and would not treat her daughter as she had been treated. <br /> <br /> In addition, Ursula replaced a terrifying, pathetic sort of sea witch (under-filled, forgotten sister) who is more comical than scary. He also has little basis for making his offer, but he is no worse or worse than Ursula. Ursula broke us with his credibility because of the malice. This sea witch is a joke. <br /> <br /> Worse than the flounder is the greasy, deeply tuned father (our lovely guppy we all know and love is no longer) and Eric's voice doesn't even do. the same actor (something that always irritates me as a result). (My voice was very clear to me, by the way!) I felt that the only reason why this movie was made was that Disney got a few quick dollars, something I don't want to think about the company I really enjoy. I felt that this plot lacked imagination. I know this action (the child who follows the traces of the parents) is happening, but Ariel was different. We loved him so much. He had a dream, he fell in love, and he made this dream. Until he appeared in the movie, it is. Then he got like other adults. It's not Ariel I know. And I don't like him. <br /> <br /> I know some children who have enjoyed this movie and I know some adults who don't mind it. But for me, and for all of you who love Ariel, please don't see this movie. Ariel, whom we know, dies inside, resurrected only for a song or for two and one final scene, which really isn't bad (where he takes the water again) - though he takes very little at the end.
