I loved the first little mermaid. I know the songs, I love the characters and I love this story. I can't say anything like Little Mermaid II: get back to the sea. It was terrible. Let's start with the story. The plot was the reverse copy of the first film. The same situation except the opposite! Ariel wanted to live in the countryside, her daughter Melody (creative name) wants to live at sea. Ariel was beaten by Ursula, Melody is comforted by Ursula's sister, Morgana. Ursulal was a sister? Not sure where it came from. After the movie's first movie copy, it seemed cinematic and interesting to the first film. Now the characters: 1. Ariel- What happened to him? We are no longer all of whom we all knew and loved from the first film, now "grown" and his personality went down. His singing voice was not as strong as either Jodi Benson was much older or the songs were so terrible that his talent was wasted. 2. Prince Eric- Although he didn't have much personality in the first film, like all the Disney princes, he changed his new voice and his few lines made him even more robotic. Up, he just can't defend himself and Ariel gets tough on two. 3. Sebastian - Say goodbye to the first movie with a lovable crustacean, because a small and aggravating little crab just took its place. He had no good songs in this film either. You can almost forget the honor that he earned for the incredible "Under the Sea" and "Kiss the Girl" of the first film, and that is very sad. 4. Flounder - they destroyed him! She is no longer cute, her voice is terrible and she has children now? Who is Mom? 5. Morgana He seems to be Ursula's sister for the revenge of her mother who always chose Ursula over her. So he's going to become King Triton's trident to become a new sea ruler. Sound familiar? Anyway, he's a very cliché and he can't beat Ursula as a villain. He fails in sorcery, he is not very harsh and does not threaten at all. 6. daughter of Melody-Ariel and Eric. The irony name, because he, unlike Ariel, can't sing. His voice is annoying, his friends (walnut and penguin? Really?!) Are not funny or pleasant and he is exactly the same as Ariel, and not so pleasant. Leave it out. Don't look at any Disney sequel except Lion King 2. This movie is a classic that lives in all our pleasant memories. I look back at this movie and just laugh.
