Okay, how long a Disney fan, I really -how-direct-video Disney sequel. Walt HIMSELF didn't believe them. He believed that "AND they lived happily ever after its end". But that ... really noted taco. There were so many other Disney movies in it, it wasn't funny. A quick summary if you don't know yet ...: Melody, Ariel's and Prince Eric's daughter was born. Ursula's sister Morganna (who basically looks like Ursula, if she herself is green and goes to Ally Macbeal's famine) appears and after she's tried to make a newborn chick and predicts, she predicts punishment for the characters. After this challenge, Ariel goes similar to her father and refuses to tell Melody about her mermaid's legacy and later forbids her to go near the sea. Well surprise surprise. Melody discovers if she is a stubborn mother and runs away, then Morgana makes an agreement to get a mermaid in return. (Gee makes it familiar?) He's gonna be one, but on his side, he has to return his grandfather Trident and return it back to the sea witch. In doing so, he rides a couple of challenged animals, a penguin and a nut called Timon and Pumb - ah? wait ... no! it's not Timon and Pumbaa! or is it? Could be deceiving me. Anyway, I'd like to reveal more, but pretty much something you might think it would happen. OK so ... long story short. This movie "borrows" too much from other (better) Disney movies ... and does it terribly. Come on ... Tip and dash? Why not just make Dashi an unsightly flatulence and make it even more apparent! Ugh. Not to mention the real meat industry of Ariel's personality. He's gone from being a free-climbing woman to his father's clone. Not good at all ... they're telling us, in principle, a sweet, tempting little mermaid, we know we're growing and love is dead. Plus Melody herself is not so big a character ... she's fucking annoying! And dirty! Not to mention what they've done with the flies. Anyway, if you decide to see this created for primarily profit-making reasons, non-imagination, then Eisner's sponsored c ****** t, I'd recommend waiting until it's on a Disney channel or any other TV station. Because it's not even worth the rental price. <br /> <br /> * ***** stars.
