I think the Matthews temple was basically a remake, although there are few changes that just make it worse. SPOILERS: It's a lot like the original. Melody, Ariel's new daughter, threatens Ursula's sister Morgana. Morgana flees but keeps his promise to take Melody away. Is Ursala a Sister?! And he's not as big a villain as Ursula was. There is a similarity here. The medal is kept from the sea to the capture of Morgana, but he doesn't know anything about it because it happened when he was a child. The palace is surrounded by a wall to keep him and the morgana out. She goes under the wall every day to swim and talk to Sebastian, who is not as funny or as fun as the original. He finds his seashell under his name and runs away from home and looks for answers and finds Morgana. There is a similarity here; Morgana tricks Melody, making her happy when she turns here a mermaid. Meanwhile, Eric, Melody and King Triton are looking for him. To remain a mermaid, he must steal a trident from Triton. So Melody does, because she doesn't know that King Triton is his father. He makes friends with a penguin and a nut, and it's terrible here. The penguins who live with them in the icy ocean hate them because they are cowards. So they try to prove they are heroes and fail. It doesn't fit a little mermaid. Dialogue between penguins and the conversation between the two characters is a bleed. you know why? Because the first was a great story. It is not and is not magical. This is just an example of how many bad results are. <br /> <br /> Melody finds them and helps her prove to Atlantic. When they take Trident, Ariel Morodaga finds Melody. Melody is angry with her mother to keep her out of the sea so she gives Morgan a trident, then she shows her true colors when she grabs it. Poor Ariel and Melody are in her custody. The penguin and the walnut will prove themselves when they fight against Morgana's shark friend. I'm sorry I didn't mention him before. Finally, they prove themselves. Eric, King Triton and his soldiers arrive, but they are forced to suppress the trident by Morgana. Melody takes it, throws it on Triton and worries about Morgan (literally). Then Ariel apologizes to Melody and thinks it's all his fault. It wasn't! Ariel did the right thing to protect the melody, but they never said it. Triton offers Melodyle to live at sea or on land. In fact, he has a "better idea". He uses a trident to vaporize the wall, so people and people can be together. Then everyone will sing a terrible song. END. <br /> <br /> Who has seen it and likes it probably hasn't seen the original. I don't want it because I'm a teenager. I liked it when I was very little. When I got older, I started to see what's bad about this movie. young, young children enjoy it, but it is likely that if they are in primary school, they will forget about it. I usually think I appreciated the movie and it was better than I remember when I watched it again, but not that. That's even worse. The story is no exception. If you thought that reading the story was good, read this comment more and you know other bad points: Well, you know the story right now. I'm sorry that it was bad for you, but I had to point out some bad things. One of the worst things is animation. Color is terrible. The original was beautiful. Watching it made me almost blind. Even the illustrations and landscaping were not good. The original was a beautiful, magical color and beautiful underwater landscaping and for the earth, so it was a pleasure to see. <br /> <br /> Music is unbearable. Compared to the first one, there is music here. The songs are not so well composed and Tara Strong (I think it's her name) who Melody can't sing. Sometimes he sang too high or did not watch the melody of the song. So much so that "Melody" is the name.And the music is not at all beautiful or moving. The little mermaid 1 won the Oscar for it and it really deserved it. It earned the prize for the worst musical result in the queue if it were available. <br /> <br /> I didn't like the voices. Several people who played the first signs did the same in that. Jodi Benson is a great singer, but now, when she's older, she doesn't break her, her voice is too deep and not so beautiful. And I'm really disappointed with her and others who were the first to participate. When I chose this for the movie, just reading the script, I can say that it would be a bad film. The characters are now different. Ariel is now smarter but annoying. They overcame their character, making it too mature. The annotations do not foresee any change of characters, except for a special reason. He was in the first sixteen. He has little chance to change. This is the stage when you become the person you are for the rest of your life. Scientists should think about it. They should think about nature. <br /> <br /> I think it's for me. I hope my comment is helpful because I am sure many of you will agree with my position.
