This movie throws me every time I see it. If you take the first movie and return the plot (ariel wants to leave the sea, she wants her daughter to go to the sea), take the same characters and give them new animals and new names, and then throw the scary animation and the greatest miracle, possibly, get the little mermaid. this is the copy of the first film that has the opposite plot. I will gradually take you through this horror. These are people from the first movie: First, Prince Eric is still a prince eric, the whole movie has about 3 lines. Ariel is troublesome, annoying and not the first thing we saw in the first. In fact, it is exactly the opposite. Sebastian is still less cute, less convincing than stressed and jokes are no longer funny. The flounder is about 2 rows. Now she has children and she talks to the nose with a runny nose. Scuttle is still a stupid slip just not funny. The character of King Triton is probably the best, he still retains his daughter Melody's intimidation and love. Ariel and Prince Eric don't seem to be looking for their daughter. <br /> <br /> As I said, they only used the first movie and copied them. So they did: Ursula- New evil villain is Morgana, the sister of Ursula, who feels like Ursula has lived in the shadow. I wouldn't be afraid of him if he saw a knife at his door. He can't do anything right and he's a failure as a villain. He is the ursula with the same voice. Sebastian & Flounder - probably replaced by the most stupid sidekicke, tip & dash, walnut and penguin. They try to be heroes, but always try. The plot is so predictable. They will eventually become heroes. Yawn. Flatson & Jetsom- Now the shark was replaced by a triton about 10 times smaller. He's also very bad. Morgana and shark (sharkbait, I think his name) is not chemistry, good or bad. Ariel-Ah, Ariel. Our lovely mermaid was replaced by her lovely daughter, melody. Melody can't sing, her voice is about 2 octaves higher than it should be, and you want to punch her on her face because she's so sweetly sweet. She wants to go to the sea, she's clumsy and the kids are kidding her, she's gotta go. the movie's boring and ungenerous is not as easy as watching the movie, how bad it is. Certain parts of the movie want to call Disney and ask why such a terrible movie was made to follow such a wonderful original. like comparing and Ed Wood movie to Casablanca. Never look at it, even if you are bored.
