Promo Evening: The most important evening in all the low girls that consists almost entirely of plastic. And so, every ten minutes, the characters celebrated us when their head-peckingly miniscule events took place in their little life. There is nothing original about it and I would have given it zero or fewer letters in IMDb. The only part of my viewing that I had was when the group of teenagers before us decided to play "ghosts". It was more exciting than anything on the screen in front of them. <br /> <br /> The plot was basically a man who was on a rampage. And the thing was, it wasn't even a little exciting rampage. Perhaps, if the guy had been a far scary, not tortured sight of Robbie Williams with a baseball cap, I could have been sitting there, a little worried. The fact that I care less about the characters than the cinema carpet color did not really add the effect. And even worse, the remaining characters were equally one-dimensional and neglected. The staff at the hotel did not notice or take care that one of their servants had disappeared and there was further evidence that the murderer had been recognizable after shaving. I was incredibly surprised that blue clothing was the only person to notice who he was. He understands this and continues to fall down the stairs, stuck on a plastic sheet and then knocks the paint buckets. Well one. <br /> <br /> The worst thing is that I believe the director has tried his absolute hardest. He really pushed all the boundaries if he didn't actually kill. Shocking! And music doesn't even start with me. It was almost as suitable as a funeral. <br /> <br /> I really want Prom Night to be a joke. It was terrible and foolishly predictable. Nobody can see this movie with the right mind or for any other reason. The general cinema seems to be downhill and such films are worsening the situation. If you want to see this absolutely terrible movie, listen to my statement. Don't do that. There are better things to spend six pounds. As a page to play ghosts.
