Although Bondarchuk was by no means a young man who had been working on this project, he was still a novice director with only a few pictures, a successful adaptation of the short story of World War II to his name. Of course, Bondarchuk had been a solid actor for decades, but its skills mean little behind the camera, and as a director, she was inevitably ready to make such a scale. And, for a director of obviously different quality, obviously of different quality, through dirty shooting compositions, which are particularly evident in group scenes, often with regrettable camera positions, it was apparently overwhelmed that the task parties were apparently left out on their devices, inconvenient voice calls that sounded like radio broadcast messages. <br /> <br /> Vidor's "war and peace" was probably the main reason that led the Soviet government to spend on this production. The release of Vidor's image from the USSR was quite scattered. Certainly Bondarchuk wanted to mimic the greatest strength of the Hollywood movie and find his Audrey. His final choice, Lyudmila Savelyeva, a terrifying dark haired thing, really resembles Hepburn somewhat. Unfortunately, he was a Kirov ballet dancer who had no experience or talent, so it is surprising that the coolest word I can describe about his performance is "terrible". <br /> <br /> While it may be assumed that Soviet actors, speaking the same language as Tolstoy's characters, would have a better understanding than foreigners, but this war and peace often indicate that this is not the case. The revolutionary upheaval destroyed the thin top layer of Russian soil so that the world of war and peace grew out, so that a good portion of those big productions who participated in this production often look as ineffective as the Americans who do Shakespeare. the actors can't play Shakespeare reliably, but you know what I mean when you saw American members in Branagh's adjustments). Only three of the main characters are Bondarchuk's Pierre praiseworthy, but even he was too old for it and feels early.
