A very bad but observable science fiction that suffers from terrible special effects, bad behavior and a ridiculous story. The film opens with a spaceship that returns to Mars with a man and a man with green mucus. He is beginning to cope with some of the horrendous plots that happened on this fateful journey, because almost all the tapes seemed to be magnetically wiped. Four astronauts take this journey: the military type played by poor men Humphrey Bogart, who enjoys the word "Irish" and has a working clay fish, is Naura Hayden, a beautiful redhead and only a female team of three men wearing the most suitable clothes, is possible Move to highlight all of her curves, next, Les Tremaine, the wonderful character of the actor from such a cheap sci-fi movie as the rooster and the last, Jack Kruschen as Sammy Brooklyn with jokes and doesn't seem too bright even though it's chosen for his electronic expertise. None of these performers are really good, and all of them say their dialogue with little conviction. Look at Tremaine when he says this scientific nonsense! Indeed, the best of these four is Kruschen - and it really is about this movie. But by acting as bad, the film simply breaks down when they land back from Mars. The Angry Red Planet had a real cheap budget, because Mars is indeed a southwestern American with a heavy red tone. If the story requires something that could look like Mars, their drawings are heavy red. You can say that these are the drawings Monsters are perhaps even worse when we get a Bat-rat bucket with a size of up to 40 feet and which looks like some kids meet dead animals together. Another important creature is the giant amoeba with the eye of oscillation. Whew! They are bad. The city of Mars is a beautiful figure, but it wasn't enough in the movie. Despite all these big problems, Angry Red Planet is a fun bad movie. It is really exciting to see how far we have reached civilization. Most of the things used in the movie are so outdated. One man uses an electric razor and I thought they could get to Mars, but they still use drivers. Director Ib Melchior gives an interesting look at the big film even with budget constraints, but he and Sid Pink's story don't fly. And how does it end with music and psychedelic colors? Groovy man!
