The spaceship returns from Mars; A couple of months earlier, the red planet was sent to a 4-digit expedition. Most of the picture is a setback to what appeared there. The image has precipitated with an inone, melodramatic dialogue, typical of many fifty and sixties sci-fi efforts. Note, for example, how the ship's commander (Mohr) tells another crew member to "stay there" for no reason; like moving into the interior of another ship, the problem arises. Later, the commander ordered two crews to remain on the ship when he and the other go out. The two whom he commanded to stay say "in no way" and follow it; At this point I had no hope of an expedition's success. There's a lot of talk about "ear-twitching" and bullying with the "Cleo" gun (of course Cleopatra). Unintentionally, it would be pretty funny if the story didn't pull. <br /> <br /> The whole thing is very slow; Astronauts spend so much time out on the ship's window portals (which make the color red to blue), commenting on what they see as they look outside. The Martin landscape, advertised as a film "Cinemagic", usually resembles animated cuts or drawings through an orange-red filter to give the illusion of communicating with actors taking on an odd surrealistic look. process. But I don't think it will deceive anyone over the age of 10. One wise note I noticed was that the memories of surviving astronauts would be unrealistic, explaining the unrealistic nature of the Martian vista. Oh, okay ... <br /> <br /> I was amused by some of the astronauts' actions when they started exploring; immediately, they test their freezer on the plant and kill it just because of this hell. Then a female member of the mechanic she thinks is a tree, but turns out to be a monster of a spider. Nice going, lady. See next time. No wonder "intelligence" on Mars is upset and does not mind that one of the lowest life forms, the gigantic amoeba, is attacking the investigators. The actor is not too impressive. Especially Mohr had a very annoying technique, saying a row and then suddenly bursting into a huge mess that always slipped me - reminded me of it! Terror From Beyond Space. The end is relatively climatic; do not expect huge revelations after "more expeditions" with frozen weapons called Cleo.
