Practically the only other actor who is likely to play Evel Knieval as Hamilton is Anthony Perkins, but somehow Hamilton is likely to be able to trigger a relatively effective image (and as a film producer) or tell him not that part!) The early life of a unique motorcyclist is said to be here are a number of setbacks. The film opens with a rather foolish prologue to Hamilton, his white leather, a star-spangle gear that illuminates the world according to Kniev, as if to say, "Don't worry. This film is from my youth, but I'll be back in my familiar costume at the end of the picture." but still licking your wounds from the previous one as a committed husband Lyon both supports and abduct him. She resembles a variety of childhood and criminals teenage vignettes with her early years as a stuntrattur and flourishing celebrity. This flip-flop approach is quite steep and sometimes divorced, but it prevents the film from sticking to one of its inexpensive kits for too long, or getting into fairly pedestrians. Hamilton, usually suave and debonair persona, does a very good job of setting the small details of his subject's habits and behavior, including his walking. Her hair is brighter and longer, and she works hard to give her speech the right direction. (He even pays a small tribute to many of Kniev's injuries when he appears in a dirty towel, while his shoulders are "scars" as a result of many accidents.) Face, he looks like a real cyclist, but he recommends him in his physical performance. Lyon is great when she plays a young girl she loves and then a more earthly woman, although her 3-pack daily voice threatens to give her away at any moment. He and Hamilton will pick up a light chemistry that will go a long way in the film. Other nice supporting moves are given by Freed as his healed doctor, Cameron as an early effect and Taylor as a flea-bitten side brush. The film was made with a small budget, but the story is pretty low anyway, so it doesn't affect it too badly. The creators wisely used the actual locations of Butte, Montana to give the film the right little city atmosphere. Several Hamilton antics are fun, though the character is definitely careless and reckless about other people's property! Some real Knieval finished and failed stunts are contained in some vague film material, one of which contains a thoughtful "spray" in which a man is rolled and nailed like a ragnuk. Hamilton then a woman (Stewart) appears briefly as a nurse.
