Well, you may not actually see women in love with this movie, but you will definitely hear women who talk about love, and men who talk about love, and women who talk about men, and men who talk about women, and men talk about men, and all, who speak of death and speak and speak until you want to scream and do something that does not require speaking at all, like paint your bedroom or spend your plants. <br /> <br /> Welcome to the world leader of DH Lawrence, where the highest psycho-babble prevails, and where no one can live a productive life because everything is too busy to talk about how inefficient their lives are. Spending time with D.H. characters. Lawrence's novel is like a closed closet with the most absorbed group of friends you escape when you met at the party. When I read "Women in Love", I desperately wanted it for every single character, but as I couldn't, I hoped they would strangle at least one another. Unfortunately, only one of them dies, not because of strangulation, and I don't break it for you by saying which one of them, if you actually give a damn about this story or some of these people. <br /> <br /> To give his director Ken Russell his deadline, he makes this filmed version as fun as possible to make it a really inconvenient novel. He throws a lot of the psychological mumbo-jumbo that Lawrence adored, and instead focuses on all naughty parts, so we get a lot of hysterical love in bed and in the fields, two Buck naked men wrestling with fire and one embarrassing scene with Alan. Bates (yup, Buck aled again) travels around a meadow that loves shrubs and grass (I'm not kidding). Glenda Jackson won the Oscar for his performance as Gudrun, which is the most dominant story of the two sisters in focus, and he is trying hardest to do that to make this material; someone deserves an Oscar just because he has to wear Russell's decision to give him a scene where he has to dance wildly in front of a mystifying herd of cattle. Oliver Reed has one expression, intense glowing. The whole thing is too much written and excessive, and it's gently dancing. Indeed, it is the "Mommie Dearest" who is perhaps the most unintentionally hysterical movie I've ever seen. <br /> <br /> Rating: D
