"Prom Night" is only the 1980's Slave Flick, which celebrated Jamie Lee Curtis and Leslie Nielsen. This film takes place in the city of Oregon, where Donna (Brittany Snow) goes to her older promoters and herself for some fun after going through some extremely traumatic events in recent years. She and her friends will arrive in the prom, going to a big hotel, and try to enjoy what should be the most fun of their life. Little does anyone know that Donna's past, who haunts her for years, is also with Mrs. ... and is ready to kill someone by her will. <br /> <br /> I am the original Prom Night fan, so I tried to keep a little hope in this movie, but I have to admit that I was quite disappointed. "Prom Night" suffers from the worst afflictions that can be fears, and that is predictability. There are no surprises here, and I felt I had seen all this film tens of times, often better. What does this equate to? Boredom. Of course, if you have never seen any horror movie or are part of a pre-teenage crowd, but most of the audience is likely to be able to guess almost everything that happens. The plot is simplified, but the entire script is void of any type of surprise, twisting, atmosphere or anything, and it really hurts the movie because it never gives the audience something to bite their teeth. It all seemed very sharp. Many people seem to complain that this is also a PG-13 slasher film, and I understand what they say, but I don't think it is impossible to make a good slasher movie with a minimal gore. Take, for example, Carpenter's Halloween - little or no screen violence, but still a very scary and effective movie. You don't have to scare the movie, but even the "Prom Night" was violently violent (which is not, it is very tame), it would still have added a little movie because there is not a lot of scenario to start with. The tensions and tensions are, at best, mild and, to a large extent, I spent the movie to predict the results of the situation, and was about 99% of the time. Our characters are not well-written enough to make the audience connect with them, and their side-effects are routine and careless. <br /> <br /> I draw attention to what I did about this movie because it was not totally useless - the cinema is really nice and everything was very well filmed and pretty stylish. The "jump" fear (which is usually very predictable) was some that were clever. Movie sets are also nice and the hotel is a nice place to open the plot, but it's predictable. As for the example, it is mediocre best. Brittany Snow plays the lead well, but indeed the talent doesn't show much of the rest. Johnathan Schaech plays the offender and is probably the most experienced performer here, but even he is not so impressive. I liked what he played, a nice change from a typical "masked stalker" type of killer we see a lot. As for the end, the last fifteen minutes of the film had a dull end and it was very anti-climactic. <br /> <br /> Overall, "Prom Night" was a disappointment. Everything was very numbered, routine and predictable, which is somewhat disturbing, given that it had the potential to be a decent film. There were a couple of exciting moments, but the film had no tension or atmosphere and had little plot development or incredible signs. I would recommend saving money to flavored horror fans and wait until it is rented on or instead of the video, because there are no surprises here. Some may find little entertainment in this, but it was too predictable for my taste. I waited better and left the theater very disappointed. 3/10.
