Can you say that Lew Grade's output is a mile away? clearly British style; epic concept; international letters marked by peoples; they are usually set in exotic clones. This is the formula used by Grade and his company ITC in the early 1980s in the early 1980s, resulting in titles like Eagle landing, Firepower and Raise The Titanic! In 1977, March Or Die was produced, a remarkably old-fashioned alien legion adventure that shapes all the above-mentioned qualities. The director is usually dependable Dick Richards? who, a few years ago, led the famous Farewell My Lovely, is a disappointing disappointment. <br /> <br /> In the near future, a foreign legionary company headed by a tough disciplinary General Foster (Gene Hackman) will be sent to Morocco. After World War I, their mission is to protect the dedicated archaeological parties of Francois Marneau (Max Von Sydow). Archaeologists are excavating in the ancient city of Erfoud, but are afraid of an Arab tribe attack after the destruction of an earlier archaeological group. Foster not satisfied with the assignment? he does not consider historical objects worthy of his men to endanger his life. This creates a constant tension between himself and Marneau, who believes that legionaries should sacrifice their lives so that digging can be done. Problems arise as a beautiful woman named Simone Picard (Catherine Deneuve) with legionnaires. He hopes to find out what happened to his father, the robbed historian of the Arabs, when they consecrated the first archaeological team. His presence creates a desire among legionnaires, not more than a Gypsy thief Marco Segrain (Terence Hill), a charming and bold cheatman who initially shows indifference to his legionary colleagues, but is gradually growing as he grows. Things are going through a huge battle in Erfoud, where Arab tribes are united to load a handful of legionnaires because they are desperately trying to protect their lives. <br /> <br /> Starred by Gene Hackman and Terence Hill seems to be a paper mismatch? Hackman is a hard-won Oscar winning character actor, Hill's beautiful but limited Italian heart beat from many low-budget spaghetti west. It is assumed that Hackman will start running his opponent next to the screen. Yet, odd, is Hackman, who delivers weak and engaging performance, while Hill raises his game to a surprisingly high level. The film strikes attractively in desert areas, but it is slow to slow and some characters are worth it. Maurice Jarre's music is also a rare apartment? very disappointing who gave us the Lawrence Of Arabia score. It is noteworthy that somebody was nervous to try this type of old-fashioned adventure in the 1970s (a genre that reached the height of the 1930s and was forgotten in the mid-decade). Sorry, I can't manage to play? this respect for the legions of old legionnaires becomes a plod rather than a march.
