"New Best Friend" is the second entry to "steal another woman's life" in sub-genre; the best of them are "single white woman" and "hand holding the cradle"; The worse is that you can catch a lifetime channel almost every afternoon. For some reason, this identity theft only happens to women. <br /> <br /> There are only two basic ways of doing this. You can start a woman at the beginning of evil and let the audience consciously observe when she magnifies and implements her evil scheme. Or you are using the wrong orientation to make him good people, because a series of seemingly unplanned events will break in his favor until it becomes evil in weather conditions. Unfortunately, "New Best Friend" makers couldn't decide how they wanted to play it and crash and burn early. We first meet Alicia (Mia Kirshner), who cheats the College's financial support office for scholarships. We now know that he is a bad person and he is following all his subsequent activities with suspicion. But the manager and the editor probably forgot that this revelation had been made and spent the wrong 50 minutes to think that Alicia was a good person. It introduces the only relationship not whether it is evil, but when the director and the editor understand and end their waste of time with a transparent wrong direction. <br /> <br /> "New Best Friend" is more than ever suffering from the curse of teenage film that is too old to portray students. There are really only two major parts, Hadley (Meredith Monroe) and Alicia (Kirshner). At the time of production, they were 31 and 26. It works for almost 26-year-old Kirshner when he plays Alicia's mousy version, but it becomes outstanding when he becomes a glamed-up version of Alicia. Casting Monroe is just a joke like trying Nicholette Sheridan as a "Lizzie McGwire" classmate. He sees the mid-life crisis much closer than some newspapers. <br /> <br /> Manufacturers have to pay a lot of debt because this age problem extends to most supportive characters. Taye Diggs, who plays the sheriff of the city, is younger than most students. <br /> <br /> The main setting is that Hadley and two other rich party girls (played by Dominque Swain-age 21 and Rachel True-35) are in college at the base. They share (as their pupil's residence) a manor that is more beautiful and well-furnished than a mansion in Real World-New Orleans (a prerequisite that is more plausible than football mothers who play with students). Alicia moves to the manor and will take over Hadley's life. At least in this way, Swain gets her generation from her generation, so both can have a lesbian scene. Swain's supporting power is the only good thing in "New Best Friend" and his love scene with Kirshner is fantastic, so cool and artistic that it doesn't fit with any other segment, maybe it was a good outsourcer and Unintentionally Fun Story the foolish setbacks of foolish sexual and non-popular parties, each of which went to the hospital bed with a comedic Alicia. About half of Kirshner's screen time is immobile in the mouth. Mia is not a good career. <br /> <br /> Then what do I know? I'm just a child.
