We see the corpse of the body of the body, where the coroner tries to close her eyes, but whatever she tries to do, they would not remain open. After that we move on to the future and we follow a group of former school friends who hide a terrible secret, but suddenly they start to take over one another. Through the setbacks we learn about the terrible suicide of this shy girl who was trying to be one of the groups, but she was turned off by them because they dug her past and discovered some strange events. So, is he back for revenge? <br /> <br /> What a great and always spooky story! Well, that's what I was hoping to say. And the "hope" was as good as he got. This is a forgotten, so supernatural horror flick that I actually watched before, but I thought it was my first viewing. So, to my surprise, it hit me when I started to go to certain things, but as I said, it is a pretty forgetful mix that he felt again at first sight. "Nightmare" is just another type of field that adds "few" changes to the comb. Oh, please give me something that is a bit fresher. It does not have to be completely original, but it is one of the most formal and from time to time quite tired of the J-horror flick. Although it runs along the usual ghost story, which means you thought right, with a look of evil, a charming chick spirit. Old, Same Old Story and Jolt It is one entertainment, if it is a harsh and slightly dull vision, deaths are vividly displayed with bite and originality. a scene that includes a one-girl terror, is a blood-bursting experience, but really when it doesn't try to shock you, I found it quite coma-inducing and I thought I could close my eye. there were no moments between these shocks. It could be said that because the supposed secret is not really one, the uncertain story is just flat and the characters are a self-centered bunch that you don't really care about what happens to them. The separated story should have focused more on the spirit than on those of the blessed characters who have one convincing group relationship. It just overcame his cards, becoming too confused and taking too long to go that when it is the culmination, it's just ridiculous. However, the haunted end of the film is a high point. <br /> <br /> The film looks good even though it could have been done without snazzy, fast editing without fire and the music score was a bit overwhelming when playing the mood. The performances are on a fine line, but Gyu-ri Kim is in the lead. <br /> <br /> This is nothing new and will shatter the ideas shamelessly, but if you can look at the past, it offers some disgust. Although I found it to be quite lethargic, despite the oddly effective chills. I think it's a normal effort, but it's still trivial.
