In Sholay, Ram Gopal Verma starts what can be called an unknown territory where the blocker takes a new shape. Thakur goes south.Mohanla, as a Narsimha police inspector whose family has been killed, is looking for Madrid-style revenge. The emphasis is entirely on South India, unlike north of Thakur. The interruption of Thakuri's hands with Gabbar is also cut into the fingers of Aag. So the cost is reduced because there is no effort to hide your hands, but only long shoulder pads for shoulders for cut fingers. Moreso's climax, where Thakur uses his legs and says "Hi Liye is just a couple of hi-kaha sharks". Babban, gabbar's new avtar is also different. He's not Bihar or UP. He's Bambaiya. This time, Gabbar's notorious smile is in two parts and it is more modest. Babban asks for Diwali instead of Holi and Urmilat with Helen for Mehboob. he also dances and enjoys dancing with Abhisheh, who plays Jalal Agha Mehbooba. He throws an apple and asks Isaac Newton to discover the laws of gravity. Basanti is verbose as Auto Driver Ghungroo. Nisha Kothari can't play a car driver and seems too artificial using words like "entertainment" and "too much" with homosexual abandonment. Viru was fun, while Ajay Devgun is wrong for that role. God talks about the Basant incident and the shots and the Koi Haseena song and water tank sequences are painful. The water tank becomes a well and drunken Devgun is so bad that the audience would have wanted to commit suicide. Jai was drawn up and serious. Prashant Raj is better than the others because we don't expect anything from him. But he also falls into the Mausi queue. She's not as romantic as Jai's mouth with the organ. Jaya's role in Sushmita makes a career. This time a clean housewife will become a doctor if she is a full-time social service after the death of her husband. He also has no pain Jaya showed. His flirtations with Jai are more open this time. This time Samba gets a bigger role in Tambe. He doesn't have to mark the weapons this time and answer Gabbar's questions. He follows Babban wherever he goes and is a bodyguard with more visibility outside. Horses give way to Jeeps and a car. The Gabbar's hiding place is changing and Ramgarh is becoming Kaliganj. All in all, it is more of a fraud than anything else. RGV presents its classical interpretation. But we remember the original so well after three decades that our mind does not accept stylized versions and changed dialogues. So we call it fraud. So Mr.RGV (Sholay) and Farhan Akhtar (Don) and JPDutta (Umrao jaan) stop making remixes and start making originals.
