Okay. So I just got back. Before I start my review, let me tell you one thing: I wanted to like this movie. I know I've been negative in the past, but I was hoping to be surprised and really come to the movie pleasantly. I didn't. It's not just the fact that every imaginable horror lover is in it. And it's not just the fact that they make every little thing jump-off (getting to the bottom of the baseball bat? It wasn't just scary. One of the things I was surprised was more blood than I thought there was. He's coming ... goes up. The camera pans his father on a dead couch. He's going upstairs, where the above baseball arena is. Killer comes, Donna hides under the bed, her mother dies. She runs outside the scream. Killer behind her: "I made it for us. imagined - and mentions how nightmares have started to come back. It completes the dialogue. <br /> <br /> This chase was quite fast. There are few scenes in the salon, they go to the hotel. She fled 3 days ago, but the police / family was not informed before she was). More filler added. <br /> <br /> I'm not going to go about what happens in the movie because I don't want to spoil it too much. If you want to know who is dying, Horror_Fan posted a post on it. But about deaths: they weren't so exciting. People in the theater laughed loudly (the experience I've never had in a horror movie, not even the A Stranger calls) during many of them. One especially: a bus driver who gives the most fun "scared" face I've ever seen. The only death associated with any blood was Lisa and it was quite a few. His cucumber is trimmed, the blood (if you even call it it was practically black) crushes the curtain. The only other blood was Clairel when we saw her body. Apparently Fenton decided to die a few times after him. All right? The film was one of the hardest I've ever seen. Let's look here .. mandatory tight mirror-curtain-BOOM! scene. Check it out. Twice, actually (you could say they fight). Obligatory concealment. Check it out. There's also the back of the lamp, but you've seen it all. You say you want the birds to fly? Well, you got it! (Yes, they managed to add one of them here). And, of course, we-we-security-on-all-exit-but-it-still-escaped scene. Should I go further? I could. <br /> <br /> For anyone who says the characters aren't stupid, are you kidding me? "Oh, although the massive disorder rings, literally saying: PLEASE VACATE BUILDING and 3 my friends are gone, I go up to my wrap." These characters were some of the worst and stupid characters. The only pleasant sign - Lisa - made one of the fool's movements in one movie. "Oh, I just realized that the psycho-teacher is here! I have to stay behind my strong boy to warn him! Oh, shoot, the elevator is slow? Guess I'll take the stairs and go to the construction site!" Ugh. At the end of the movie, they all deserved it. The only death that someone felt regrettable was Donna's boy (I don't even remember his name - is it so bad?) And by that time, the audience was completely empty of this tiny, cliché movie. There were some positive ones - the actor was mostly decent and well photographed. But that's about it. <br /> <br /> I would give it 1/5 and it's generous. Just laugh (and believe me, the audience was few) and Brittany Snow. <br /> <br /> Oh, and the reaction was bad. Very bad. After the movie ended, people were bowed down and after that the buzz was very negative. Wait for bad feet for this.
