I can't adapt enough words to describe the horror I felt in the cinema watching Ramgopal's Varma Ki Aag, director's endeavor to applaud that classic Bollywood, Sholay, west. The biggest problem with a sure remake is that it doesn't even try to make a reliable movie. In every frame of this movie, it is obvious that the heart of Varma is not just that. What you see on the screen is, at best, a bad joke, a filmmaker's trick, and it's painful to see what he actually shows about the film he claims to have been a fan of all his life. I've seen many bad movies over the years, but I don't remember any torture to sit like that. Think of yourself as very brave if you can keep the whole movie alive, as it will test your patience as some movies have been before. The property can be rented from the original film of its plot and character, but its version is small and hollow and has no Sholay spirit and energy. Ramgopal Varma Ki Aag is actually a glimpse of this timeless legacy, as it turns out to be what the original TV was not - top-over-the-top, too long-too boring and totally pointless. Palma's beloved moments from Sholay show Varma and you want to twist your neck. One of the most memorable scenes in Sholay, where Dharmendra as Veeru climbs over the waterway and threatens to jump down to his death, is turned around in this film by Ajay Devgan, who plays the hero, pulling the gun with his head, threatening to shoot himself down. How you want it to be triggered and rescued us all in embarrassment. Not only does Ramgopal Varma Ki Aag fail as Sholay remake, it's a pretty bad effort even as an independent film. The damaging background effect of headphones sounds more than someone boiling ships, and camera-work alternates between dramatic and head-to-head. The partners of this terrible crime that bring the screen of this ridiculous movie are mostly dead wood actors. Sushmita Sen as Devi's widow takes her role and film too seriously, moving her lines in pauses, reaching the camera to make it work, and generally dependent on her life. Mohanlal, as Narsimha, is struggling with his Hindi dialogue and it seems embarrassing that he is giving some of his more stupid lines to his striking career. The innovator Prashant Raj, who plays the Raj equivalent of Jai, does not act and cannot attack any of the intensity that Amitabh Bachchan brought to the original film. When the hero Veeru, Ajay Devgan is completely desperate, unhappy comedy attempts. But the weakest link in the movie, the most shocking decision, is Nisha Kothari as Ghunghroo, who goes to Holes Malin's shoes like Basant, who is a nice head for Sholay. Nisha Kothari is not only the worst actor in this country, but maybe the biggest actor in the world, it gives the word an annoying new meaning, and she makes you cut your wrists every time she's on the screen. And then Amitabh Bachchan has played Babban Singh, Ramgopal Varma's version of the most popular cable Gabbar Singh from Hindi Cinema. The only actor in this ensemble who recognizes the top tone of the film and plays along it, builds a breathtaking character who is fond of watching. He's meant to be a comic book that despises and sneaks and hisses and hams, and he does all the best. But because he is trapped in such a dead company, his performance does not really help to raise the film in any way. No surprises, I'm going from ten zeros and two thumbs to Ramgopal Varma Ki Aagi, this is one of those painful movie viewing experiences that you wouldn't even hurt. It's not like Varma hasn't done a remake before. With Sarkar, he gave us the smart, thrilling key The Godfather, and it is a pity that he made this Sholay a very beloved classic. Ramgopal Varma Ki Aag is his hardest career deal, it's also a dark place to restart. I suspect that this film will fall in the film's history like Ramgopal Varma Ka Daag.
