The drama that is at its core, "Anna" shows that the true truth is that all participants age and sometimes disappear. Anna has a character that believes that America is her safety net, her home, and she can't do her wrong? but he refuses to despise the work he does not believe. She's a hard life, optimistic, stubborn and arrogant when it comes to her life, but she's not afraid to let other people, but put them in for a moment. Give flip flops between personalities, making this movie an aging star ideal, but not an audience idea. "Anna" is praised for her star Sally Kirkland and her ability to get the "grungy" role, but for a month in 2008, "Anna" will not remain the main feature of film culture. It is dated, boring and formally chaotic. <br /> <br /> Director Yurek Bogayevicz has a hidden message inside Czech Republic about Czechoslovakian lies, both politically and socially, but Kirkland refuses to let her go. Bogayevicz is not afraid to play with the camera, use wooden frames to make Kirkland stand out, and he is not afraid to reduce the surrounding characters, so when you drive away from the movie, you remember Kirkland. If this is not obvious, this film didn't sit well with me. From the opening and the deep second of the first piece, "Anna" seemed like a high school theater production. The characters were nonexistent, there was no enlightening pre-story, and there was no definition of time or place. There was Sally Kirkland, stubbornly saying he was better than other actors living the same lifestyle he wanted. Accidentally, he meets a friend, a young girl who has also traveled far to get to America for brilliant and glamorous, and two of them (within 20 minutes) build a friendship that can break all walls. It is emotionally boring and incredible. Again, we meet randomly with Anna's friend Daniel (played by the weak Robert Fields) who doesn't give a definition or character to the table? only to increase attention to Anna Kirkland. For almost two hours, let's see that more random actions with unnamed characters intertwine to create a story that is loosened by threads? and SALLY KIRKLAND. Arg, it's painful to say that, but "Anna" could have been a fantastic movie, where Bogayevicz gave Anna, Daniel and Krystina an equal time, but we are forced to play a one-sided game where emotional scenes speak no more than Is this a place where did Charlize Theron find inspiration for her lesser role in "Monster" or Halle Berry "Monster's Ballis"? Was Sally Kirkland one of the early actors who discovered that if you wanted to get into a character, Oscar shines in its own direction? Throughout this movie, I was outraged at the portrayal of Kirkland for Anna and Bogayevicz's enthusiasm for something else. Bogayevicz gives us Anna, who doesn't work hard for her parts, doesn't care about others and makes sense in general? but do we have to feel compassion for him? At the beginning of the movie, he comes to what he wants to do with others, and gets upset when he doesn't do his way. Of course, aging actors like them, but Kirkland creates a childlike character rather than a mature one. Then Anna would have been able to fix it. If it were mature Kirkland, I would have worshiped it, but it was impossible to believe this enchanting childlike Anna. Although my favorite scene was close to the end where Anna was going to see one of her older movies playing (including the absurd make-out characters) and the movie was burning, this scene is my least favorite. Anna has made herself a phenomenal life, creating films and building a dream, but if someone else wants to get into the spotlight, she gets jealous and outraged. It didn't give the character I wanted to stand and win Oscare. Along with the classic 80's background synthesizer, is the outrageous upper wardrobe and shifted end (where did it come from and what happened?)? "Anna" slid into an amazing cinema. It was an exhibition game, an opportunity for an aging star to take turns in the world. It worked in that, but I don't think I'm cheating again. <br /> <br /> In general, I can't say that this movie has impressed me. "Anna" is not a movie about an aging movie star; it's about Sally Kirkland and only Sally Kirkland. Bogayevicz tries to do more of this story, but he can't, because Kirkland does not allow him or he simply understands that a complete story is not enough. In this movie, there are one or two decent scenes, but not something that promotes this movie as innovative or influential. Bogayevicz didn't create a character that the audience would believe, tear or devote to Sunday afternoon? he made a resentment. Kirkland was not Anna, she was an actor who played a little redundant and tough on the sides. Maybe I missed the scope of this movie, but what works like this is the collaboration of all involved parties. It wasn't like that. "Anna" told Kirkland to act on Daniel as a dog (apparently a symbolic act), but during the entire emotional scene I couldn't help but think it was what Kirkland had in the kit. He didn't make it into a movie, he made it into his own production and because of that "Anna" failed. Can't I recommend it to anyone? from one Czech to another? Skip it! <br /> <br /> Rating: * ½ ***** (for this irritating theater scene that pulled me out)
