First of all, I started to look at this example with my friends during 2003 or 2004. Of course I was younger and enjoyed some fun about this show. I was 11 in 2003 and I am 14 years (2007). Although my age is likely to play an important role in evaluating this exhibition, after reading the other reviews I have seen that after the third season, this exhibition fell into tubes. I agree. This exhibition is unpleasant, repetitive, and usually focuses on the same plot. <br /> <br /> The exhibition revolves around Timmy Turner, who was given two Fairy Godparents, because his life was basically terrible - his parents were never around and he had a nasty babysitter. The whole plot's plot is that this child (Timmy) and his worship always want some destruction that can't be avoided with another wish, because something in "Da Rules" says they can't. There are many lines in the exhibition that are constantly being repeated, such as "magic can't really love, crush the super-toilet", or even some funny jokes that Nickelodeon was supposed to be funny and decided to put the episode at different times. <br /> <br /> The exhibition is aimed at children under 10 years of age as it involves serious situations and "child humor" that most children of my age do not care about. The choice of voice option could also have been better. Timmy has an extremely loud, gentle, feminine voice like Cosmo. Wanda sounds like an old lady. Timmy's father sounds like an announcer or a playman, Timmy's mother's voice is too exaggerated to listen to feminine. Attitudes of this exhibition are: in some episodes, Timmy talks back and acts spoiled and snobbish. Wanda is probably smart and wise. Cosmo is stupid, stupid and incapable of thinking like Timmy's father. Timmy's mother seems to end up doing Timmy's father. <br /> <br /> The exhibition is too far from reality to get my liking. Perhaps as a younger boy, I saw more humor in this show, but when I grow up, it really gets old. And not sound admit or "trashing", but the show isn't that mentality that makes you want to make killing action characters. Such an exhibition must be your attitude when you know what I mean. If not, it is basically nasty for you.
