When I first saw the Prom Night trailer, I have to admit that the trailer seemed good and like it would be a fun movie. So my friend and I saw Prom Night last night and I have to say I have to grow up because it was such a ridiculous movie, not to mention being so sick and tired of typical scary movies, where it is an excuse to frighten people out of loud noise. There were no tensions, characters, how did I take care of them? They had no development what ever was, killer! My God, it was probably the most stupid killer of serums ever to exist, I know it's a movie, but why should a person who ever (or at least we know) killed, previously a girl's family and friends that she is just obsessed? I was wondering if he was going to rob him or would he kill him? I have no idea, because this movie was not meaningful and it is too predictable and offensive to the fans of real fears. <br /> <br /> The Donna family was murdered by her teacher, who has become very obsessed with her, imprisoned. It has been 3 years and now it is peace in its life. But the killer has escaped and he still has Donna's mind, he follows him to his prom, which means that his friends and hotel maid and bell are bad news because it is such a good idea to kill a boy and a boy so that no one becomes suspicious to check where these employees are. Donna is in great trouble because this killer, who is clearly a human being, can probably get into houses where they do not notice, and can kill people so quietly, simply, wow. <br /> <br /> Sorry, I really wanted to love this movie, we haven't had a good slip for a long time, but it was just a stupid movie I didn't have. The situations were unbelievable and the actors were reluctant. I know it was a PG-13 movie, but I just love how someone was robbed dead and have just a little blood on clothes? Not to mention boreholes? I would not recommend this movie to anyone if you are not doing this film for teenagers, not for adults, not for those who know the real horror film, do not blame those who enjoyed this movie, but I do not understand how anyone would get it. <br /> <br /> 2/10
