The soloist has all the ingredients to impress the Academy. His director Joe Wright has already written the best image candidate. Leading Actor Robert Downey Jr. He played in a widely acclaimed superhero movie. Finally, the film itself is a drama. When it was released mysteriously at the end of 2008, the filmmakers and critics were confused. Now, as I see it, I assure you that Universal did not simply postpone this movie to promote Iron Man-Oscar. The soloist has a weak drama without an external conflict that is much worse than any of the best 2009 image candidates. Joe Wright is largely guilty, but even he can't save a lifetime story. Many movies are too complex and alienate viewers. It is unusually simple. This is a film from a newspaper reporter, Steve Lopez (Downey), who interacts with homeless musicians Nathaniel Ayers (Jamie Fox). That's it. Ayers are schizophrenic and do not affect Lopez's traditional attitude towards friendship. Two of them become friends. They start this film as acquaintances and at the end they are BFFs. The tension is made up of such moments: will Ayers let Lopez take it to the homeless shelter? This material would be more suitable as a television production than a feature film. <br /> <br /> Wright contains a lot of cheap humor to hide the lack of content. Lopez struggles with the outdoor flames that I consider to be a subset. Do you remember when it happened in conciliation or in pride and prejudice? These films were sufficiently structured to make occasional jokes, but not so long. The Ayers backlash is specified if it doesn't have to be. The worst thing is that these scenes are not connected and appear at random intervals. This is a way to admit that the main story carries little complaint. Nathaniel was a fig boy who had a difficult upbringing (I was too). This is an attempt to create compassion for Ayers when most of us have already done so. He is a homeless schizophrenia who cried out loud! The film gives somehow the love of mankind for music, as Amadeus and Beethoven live up. But it's not as effective as any of these pictures. The whole movie is about Ayers schizophrenia. Finally, it is how it interacts with all other people. Being a musician is a nice touch but hardly worth it. The film does not contain this feature entirely in its personality. Take music from Amadeus or Beethoven's life and don't miss a movie. The soloist has more friendship in general than music. Nathaniel could be a writer or film critic and some lines of dialogue would have changed dramatically. <br /> <br /> This is only Joe Wright's third film and his first non-romantic look at Keira Knightley. We hope that this film does not indicate how limited its capabilities are. His earlier works have stylistic arrows, but the soloist is much weaker than any of them. In its defense, Universal should not agree to the widespread release of this image. This film seems to have been adapted to Imagine Entertainment (Changeling Distributors). I would not be so disappointed with it if I had a limited release. The performance of this bad post office may hinder the spread of better drama within the country.
