Prom Night is captured by an artistic eye, to whom somebody gives the finer touch of a lifetime original text. You know that. In October, Lifetime pauses boldly with the story of a woman who lives over (add here the name of the disease) to tell what a horrible story about a woman being followed by ex-boyfriend. Is this dramatic? is it happy? it is immensely boring. It does not make any kind of genre development, original story or any new freshness. Prom Night shares this situation. Watching the killer's holes in their victims, we sit quietly when they fall on the floor, but not drop the blood. It happened to me that it was the cleanest killer of film history. Think of Matthew McConaughey who comes with a knife. You probably would go? "Oh! A good vision man kills me? Naaaa." Not even scary for seconds, so the director throws Schaech in the shade and over the mirror shoulder. This mirror image is repeated at the point of the disease, as it becomes virtually the creator's fetish. You'll get 15 jumps from this movie, 2 of which made my day jump (I can mention that she's afraid of everything). I also mentioned that he decided to bother with the film and at one point threatened to leave me. <br /> <br /> Because this film would not be loose enough, it seems to have been cut into chips. I'm not saying that it looks like the key points were left on the floor of the cutting room because the team was messing up to save some of the horror similarities; I say the movie moves from scene to scene, you can often jump. This is the kind of thing you expect when a movie tries to fire and the projector is forced to stop, cross his finger and hope for the best. The editor should be let. <br /> <br /> With the plot you can pack two sentences, one stray blood, an emo killer and a very special episode of "Silver Spoons," we tension. Leave it again for no reason to support this weekend at least on the big screen. In fact, this is a film that should be punished. Is it really so hard to make a scary movie? Did that team even know that they made a horror movie? It's a waste of my time and yours. I'll get you this review. Don't let my victim be in vain. DON'T GET IN THE FILM !!!
