If you put this DVD player in your player and hit "play", you will experience a brief silence and you will see a black screen as the laser is driven to the correct starting point in the center. CHERISH THIS MOMENT. Make sure you have some Tylenol or something (preferably PM, so you can fall asleep) because you have a massive headache after the movie begins. <br /> <br /> With the opening that made me break a little, I thought I'd be fine. Of course, the opening order was a bit awkward for WEE and most jokes gradually fell and it seemed to be a Scream ripoff (by the way, my only smile was Julie Strain's last comment on this scene). But then I knew there were problems ... the opening order was a terrible rock song. During this terrible rock song, I watched over the titles of the DVD chapter and saw things saying "TOPLESS IN BACKYARD!" and "BETTER AS SEX!". I knew what the point of sale for this movie was. <br /> <br /> And this is a sad truth: ONLY good this film is attractive. In addition, it is, unfortunately, a routine film that casts the "innovative" concept of think-tanks, which ends in anyway with counterfeiting. So, the whole movie shows the other way to try to be confusing and this great mystery, but it all just adds that you don't care at all and leave you feeling that you don't care about some of the characters. When I think that the main character of the film has murdered an innocent woman, do you know her full compassion when she fears her life? Scream effects are spread all over, ghost face killer and some really terrible jokes. We also treat the main character's scenes who talk to their mother and father (Lloyd Kaufman, the only other cool part of the movie!) About abortion or something. Uh. Yeah ... It's not "so bad, it's a good" movie, it's just BAD. <br /> <br /> Someone compared it to Troma, but ... you know, most of the movies that come from the full moon (or the threshold of that film proves) are terrible. Not terrible in the sense of Troma - I've seen a lot of Troma movies and I can honestly say that they all offer something, something you can walk around and talk to friends later. But this movie doesn't have much to enjoy. Beware.
