The killer, wearing a white mask and a black coat of plastic, kills the friends of the Hollywood producer Shawn Banning (Danny Wolske) who asked for their position when someone sliced ​​opened their former employer on the chest. Perhaps the psychopath is a newly hired Maddy (Dabbie Rochon), an attractive, beautifull haired beauty with a troubled family past afflicted with nightmares. Shawn and his friends are playing Madd's practical fun with the supposed murder club they started when each member chose to kill. When Maddy accidentally murders a woman in a parking house, because that person put it in the car, she finds that Shawn's palms pulled her chain. But Shawn and his comrades are worried that Maddy has promised to commit the murder and to consider turning it into a true power. Deciding to wait for a definite decision, every member of Maddy will fall into the suspected white-hidden psycho, since he has already died. Or is anyone else behind these murders? Low budget manager, headed by Charles Band, whose gore murders can't convince. Many tits on screen and Allen Nabors buggy character Chris can attract those who have low expectations. The murder also includes a bowel opening in the bowel, a slit neck, an electric wiring that is thrown into a pool that escapes a woman who had a full day of escape, an ax buried on the back of a male victim, and all over the top, a couple bending over their rope during a rope (for extra effect, the killer uses the plug as an additional bumper to rotate the rope as tightly as possible. There are enough holes in the plot to drive the truck, for example why are Maddil murderers, how he could kill someone so violently ( .. with whole blood), ending up in bed without leaving the crimes that easily affect him, and how Shawn could go so long as to allow him to continue working in the company, regardless of what he said about the murder, and the constant desire to join the supposed The club that doesn't do it. t exists. <br /> <br /> What I was struggling with was the film's desire wonder somehow sympathize with this female protagonist who wanted to kill the club, but later she declared unhappy. The film's structure is as possible as a psycho of Maddy's entire past. His family abandoned his abortion. He has darkened and always brought scenes of crime. In many slashes, the one who is most likely to be the killer, often the red herring, but this film goes out to point finger at Maddy. When the twist happens, we're left to Maddy, but we know she's not on the head. It's tough to sell this chick. However, he is pleased with the man's army shirt. And Rochon is not afraid to let his puppies breathe. Low budget horror fans get out of the way to see a cult Brinke Stevens as a religious fanatic mother preaching what Maddy did, calling her a murderer when Lloyd Kaufman, the beloved producer of Troma, is not the father of the word-wise to protect her daughter whom he really cares about. The culture siren Julie Strain has small squirrels showing her tits (of course) when the opening murdered a man's girlfriend, getting her head hammered. Oh, and see the office where Shawni works, you see many walls full of stains and works of art.
