One of the most common entries in the "goofs" category is anachronism. Although I believe that anachronism and other horses are more acceptable in very good films, they are even ignored, but found in rotten films in the front and middle. KISS THEM ME ME is a purulent film and anachronism reek, but looking closely at it, I found almost something specifically anachronistic. <br /> <br /> Aircraft taking pictures of the movie have definitely failed. The transport of a large 4 engine, seen after the title "Honolulu 1944", appears to be post-war C-97 Stratofreighter (in MATS colors). The battle platforms that saw the carrier dropping off were Douglas Skyraiders, who started working after WW2 and became famous in Vietnam. <br /> <br /> But apart from these two films and of course hairstyles, everything else is a very likely period of authentic. It just "feels" so wrong. I'm a Stanley Donen admirer, we have the same birthday. His driving direction (1949) is the end of a car ride, where the police are still driving Ford in 1949/50, but it is not the slightest feeling that it is in the WW2 film. In fact, as I later thought, there is nothing that says it should be a WW2 movie. It just knows it. Based on the war of Broadway music based on ballet (Fancy Free), which may be the basis for the work of artist Paul Cadmus (The Fleet's In! 1934), which is an excellent film of sailors in the 24-hour New York City and, in the case of heavy-duty connections, he thought it happens during the war, but these modern cars do nothing to break the spell. <br /> <br /> The first problem is the old Cary Grant. Although it is too old to represent the Navy SBD Diving Bomber pilot, it is a Hollywood tradition like Grant, Gary Cooper (Lou Gehrig), Jimmy Stewart (Charles Lindbergh) to play the younger. It was his role, not his age. He plays the operator when they called them. A man who does things and interrupts all rules, doing it, admires and loves it. Hustler. Bicycle Dealer. Character of the comedy de rigueur service. Grant is a comic book center, which should ultimately be a comedy that contradicts his comedy style. <br /> <br /> Thinking back to the big Grant comics, like BRINGING UP BABY (1938) or Older LASK (1944), and it's a big reactor whose comedy needs to be reduced from its context to dignity in an inert jelly. In KISS, it is expected to be a comic spark plug that is not just her. People were already in contact with the type, the last comic for Phil Silvers as Sgt. Bilko on television. This role would later be enhanced by James Garner, but here Grant is not just funny and seems to be cumbersome to get his way aggressively pushing his Cary Grantnes as cajoling and finessing. <br /> <br /> But the thing that really smells like a place for an anachronism is leading women. Fifty-year-old women can no longer be seen as Suzy Parker and Jayne Mansfield. They are unique for a decade. Marilyn Monroe can be placed in continuity with Carole Lombard and Marie Wilson and any number of fools, and Grace Kelly was another high-level dame (think of Mary Astor), but never would have been an anatomically exaggerated woman in films such as Mansfield. Of course there were WW2 "sweaters" (eg Lana Turner), but Mansfield stretched this point. Suzy Parker was a model that changed the model business, which changed the dummy like a first natural girl who moved and whose personality was captured by the camera (see FUNNY FACE (1957), also Stanley Donen). <br /> Of course, with a 50-year-old style, it seems that the "nature" party has a lot of gender mixing, but never at all (think of the 50s Bachelor-Dad or Bob Cummings, where shows where men covered with dinner were only returned from "dates" ”). The original book, which I have not read, was published during the war and appeared at the end of the war on Broadway, and the nuances of the situation have to be indispensable for today's readers and target groups, but decayed, bowed, and recovered a decade later and fatally failed, this forgotten blemish remains an exemplary career until the invention of the VCR and cable TV raised this hardened turkey. So here's the lesson here. it is neglected by a big movie like CITIZEN KANE (who actually hears Charles Foster Kane saying "Rosebud"?) and can withstand a fun dreck like WESTWORLD (why were robots alive in ammunition first?), but in an absolutely disappointed movie, even if the horses are really nonexistent .
