Mel Brooks's dubious comedy persuaded: "Completely Moses!" tries to take the Bible's story of Moses and have fun with what results in the most inconvenient biblical spoof that has ever been filmed. Dudley Moore and Laraine Newman are on a Holy Land bus ride when they stumble through an old cave cave. There they read the story of Herschel and Zerelda, also played by Moore and Newman. Herschel's life equals Moses. He was sent down the river to find Pharaoh's family while Moses was. Herschel's father, late James Coco, becomes Herschel's slave after the Herschel rescue, and works as a sculptor. Finally, Herschel arrives at Pharaoh as an astronomer, is exiled and comes to the flock of Moses. Herschel and Moses are legal brothers, married sisters and Herschel thinks God has chosen him to liberate his people in Egypt. Of course, Moses got a divine word, but Herschel misunderstood. I stop here to laugh hysterically ... pause ... anyway, the rest of the movie is a series of badly written scenes that include Moore and actors who perform "special performances". These scenes don't move the plot forward, they bring a little bit of grinding. <br /> <br /> Jack Gilford plays tailor work. Dom DeLuise may have three lines when he meets Herschel in the desert. John Houseman is the archangel, just giving the same lines he gave to The Paper Chase. David L. Lander is a fake blind man by Herschel. Andrea Martin is one of Zerelda's sisters. I wasn't sure who Madeline Kahn was going to be, she would drive to Herschel and had about an hour and a half on the screen. John Ritter plays a very unpleasant fuck. Richard Pryor has one Pharaoh scene, but obviously it was shot at a different time from the Moore scene because the two didn't appear on the screen together! Finally, Zerelda becomes the destruction of the new Sodom, ha ha. Herschel writes ten commandments and gives them to Moses who is in all glory. In the last scenario, the scriptwriter decides to try to save this low film by taking Herschel as a feed for God. God comes out as a powerful tempter who led Herschel into his own entertainment, speaking only through him to give him ten commandments. We even have a Zerelda quip "God works in a mysterious way", thus apologizing for everyone's very Christian behavior during the film. <br /> <br /> This movie is not funny. There's a nary laugh that can be found everywhere. At least Monty Python created many questions about the life of Jesus on many of the established principles of the "Brian of Life", but humor consists of poo poo jokes and stars that constantly collide with his head. This makes Mel Brooks look like Merchant / Ivory. Church teachers are not offended by the attitude of the film to religion, but by exposing the film to the impression of its personality (I know not the word), which they probably do not know. "Completely Moses!" is totally bad and embarrassing for all concerned. I suggest you read the book instead. <br /> <br /> It's rated (PG) for some physical violence, embarrassment, sexual references, and adult situations.
