What is the entire trash. Despite the fact that the film's action revolves around the planes, you think writers / producers / directors (or ANYONE!) Would do some homework at least for some detail. The mistakes were so prominent that at the end of the movie I was smoke. Here are just a few: I'm glad I left the SR-71 sequence - it's definitely worse than the Air Force One F-117 spectrum. Commercial airline logos are usually painted on aircraft, not BOEING 747? probably the use of some Boeing advertising / promotional material (cheap) by the driver. The wiring harnessed to the uncovered wiring is at best in medium house wiring, much less than the $ 1 million aviation wiring harness. Airplanes, such as 747, rely solely on pressure rather than supplying the ship with oxygen to keep breathing air, and if they rely on the equipment on board, the canister would be much larger than the fist size. The medical tape is not suitable for threaded hose connection. These were F-16s, NOT F-15s. The static motor with raised lift is difficult to achieve machine 1+ (sound speed) (see airspeed indicator). "Standard Shaping" is just one nautical mile formation, "route" formation is what they flew - not the most useful form of eavesdropping. "Getting rocket locks" is unlikely to get the pilot's attention - they have no radar detection or countermeasures. "Wait until my signal" is not air traffic communication to prepare something to come down. The pressure of opening a door that opens during a flight is not an immediate abrupt left bank. Listening to the headset does not change it. Magnetic titles are "titles", not "bearings" and titles are between 001 and 360 degrees (compasses in the air are like ground compasses!), So turning left (not "port"?) "Camp" 618 to 502 is just stupid . In most cases, is it impossible to simply "turn the yoke left until the correct title is reached"? such a thing brings 360 degree rolls until the yoke is re-centered. The likelihood that an aircraft sender will be immediately involved in finding and successfully involving an autopilot is only slightly higher than the probability that he actually throws it safely. Airplanes will not stop immediately after the accelerator pedal retraction and 747 will have more than one small lever for multi-propulsion thrust. The valves are usually lowered immediately before and immediately after the landing gear extension, not seconds before landing (good collision mode). Wheel brakes are needed to stop the airplane by simply pulling the accelerator pedal (s) (this time a different lever on the film) to idle just to let you go outside the track. Did I mention that these fighter planes were F-16 and EI F-15? Guess I did? And that's just what I remember recently watching this terrible movie.
