French director Jean Rollin is not well known for his great films and this confusing confusion is one of the reasons why. One of the most confusing things about this production is the title. For a manager who is well known for managing erotic films from lesbian vampires; you would expect a movie with the title "naked" to be a particularly bare chest; but there is not much nudity here. Erotic lesbian without vampire dress; we have a clumsy plot about a man who wants to unlock the mystery of immortality, a young woman whose affliction can be a key and a suicide culture that can't do much. The film begins with a promising sequence that sees a young girl, a secret group of people masked by the watchful eyes of a young French man who is also an important man's son. In his investigation, he will soon discover that this woman is not just a normal lady and when she goes deeper into the cult; he discovers that bullets cannot be killed, drink blood and cannot go into daylight ... it seems to me that it is vampire clear to me. <br /> <br /> Jean Rollin keeps the whole atmosphere in the fantasy atmosphere, but it's not interesting because the plot is so badly done. It is possible to keep up with what is happening, but only because it has so many other movies following similar plots. The director seems to know that he has also drawn, because the climax is basically an excuse to explain the film to the audience. At the end there is also a twisted twist; but the film would have been better without it. I think it was Jean Rollin's attempt to be a bit original, but it would be a tooth fist rather than a logical continuation of the story. Cinematic art is quite clean, with lots of plot in a suitable Gothic place. The girls on board fill what is a beautiful picture, and what Rollin's film lacks logic and continuity makes it a bit of a style. It was made in 1969 to protect the film; which somewhat explains the absence of shocks, but I can't recommend this movie because it doesn't have much to consider.
