This review may include some SPOILERS. It is even worse if you think these two are better aspects of "Starlight", a movie that should only be laughed at. <br /> <br /> Chong is an alien who is sent to Earth to search for the only remaining half-breed, part man and part alien. Apparently Earth is terrible. Something is wrong with human genetics, and after a few decades the world will become a contaminated wasteland. Only a foreign stranger race will save the planet only by duplicating half-breed DNA. Don't ask how this is because the film gives the impression that the world is being destroyed by man-made pollution. You think the Earth can only be saved by freeing from the polluting creatures, not saving them! Anyway, the half-breed Billy Wirth, who lives in the small southwest and is native of native American, turns out to be his mother, red, Caucasian and his grandfather Willie Nelson. Wasn't that a malarkey that made this generation of the bombing Carmen Electra bomb "The Chosen One"? Chong arrives at his ship, like Wirth, almost drowned after riding his motorcycle into a lake that fits untidily, just as a result of the breakdown of his girlfriend. Before you say "hogwash", Chong says his secret to Wirth, who is not surprised for a moment, and spreads the word to the Wirth family. Chong also does Wirth's mother, who a few years ago has lost some of her marble. Well, that's because Wirth's father was an alien who gave up on him. Of course, he is a standard rogue alien who has arrived at this moment to come to the land of Wirth to use Wirth's DNA to make the Earth's people slaves. (Huh?) His ridiculous attempt to use his telepathic abilities and capture Wirth sucks most of the screen time and is the worst scene in the movie. Not only are they boring, but they are the scenes where you define the most fleets. <br /> <br /> Ideas can be nice on paper, but they are treated here with utmost stupidity, especially the scenes mentioned above by a rogue alien. But the effects are in the movie bane. The opening scene includes Chong on his spacecraft, communicating with his boss, someone we don't see, but that Chong communicates with the dish with a light-emitting hat. They do not use spoken words, but telepathy, so we are treated with subtitles. The problem is that both Chong's and his boss's subtitles look the same, and the director does not give you any indication of which of the two is actually "talking" at any moment, which makes the whole conversation something other than gibberish. The spacecraft has the worst effect that this Hollywood has on Ed Wood. Now, I usually have a mild effect when it comes to a budget movie like it is, but these effects really came to me. The most offensive was the simplest: the fake night sky. The stars in heaven are so fake that they almost sound like a ballot. The most important are the moments where Chong tells someone he comes from the Pleiades, and we get seven stars. The thing is that these seven stars take about half of the night sky in the film, but any stargazer knows that Pleiades has a constellation between Perseus and Taurus, and the cluster doesn't take up much space in the sky. These consequences become so weak that your jaw hangs down and down with every passing moment. Be careful, because during the finals it will go straight to the floor if Willie Nelson has become the focal point for people and the effects. . . Oh, it has to be considered credibly! <br /> <br /> Starlight, star bright; The last star I see today; I wish I could; you don't have to look at this trash today. <br /> <br /> Zantara score: 1 out of 10.
