This film begins with a promising, early scene where Frank Morgan suggests Gary Cooper's marriage to his daughter Anita Louise. Frank Morgan, who plays an innumerable gold digger, casts Cooper aloud to his family, including his daughter Anita Louise, with perceived death. I'm a fan of all three participants. Frank Morgan is (in my opinion) a Hollywood treasure, a Cooper legend, and Louise's very cute, versatile and undervalued actor who rarely sees leadership. I also have nothing against Teresa Wright, and although she is not blessed with a great choice, she usually offers heart warming. <br /> <br /> With a promising opening, the story slides down to the end. I didn't find anything humorous when I burned Cooper's former home law. In such a highly smoking household, the meat stew would never be within easy walking distance, allowing Cooper to continue smoking, or would definitely provide him with the means to eliminate his poorly timed cigarette. Moreover, anyone with common sense would not allow themselves to be kept on an illuminated cigarette without the need for some means to eliminate it. And finally, someone with your right mind doesn't crush a cigarette in a handkerchief and sticks it in your pocket! This whole series made Cooper foolish and unpleasant. It's a bad contradiction - the sick is prepared and filmed in a way that causes laughter. Cooper's forced health check is equally understandable. No one is allowed to undergo a complete medical examination without being informed of their purpose or giving their consent! This Cooper is so funny about reality - it's absurd! Stealing babies from hospitals is a serious offense, and it's not a laugh. Finally, Cooper's overly strong, neurotic attention to his child's nutrition and body weight may have been nervous with some people who have experienced anxiety with their newborns. But they just seem tedious and slow to me. The wardrobe and the support departments went to the top in these scenes, while paradoxically, the script writer went to sleep. <br /> <br /> Lines are not just a script to create humor. They just forget all the cylinders. The laughs do not come in a mile, but rather in the minute of the year. The only time a movie has energy or humor is when Frank Morgan is in the camera. <br /> <br /> A completely wasted scene is when both Cooper's love interests and their fathers are in the same hotel room. There's probably a good sense of humor in this mine, but none of them were pulled out. Finally, one of the two very nice girls gets hurt. It is predicted that Anita Louise will be the character who will get her wedding evening! Although it is not in the camera, it is his fate and it is not particularly funny - even when it is open. He hadn't done anything in this movie to make me uncomfortable (unlike Gail Patrick, say, My favorite woman). As a result, I was expecting (or "I hope the word is better in the context of the film") Anita Louise's happy ending. The fact that such a nice character is virtually wiped out at the end of the film actually undermines the "happy ending" effect on Cooper and Wright. <br /> <br /> I was waiting for something to happen, so spiritual for dialogue so characteristic of the era of movies ... And it never gave up. Frank Morgan's good result in a slightly different role has been completely lost here.
