I understand that involving a novel on a large screen is always problematic. This is the only positive thing I can say about this truly terrible adaptation. <br /> <br /> Have you read "smart blood?" This is an amazing book. Flannery O'Connor wrote about lunch when nobody else is. He was a southern, dedicated Catholic and remarkably talented writer. In his first novel, he created a dark and deeply disturbing story of faith, suspicion, and redemption with a macabre sense of humor and a surprising appetite. The characters in the book may seem outrageous to those who have not lived in the south, but I can assure you that such people exist. Not only do they exist, but also families, feelings and worries like others. Flanner's intentions were so often misunderstood - he had not broken their backbone education - he saw beautiful work that he would have called "grace" ... even in the most violent, embarrassing and mad conditions. Wise Blood reading must be washed away with fear and impending death. Finally, we have to think long and hard about our decisions and perceptions - our worldview. <br /> <br /> None of them come through John Hiton's "Gilligan Island" customization. Missing. It's a farce. Bad farce. The whole film is saturated with stomach. Action is bad, southern accents are fake and offensive. Filmmakers do not see religious southern thinking. The intense prose of Mrs O'Connor is reduced to the sight and cheaper amateur theater. The soundtrack is blended with hay-slag and "Clockwork Orange" styled cheesecake electronics that doesn't match story or even MOVIE. I was given free access to this film and almost out. Indeed, really terrible. <br /> <br /> I disagree with Mr O'Connor's religious views, and although I rose deep in the south, I did years ago and haven't looked back. But the southern part is a beautiful place with many exciting people (like every other place on earth), and a cup competition with bridges and their attitudes in this film. If you are offended (what I am not), this film will endlessly cross the line. <br /> <br /> I don't like to talk about an artist's work - John Huston was a man I didn't know, and I'm sure he was a sincere and talented filmmaker, who has been detained in his film history. My views are clearly inclined when you read (and loved) Flannery O'Connor's work. So I do not claim to come from any other perspective. Perhaps as an independent film he works for cinephiles. But for the fans of Flannery O'Connor - and I can add, to the self-respecting southern and open stripes - this film is a waste of time.
