The film is religious, making it impossible to separate it from religion. In my opinion, this film looks at deep questions but promotes stereotypes and prejudices; little real understanding. What the people in the film (and thus the writer) did not see was grace. They could not understand that God is the author of beauty, and He is the creator of passionate and sexual satisfaction in the right context of divorce. To understand that the people in this society where the story is based believe that nudity is sinful and that both the man and the woman who enjoy the marriage are dirty is simply a simplification. Such stereotypes do not really exist because even Jewish sacred writings speaks clearly of a caring wife who is looking for her wife's joy before her. The Scripture says that man should love his wife according to his flesh, and that no one hates his flesh, but he feeds and caresses it. Even if you want to ignore the New Testament, writers and characters will completely ignore the passages of the Old Testament, such as Solomon's Song and even the Book of Proverbs, which says, "Rejoice in the youth of your youth!" Let your breasts always satisfy you! How can it be read in a way other than what God knows, and praises and loves marriage and enjoyment? True men do not ignore the value and needs of their wife. Those who deny the very basic teaching of judeo / christian religion. God never said these things. It's absurd. Sonia rebelled due to the misapplication of Abraham's true teachings of God. It wasn't like that. When sad. What Sonia desperately needed was truth, not tradition. Knowing God, loving and listening, we love others more; before you. This is the faith of Abraham, Isaac, Jacob, and Joseph; once sent to all the saints; bought and paid by Jesus Christ, the Righteous. But don't ignore all this and give up the ancient, holy letter, and turn to the wisdom of the homeless and the ghosts. That's a good plan. I never recommend this movie; partly because sexual content is unnecessarily graphic, but also because it does not provide any valuable information. See "Yentl" to see that the Jewish tradition is much more beneficial to society.
