I'm so scared of this documentary. I'm deeply embarrassed and ashamed of how the Puerto Rico was portrayed. This document did not touch Puertorican's culture. It was about Nuyorican's culture. Puertoricans and Nuyoricans are two different cultures. Very different cultures and should not be generalized to the population of Puerto Rica. Rosie, you have to do some research before making a documentary. You also need to check and make sure your sources are reliable. Puerto Ricans are not all loud and have a class that is not one of the things documentary. When I saw Rosie and Jimmie's sight and Rosie Martha Stewart, I was very excited. I'm even sure to let my parents know because they love so much in Puerto Rico. In the first five minutes, I couldn't believe how the documentary pulled to the US and made Puerto Rican look like a guinea pig. You have to visit Puerto Rico and you see Puerto Rico is not the third country in the world where more than 50% of the population is in poverty. Puerto Rico has colleges and renowned universities, roads, cars, shopping centers, shopping centers (the biggest Kmart and JCPenney I've ever seen), restaurants, theaters, beaches, hotels (Ritz, Hilton, etc.), casinos, churches, agriculture, Auto Expresso and restaurants only for a few. Poverty? NO 50% of the population is. The culture of Puerto Rica is family, music, food, celebration and aspiration not to move back. Oh, and the new cousins ​​don't just get out. No, it's not Puerto Rica, it's a ghetto. We're not bastards. Parents from Puertorica who want to teach their children in Puerto Rico should invest in a family trip to see what Puerto Rico is. They see their beauty, people and culture. Please do not show them this documentary because it only reduces their thoughts with negativity. Oh, and please don't tell your American friends about this documentary because it makes Puerto Rican people just ignorant. <br /> <br /> Yes, I was born and raised PUERTO RICAN from the island. Just so you know!
