You have to respect this movie. It may be "just a stupid kid's movie," but it's # 1 the most frequently requested movie title in online film forums that people who remember this story, but don't remember the title. Therefore, the description of the plot is very necessary and detailed since I have not found such a description elsewhere on the Internet. <br /> <br /> A typical 2-storey house is shown in the suburbs. 7-year-old Bridget says there is something suspicious because he and his 11-year-old brother Andrew receive gifts from their parents for no apparent reason. Bridget's gift is a filled penguin, which he immediately calls Sweet William. Bridget describes his relatives: Aunt Ruth, a sister who takes care of her grandmother, Grams, a hugging grandmother who makes dolls out of socks, and her brother Andrew, who is in the electronics and is tough. Grams randomly hang over to the governor's governor, indicating that he is living with his family. Two children eat breakfast while adults discuss moving grams to the old home. Bridget makes a terrible pancake sandwich that includes cereals, eggs, bacon, strawberries and syrup, as Andrew sees incredibly. The two children then discuss Grams and Andrew says directly that the grams are "put on pasture". Bridget speaks in the attic with grams, has a playground with Sweet William in the bedroom, and lives in his bedroom closet with an unexpectedly lively doll. <br /> <br /> Bridget and the live doll get to know. A funny hairy female doll is called Huggins and lives in Huggaland. Bridget gives Hugginsile Andrew a space baseball. Huggins hides under a lingerie when Bridget's mother comes, then her mother throws the laundry into Huggins. Bridget rescues Huggins and dries the hair dryer. They discuss the problem when the grams get older and they have to go, Huggins said that Bridget could talk about this with Huggaland's book form because he knows everything. They go through the mirror to visit Huggaland, but one of Bridget's tennis shoes is reflected in the mirror. <br /> <br /> Instead of running around on one shoe, Bridget goes to Huggaland without shoes. They will meet Hugsy right now, with a lively boy in Huggaland. Huggins gives Hugsyle a baseball. They also meet Tickles, Bubbles, Impkins and Tweaker and all the dolls sing the song on the bridge. Hugsy takes Bridget and Huggins to his hugwagon to see a book sister who lives in a giant stack of books. Bookworm consults the "old encyclopaedia" and finds that old age can be treated by eating the fruit of the "youth". However, there is only one such tree and it is in the Shrugide country, ruled by the quartet queen of quartz. The only way to drive to Shrug is to jump down a deep hole inside a giant book near you. <br /> <br /> Bridget and two dolls reach three times, jump down and drop off. Soon they will walk along the sideways sidewalks, hear the shattering of the sea and fall down the sidewalk when the lateral gravity ends. They come in contact with a "hairy invasion" that looks like a mastodon with four pains and breathing out of its trunk. But Hugsy is boldly going over and hugging the vengeance, thus becoming a baby elephant named Hodgepodge. Hodgepodge was under the Queen's spell and owed to Hugsy so that they all drive back to Hodgepodge to the castle. They enter the castle, surround the troll-like creatures, the queen (Queen Admira) and Bridget ask a couple of young people. The Queen refuses, then eats one for her, and speaks of her youthful good looks, looking at her hand in the mirror. Hodgepodge looks like the queen says she should be "digested". The King is upset when Bridget mentions that witches should be warts so that the Queen freezes Bridget and tells three other prisons. But the queen neglects the key to the key to the lifting device of the young tree. <br /> <br /> Hodgepodge wakes up in the dungeon and uses his "noodle" (trunk) to pull down the prisoner's door, releasing himself and two dolls with him. They find that Bridget is hugged, dolls hug him, causing Bridget to revive. Before they flee, Bridget finds the left-hand key in a young tree dome, lifts the dome and selects some glowing youngsters and puts them in a jar. The Queen catches them, but the Queen's hand is under a falling dome, at the same time reaching the key left on Bridget's ground. The queen suddenly becomes very old because she has been left without dying and dying of the adolescent berries. Soon, Bridget returns to his bedroom from his mirror, but drives to the bottom of the mirror, leaving berries on the floor and berries quickly disappearing into the smoke. His mother calls him and Andrew to say goodbye to the Grams who are leaving for the old home. Andrew falls to his usual evil, standoffish facade and hugs the grams, telling him to love him and that he doesn't want him to go. Their father was moved and decided to keep the grams there and all hugging and crying, including Aunt Ruthie, who was the main person who pushed the grams to move. <br /> <br /> Louis Cardinals cap, Bridget will explain how he gave Hugaland to Hugins, but Andrew doesn't want to listen to what he believes is his fantasy fashion so he turns around to look for it in his bedroom. One of the dolls secretly hides through a mirror to Bridget, Bridget puts a cap on Andrew's head, Andrew is mystified and leaves his bedroom without saying anything. Bridget rejoices with mirrors.
