I had great hopes for it when I heard it was back in 2001 because I read "fuck and Daniel Webster" when I was a child and I found it very interesting. They made some changes to the story that makes no sense for me. The story of Daniel Webster was a famous lawyer in New Hampshire. In the film he is an editor. The lawyer makes more sense because he comes to represent Jabez Stone against the devil (he was a story, but was a woman in the film) in a trial where both of their souls were on the line. As a editor, it does not seem likely that Daniel Webster has the skills to do so. <br /> <br /> The actors were all except Alec Baldwin and Dan Aykroyd. These are the two participants I like, they just made a terrible job in this movie. Just as they thought they were acting in comedy, but the film was more serious than comedy. This may be partly due to the fact that the film was filmed with a particular vision, and someone else edited it. Against this background, it is surprising that it was at all coherent. I was surprised that in the film I saw a fair amount of SNL members, which in turn makes me believe that it was originally filmed with the intention of being more comedy. <br /> <br /> All in all I have to say that it wasn't terrible, but it wasn't very good. If I could get one and a half hours back and do something else, I'd like to. The end was particularly disappointing. As in the original, defeat Daniel Webster in the trial. Then Jabez starts at the beginning of the movie ... literally, we just bring back the first scene with Jabez, and then the movie ends sharply. In fact, they seemed to just repeat Jabez's first scene and finally called it. There is no indication that Jabez would benefit from any knowledge or experience, so who says he did not repeat his mistakes again and maybe also on an endless loop? It was an extremely disappointing end and didn't make much sense. Decent pains and the action of everyone except Baldwin and Aykroyd are the only things that keep this full and complete mess of sandwiches.
