I got it in a 10-pack CURSE OF THE DEAD. You have to love these discount packages. Because even if they do not have real remaster, restoration, and all sorts of films, and movies are generally in full-frame and scanning format, there is no denying that there are always some gems. And with "gems," I mean there are always some good signs, especially when the movies are from the 1970s, when madness is. <br /> <br /> My copy is called madness, but when the title screens roll, Poe's Dr. Tarr's Torture Cave. It doesn't matter, really, if the mess is nonsense, it's crap, isn't it? Yes! But saying that this movie is totally worthless is not right at all. Here and there are some funky elements and obviously the flick has had a decent budget. <br /> <br /> The opening title is a cool and colorful negative run through a cheap TV show. Dialogue is always fun. At the beginning of the movie, a horse and a buggy rider go to the middle of a dead tree stump. "WHAT IS STRONG!" says our hero. It is funny that this guy shouldn't be able to fight funny foresters later if they come in for an unpleasant fun. You completely forget that this guy was even in the movie until he later grew up again. It's so memorable that these characters are. <br /> <br /> The best part of the madness mansion, however, must be funny music and a screw ball that good guys have to endure. It's like bad comic music that would be enjoyable for three years. And why are all weird people longing for? I'd say my favorite moment was to be when the horse and the buggy hit the forest frets when they pull the fool like a home that is in the middle of the road, and make a buggy stop. What the hell? Oh yes, there are also many boobs to see those who dig such things. Boobies, bad dialogue and unpleasant music. This is the best amount of madness for me. It is worth at least one viewing and may be much better if you have had little to drink or not. I can't say I ever demand it, but I can't deny it is a barrel barrel. Glove like Magical Mystery Tour, but with a plot, but not. Hmm. Mr Chicken PWNZ.
