Was it a comedy or was it a drama? I'll start this review by asking this question, because the movie I just saw, the Hollywood Shuffle, wasn't funny or quite dramatic. Though he tried to do so much because of the lack of this definition (comedy or drama), smart themes and sharp comments were lost. Although I am sure that there is too much racial profile in Hollywood, I don't even think that the debut of Townsend's director made a lot to stop it. Instead, I feel that it only adds more fuel to the fire. Townsend's comic timing in this film was catastrophic because the elements he kept were funny and vice versa. The lack of funny comedy destroyed parts that had to be serious. Townsend had a decent concept with this film, but unfortunately this film has been badly committed to the film. If you look at the preview before the movie (which I keep doing), you will immediately get the wrong impression of what you see. Preview gives the impression of a very intelligent, comic book that boasts the intelligence of viewers, but in fact the film cannot be further from the truth. <br /> <br /> The main problem with Hollywood Shuffle is not the story itself (as it is not being developed); this is the direction of Townsend. He was a wonderful concept with this film. Use Hollywood that uses our competition. A decent idea, but why couldn't he do it very well? The first is that his ideas are too casual and casual. The structure of this movie was like monitoring a heart attack in a hospital monitor, we are literally anywhere without a warning or card. It was obvious that Townsend had quite a few say but only a short time to do so. So, instead of defining your characters, developing his themes and really creating a smart movie, he simply throws and prays that it works. Unfortunately, not. Instead of smart comedy, we have so many ideas, comedy schemes, and underrated actors that this film goes almost beyond the limits of human dignity. What is most painful for Townsend is his short, trying to be funny, interruptions in the whole movie. From the fight against the villain called Jerry Curlik's parody to Siskel & Ebert, Townsend's attempt to have fun when talking about the film industry. This is because these small alternating sketches pull the film away from the central focus and actually destroy the inside. Although Townsend is trying to make fun of Hollywood, he is actually just in touch with each book's stereotype and clichés. What could have been a beautiful satire would just become a general humor that is never completely separate from one another. <br /> <br /> So, if you find yourself with this story of smiling humor, it may be a bit of a pleasure to know that some of Wayans' brothers are about to help build this dull story. ERROR! Wayans is in this movie, but Townsend shows that he has the ability to bring even the most sparse in this fun family. Certainly, in our lives, we see in the moments of color that comedy was something that everyone had to constantly improve. Maybe it was the direction of Townsend or maybe this cruel story, but these typically funny comedians were obviously underrated and ignored by the critics of the film. I just thought that with the talent tool that Townsend had to pull out of this Hollywood Shuffle, it would have been funny, brilliant, and real sticking to this obvious Hollywood dilemma. Unfortunately, none of the above was mentioned. <br /> <br /> Finally, I would like to say that it was a workable film. There were some moments (though they were little and far away) with a smile on my face, the final product just didn't live well with me. Townsend may be funny, but in this movie it seemed to play instead of one's own personal experiences and worries. I understand that he probably spoke the truth, but it never came out. Instead, we're threaded through a weak story that supports itself with idiotic flashes that might have worked for sitcom, but certainly didn't work for that movie. Even for those who comment that it was his director's debut and that he learned about this movie, I would agree. When you start a fresh start, either a script or specified themes are listed. Townsend did not have any of them and, with the inability to control his actors, he was simply unable to catch the flames. <br /> <br /> Overall, it was quite disappointing at the time of viewing. It reminded me of a class school spell, where it is time to write your child's time. The word is tough, but if the first two to three stars come out, you think it works perfectly, but then it's a random "P" and a quiet "R" that forces your excitement to fall. That's how I felt about Hollywood Shuffle. First I saw the potential, I saw the subject and motif behind the picture, but with the fuzzy and inexperienced technique and after the first few scenes I experienced this deep autumn feeling. Townsend sank his ship on it and I don't think Hollywood Shuffle will ever be subjected to a Hollywood cinema at the central moment. <br /> <br /> Rating: * Off *****
