After a lively, projected, opening-bank-scene, Set It Off shifts directly to the gutter and continues to sink. It is a film that, instead of dull, complicated stereotypes, is consistently manipulated instead of consistent manipulation, and an astonishing sentimentality and a free contraction of violence instead of thinking, thinking, or feeling. In short, it does not differ from 90% of Hollywood products. But this is a racial angle that makes "Set It Off" especially sad for today's movie making. Indeed, in the name of "sisterhood", the film represents the most virulent forms of the African-American "gangsta" stereotype. At this time, there is a trick that gangsters are struck. Not only does the film suggest that gangsterism is the default identity of all African-Americans who have fallen victim to the African people, as it is a sister like the low materialists who reward money and put it on otherwise. Worse still, Set It Off uses racial discrimination and disadvantage simply as a tool to support its weak plot structure. Serious racial social issues have been ratified and opportunistic to justify armed robbery, they are forced as soon as a film must inevitably bring to the normal end, where the crime is punished, LAPD proves to be a number of caring, guilty liberals (say it to Rodney King) and ambitious "good "Sister Jada Pinkett Smith follows the upward movement" from the hood and the world of middle class self ", her buppie bank manager boy opened to her. "Set It Off" illustrates the state of the art of today's blaxploitation movie, trying to fool into gangsta stereotypes and pretending to celebrate life "in the hood, all the while despising it. While in the 1970s" Shaft and Superfly liked it, there may be stereotypes and worn out Plots of land, they were fresh, energy and innocent, which struck a chord with all the audiences in the races, and still make fun look. "Set It Off" would not be worth it if the promising breakthroughs of the early 1990s did not reveal the tragic fall of African-American filmmaking and ghettoism.
