I've seen another part. And I have to say that it was actually better than the first. At first I realized that it was actually a sequel, not a remake, but not a good one. I don't like the old Galactica movies and series because the cylinders looked like toasters (just as it was mentioned in this new movie) and were completely safe for the old galaxy. This movie changes the parties - people were harmless, but the whole movie was totally chaotic and stupid for me. Many scenes were unnecessary, such as the "computer expert" story - totally nonsense. When I was a screenwriter, I'd leave him dead in my house, a dead woman. And evacuation from the planet? Please, if it were bombarded with 50 Megatons (why exactly 50 MT?), Kernels, they would be dead by radiation. And how is it possible that the big wheeled fleet was completely hidden before the attack? Aha, this was probably the computer virus created by the cylinder - the script was probably written by a ten-year-old schoolboy. The good side of the movie is that people are finally defeated! Really hit, the population is close to extinction (kids die - movie twice explicitly: 1st baby !!! maybe one month old and girl ten age - what is violence ...). And the bad donkeys won and I think it's the first time in a sci-fi galaxy fighting film. I also appreciate the design of the cylinders (not just the humanoid silon :-) for these ships - I like the design of both of them - the human - the silons. Human ships are a good version of the old ones. And galactica - really beautiful with these docks, I liked it. But that's all, only design is not enough. The action was really bad, the whole plot was expected (not just two things - the human-ramnardock and the end of the human cylinder). The dialogues were trivial (and the Slovakian just stupid, but that's not the fault of the movie). The whole movie looked like a pilot film, but who would shoot such a series? What would it be? One star for design, the other for the almost extinction of humanity.
