This movie is confusing, but at least it's not terrible. The art of the box in the video box is marketed by the "fun setback" of the giant bug films of the 1950s. In reality, this is a transparent transaction in the "Aliens" basement. <br /> <br /> Manufacturers clearly wanted to take a "ALIEN" picture, but they shouldn't have much money. In fact, it doesn't really seem to be any money. I hope everyone who has worked on this matter has all been paid. <br /> <br /> The basic piece is preserved - a group of people isolated with a murderous insect creature - and a ground-based location added for budgetary reasons. Instead of placing a movie in space where no one listens to you yelling, they put the movie in a hospital where everyone sees your budget bare. The funny thing about the "blue monkey" (and there is only one thing) is that the filmmakers did not give up "ALIEN" aesthetics. Although we are in the hospital, we are still unlikely to have a cavernous supplement that carries out scientific literary experiments, in this case a respectable "growth hormone" scheme. The boiler room (or something else) also doubles, so we can explain that the monster is looking for heat. The boiler room is so large that it is secured with a multi-tiered steel coating that is ideal for mucus falling between the slats. The idea is that a man working in a greenhouse attacks a burning flower from a rare imported plant that grows in an exotic location. He touches it and says "Ow" so we know he's injured. Cutting his finger causes unconsciousness in a few minutes, and a white worm is born through his mouth in the hospital (I think "ALIEN" in the picture is called "oral cavity"?). The worm is isolated, but some naughty children (leukemia patients) jump on it and "accidentally" give it some experimental growth hormone. You know that everything is in trouble when a crane camera attacks a hospital worker and soon a caregiver finds some mandatory cocoons before he grabs a pair of semi-resistant insect hands. The rest of the movie is dominated by a semi-hidden semi-hidden monster. <br /> <br /> What brings us back to "ALIEN". How do you ask if a hospital-based film can contain all of those flashing strobosigns that are always in "ALIEN" movies? There is no problem ... a power outage (or something) causes the power system to be puzzled, which probably causes the strobe-blossom to bloom in every room of the hospital and flashes continuously throughout the film. It doubles as more comfortable than special effects (though the errors are pretty clean, they don't move too well, and the baby's fault looks charmingly like a Cootie toy). <br /> <br /> OK, so what the "ALIEN" bases we haven't covered ... OH, the water drips down the walls! Check ... we divide the massive hospital into two parts, then send some signs through the damp, dripping basement to reach the other side. The problem was solved, we now have the ability to take numerous "predictive tunnels" techniques. And don't forget the fog ... well, you never need it in horror movies, don't you? OK, maybe inside your hospital, so we make smoke because we have a lot of sparks and burn. <br /> <br /> I have not said anything about insignificant action, not that the actors would be given any script to follow. I'll take this "blue monkey" should be light and fun, and if so, it's nice to try, but the pieces won't come together and the movie will reach a real drag. Watch the movie "Returning Aliens: Deadly Chewing" to see this type of film that gets it right, even less money and even less marginal talent. It falls on your ALIEN.
