* McCabe and Mrs Miller * take place in the northwestern Pacific Ocean at the beginning of the century. In Hämara, from the mud to the mining camp, John McCabe (hirsute Warren Beatty) comes with a cigar smoke and big ideas for building a suitable cabin / house for the city, filled with the triumph of the whores of the film's soror. He is also a non-fired gunslinger: it is too shameful to advertise it, but is not afraid to use it to validate the alpha men's credentials of local people. And so he quarreles with boys to build his cabin at a rate of 15 cents an hour. <br /> <br /> It seems like this is a pretty regrettable action until Mrs Miller (Julie Christie) appears in an amazing contraction that is a semi-rail car, a semi-car (where did Altman find that?). Mrs Miller immediately takes McCabe as a business partner with the aim of classifying a new common right whore and requiring all visitors to have a bath before entering. Noting that McCabe won't be able to add, he also requires account management. It is not clear which McCabe function is. <br /> <br /> The plot will thicken as the mining company's few oily representatives show up in the city and offer it to McCabe for five major purchases. McCabe tells them they're ringing - he's holding fifteen thousand. The company finds the negotiations wrong, so they hire an assassin to just kill McCabe. . . Although how they think they can murder a human being in the middle of the city, it is just as unclear as McCabe's function in a horse partnership. (Apologizing for this beating plot for the reason that local people would be too bold to speak, will not cut the mustard if it is thought that the money provided by the local Marshal would be quite attractive.) <br /> <br /> McCabe and Mrs Miller * Classic Seventies Cinema, "should be much better. The film tells a pretty good story; the main characters may be interesting. There are some striking scenes, especially one that seems to be a 14 year old stone cold killer. But it's really, really hard to enjoy the movie if you can't hear what someone is saying and if you hardly see what anyone is doing. Once again, this director hijacked his film with thin laziness and disgust. According to IMMB's trivia, the film's editor, Altman, grabbed the sound; Altman disagreed; and when everyone said the sound was muddy after the movie was released, Altman blamed the editor. (Nice.) With a bad sound, the film has a terrible look. Only Robert Altman can hire a world-class DP like Vilmos Zsigmond and make a film that looks like splashed camera lenses with dirty water. The reviewers who praise this image as "dark brown glow" are joking with GOT. The interior is photographed through darkness. Outdoor photography is even worse: just like the Altman would place the 500 tree machine behind the rich trees. At a time when Beatty resigns from the assassins when the local church is under fire, Altman requires a lot of hidden views of the animated snowfall that resembles the special of Rankin-Bass Christmas. br /> Look - I can't watch a movie under these conditions. Get back to me when you learn how to place boom actions when you remove all of these annoying "Altman-esque" overlapping dialogs and wipe lenses with some Windex or something. 3 stars out of 10.
