How they got to play Al Pacino in this movie is over me. This movie is absolutely terrible. After reading some other opinions, I discovered that a couple of people really enjoyed the movie that deeply puzzles me because I don't see how someone at their best could enjoy the movie so terribly as a revolution. It's not just that it's a bad movie with a flat plot and a general strangeness that is extremely unpleasant, but it seems that filmmakers would either have slowed down mentally (which is a very possible explanation of why this film sucks as it it does) probably sucks it even compared to other slow motion movies) or deliberately made all illogical decisions to suck as much as possible. For example, we see that Donald Sutherland is driving his face with a huge amount of fat fool. Usually he doesn't have a mole. Mole does not add his character. It is extremely ugly and disturbing. It's not like the mole of Robert De Niro; it is much worse. Why hell has he got this mole? Just as the filmmakers just said, "Let's see how we can make this movie even worse, if it is already? I know we give Mr Sutherland a gigantic, ugly ass mole right on his face." <br /> Another example of filmmaker's stupidity is Ned. We see young Ned in the first three quarters of the film. At one point, "six months later" appears on the screen. We see Ned again and this is of course the same actor who plays the boy. Five minutes later, "three weeks later" appears on the screen, and suddenly we have another actor playing the older Nedi. What do they think we are idiots? Heavenly Grace! Again, it's like filmmakers say, "How can we make it worse? I don't think we can ... Oh wait! I was just a terrible idea!" I know the boy will not grow in half a year, which is good, but at least he will grow for more than three weeks. Just don't get another actor playing Nedi, or at least take him five minutes if he is three weeks younger. What's more, a child who plays "older" Nedi does not seem older than "young" Ned. In fact, he just sees a completely different, much more nervous and not higher or older than the original actor, which is very confusing because I, like every rational person, thought first of all that it was a new and different character. ? Since he was in this first and a half hour and then suddenly, three weeks later, Lock Stock and the two smoking barrels play the boy in the last five minutes. And even if the original actor died, the filmmakers should have at least become an actor who looks like he plays the rest of his role, and shoot the scenes again for five minutes in "six months". Better yet, just stop the movie completely, never stop and never release, never tell anyone, because by that time they should have realized that their movie sucks and stops destroying only more money and time making the worst movies of the time . <br /> <br /> I'm not saying this movie is so bad that you shouldn't watch it; it is so bad that you should watch it to see how bad it sucks. It's terrible, terrible.
