Brilliant actor, as he is, Al Pacino completely rails the revolution? his approach to the method is completely un illustrated with the role of illiterate traps in the United States War of Independence. Much of the charge should be caused by director Hugh Hudson (yes, a man who made a few years ago Chariots Of Fire)? One of the director's many jobs is the meeting of actors, the congress of credible performances, but in this case Hudson has allowed Pacino to run the amok without asking for any restriction. This is not just the low force of Al's career, which prevents the film: there are many other revolution-related mistakes, more of which are said later. <br /> <br /> The Illustrate Trap Tom Dobb (Al Pacino) lives in the North area of ​​America and his son Ned (Sid Owen / Dexter Fletcher). Does he lead a simple life? living in the country, raising his son, living a life against these elements. The country is spoken by the English colonialists, but during the eight-year period (1775-83) there is a revolution that ends with the defeat of the British and the birth of an independent American nation. Does Dobb catch up with events when his boat and his son are armed with the mainland? Wiped away by the events they hardly understand, Dobbs finds himself fighting for his life and freedom in one bloody job after another. Tom also falls in love with the wife of Daisy McConnahay (Natassja Kinski), a beautiful and fiery British aristocratic ancestor. Their forbidden love is played against the greater historical context of the struggle. <br /> <br /> Where do I start from movie errors? Most of the main participants failed? Pacino has already been sufficiently criticized, but Kinski's price is a bit better than the renegade aristocrat, while Donald Sutherland is hopelessly lost as a ruthless English soldier with an insecure Yorkshire accent. Robert Dillon's manuscript is confusing when it comes to bringing massive historical events to a personal level. At some point, no one seems to have decided whether it is intended to explore the American revolution as an intimate character, or an epic war film that has a handful of sharply drawn characters used to carry the story. As a result, the narrative divides into the land of any man, sliding indiscriminately and senselessly into a small story from a "spectacular spectacle". John Corigliano's score is rather strange and poured into action if he doesn't think and is subtle. The direction of Hugh Hudson is cumbersome in the misuse of both Pacino and other major players and in the decision to use an irritating shaking camera during operations. The idea of ​​a handheld camera is to create a sense of harmony? the feeling of being "confused" with the battle and the musket. Like many other movies, it doesn't work. One department, where the film restores modest respect, is a periodic detail with costumes, sets, and weapons that appear to be consistently accurate. But if the detail of this era is interested in visiting the museum, it would be better to spend your time because the revolutionary film experience won't even appreciate. Nothing more than £ 18,000,000 badly met in the mid-1980s by the British film industry.
