What a great word "to rephrase" is. Isn't that what they call Dawn of the Dead MMIV (2004)? Truly a real word - it hides the term that everyone has hated, that is, it is, and makes it almost as if one's creation process and imagination were. Well, fucking, I deceived. At least I was more attracted to thinking about countless gore and rampant violence than the idea of ​​"re-imagining", although it played a role. <br /> <br /> But why do it again? Directors do this only for a few reasons: to update a movie for a modern audience, or to love the original personally and want to respect it. Dear, if you want. Nonetheless, everyone in general (I admit exceptions) is one thing: stealing someone's idea and designing it (or "transforming" it) so that those who never see or understand it would pay money to watch it. It's like Coles '/ Cliffs' notes; Throw all the blender, clean all that is more puzzling and curious and throw some artificial flavors. In other words, an excellent marketing plan. <br /> <br /> So what's wrong with that? Well, I'll start with what I liked. I liked opening scenes. Thanks to the CGI and the larger budget, we actually realized that the zombie holocaust had lost. Romero tried to communicate in the original with minimalist means. We see the ruins of the city, thousands of zombies: chaos and death. Two words that are beautiful on the screen. Then it all breaks down. <br /> <br /> This setting will take you anywhere. The film does what almost every remake does. It adds everything except character, atmosphere and story. It's noisy, (in some ways) bloody, and full of the main characters who seem to die only in meaningless sub-blocks. The device, a shopping center that played an important role in the original film's story and subject, is purely random. The idea conveyed in the Romero film, the pure ecstatic joy that "shopping center is all as a fortress", is lost here. In addition, it has no "transformation" of lack of moxie, spirit, balls. This implies (probably quite rightly) that the audience lacks attention and does not worry about being interested in characters or the story. The film is rushed and the quieter relationship of the original four characters is set aside. You really grew up to take care of these people in the Romero version, because their existence, despite being crazy outside the mall, was a realism. Here you don't care when or who's going: what's important, how they go. <br /> <br /> What else to say? The film is not scary. It has one or two "jump" scenes and it tries to compensate the rest with gore and loud special effects. As the story is really too filthy to follow, and conflict marks are too underdeveloped to save. Humor is also reduced to some lining (and one really good sign: Andy). After what remains? The end, which is clearly ridiculous and much worse than the weak and inevitable ambiguity of the original film. But despite being a pretty bad film (though not quite as bad as some other remakes), this one thing must be remembered: it was killed by Christ's passion for its first-ever cashier. Well done zombies.
