This movie is a pure "Hollywood hockey". It is based on the novel "Not too narrow?" Richard Sale is not too deep, which may be interesting; it would need to be investigated! The story of the film obviously requires a lot of incidents and many backgrounds that probably existed in the novel, but somewhere in the film it doesn't see, so whether the movie was fun cut or the scenario was confusing from the beginning. There is no millisecond in this movie that is far from realistic in terms of events or characters. It's a pure Hollywood fantasy in every sense. Two well-known actors, Paul Lukas and Peter Lorre, are both underused and wasted, making no sense at all in the film. They must be blended so that chopped meteorometers are added to the omelette, hoping the taste will improve. The film is a worthwhile attempt to make a "moral story" and it is so funny that it is ridiculous. The story concerns some hardened criminals who have been imprisoned in French Guyana who want to escape from their French colony prison through the jungle (very much a Hollywood jungle, a rubber snake). Of course, the story has to be a woman, so Joan Crawford is hitting it as a happy tramp who, for some reason, is irresistible to Clark Gable, one of the runaway criminals. Crawford, who escapes through the jungle, carries high heels and keeps her makeup fresh. Gable flirts and grimaces and makes mawkish expressions, crinkling his brow as was his habit, smirking and looking preferably to everyone who had his way of acting. Such a character is hard to be regarded as a hardened criminal when he always tries to be so hard to be Clark Gable, that he is certainly not at some time early. (Attention seekers are by nature too busy to steal and not fit with tasks that require people not to see them.) The whole pull-out is so ridiculous that it can only be considered as light entertainment. The test of religiosity and "depth" is done by injecting the story into a mysterious angel of mercy who voluntarily walks into prison and pretends to be a prisoner. He helps to escape and accompanies all criminals and ministers to their various deaths, helping them to find "peace" in their recent relationships. This character plays very well Ian Hunter, who keeps all the convincing air of knowledge, smiles mysteriously, makes mysterious prophetic remarks, and has a small face trained on his face to give him the heavenly shine. The theme is for redemption. You can call it the "Hollywood Goes Moral and Gets Heavy" version of Donald Duck. For the sake of true depth, Hitchcock's 1953 "I Confess" shows how to do it. In contrast, this trivial nonsense shows how great the meanings were in the city of Tinsel, and that if they went to drum something that could mean something, everything they could have was what you thought, more sir.
