W. Somerset Maugham (1874-1965), author of many novels, games and short stories, was regarded as one of the great authors of the world during his lifetime, and although his image has been faded over the years, his work continues to be critically respected and a great public for reading. RAZORI EDGE, published in 1944, is a story of a veteran of World War I, whose search for spiritual enlightenment flies with the low values ​​of the West. It was Maugham's last great novel - and it was extremely popular. Considering that romance conflicts are internalized spiritual and philosophical issues, it was also an extremely strange choice for the film version - but in the 20th century, Fox Darryl F. Zannuck loved the book and immediately created screen rights after publication. <br /> <br /> According to filmmaking, THE RAZOR'S EDGE was supposed to be run by the legendary George Cukor Handbook by Maugham himself - and it seems that Maugham wrote the adaptation. When the film was produced, Cukor replaced Edmund Goulding, the artist's less well-known artist as a director, and the Maugham script was replaced by Lamar Trotti, who is the author of such memorable scenarios. OXBOW INCIDENT. Tyrone Power, who returned from military service during World War II, was dismissed as a spiritually opposed Larry Darrell; Gene Tierney, one of the greatest beauty of her era, was cast into the public Isabell Bradley. Particularly remarkable was supportive casting, including Herbert Marshall, Anne Baxter, Clifton Webb, Lucille Watson and Elsa Lanchester. Both the budget and the shooting plan were very rich, and when the film debuted in 1946, it was respected by the public as well as by critics. <br /> <br /> But time is the way to put things in perspective. Nowadays, RAZORI EDGE is really a beautifully produced film, but aside from the absolute best, it can be said to achieve rather consistent mediocrity. As in most cases, the main problem is the script. Although it is relatively close to the plot in terms of the Maugham novel, it has been set aside from the label and does not allow it to fully capture the key issues that tell the story. We are told that Larry is looking for enlightenment; we are told he will get it; we are told that he is acting on it, but, despite a random and largely superficial commentary, we never talk about its spiritual, artistic, philosophical, and intellectual processes. Especially we never said anything important about the nature of enlightenment. As a result, the story is kneeling down. <br /> <br /> We are left with a Maugham plot bark that focuses on the relationship between Larry and Isabell. a growing ideological reef that opens between them. Tyrone Power and Gene Tierney were more praised than physical beauty as talent, but both got a good performance when they received strong director and script support. Unfortunately, this doesn't happen here; they are extremely one-off and Power is very wrong at boot. Fortunately, supportive casting is pretty good, especially for Herbert Marshall, Clifton Webb and Lucille Watson; But Anne Baxter's famous performance, however, is neither weary nor hopeful. <br /> <br /> When the film's working time is just under two and a half hours, the film seems to be unnecessarily long. There's a seemingly endless cocktail party-type torment, and the whole Indian sequence (which counts for a bit of fun) would be completely cut off - an odd situation, because it's the same sequence that is meant to be the core of the whole movie. Regardless of the particular scene, it seems that it all continues and does not go to the actual point. <br /> <br /> The DVD itself is not re-edited, but printing is very good and the bonus package is not very memorable and not bad. When everything is said and done, I give the RAZORI EDGE four letters of product values ​​and the readiness of everyone to take the material - but to be honest, it is the Power and Tierney fans who enjoy it for the stars and those whose ideas about spiritual enlightenment are the same vague as the film itself. <br /> <br /> GFT, Amazon Reviewer
