What if Somerset Maugham had written a novel coal mine who decided to look for transcendental enlightenment, trying to join a national club? If he had, he could have called it Razor's Edge, because Katha-Upanishad tells us: "The sharp edge of the razor is hard to pass, so it's wise to say that the road to salvation is difficult." But Maugham decided to hold on to a well-bred class, and so we have Darryl F. Zanuc's Larry Darrell version, which has been carefully restored recently in World War I, well-maintained in society and decided to become a coal mine. Or, as Maugham tells us, "This is the young man I write. He is not famous. It may happen that when he finally ends his life, he will not leave any traces as he lived in that country as a stone that is thrown into the water. remains on the surface of the water, but it may be that his own lifestyle may have an increasing impact on his companions, so long after his death maybe it is understood that he was a very remarkable creature of that age. "<br /> <br /> Razor's Edge has all of Zanuck's cultural taste that money could buy. It's so serious, so sincere ... so confident. As Larry goes in his quest for wisdom, working in mines, merchant ships, climbing from the Himalayan mountain to learn from the ancient man of man, we have our selfish girl friend Isabel, played by Gene Tierney, her tragic childhood, played by Anne Baxter, girlfriend snobbish and impeccably clad uncle , played by Clifton Webb and Willie Maugham himself, was played by Herbert Marshall. The film is so ruthlessly minded that the only thing that gets up a bit is Clifton Webb as Elliot Templeton. "If I can live a hundred, I never understand how every young man in Paris can get without clothes in the evening." Webb has some good features, but we're closing Clifton Webb, not Elliot Templeton. <br /> <br /> Zanuck wanted a prestigious twentieth century hit when he bought the rights to the Maugham novel. He waited a year until Tyrone Power was released from military service. He determined that dozens of well-dressed extremes sounded like the cathedral and even wrote some scenes themselves. The pursuit is as self-conscious as the fat man wearing a rented tux. Despite Hollywood's opinion of things at the edge of Razor, I can tell you that for most people, hard work does not bring light but fatigue and low wages. After almost two and a half hours we finally saw Larry carrying his duffle bag on a tramp-steamer. He is back from Europe to Europe with a calm smile. "My dear," Somerset says to Maugham Isabell at the same time in the nicely decorated salon, "Larry has found what we all want and very few of us ever get. I don't think anyone can be better and you see, my dear, goodness is After the greatest force in the world ... and he has it! "Larry and the audience need such a dose of Dramamine. <br /> <br /> Maugham, we do not forget, was a writer of beautiful exhibitions, novels, essays and short stories. See how some of his short stories appeared on the screen of Encore, Trio, and Quartet to see how the movies do him fairly. And instead of wasting time with Larry Darrell, spend time with Lawrence Durrell. The Alexandria Quartet is a good reading.
