In the summer of 1979, when this flick was under the name of the new HBO, the gas line was a summer and hostage crisis in Iran. The change in mood ended the loner-on-on-a mission of low-budget car films, although "Smokey & Bandit" held Roadrunner cartoons for real-time speed variations for a few more years. "Corvette Summer" is as peculiar as any previous movie like "Vanishing Point" or "Dirty Mary, Crazy Larry" if it is lighter and more sexy than most. Just finished a high school genius Kenneth (Hamill) goes to Vegas to get a car theft ring hanging from his Shop Glass masterpiece, super-tailored, right Vette. I-15 in the spiritual sense of the desert (see "Fear and hope in Las Vegas") he gets into a custom bath (yes, it was also the tail of van craze) that was held in the mobile bordello and during the sassy, ​​ambitious whore Vanessa (Potts) , your way to Sin City to do her, whatever that is an ambitious whore. VANessa, is that? Shy, innocent Kenneth is in Vegas over his head, but his all-American solution and his new friend who is helping him, although a hard-knitted young man is predictably less global than he first seems. Why, Vanessa's wife's age, Vanessa invested her talents, money and future in the world's oldest, but the least worthy profession, say, college or even a hairdresser to explain to young men who want to think that all women weigh at least for the joy of their careers. Remember the target audience, right? Hamill is a good choice for Whitebread Kenneth (the car doesn't even belong to him personally, but for his school), who doesn't stop his purpose from violence, money or even love - until he explains why the car was actually stolen. Potts works with style and energy, but Vanessa is an unbelievable but not the strangest testosterone machine. The bad guys are surprisingly human, especially always by the subtle Brion James. But there is not much activity and it is not a film that can be used for dialogue, plots or heavy topics. You can always reach, turn the TV selector and connect your "Pong" console. The same but more cunning "Stingray" by Chris Mitchum, which appeared at the same time, showed the camera but more skin, speed and chaos. The best features of each movie could have been to remember the Vette movie. So Trans Am managed to lead a box-office muscle car showroom. Another forgotten car movie that returned dead "Speed ​​Channel" fine weekend, Lost Drive-in.
