If you hit your teenagers in the 70s, as I did, you probably also remember studios 54 whether you liked the disco. Exclusive Club, this was the perfect symbol of 70's cultural overcrowding and self-pressure; there is even a great VH1 documentary from a club that could tell you everything you want to know about your prosperity, and the stories are just interesting enough to spawn a very exciting movie. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, this is not the case. 54 followed by some of his staff, a band named Shane (Ryan Phillippe), a bus driver called Greg (Breckin Meyer), his wife, Anita (Selma Hayek), and of course, champion ceremonies, Steve Rubell (Mike Meyers). Although the club's visits are well represented, this film is more about the personal lives of its employees, the closest to the Shane story. <br /> <br /> Film works in spurts. Sometimes it perfectly captures the low tide of nightlife culture (like when Shane is taken to a dinner party and doesn't know who is "Errol Flynt") and otherwise waxes hockey melodrama. Some of this is inherent in the assumption? following subjugations when they mix in a rich and fabulous world? but this is largely due to the childbirth treatment that both the club and Rubell have given during the film. Although Rubell surely electrified the scene in New York when he wanted a general spectacle and his exclusive hand-picking every night, drugs and sexuality strike only briefly; and Rubell himself, while his superfluity is mentioned, come strangely to a positive person who was alive a liar, cheating, drug abuser and everywhere hell. Not because I was looking for a man to be pillaged here, but his ego contributed to the downfall of his club and the decline in nightlife culture he helped to raise. The final scene where he looks at ordinary fathers is so emotionally wrong that it would be obviously absurd. <br /> <br /> Meyers is doing his best to hit Rubell, but he has been given so little work to make it surprisingly effective; but he is good and he helps to stop the movie. Philippe, who I think is a good actor in general, here prevents his character from being low and stupid; he is confined to the smile of the deer headlamps or the embarrassment that cannot be understood, and even if he cannot translate it into a strong result. Hayek and Meyer are okay, writing and Neve Campbell ?? DVD Cover Visibly? appears so briefly that he really has an expanded head. But even considering that it's not a movie for me, despite the predisposition. I would say that if this age or this club has an interest in you, then follow VH1's special, not the roadside melodrama.
