On top of that, Ruiz has set up a psychological thriller. Although this genre is not a classic piece satisfactory, there are benefits. The tensions between Huppert and Balibar that are calm but probably war over the boy they both claim are convincing; in a true European art house, Ruiz does not give us this tension, because women try to behave sympathetically with each other. The only voice that has been raised is that Huppert wakes up in a nightmare (an indisputable irrational event in the movie). <br /> <br /> In fact, if we follow the headline, the movie is as little a thriller skeleton as Jane. Campion is a cut. Instead, it is a psychological study between men. The boy, Camille (Nils Hugon), decides the practical joke by playing the mother emotionally vulnerable to another woman. Both women seem to be rather frightening and combine the problem. In the background, there is an unreasonable psychologist (Charles Berling), a quick confrontation with the lives of women - his sister Huppert, a sitter or his couple - and thus acting as a symbolic adult as a counterweight to the peaceful and (learning) manipulative Camille. Of particular interest is that, like Father Henry James's screw, Denis Podalydes is not a legal player during his father's film. Ruiz is fashioned by Huppert's reaction to the close return of the film at the moment of Oedipal. <br /> <br /> Read as a thriller or a psychiatric essay, this movie is finally quite disappointing. I'm officially quite fed up with Mme Huppert's screen method, which is too buried and so I look at her on stage before I return to (European - enjoying the gate of Heaven) movies. Support is good. Ruiz, however, does not take any advantage. In addition to some bad lighting and some deliberately bizarre, it is as if his direction left the characterization inaccessible - I especially think of Edith Scob's shaman's neighbor Isabelle, who is acting in knowing but communicating with discomfort. Sets do not connect forward with driving training - the tension already mentioned is not only weakly scattered, but also reduced its directional potential. <br /> <br /> Want to see a good modern French thriller? Go and see the L'Appartement. 4/10
