I absolutely despise this movie. No wonder Jose Larraz "gave up" one point and refuses to discuss it. I admire Larraz's work, especially her twilight sex / sex maniac thrillers like SAVAGE LUST or SCREAM AND DIE. His work is somehow inevitable because he does not seem to be off, partly because of his second career in art and comic art. It is too bad that he never did west, his vision would have been perfect. <br /> <br /> BLACK CANDLES is just her most famous film and probably her most famous VAMPYRES masterpiece. And this celebrity has been turned around in a scene where a satanic cave creates a strange ritual that includes goat breeding fluid, which symbolizes the beast - as some nausea balm used to make a murdered man's sister. her as the bride of Satan. This scene is staged so that it looks quite convincing even without displaying any piping. Perhaps the goat outfits, based on actress histrionics hired to play a candidate in ritual, and many guttura recycled musical scores, heard one and a half films by Jacinto Molina. The perverse nature of the scene is more visible from the graphical detail, which is somewhat raised by the knowledge that the said recipient is actually the daughter of the satanic priest's teenage. My, but they had fun making this movie. <br /> <br /> The problem is that the thin story of ROSEMARY'S BABY derives from the fact that a woman is weaned from her role by Satan's bride with a complex Satanist union, living in the most marginalized peripheral parts of Britain. According to the feeling of Eurohorror, these Satanists of Helga Line consist of doctors, lawyers, landowners and other noble persons who actually carry their professional success in worshiping their devil. All you have to do is sell your soul and the world can be yours, just see who you can sell to pay back a small personal conflict, or you can get into a sword. <br /> <br /> The film attempts to combine this desolate satanic journey with the success or outline, and it should be rightly considered to be the tip or culmination of a tip or fear of Spanish thriller traditions, partly supported by Mr. Molina & Ms. Line, which was stunningly flourishing under one of the dictator Generalissimo Franco, who led Spain until 1976. When he lived in his decree, it was that Spanish cinema must be free of graphic images on the screen. Spanish directors often made two versions of their films, one of which was hidden from their screens and the other was exhibited on display. As complicated as filmmakers had self-expression, the result was a kind of interesting tension, usually resulting from the flirting of banned artists: the 1970s Spanish horror has a very special taste that is somewhat acquired by taste. It's not for everyone. <br /> <br /> But in the odd course of events, without Franco's influence on their culture, in the late 1970s, the Spanish horror dried up when their Gothic castles and demonic slaves suddenly found themselves as compared to new feelings like JAWS and STAR WARS . And without Franco's limitations, they were suddenly out of the open in the early 1970s or early 1980s with the outflow of graphic thrillers, of which BLACK CANDLES is perhaps the best known for having emphasized sexual deviation from a barnyard. Larrazi's greatest horror films have always turned around with sexual taboos (VAMPYRES lesbian, SCREAM AND DIE & DEVIATION incest), but the impact of intimidation is overshadowed by the rest of the production. No one cares about anything else but traditionally censorship, and watching a cut version in a camp without a scene is almost pointless. Sex is not graphic enough to judge that porn and chills are not cold enough to frighten. <br /> <br /> So BLACK CANDLES is essentially a behavioral study - here's how the British Satanists are high. can behave in their separated manors in the West Midlands or elsewhere. Actresses / actors sit around the sexual scenes and have many discussions. The best thing the film has done is undoubtedly the atmosphere of claustrophobia, where most of the activities take place in the tightly enclosed interiors of Mrs. Line's characteristic mansion. Almost every whore's path suggests that fans of soft-hearted sex events who are suffering from a supernatural horror will be entertained, and of course the sexual criminals within us enjoy the choking of their chickens in a goat tree district. However, the end result of the film is silly, pretentious, intelligent offense, and probably perfect for such an otherwise forgotten workout. <br /> <br /> 2/10; Without a goat, this movie isn't just the same, and it's probably too much for most viewers. Larraz was right when he gave up.
