Note that the film is strange, hidden, and the letters Catherine Zeta-Jones do not mean that it is good. Such is the "Blue Juice", a 1995 British flick about an unlikely group of surfing enthusiasts, which seems (to stupid America, anyway) an even more unlikely place to find surfers: Cornwall, England. You might think that it has the effects of a fun, peculiar little comedy. If only. The film is just over ninety minutes, but it seems infinite. The easiest way to describe it is the kind of "90's British version of" Grease "without dancing, but even this makes it sound better than it is. No, the best way to do that is with a small part of the small town. Catherine Zeta-Jones plays Chloe, a young woman who lives with a surfer instructor, JC (Sean Pertwee; remember her). Pertwee is actually a movie star and his character is a small surfing-dedicated group, a group of necessary alcohols that inevitably live such films. In this case, it consists of a drug dealer who wants to be a journalist, a former nightclub dj who wants to be a record producer, and a fat guy who fades in an unnecessarily expanded scene and loses all his obstacles, which of course turns out to be the best he ever did with him. I cannot honestly say that everything that is happening with blue juice is predictable because it is in place and reflects the practices and practices that I don't know, but there is definitely nothing surprising or even interesting about what is happening there or characters. But comedy is very predictable and tired. One might think that the settings are a few miles away and almost show a dialogue (of course in American form) before the participants do it. The relationship between JC and Chloe is completely outraged. He wants him to grow; he wants them to be the rushing teens they started. He is afraid to lose his face with his gang; he thinks he prefers them. You get the idea. When I tried to focus on the concentration of blue juice, I finally felt like it was an hour and a half of my life, which I would never get back.
