About five minutes and I saw where it was. School high school children get angry by school management and thoughts of rebellion begin. I told my girlfriend: if it's less than 5 in IMDb, I'll go to the book. It got 5.0 so he convinced me to look. What are the good things? Well, it is good that this movie doesn't have a story, because editing would surely have left it away. It's like a pupil's drawing that one of the teachers pulled up, all the footage of this movie was cut out in a crash that covered the meat mill and left half of the stock destroyed, the other half was split for two seconds. Even within ten seconds of local TV news, there are about six cuts and three different angles. And then there are assemblies. All of these are set for electronic music that warns you of another assembly, so like a Pavlov dog, you start every time you hear it, which is about every three minutes. Oh, I had to say what's good about this movie. Well, the film was filmed very well, with a nice color palette that was well suited to the emotional content of the scenes as it was there. Okay, now the movie with a big mistake, and it wasn't a story or its absence. The director made this deadly mistake by guiding you wrongly for people and situations, not for wise storytelling, but being very selective about what to show about the main characters. It's just cheating. I think he did it to make the central character more pleasant. But it just got annoying. If the story is full of holes, it is not good to steer the observer wrong. And there was often no point for that. And then the end. In principle, it turns out that the main criminal of peace is okay, like a coward. In addition, what seemed to be the whole point of the film is that you should set a fair cause in your head with the guesswork already mentioned, and make it a point about the nature of revolutions already made. and much better, in a livestock farm. It also devoted itself to what I call Bill Cosby's sin: no matter how things first seem, the adults are always the right ones and the children are always wrong. And to be honest, if you're not me, it's not just true.
