Sammy Horn (Michael Des Barres) is the chef and owner of the famous restaurant in California. She has a lovely woman, Grace Horn (Rosanna Arquette), who is pregnant, and a beautiful son, about five years old. Sammy really loves his family, but like dr. Jeckyll and Mr. Hyde, he has a double life, sex with many different women. Dr Jane Bordeaux (Nastassja Kinski) is trying to help her. OK, this is my fault: I read the summary of comments from other IMDB users, I saw the IMDB users rating, but I really didn't think Rosanna Arquette and Nastassia Kinski could participate in such a bad movie. I decided to check it out and some comments are very satisfied. The story, the scenario, and the dialogues are so stupid and ridiculous that even in some X-rated movies we find more intelligent stories. Photography is so amateurish and naive that in some parts it seems to be through a VHS camcorder. Michael Des Barres has no laughter: an old man, bald, would be acceptable on Viagra's or a little boy's grandfather's ad. But if the tempting man who gets and has sex with every woman is scary. In Wood Allen's comedy he got a chance, but in the "serious" movie it is funny. I'm trying to explain why or how Rosanna Arquette and Nastassia Kinski accepted participating in such a terrible, amateur and trash. Do they have money? Lack of better movies due to their age? Are they the "directors" friends (sorry for using this word) and decided to help and promote him? I don't know if Rosanna Arquette's goal was to show her breasts full of silicone, but it is unacceptable that such a big actor will accept such a script. The same goes for proud Nastass and Kink. He is presented without grease, without a glamor, without glamor. The lack of full respect for one of the most beautiful actors in cinema history. The fact is really intriguing: how can the reader advertise this in the trash without personal interest, giving higher ratings or writing positive comments about this movie? Are they the "directors" friends (again, I use that word ...) or cast? It seems to me very strange that the usual IMDB reader likes this movie. My voice is two. <br /> <br /> Title (Brazil): "Viciado Em Sexo" ("Addicted to Sex")
