You cannot deny that we have an affinity for speed. That's why movies like Fast and Furious, Dhoom, Rempit are played for audiences, especially for local people. We live on a small island and I cannot understand why, for the sake of the relative efficiency of the public transport system, most of us want debt, having wheels that come to our shore with a 100% tax, and numerous taxes and bills to pay when they work. Not only that, top-notch sports machines were once hung up by a northerly prominent politician, so they never get to the fourth move so they don't get into the sea. <br /> <br /> These films are relatively easy to make. Hot wheels and hot chicks move well together to guide the required demographic targets. Once upon a time, these two-legged legs that reveal legs and short skirts, raising their feet to two meters, compete with those beautiful curves that exotic cars have in such films. Of course, among us (ahem), those who go to portray sexists as women are simply sexual objects (otherwise explain why the engines show that they are model trucks, and movies like they can't get without a frameless model), they don't guarantee that such collective orgasms sigh when four wheels come on the screen, even if they don't do exactly anything and have parking. The man who sits next to me swear he moisturizes his pants every time his dream car (s) appear, and exfoliates his pants even more when he hears those crumbling engines. <br /> <br /> So we have it, the fanboys who turned to droves to see what the latest cool cars in the movie are showing. With the Fast and Furious franchise, Japanese models like Evos and Skylines take center stage as well as GT. Here, the Ford GT takes an amazingly worthy facade change that has even impressed, such as the latest models like Ferrari Enzos, Porshe Carerra GT, Koenigsegg CCX and all cars with door wings. But seriously, my heart goes to cars every time they are ruthlessly destroyed for entertainment. It is a perfectly perfect, high-performance model that is at the top of driving, but since everyone who funded the film was making millions of strokes because they can do it, <br /> <br /> Redline, just excuses to put together beauty full of film (cars) that are capable of asphalting the most boring fashion and conventional pedals (always accelerator, remember, braking the brake). the pedal is equivalent to blasphemy and earns you respect), steering wheels, gear shifting (always moving up and down), all the actors do, pretend they are the worst asses with a motor that stabs and gives everyone a dirty look . The actor does not have a very long order and that is why we will ever get the most terrible performances, the lines of which seem to be written by primary school students. <br /> <br /> Heroine (yes, she made a statement that girls can drive) Natasha (a very plastic-looking Nadia Bjorlin) is one of those millions of dollar hits - the model girl looks who doesn't mind quadruple and baptizes in oil who Inside is a racing generation and performs with a rock band singing songs that are just ridiculous (each line was tied up with cars and just singing the lovers of gear, lubricants and driving was just about to put them in love). She wants her illegal racing, known as the infamous (Eddie Griffin), against illegal racing, involving family movements that include Leo DiCaprio's appearance as an Iraqi war veteran and some little lacherous looking uncle. Everything else, as I said, just goes to the race of the film race. <br /> <br /> And it is almost always the same, because the voltage is very limited. race cars, especially if you know that the race is rigged (for narrative reasons) and you will see the result of the competition a mile away from the finish line. Though Fast and Furious had quite charismatic actors and I put my head on a fine block called Paul Walker, Sun Kang, and of course the star he created - Vin Diesel, Redline had nothing but a pretty face-to-the-air, unfortunately. It looks like a TV movie at your fingertips, a very opening opening sequence where it's one man, one car and 105 minutes of racing time with Vegas. <br /> <br /> If not for cars, this movie is seriously junk, with bad, bad and bad acts. Strictly for car fans or for those who love their movies with countless decorations that struggle with their body without speaking.
