In this movie, the scene is about a 42-minute mark, one of the worst I've seen for a while. As F. Scott Fitzgerald (Gregory Peck) and Sheilah Graham (Deborah Kerr) are resting on the beach, things suddenly become tense and Sheilah starts crying - at this point he tells his lover about his bad past. This "dramatic scene" becomes so terrible and hysterical that I could not help but turn to my wife and shout how stupid it was ... as the dramatic music on television swelled because it all came fake. NO ONE EXPERIENCE THESE MOMENTS - ANYONE. Now that the rest of the movie is true, I can't say, but that particular moment was ridiculously bad and fake as the $ 8 Rolex - and I assume some other reviewers were right - the movie is a lot of bedrooms. But I am not an expert on the lives of these two people and the internet does not seem like that either. Who were F. Scott Fitzgerald and Sheilah Graham and what were their relationships? However, Fitzgerald seems to be no different from what I saw in the film. Was he a lively and decent person we first saw in the movie? Well, given that he married at the same time as he ran with Graham and drank like a fish, I assume he wasn't. Was he so nasty and nervous as we saw in the movie later? Maybe, but if he was that bad AND yet Mrs. Graham stayed with her, it makes her a complete dummy - and no one you want to see in the movie. And if he didn't, the film made the poor poor. In both cases, it was a painful and not particularly pleasant viewing experience. <br /> <br /> The total amount of this movie seems to be a story of two not very pleasant or healthy people. In a dark and pleasant sense, some may find it all very fun, but most of them are sure to have a train wreck that has no surprises! An unpleasant but shiny production value (especially the music that was cute but up) raises the question "why did they even decide to do it first?". The bottom line - it's a pretty bad movie all over and probably not your time - even if you're like a big Gregory Peck fan.
