I HATE AIR FILES ... ALL OF THEM! Actually, I hate them all with passion! First of all, they are cheap and they have no finished work! Secondly, they insult the aviation industry and tell the audience that all the planes are ... ALL OF THE DIFFERENCES AND ERRORS! <br /> <br /> Why am I on such a movie? It can happen to any of us and with the worsening consequences that those movie characters have suffered ... which is the only airline disaster yarn, as it is. I hate this movie because it's like all 50,000,000 stupid-ass plane chaos movies before that! Freefall is like everyone else: nothing more than boredom before the dramatic scenes of crooked bulls. First of all, we have the same hit on the trap of this flying death: the three-member Cleaver-esquire family, the yuppie bastard and the airplane bitch with a big blonde hairstyle since 1987 to tear down someone who is at least a little scared! My second handle is that it shouldn't be a full-length movie, but a documentary that explains everything about Air Canada's "Gimbli glider" incident, or "Freefall", until security measures are taken. / / <br /> My third and last handle is with all this caliber airplane (except Fearless). Why did a hell man sender instruct passengers there to remove shoes? (I understood high heels and sharp, loose items, but c'mon!) Like the fact that they make them no longer king safer than now! This plane, if they (passengers) knew nothing better: you knew they were going to hit the ground. Why would you force 100 injured people down on a rubber slider that can cause skin peeling and break up to walk in your stocking legs in the debris field! Does it make sense to anyone? <br /> <br /> The ABC series "Lost" was intimidating and hit by a deeper and more realistic air accident than just "plane flaws - people panic managers become assholes-airplanes without wheels and jackets, etc. nonsense! Freefall was so typical of the air-crash movie that I almost assumed that Charlton Heston or Peter Graves were invading the devil's salon. Should we at least see how these badly-acting characters return to their usual routine instead of the joy of the tragedy they face A typical moral lifetime movie! Cheap and stupid! <br /> The director of FreeFall should stay with cheap TV movies with white middle-aged women who have foolish teenage kids who are drug users and have marital problems. sit for over an hour and half the airport wannabe rehash, I hope they will no longer make such aircraft crises. If it were like the "Lost" ABC series, it would look something. But it's totally crap and some. Stop the "Airport 1975" disaster movie for every plane! This is not an "airport", it is a cheap pathetic waste of my time. I do not recommend this movie or air-to-air catastrophe movie to anyone, not even to my worst enemies.
