Maybe you want to know I'm not Mormon, unlike many of those who have already reviewed this movie. I mention that you realize that the way I watch a movie can be very different in faith. For some, the film's criticality may be considered critical of faith - and that is not my intention. So, my review is that the foreign artist is trying to enter and learn more about who this man and his people were. Well, after seeing the film, I doubt if I've learned much at all. Since I have been a teacher of history, I have a good background knowledge of both young and Joseph Smith, as well as the teachings of the Church. But anyone who wants to see this movie to really learn something is likely to be disappointed because the film looks so nice and nice - too nice and too unreal. In addition, you learn practically anything about church beliefs, except those who are nice people, work hard and some have a lot of women (and this last part has barely hinted at the film). Instead, people in their simplified image are almost comic-like. Joseph Smith and Brigham Young and their followers are angels, non-Mormons were all devils and Brian Donlevy (playing exactly the same type of role Edward G. Robinson who later played in TEN COMMANDMENTS) is a problem solver who claims to be Mormon, but just comes so that the film would have a bad man. It's all that simple ... too simple. Almost like an indoctrination film or infomercial. Brigham Young was a very complicated person with a lot of good points (excellent organizer and visionary) and bad (not even getting started with me) his views on blacks in church or marriage. Such a vague term to portray him is simply silly. It is also much like Gandhi's portrayal of Ben Kingsley - only the facts that led him to the super-human were emphasized. Heck, now that I think about it, this is a problem with most religious films - they often come in one-dimensional, tritium and bliss. Let's have a complete and complete movie about these men - what is left of facts and not emotional complaints. <br /> <br /> Now that you can ignore the fact that you don't believe much in faith or its other leader, the movie is quite enjoyable. It is obvious that somebody has really cared about the 20th-century Fox movie because they had an excellent actor (Tyrone Power), up-and-coming actors (Linda Darnell, Jane Darwell and Vincent Price) and wonderful characters (Dean Jagger, John Carradine and Brian Donlevy). The film also had an excellent location and a lot of shine. We just didn't have much to tell us when they were all "swelling". In addition, there were many factual errors and a couple just an empty scene. Some mistakes include taking over the roles of young people right after Joseph Smith's death (that was three years later), not mentioning the different names of Mormon and cleavage groups, "gold in California" - although it was 1847 and gold was not discovered before 1948, nor was there any particular reputation polygamate or many Smith women. Simple foolish scenes include Carradin, who pulls out the weapon and throws it into the courtroom scene - and someone seemed caring - though it was a very hostile audience! Don't you think at least the judge would tell him to put it down and stop the men from threatening it? <br /> <br /> One last comment. Don't be afraid, don't look at this movie when it is shown in American Movie Classics (one big station that has fallen in recent years). Although I am critical of the film because of this simplified message, I was frightened of the total disrespect that the station had about the church and its traditions. What I mean is it. The movie was split by ads for penis enlargement formulas and pop-ups (some ads with an "sexiest cast" exhibition). Talk about disrespect and harshness and I would be as offended if they did it for other religious films. By doing so, they not only insult the faith, but marginalize their market - after all, who listens to these things and Brigham Young's life? Is it a form of film that you can show to your children or recommend to others?
