Nahhh! Leila (Grace Mills) is a teenager who has joined Richard (and LSD) with his archeologist fiancée Richard. In the neighborhood of an outdated castle, there is a hip-demon cult in the neighborhood, where Leila and Richard drink blood, drop drugs, join sexual organs, dance psychedelic rock and participate in black mass ceremonies where boys wear pants, masks and coats and women do not wear anything. Unfortunately, such extracurricular activities have left Leila under a terrible "evil spirit" to demonic possession. Leila also comes from a screwed family that doesn't help. His older brother, John, is a bright person who seems to be in love with him. His mother Patricia (Maria Perschy) is depressed because she thinks she is responsible for her father's death. Up, her sister (Maria Kosti) is a slutty semi pro golfer named (gasp!) Debbie Gibson. There's a lot of hired help to waste more time. Two neighbors (a young man who takes his clothes off and old who spies to everyone), plus Udo (Luis Indun), a bald voyeur champion, laughing at Leila's clothes, taking her nude pictures and hitting a pool house to take her freshly used bathing suit to sniff . Oh yeah and Borg, a pet German shepherd. <br /> <br /> Paul Naschy is the father of Adrian Dunning, a suspicious priest (zzzzz) who is going to hit around after John and Richard have turned their heads. Leila tells her, "They say I'm perverted and I'll prove it is true!" During his birthday, he tells his guests, "You put me sick! I hate you all!" and when the mother advises the doctor to come, she smiles, "I don't want to see this fat ass!" Debbie says they put Leila in a "sanitary room," but Leila runs down and joins the cult again. He has been rescued (again) and brought home (third time). <br /> <br /> According to the point of this movie, it is only ten minutes to go and everything we saw in principle is a bit boring, speaks and refers to how terrible and alive their lives are, and how Leila is strangely acting. It is almost as embarrassing to sit through Andy Milligan's movie, which has gore and laughs. But in the last few minutes we get a movie with the title - EXORCIST-like possession flick. Unfortunately, the best part is the contact lenses that Leila carries. Some cheap slowed slashes appear on her hands, feet and face, she becomes a nervous lips and her eyes take on the appearance of blue and white marble. She starts to rip out rotten meat, shines some clear gunk, starts talking with her dead father's voice, slips her mother into the bedroom, hitting her a little and calling her "whore's dirty bitch". In the future, Father Adrian, who now finally believes he is really in control, slams his attempts to seduce, hallucinates frogs and eels are under the kitchen and give Leila holy water. Doors open and close, reflected, sudden thunder and his bed rising out of the floor. After he's dealing with Dunning and two rolls down the stairs, it is the spirit to exclude him? Why, Borg family pooch! The demon then turns on the dog to Adrian and looks at him just before he fires in poker. Then we get one of the most annoying final shots that are ever dedicated to the film. It is on the floor of Leila, where she returns to her normal sexy self with a ridiculous shutdown. But then there is another outdated effect that seems to indicate that the demon has relocated his body. It's so badly done that you really have no idea what to do about it, which is the ultimate bump face for anyone who has just realized that one and a half hours it has been worthless in POS. <br /> <br /> Turn the contacts, 1 out of 10.
