... You can't pull her out of her way because she's old; And if you are a charity, you might say that the embarrassing walking he is driving is not his fault. However, in such circumstances, it is often difficult to get upset when you find yourself pulling your heels awake. So, in the case of "Pallbearer", this is an attempt to do something "different" with romantic comedy, which in this way is mainly stuck because the place is wrong; sort of show off your "breakdancing" skills at grandparent funeral. <br /> <br /> Further expansion of the metaphor (perhaps meaningless!); like an old lady, the film's structure begins to feel her death is not far off. Certainly, this "death" is agonizingly protracted, slowly occupying our empathy reserves in small small steps, because we depressingly realize that the procedure is only going in one direction: downhill. His laborious attempts to "humor" are seen when they stay for miles - again, not unlike the inevitable inevitability of death. <br /> <br /> Once again, the image of "pulled heels", the main character, Tom, shows that this activity is consistently repeated throughout his life. If there is a really "pathetic" degree, then this juice is probably a good notation for Schwimmer's other famous role. To find yourself in an awkward situation where you need to bring the audience's sympathy to a character, even more than "clueless" when Ross is definitely hard to ask even as a "capable" comic performer like Schwimmer, but I think he can find a fault for signing some serious "echo" situation first. <br /> <br /> How does he escape from his most famous image when he chooses scripts where characters can almost be "interchangeable" even if the situation is not? A man with a long-standing high school breaks someone he hasn't seen for years. Sound familiar ...? Paltrow is nothing but his "Rihel" role to be blissful, but it all goes over to the old ground, if the noticeable DIFFERENTS would not be so inconsistent. Unfortunately, the romantic element is so worn that it is coarse and the "background" is so inappropriate that it seems that the best way to describe the resulting movie is something "stiff" ...! 2/10.
