I'm surprised at how many comments have been collected on this movie. It was more of a disappointment to me, especially the combination of historical facts, fantasy, and the inner confusion of the main game does not work at all (Vonnegut's "The Slaughterhouse Way and even George Roy Hill's Adjustment for this Screen"). Reliability is often overwhelmed. Too many questions remain open. Did I miss some central points? Or could I not identify points that allegedly merge points? <br /> <br /> A boy named Campbell, Jr. is growing up in New York. At home, his father has many technical trade documents and one book. Here are photos of a bunch of corpses. The boy moves through the book, his father doesn't like him to do it. What should it tell me? The family moves from New York to Berlin. BANG. It's 1938, the boy is a married man in Berlin and a theater playwright. What stories does he write? In what language? Is he successful? His wife is an actor and looks glamorous. Parents move back to the US and invite their son to do the same. He doesn't. Why? As he grew up in Germany, he knows more German than American? Because he's successful? Because his wife is? Because she likes her life? Because he likes the Nazis? Because he's just lazy and doesn't like change? Don't ask me. <br /> <br /> It is possible that a man just doesn't care about politics, is a sort of existentialist. He says he's deeply in love with his wife. He speaks of his two republics (which means he and his wife). There is little or no evidence to prove his love for his wife in the film; <br /> <br /> American request Campbell, Jr., agrees to give antisemitism Nazis hate propaganda to American listeners as a means of transmitting encrypted messages to American authorities who read lines. An important meeting with an agent at the Berlin Park Ping is short, unexciting and anti-climactic, the decision to play with is pretty easy, without explanation, the broadcaster's rise seems to be negligible and probably fast. So now we have Campbell, Jr., who presents himself as the last free America. The secret messaging scheme is quite realistic and exciting - although it is wondering what happened when Campbell, Jr., really and honestly had to cough, luxe, etc. Anyway, the Nazis, the woman dies (riding in the Crimea for German soldiers - I've never heard such excursions in Germany in World War II), Campbell, Jr. dragging his mug (how?) to Auschwitz's sightseeing trip, then releasing it and moving it with the Crucial Agent somewhere in the city of New York. /> <br /> AND HOW TO ATTENTION ATTENTION <br /> <br /> BANG. From now on, it's like Paul Auster's story. In 1961, Campbell, Jr., lives in New York as a rental apartment and mourns the loss of his wife. No one cares - or not? Yes, somehow they do, and his neighbors offer some attention. Auschwitz survivors. Painter. Some American senior champions discover "him and want him to have their face. They even find his supposed dead wife or his wife? Finally, Campbell, Jr., invites the Israeli consulate and they give him great war crimes by placing him next to Adolf Eichmann. in the box, writes his biography, and when this task is finished, he hangs in the typewriter of the typewriter without being able to relax. Although I see the need for guilt and harm, I just had the impression that the main a character is a person who is always quite indifferent to everything and hardly able to love anyone. It was hard to understand the loose one who mourns his loss, amazing, many reviewers focus on the situation of their potential war dogs, having made their reputation for playing the last free america. but Film shows that by giving up Campbell the task has created a win-win situation for it because it would have been politically thin u half regardless of who had won the war. The danger of his discovery never comes from the first part of the story. <br /> <br /> It can be argued that the whole story is a dreamy fantasy and that no one should worry about historical accuracy or logical development. story explaining everything. But even then, this is not a reason to suspect, because the love relationship between the Republics of the two countries is completely flat. This is a pity, especially if you think that the woman was played by a talented, versatile and sensual actor Sheryl Lee. He has too little screen time and is forced to use a ridiculous German accent. Another somewhat overlooked aspect is the different texts (confession, transmission and hidden messages), but I think it is largely unclear. Maybe I should give the book a chance.
