If the term itself is not geographically and semantically meaningless, you may refer to "Ned Kelly" as "Australian Western". People Down Under, Ned Kelly was probably a nation's hero bandit similar to Robin Hood, Jesse James, Bonnie and Clyde and Butch Cassidy and Sundance Kid. As a descendant of Irish immigrants, Kelly became a refugee and a law after being accused of being guilty of a lawyer in Australia for a crime for which she was equally imprisoned. Kelly, his brother Dan, and two other companions, notorious bank robbers, turned to the government for this ill-treatment, winning the hearts of many rural areas and striving for justice in a country where the Irish immigrants were often treated with disrespect and contempt. <br /> <br /> Maybe because we have met so much in the past of this "gentleman's gang" scenario, "Ned Kelly" is terribly familiar and unoriginal. expresses respect for any number of genre stereotypes and clichés on the inevitable showdown. Ned is a typical golden heartbreaker who only kills when he is forced and even when he is deeply sorry. He also has a normal crowd pulse when he puts a valuable clock back in the middle of a bank robbery after one of his gangs has been so careful. What movie hasn't shown this scene on this topic? This is, of course, a selective generosity that will serve him with love and respect for all those small people who come secretly to admire someone who can prevent this power and situation. Geoffrey Rush plays a typical enforcer of imprisoned laws, who makes a personal contribution to dealing with his resurrection, who keeps himself abandoned. There is even an inevitable episode in which one of the women detained goes to the next room and is sexually abducted with one of the robbers, so that she is a romantic attack on a robbing lifestyle. And the film is one after the other confused with each other. <br /> <br /> Heath Ledger does not distinguish himself as a title by giving little substance to make his character interesting or interesting. It does not help that he is forced to give a loud voice command that emphasizes both character and the holiness and pretentiousness of the film. <br /> <br /> "Ned Kelly" can be a different kind of function than a lesson in Australian history, but as an entertainment it is the same old story that was discussed with different accents.
