I had heard some bad things about Cabin Fever almost as much as I heard the culture leap. As it turns out, the first movie is Eli Roth's new impressive movie, so IQ points will fall when the movie progresses. There are worse films and definitely more (though I'm not sure how hype-meter was so high for a haematopoietic hostel here is a good amount for genre fans). The prerequisite is not necessarily bad: the children go to a solemn salon a week, but come together with a very sick person covered by blood, who was panicked. He pushes the water that feeds the reservoir, and soon all these characters leave the meat-eating virus in one way or another. Characters, whether leading college children (including the Rider Strong as a hero and James DiBello as a hessian sidebar) or "village" people, can understand the inertial point, if not painfully. <br /> <br /> As they meet their fates, the townspeople become quite strange, and it seems to be simply uselessly thrown out without many smiles; "Pancakes boy" comes out somewhere and maybe it would have been in some other movie or itself, but in the rest of the movie it just doesn't work. There's also a young police character who is even uncomfortable and less convincing than others. And the family that follows the DiBello case has some options that aren't realized. But all the time, Roth pumps his script wisely out of the window and unexpected fears and fears when people hack blood and kill dogs. Not all are. Now, unlike smaller Troma horror movies or even smaller 70s or 80s, for whom I'm sure Roth is a tough fan, he doesn't make it unobtrusive. It is also wise not to have the origin of the virus. But unlike these films, he doesn't really have a good idea of ​​what makes great career times. His film tries it naturally and only one or two times makes it a funny, bloody time (I liked the occasional bunny Strong vision during the gurney). It hasn't even been very badly time-consuming (although the style choices that it has painted have a red tone on the lens or the story of a bowler worker). It simply contains a lot of illogical scenarios and choices (shave your feet with a deadly virus, uh-huh) and its purpose is a pretty typical land. If it is your way, more strength. But in the end I found that this is actually an extraordinary territory of the genre that does not violate the public domain of Saw, but does not help the fence as a clever B-film. Roth also has a tendency to end the mis-the-hell movie with a real comment, as the clerk of the Santa Claus-equipped beard serves a lot of black people from a previous film. It could work if he followed something better, or if he dropped it completely. The same can be said about the movie. C-
