The premise of Cabin Fever begins as MIGHT has something to offer. A group of college teenagers after the finals (fall?) Going to the resort cab in the woods, where one invades the invisible meat-eating virus. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, the first paragraph is where all the film quality stop elements. Cabinet fever is a little more than college kids looking for sex, rhinitis, not talking about non-stop and seeing how many F bombs they get for 1:40 minutes or how long this mess is. <br /> <br /> Kids act and react foolishly around them. For example, one of them finds that the skin virus has infected her legs, so what does she do? He keeps his feet shaving for his wounds. The scene is a little more than gross. In the second scene, "Boy Meets World" rider can bite heavily by a child who only says "pancakes" and loves to hit the karate for those sitting next to him. If you can find out why the "Pancakes" boy was involved, I would like to know. Anyway, the Rider pet wild dog and goes out to wash his bitten hand most likely to be contaminated by the stream. Another child loves to fall into the F bombs that react to everyone around him and squirrels. Why? Your guess is as good as mine! <br /> <br /> Rider Strong is ONLY a child who has any appreciation for this movie. She tries to calm people and scream and shout and F *** Y **! bombs that people are throwing around. If children do not shout, they talk or talk about sex or talk about meaninglessness to other adult characters who are even more (if possible) idiotic than children! An Idiot policeman whose IQ is at best 60 can be one of WORST's actions I've ever seen in the movie. You're talking about people who don't play in full pack, this dork doesn't even know how to find cards! LOL! I was like, "Are you already PLEASE closed?" He makes the child's actors like geniuses! The only part I liked was Rider's terrifying story (albeit gory) of a reversed bowler. In interviews, Rider said he had a lot of respect for director Eli Roth. The problem, however, is that Mr Roth seems to be a little more than shock and gore. There are too many bad things about this movie to get credit from Mr. Roth. I wish I could agree with Rider and find something nice about this movie. Maybe landscapes are beginning to fall? In fact, Rider Strong records this movie from 1! Hopefully, he was compensated for this junk!
