I don't really know if Cabin Fever should be a joke or a movie ... But as far as I know, it is much closer than joking than anything else. A few years ago, the horror film community decided to take a new step and have fun with the genre, giving birth to the Scream series. The Screamer featured a list of all the stupid things the horror characters do, what is predictable, and the Scream characters ended up with exactly the same things that added a lot of humor and irony to the genre analysis, and hoped that the horror movies from now on will show a little difference, whether full of jelly, detachment of the movie or at least with a different dramatic process than all the "old" films that met the same tired criteria. Seeing "Cabin Fever", many see how the newborn, serious, pretentious, boring, and not even frightening of some supposedly "scary" movies are now, even a few years later. First of all, this film lacks originality by only a few others. How many times have it been said how little imagination the leaders of the fear are today, transforming the foreign successes, but placing the film in the woods in the forest just doesn't seem to be something, it seems, just, ripoff. Who wants to be surprised by the other factors of the film is not: again, we are dealing with a film whose characters are only in the early twenties who do not think rationally in front of the problem rather than arguments for hours and accept struggles than try to think and do something about it. There's not much excitement there either. For the 60th time in the horror film, they are being tempted to kiss, love and just basically have fun, all kinds of things that do not make them different from other victims of horror films seen before. Secondly, this film is unimaginably serious. Any situation where characters are, every dialogue, every situation in the film is so serious that any seer with little understanding is released when some signs eventually die. Nothing about the way a movie is directed, written or operated does not show any sense of humor or sarcasm that is quite amazing, given that the film is an invisible and never-obsessed-pre-meat-eating virus (please don't laugh). I don't even see the actor, because I don't participate in this movie. Definitely hired by a cast with friends or neighbors. Third, and it strikes everyone who has seen a "good" horror movie before, the scenario is completely empty. Nothing really happens, some activities are repeated several times ("Let's Get Help!"), Nothing makes sense in the facts, the psychology of the characters, and in the last line of the film, which is probably supposed to be funny by the director and screenwriters. Finally, I just note that the horror film should have something frightening. Counterfeit blood gallons, whether they were vomited, cracked from isolated limbs or just dripping from wounds, were never enough to scare the audience. Essential features such as scenario, idea, and even cruelty are required if someone claims to have shot something frightening. If I didn't consider it a complete failure, I would agree that the film has one talent: it's a dirty nasty look. Yet there are two very different feelings, though they are intimidated and intimidated, be it known. <br /> <br /> I would like to encourage somebody who is curious or interested in seeing this movie to watch older horror movies of older people, why not 60s, 70s, 80s, Wes Craveni, Dario Argento, Sam Raimi, Stanley Kubrick, David Lynchi, Roger From the films by Corman, William Lustig, John Carpenter ... it may not only give a good definition of what is a frightening or confident horror, but also convinces viewers that "new" is not necessarily "better". A good example of the film is the few stories Angelo Badalamenti had for the film, although they are obviously close to their previous compositions.
