Those of you who, like me, were disappointed with the original 1995 horror thread, "Fear" finds more that this stupid little step is disappointed. It is similar to a similar plot, but it is not possible to connect to the original except for a wooden manikin in the presence of a monster Morty. Here is a brief overview. Twenty years after Mike Hawthorne (Gordon Currie's proper performance) brutally knows his father's murder and then his life, Mike still suffers from that day. Mike takes the hope of her girlfriend and group of friends into the home of her grandparents to free her fear. His plan is that everyone dresses up in costumes that represent their fears, and then present the fears to the dummy Morty. According to an Indian friend, this process should magically take away their fear. What Mike does not know is that Morty is under his father's spirit and is killing friends ... or is it actually killing Mike himself? Who cares? <br /> <br /> Film A has some problems. The first is Morty. I thought the original made by Morty looks quite convincing. This time it is painfully obvious that Morty is a man (actor Jon Fedele) in a fake counseling suit. This can be seen in a particularly early scene where Morty should still be inanimate, but if you look closely, you will see it blinking. Another problem is that most of the characters don't try hard enough. Some of them, namely Betsy Palmer, are the 13th celebrity on Friday who was great in this movie. But most of them do not make any effort or give them the opportunity. Finally, there are killings. The scenes for opening the murders in the garden were very convincing. In fact, when I saw them, I thought I had a good movie. When the other side of the movie arrives and the killings really start, all the pieces fall. Deaths are either creative, invisible or unforeseen (look at the next scene when Currie is hidden). One sign will eventually die and someone, including the viewer, will even notice. Although more characterization was needed at the beginning, it was not too bad. The other half was. I think the new leader Chris Angel came to this point and did not really know how to shoot violent scenes, so they turned out to be a real slug and pedestrian. The silly end doesn't help either. So, if you really love the original and the claws fall under your skin, you should probably skip "Fear 2: Halloween Night". Zanatos score: 4 out of 10.
