Attack Force has a terrible headline and can almost certainly be evaluated terribly because the movie is terrible! Mish-mash of plot lines, filthy mess and terribly stagnated pace, makes the movie hard to watch the start to the end. I was able to do this and I'm proud. Seagang's work as a fan (mostly from his old days) is painful to see him in such a church. Many of Seagull's last half dozen films have been suckled, but some of them have at least some redemptive qualities. Attack Force is a mess. From the concept to the transfer, this film has undergone many changes, from the alien plot to the present, which is a highly addictive super drug. looks like Romania because they are in Romania!) residents. The film is touched with little attention in any state where the original script was. The image holes and open ends are definitely in the movie that is sure. It has also been a problem with Seagals' latest films, but it is never so boring. There's a plot of plot that the water supply is poisoned with CTX (it's a cool name for drugs) that will never be solved! <br /> <br /> Of course, in recent years, the Seagal canon in the canon has not been the main line, so other departments, especially the action, had a great attack. Before I look at the action, all other departments are poor. The direction is bad or maybe better that it is poor. Who knows how director Michael Keusch originally foresaw this movie? The completion of his work, the recovery and editing of the stuntman Tom Delmar, has completely lost his single vision. The best way to describe a movie is to have it all in the shop! Cinematic art is boring, almost dreaming, while the dragging score (as it was produced for cheaper cheap synthesizers) does nothing to help. The poor are also cast, who cannot save anything here. Seagal seems boring to the unknown and has been dubbed through a large part of the picture, clearly when the test points are changed. She sees fatigue and obesity and drowsiness, unlike previous pictures (remarkable, as the above-mentioned have been the main complaints in Seagall's recent pictures). The only redeemable cast member is Adam Croasdell as one of the villains who makes a messy British routine. He seems to be a setback for an alien plot line because he plays it inhumanly. He seems to be the cross between the body's snatcher and the vampire (towards the leading cable of the ditto, played by a hot chick that appears in turn, apparently waiting for his wife Draculat). Well, it's bad. Poorly designed, badly shot. There is not much and Seagal is even less. Stevo does not raise the stunt twice because there is so little to do. The sign even has a long (repetitive and boring) action that alternates occasionally with Seagall's small flashes, as Seagal was clearly not there at the time of scene shooting and they wanted to be a scene of action. Finally, Seagal personally appears to shoot two men in his head. Seagal has producers of credit and script credits here, but what I understand is the film has changed to its current state. Seagal probably doesn't work with these people again, or with Castel Studio, who continues terribly sub-Nu-Image (which says something), material. <br /> <br /> Generally, this is one to avoid if you are not a Seagal fan. Seagal fans can also be safe knowing that a big man probably doesn't want to do it any more. Unfortunately, his next film, which has already been done, promises the same people, even worse. *
