As far as I can see, TIW WATCHER is the first director of the film. My suspicion is whether it is the job of a normal boy who loves to love movies or is a cinema student, because there is a reference to the Oporto School of Art in the final credits. <br /> <br /> Despite this film, Ricardo Pinho, with this film, shows a complete ignorance of some of the basic concepts of cinema. What is a movie? How to Tell a Story? This is not important for a novice director. One of the first things you learned while studying at school is how to tell the story. You learn that, as in novels, you should create your own story in three themes: introduction, development and conclusion. You will know that your story should be the protagonist and antagonist and that it should be the climax. You learn that this applies to a 3-second epic, a regular movie, a short film, and even, believe it or not, a 30-second ad. You will also learn that your approach to the academic structure can be a level of subtlety and that you can eventually deconstruct it. <br /> <br /> In recurring conditions, TIM WATCHER introduces our main character, and then the movie ends - the whole movie sounds like introducing the characters in Jeunet's AMÉLIE. TIM WATCHER does not have a second or third action. It is not a parody or an art film, so you cannot even justify the disrespect of the academic structure. You expect the story to tell you and it won't happen. The worst thing is that TIM WATCHER defines itself as a warning; and one who has no real purpose. It does not make a point and is not at least valid. The point is childish, a sense of revenge. The imaginable situations are quite simple and its approach is manichea. <br /> <br /> I waited much more for this short. The film looks pretty good and you quickly realize that you look at something of a better product than a regular Portuguese short film. I do not know the budget of this film, but deciding whether the list of credit for the final credit is being appreciated must go to the decoration team for such good connections in a country with open doors for young filmmakers. <Br / TIM WATCHER seems to be a style, color, and carefully selected plan combined with fine results. That is all. There is nothing else. No plot. And it is a shame because it seems to be a waste of production. You can hardly see a short variety of locations in the usual Portuguese language and so many available extras to enrich your story. <br /> <br /> Just as absurd as a comparison might seem, I have to make the BMW trousers a fine example of how you get a good story in a very short movie that is strictly conditioned on product placement and cutting-edge stylish cinematography.
