I rented it because I'm a little tired of 80s NBC programming and probably saved myself a lot of money. I have nothing against the participants and they do a good job for their credit, but this exhibition is unfair. <br /> <br /> We have a character who is unlikely. She is full of mistakes, not enlightened, and full of all day. However, the reason someone should take care of just isn't there. While creating an American sitcom that is concentrated, it's revolutionary and potential, it's just not shown here. Most supportive characters are not fully polished characters, but rather sad punching bags that want empathy for the public to pack bags. As with any sitcom, they are the most common to interact with the audience, and in doing so they ignore the leading character to the extent that we see that Bittinger is himself and damages people and they just stay there because ... why ? No reason. All ordinary people would simply have abandoned abuse. Keeping them there for no real reason - even very unbelievable, which Joanna Cassidy gave in a very special 2-part abortion episode with big problems on her own - is where the show just breaks down. Just believing that the people who have put it with this man because we are told that his heart is gold is not suited to the reality of the situation. If anything, it's not even dramatic. It is a poorly drawn, imagined, and executed assumption with a few moments, but in general, the fate it served was fulfilled. Someone had the courage to go and make a very good idea, but the execution is so casual that it just looks like a strange scripted version of Jerry Springer showing where this tyrant abuse that we have to root because we are told. Such an exhibition requires weakness, which the participants here could easily offer, but in no way. And this is a deadly mistake that actually killed the program. <br /> <br /> Criticize it until childhood shows. Nevertheless, this exhibition is worth it. But it drew the stars to the eye, trying to really catch up and made the whole company not what it might have been.
