Today, the most expensive film in Finnish history, "Dark Floors" is a horizontal film with an extremely laconic narrative that increasingly reflects the twilight line of "floors" (ironically enough) in an abandoned hospital where our protagonists are trapped. A hospital run by an autistic daughter and her father, where hospitals showed that her daughter was apparently absent from medical advances, stepped into a lift that discusses the problem with a hospital nurse. Together with a security guard, a businessman and a seemingly intoxicated tramp, the team soon found a complex abandoned, but they are not alone. Under the leadership of Finnish Pete Riska, more known for his television work, "Dark Floors" has been filmed in English, mainly using English, but has a significant number of indisputably famous groups of "Lord" (2006 Eurovision Song Contest Winners) as himself, ie his staged monstrous costumes such as film antagonists, but all this razzmatazz production fails where it is most needed to convince the audience. <br /> <br /> Every movie that has its own headline phrase "it's too quiet" has already been guided towards a dubious path, and that Lord was horrified that this convention did not break. For all the good ideas that are mixed, a handful of mature clichés together and worst, everything that is interesting is not perfect enough to resonate. The concept of degrading floors is initially very ominous and offers inevitable death, because the audience is aware that the traps that remain in the hospital have to be largely moved. However, the atmosphere is not enough to intimidate and intimidate the viewers into an unaware fear, the viewer is aware that the journey is becoming more and more dangerous as levels degenerate from shiny white to hell to black, but I do not believe the characters are sufficiently aware of this fact to threaten . Also, the whole film, which is essentially in the bubble of its time, is again a very nice touch, a concept that is not often used in a horror musician, but the characters do not get into the situation with enough fear and fear when they stumble on it, they continue their business too easily and without real worried that the idea would mean something to the audience. These initially good ideas are simply wasted, as if the director and / or Mr. Lord (who had many ideas in the film) had these thoughts, but could not agree or decide how to use them best to lose their purpose and point. <br /> <br /> But with all the frustration there is a great deal of comedy, but not for the reasons creators would have hoped for. There are too many clichés, too much is recycled and too much is just ridiculous. Although the driver has been friendly to Noah Huntley, these characters are just cardboard clippings that are stuck on the story of other movies. We have a leading man who does everything possible to protect his daughter alongside the love of advanced love. Adding to the "couple", we have a traditional symbolic black man as a nose security guard, an almost endless clip for his communications and an easily incredible businessman just to take care of himself. The worst thing is that, unfortunately, Lord is cast as being at night, torturing our misleading band misfit, but not in their own form. Fear film, which is frightening to the audience, is contextualizing fear. "Glowing" is frightening because it is a member of your own family who shouts at you, "Dawn Of The Dead" is our fear of each other and patterns of primary cannibalism and irrational thought that zombies have, "Alienis" has been explained by fear, the creature is rationalized and there is no such thing in "dark floors". Perhaps it is unfair to compare this production with the monoliths of their genre, but if you do, it shows that it is very important and that its aggressors know more than the demented klingons, where you can almost see what costume they wear without it Being built on any atmosphere "Lord" just isn't scary. <br /> <br /> It is a disgrace because we all rejoice over undersize and hope they do well, want smaller productions to say they can create the same quality "Hollywood" filmed a lot, similar to George A Romero's initiative , but it has not always materialized. I enjoyed the movie and did not feel like I was wasting 90 minutes, but I was delighted with a completely empty level, as if something that was unconsciously, emotionally, or critically created for me. I felt that almost the Lynchia narrative was a special plus point, but it disappears. Why did it happen? What does it mean? Will they go through all this again? Without even the slightest understanding of what is happening, the film is simply puzzling to try to be artistic. Was the whole sequence of events real or was it just a dream order? When an autistic girl looked at the 2006 Eurovision Song Contest and just had a very strange nightmare, considering the stress she had? Who knows? And unfortunately I can't even care for energy. "Dark Floors" is a disgraceful experience that is ultimately a potential low and at least shows Mr Lord's creative energy, who might perhaps need to look into work to develop his ideas completely. This is one thing that fans of a group or genre might have to strive for, but leave you feeling that you have stayed behind, that you have not enlightened the situation.
