Well, on the side of this credit (if one can say it is one), Timothy Hines can hit H.G. Wells' outstanding short story original. But besides being called a spade, it sucks for a long time. What Master Ed Wood could have done with the alleged $ 20 million budget! Timothy Hines really does make Mr. Wood, who was still a faulty genius, the best filmmaker of all time. Special effects (I think you call them) are not even computer game standards. Action is perhaps a dinner theater comparable and the accents are terrible. In the event of an attack, there are many main male characters (especially poor Ogilvy), well, ahem ,. . . GAY! Bad Ogilvy rivers smiths and flick around a fake English countryside, waving their asbestos white handkerchief around as if it were a heat-resistant armor. Hey, "Star Wars" Stormtrooper also had a clean white body arm, and it didn't work, they were still bursting. Even when Ogilvy and Company are driving the martial arts "Heat Ray" (?), They shake and start some strange dance, even if they are theoretically FUTURE and reduced skeletons that continue uncomfortably dancing and twisting. Perhaps Timothy Hines rented skeletons from Ray Harryhausen that were "Jason and Argonauts". Or was it "Josie And The Pussycats"? I do not know. Soldiers, probably because they are "armies," all seem to be convincingly exploding, like a crowd soldier and his unfortunate comrades carrying carriers next to him. Wow! I love it! But the "soldiers" saw them as either Fascist soldiers of the Spanish Civil War or Boer Commandos (which would be more or less correct during this time. Maybe it was a nice scary nuance that this evil genius Hines)?). Strangely enough, Curate's character looks exactly like the Warwick Goble's original illustrations, and she is also turning to the most convincing work. Oh, yeah. Don't forget THUNDER CHILD. The book describes a warship as a clamp. It was RAM for enemy ships. But it has been wrinkled after the rigging of Mars's war machine, constructed by Tinker-Toy, in a small looted hole in the foreground, and it sank. A similar warship, such as THUNDERCHILD, could have pulled TITANIC and survived, but I think the Royal Navy was bound by the limitations of the same lowest bidder as our own army. Costumes are wrong, especially the British army and police uniforms that are mostly assembled from the USMC Alpha. And Timbo is obviously honoring the Western movies Of Yore, obviously in his movie Wild Western England, because all his riders are using western saddles. The accents used by almost everyone seem to be some kind of Scottish regional accent used by the clan Macabre, and magically tasty Irish accents from Malarky County. On the loan side and unlike what one reviewer wrote, the only authentic, authentic feature is artillery. Weapons do not come from civil war, but seem to be my eye and research, like the bona-fide British nine or twelve rifled Breach Loaders, which are completely authentic for this period. Thus, the use of ammunition was also shown. But Artilleryman, the leader of the artillery of horses, did not show his limber correctly. You do not sit in a fregging hero and drive a weapon team, you drive near the side wheel of the horses. Opening, using what I believe is an authentic movie, is fine and the score is not bad. But according to my knowledge, Weybridge has never been underground, and it certainly wasn't in 1898. <br /> <br /> But reading this novel, I'm very disappointed. Even more frustrated, I was a loaded version of the special effects of Spielberg's zillion dollar. Perhaps his version would have been the replacement of Anthony Piana for Tom Cruise and vice versa. I still have a lot to say, but I'll let you do it now: I wish someone would make a good version of the "War of the Worlds" that is faithful to the original. Timmy's vision is good for a high school film class or maybe I should say that a college-level film student is stupidly foolish and about as bad as the best I can say about this thing, but that's it. Oh, yeah. Just where did the budget go? And what happened to Michael Cain? I would like to hear his comments! I have a bad doubt that Timbo's "Orson's Wood" Hines Breathtakingly Restricted Cinema Masterpiece may just be a risk-taking director's ticket to a cult ward, because I have to admit innocent joy in watching the movie that I didn't do "anyway, but cautiously sent me a friend of mine For a DVD copy burned, without the malicious will that I have been able to identify.I have to add here that I thought that the duplicated and abbreviated version of Blackmoon was not only a great improvement but an absolute, hysterically funny (good way) to look at I find it difficult to watch the Master Timbo version after Blackmoon, keep it, Tim! Now make your "DUNE" version, just waiting for your master's hand! And all you need is snacks hated by Cloverfield? TIMBO HINES ARTISTRY HIGH HILARIOUS! HEY GET A LIFE! TIMBO IS WORKING AS MASTER ED WOOD! I DON'T WANT!
