Lord was a great leap and revelation in 2007, as they won the Eurovision Song Contest (not so heavy) with the song "Hard Rock Hallelujah" and appeared on the stage as dressed monsters. But, to be honest, their victory is likely to have very little to do with these great musical talents. The Eurovision contest gradually became a major political circus over the years and probably won Lord because their song eventually brought little change and ?? more importantly - because all their actions are brilliant, they broke the whole year. The last thing Lord's first (and hopefully last) horror movie is change and ingenuity. "Dark Floors", based on the idea of ​​the singer and playing the roles supporting the rest of the group, is a truly unthinkable and hopeless accumulation of clichés. The huge budget ("dark floors" supposedly is the most expensive Finnish film) will definitely provide very macabra and well-made items and impressive makeup, but what's the point of a story that's not worth it? The film is set up in a busy hospital where a number of people, including a father and a young daughter with an unidentified disease, remain in the elevator during a power failure. When the doors open again, the floors are empty and it seems that the hospital has been abandoned for many years. In an effort to reach the exit, the group hits a number of ill-fated and unexplained obstacles, such as dead bodies, screaming ghosts, and heavy metals coming out of the floor. The only three points I give to the blind floors are only for landscapes and sufficient tension on the first half of the film. As long as the events do not require clarification, the atmosphere is quite creepy, but as soon as you realize that the explanation a) is very stupid or b) never comes, the health just collapses like an unstable card house. Lord's costumes were never intimidating at first (except perhaps for traditional Eurovision fans) and, combined with more Asian-style ghosting, they just look for pathetic and wrong things. Personally, I always assumed Finland with all myths of myths and truly unique outdoor film locations. The Land of Thousand Lakes? would be the ideal place for potentially horrible horrors, but I think this is another disappointment in my account.
