I've lost three hours of my life in my life, and I can honestly say I feel corrupted. I had read the comments and heard warnings, and I thought I was ready for something - at best I was thinking - of a faithful (if erroneous) attempt at initial adaptation; in the worst case scenario, this is a good-for-the-bad "Plan 9" for the new millennium. So, when I managed to copy Walmart in Florida and bring it back to Britain, I joked with my friends "Prepare the worst movie ever made!" Oh, cruel Karma. There is absolutely no suggestion for this movie. The "special" effects look like a first-year design student using Spectrum ZX81. The action is terrible, the accents are worse than the horror (one accent of artillery men seems to be staying in the British Isles, Scotland in Wales through Northern Ireland), the dialogue is clever, editing is non-existent, production values ​​show that costs have not gone. The words can't really describe how bad this film is; Under the flag of the European Union, which drives horribly CGI from Thunderchild (the Royal Navy flies the White Ensign, not the flag of the Union), it is just a crime against making a film. If you think of a literally-zero-budget fan movie that is available on the net (such as Star Wars' short soldiers), the whole "we're enthusiastic amateurs" argument goes out of the window. And if you think an interview with Hines on Pendragon's website, this movie was 8-seat! I can only assume that in the US, bad face hair is not cheap. Perhaps the problem is that Hines & co tried to make the book a movie instead of making the book a movie (if it makes sense). Characters and extremes create word words literally without trying to pass on the feelings behind the words. Ironically, the ONLY person who even gave a decent performance was Darlene Sellers, an ex-soft porn actress. My advice? Pray as crazy that Jeff Wayne won't hit and watch Spielberg's version. It may not be true to the text of the book, but I can say that; As a lifelong HG Wells fan (and also in English), Speilberg's film ISA Spirit is right. Perhaps the customs were wrong to allow me to take this monster, but I say: Timothy Hines stole three hours of my life and I want them back.
