I watched R.D. As a substitute for Blackmore's classical novel movie version until the release of the 2001 A&E version of the video. And what a bad replacement it turns out !!!! <br /> <br /> This version does not have the authentic, I-feel-like-I'm-aspect of the A&E movie. The actors are mostly wood (except Sean Bean) and "romance" seems to be forced and animated. In fact, the end of the movie is not kissing! The triangle John Ridd, Lorna Doone (or Lady Lorna Dugal, whatever you want) and the evil Carver Doone is not mentioned or expanded. We do not get much understanding here about Carver or why he has some (if any) romantic feeling about Lorna. This film reduces many of the key issues and interesting signs of the novel, such as Adviser Doone and John's sharpest younger sister Lizzie, who were very important to the plot. The scenario itself is missing. Political intrigue is also not a script. The way Lorna arose with Danone is not correct for the original story. Now, don't get me wrong, Clive Owen is a beautiful and talented actress (see Gosford Park and King Arthur for approval), but she passes all the blissful and stoic and long hair (this may be a bad wig) just doesn't fit her !! Polly Walker is a beautiful and achievable actor (see Enchanted April and Patriot Games, where she also paid for Sean Bean), but it seems colorless and weak. She has her lip cold cold that make-up can't hide and costumes don't seem authentic. The recent Robert Stephens is making an honorable move like Sir Ensor Doone, although he only refers to Lorn as his favorite as his grandchild, which he mentioned in the book. It also seems to me that Owen and Walker are too old for their roles (maybe it's make-up), and the landscape is brown, cold, gray and barren, with no clues about the sunny sky. I understand it has been placed in south-west England, but it's green and they get their sun! Tom Faggus' character and his "death", which does not happen in the novel, depicts the film even more. One positive comment is Sean Bean's performance by Carver. Although it is not even close to a suitable Aidan Gillen image in A & E, Bean makes one medium offender. In short, look at it only if you have a few hours to kill, but don't expect something exciting or true to the novel. See any other version (but I recommend the A&E movie) about its tired customization.
