Of course, I had no great expectations of "Corky Romano". But then again, who did that? But I felt it deserves doubt. I also had no great hopes of "Joe Dirt" - another recent comedy that celebrated a member of SNL - and I was pleasantly surprised. However, this movie is as bad as it sees in the previews. Chris Kattan is actually a talented comic actor - in contrast to what you think after watching a movie - with great energy. She has been in many fun SNL sketches and I think she is one of the most talented SNL members right now. In this case, he has given a flat, meaningless script, and he tries to improve every scene with his unrestrained looting. In every scene, he tries to let Jerry Lewis behave and fail. Jerry Lewis knew how to draw this type of physical comedy, not to mention that he worked much better in writing. Katan just looks like an unknown stupid with ADHD who had too many Cafe Lattes. He doesn't even wait for a punchline; he assumes that we are all laughing when he starts to jump around like an oven fine. In one scene, he reaches a dog with a cocaine package in his mouth. The package explodes and the cocaine spurs all over her. He returns to work, spun the coke. Now, how should we laugh with the fact that he is acting on the hyper and edge when he does the same thing throughout the film? <br /> <br /> The rest of the majority ... Vanessa Shaw is really hot, Peter Berg is wasting his ungrateful role and so is Chris Penn. Peter Falk is also wasting, though he has some funny features that I am sure he improvises. I hope Falk gets a decent movie one day. That's too many talents that are similar to Corky Romano. I didn't like the last movie "The Made" by Falki, but at least it was a decent role. <br /> <br /> I started to laugh a few times, but I couldn't laugh. Each gag is performed without timing or delivery. And it is worse by the Katan dental play. And there are certain gags that are pulled out. For example, when Kattan begins to face his two brothers. He's standing there for 2 or 3 minutes trying to get out and when he finally does, it's small. It's bad enough if you have a funny joke and drag it out, but if you have a hip, then pull it out, it's much worse. And another example of this is when he tries to translate what the two Asian men are saying during drug interruption. I can go on and what this so-called comedy is wrong with, but I don't waste my time. As I said earlier, if you predict bad things about trailers, you predicted yourself correctly. <br /> <br /> My score: 3 (out of 10)
