Why is this movie so bad? Well, if it's so stupidly annoying and uncomfortable, it's a movie. The character of Corky Romano is at best unlikely and badly worse. The gags are predictable, but it doesn't make it bad. They are flat kind of predictable jokes that your dishonest friend would say. <br /> <br /> Corky Romano is a vet with a light visa, who is trying to do the right thing but is so clumsy. His quiet life is thrown into the loop when the family that once fired him needs to get into the FBI to destroy all the traces of family crime history. However, it is not so easy for Corky, because the FBI believes he is a superagent, and he assures him of his own family spying duty. Mishaps and mayhem occur, but it really doesn't feel like every comic hijixn exists. Corky loves her beautiful FBI partner and has to set her up straight to the FBI and her family if she wants to stay alive again. <br /> <br /> I think this makes this movie irritating is both leading and supposed jokes. Chris Kattan publishes his worrying restrictions, like here and the actor, because his one sign that speaks routine falls on the film for about 10 minutes. It's okay to have a complete movie based solely on fool, humor. Katt Ferni's SNL partner Will Ferrel seems to have come out of it. The only difference between Kathan and Ferre is that Ferrel knows when to put it down and rely on other ways of talking. There is no diversity in the Kattan routine. It's hard to hear the same joke twice, but for a whole movie that is just pure torture. Another problem with the film was the lack of truly original and FUNNY jokes. Gay mafia brother, uncomfortable guy sch-tick and many other forgetting jokes seem to be as funny as the first time you barely laughed. It seems that the scriptwriter would have a more fun time to write than anyone watching it. Even the cast with some comedy talents (Chris Penn, Peter Falk) is starting to get tired. There is no chemistry. This film was obviously for the actors. No body felt caring or even trying it. The sad thing is that no body tells Chris Katan.
