Although I heard "Cama de Gato" was the worst Brazilian film of the decade, I watched it give it a chance; After all, Alexandre Stockler, the first director / producer / writer, managed to make his debut photo (video) only for US $ 4000 and - although it seems even cheaper - I don't imagine what he went through in the end. or behind production companies (when I watched it, I realized why). But regardless of the possibilities you are willing to give to Cama de Gata, they will be reduced to zero within 10 minutes: it is an incredibly unpleasant, verbal, ideologically fanatical, and technically catastrophic attempt to portray Brazilian upper middle class youths as spoiled neo-Nazis struggled with bad sex, drugs and violence (and they look like closed gays) that are not visible in the traces of talent, imagination, expertise or structure. Visually and phonetically, it resembles the worst amateur material that you can find on YouTube - only here it lasts Ninethy TWO (count'em) minutes of hysteria and disgust, and it's not even funny-bad. <br /> <br /> We have all seen this story before: boring young boys want to have fun, visit, take drugs and everything goes wrong - there is rape, fast, murder, accidental death (falling down the stairs!) who culminated in the boys' decision to burn the girl and mother's body to the landfill. Moral and literal rubbish! The film is heavily influenced by Larry Clark (especially "Kids" and "Bully"), but Clark's films - albeit moralists and relatives - are high-end masterpieces compared to this crap. <br /> <br /> I don't think the filmmaker would ever have had such a monomanic drive that his idea of ​​getting caught in the audience's throat: Stockler grabs us into a collar and tries to force his non-stop moral attack on the brain with recurrence and exhaustion - you get anxious, so a lot of hitting, screaming, intuitive direction, shaking camera and terrible action. Stockler does not care a little about the technique (image quality, framing, sound recording, soundtrack songs, dialog, kits, editing, etc.), but he's a narcissist-control freak: he's waiting for the criticism he's got to get by adding subtitles smartie / cutie commenting and commenting on the main characters at one point, how far drawn and forged are all (I could associate with THAT). <br /> <br /> Despite its megalomania ambitions, Stockler seems to be able to give us a minimal visual or narrative structure - he can't even decide if he wants sharp realism (handheld video camera, etc.) or stylization (repeating scenes, using alternates, etc.) ). Damn, he can't even decide where to put his camera (there are three subjective subjective cameras)! The dialogue contains some of the most amazingly banal verbs; The existence of a plot is just to justify the director's profound hatred against his characters and what they stand for. Everything you see is a filmmaker who is angry, preaching, condemning, moral without having the minimum talent (or technique) to go with it. <br /> <br /> It's very disappointing to find Caio Blat in this mess. Certainly one of Brazil's most promising young filmmakers, having a sleepy-puppy dog ​​and an emotional edge that often resembles Sal Mine, may be very effective in the right directions (such as "Carandiru", "Lavoura Arcaica", "Proibido Proibir"). Here he has said he is going over the peak and he has to play with some of the most embarrassed "participants" in the last memory. It also enters a risky area for graphical sexual scenes (so they look like web-cam porn). <br /> <br /> The film opens and ends with real interviews with "typical" (?) middle class youths - Stockler wants us to take these interviews as "proof" of what he's trying to say in fiction. However, he despises his interviewees clearly and amuses the choice of attracting tempting, racist, sexist, stupid statements (which only shows assholes). Stockler wants to prove that Brazilian middle-class youngsters are all current or future fascists because they are middle-class and enjoy entertaining drugs (does he say all neo-fascists are drugs? Or do drugs potentiate fascist behavior? Say). <br /> <br /> With its dogmatic self-improvement, headaches, and peace of mind boredom, the Cama de Gato is bad for 1000 reasons, but above all, it is harmful in a very insidious way: it gives a strong argument to Brazilian cinema detectors. "Cama de Gato" is the best looking, not mentioned, buried and forgotten.
