The exact overview of Nuremberg must take into account the accidental opening of the film "Valkyrie" (Tom Cruise). Finally, "Valkyrie" (2008) tells the world that during World War II, German resistance to professionally organized bureaucrats, military generals, soldiers and civilians who tried to throw the Nazi political regime, to install a new chancellor, to get peace and to close the concentration camps. But these unknown absolute heroes did not get any help from the allies who helped the French resist immediately. Historical writers have since used an institutionalized action plan to conceal allied evil that cost many tens of millions of lives, and anyone who believed that the German people had fully supported the Nazis and thus served the 24-hour bombing of the genocide and "unconditional surrender" was imposed on the Germans. German enigma codes were broken by English scientists in 1943 as much as the Germans did. In 1943, the Germans developed new jet fighters and jets, including Arado, Heinkel and Messerschmitt. Even if the Nazis were eliminated and German resistance succeeded, the Allies of the world did not allow jets, jet bombers, high-speed submarines, ballistic missiles and radio-controlled missiles in the world without the US having the first! Here is an institutionalized action plan. As a result, Germany's resistance to the Allies did not help at all, although they always had the intelligence to eliminate Adolf Hitler. The coup of 20 July 1944 is proof that the Germans have made considerable efforts to achieve peace. Instead, the Germans were able to put an 'unconditional surrender' on the agenda and bombardment of 24 hours on the agenda. Allies wanted to steal the world's greatest technology and German scientists and include full ownership through "unconditional surrender". It was a deliberate agenda of allies that allowed the war to continue and hold the Nazi power to justify a 24-hour bombing, but one year after the Allied forces arrived in Germany to steal the world's largest technology and scientists with a barrel of weapons. But tens of millions of people were dead because the Allies abandoned German opposition to their greed. <br /> <br /> Allies set an unconditional transfer to Germans as a pretext for full ownership and control of German property and government, and this was done without German opposition to the Nazis. The Allies wanted to steal the world's greatest technology and German scientists to achieve the world's technological supremacy. As a result, all the other evil ally on the agenda was the second place that killed millions of German people in a 24-hour bombing; concentration camps remained open; the war was prolonged and it led to a "cold war" with the help of German industrial achievements, technology and weapons from Germans during World War II. <br /> <br /> The 1946 Nurbang war crimes meetings were public relations fraud and massive murders committed by the Allies back to the Nazis. It was a smoke screen to conceal the action plan of evil and greedy ally of the world's technological supremacy, not to help overthrow the German resistance to the Nazi regime. <br /> <br /> Tens of millions of people died because the Allies withdrew from German resistance, but they reluctantly opposed German leaders who paid their lives in Nuremberg war crimes, although the Allies had committed genocide to achieve world technological domination.
