The word "True" in the title of this movie received a ringing tone. They called out louder when the title card referred to the American Civil War as "an inter-state war" (the preferred circumcision of hard speech). Jesse James - the thief, the slave owner and the murderer - has been described as a quiet, gentle peasant. <br /> <br /> How dishonest is this movie? There is no mention of slavery, much less documented by the fact that Jesse James's poor mother owners were slaves before the war and that Jesse and his brother Frank were actively fighting for the maintenance of slavery. According to this movie, all of these civil war soldiers fought to decide whether Missouri is a northern or southern country ... that's all. (Missouri: This is a candy mint! This is a coin of soul!) Black people do not come out of this movie completely, except for two light pairs of beggars, one of which bears the "HELP THE POOR" mark, which is very impressed by hand-written. (Some 19th century newspaper shots are also inaccurate with 20th century type fonts.) <br /> <br /> This film has a strange rebound structure. There are some very impressive knickers (and nice stunthobus) and one great assembly. I enjoyed one line of dialogue: "Some of these boys never taste beans again. The film gets some facts directly: Agnes Moorehead, like Jesse's mother, hides her right hand scenes after the attack by Pinkerton agents (here referred to as "Remington"), where Jesse James's actual mother suffered injuries requiring amputation on her lower arm. Some flaws are merciful: in his day-to-day days, real Jesse James accidentally shot some of his left middle finger, but Robert Wagner (here's the title role) has no stump. I've seen a photo of Jesse James's real woman; if he had seen this movie as a half-glamor, Jesse James could have stayed home more. <br /> <br /> There is a lot of revisionism here and most of the male actors carry the haircuts of the 1950s. But many of the mistakes in this movie were avoidable. Jesse James's mentor William Quantrill has been mentioned several times, but all the actors have deserved their name. We see that Jesse and his wife are moving in a two-storey house (where he will soon die) after paying the $ 18 rent. In fact, Jesse James's last residence (at 1318 Lafayette Street, St Joseph, Missouri) was a simple one-story cottage, renting $ 14. There was no upper deck ... so when Jesse James was killed, his wife couldn't go up when Hope Lange did it. (He was actually in the kitchen.) <br /> <br /> One continuity error: Robert Wagner (without double stunt) does an impressive job of grabbing the jaw and falling over when his hands are tied back by him ... but if he gets up, his wrist enticing rope is gone. The scenario makes some strange and unnecessary magazines. After Northfield's robbery attempt, Jesse says he's waiting for his birthday home. The actual Northfield bankruptcy by James Gang (September 7, 1876) was two days after Jesse James's birthday. (Maybe he was thinking about next year's birthday.) Later we see that Jesse and his wife are moving to their home in St. Joseph on a fine summer day, while Jesse tells him what he is going to do on Christmas Eve, but in real life, Mr and Mrs Jesse James moved to this house on 24 December 1881 ... so this scene should be * BE * on Christmas Eve! These errors were completely avoidable. <br /> <br /> Some of the fonts used here do not make sense. According to this movie, Northfield's bankruptcy failed because one (fancy) henchman was late for telegraph wire cutting. If that had really happened, it would have really prevented James Gang from escaping ... but that would not have affected the robbery itself, which failed for other reasons. <br /> <br /> Here are Jeffrey's good results The rare screen task is Hunter (Frank James), Moorehead, Alan Hale Jnr (like Cole Younger) and director Marian Seldes. I was disappointed by Robert Wagner, who is usually an underrated actress. Elsewhere, Wagner has shown his impressive range, showing heroes, villains and morally vague signs convincingly. Here he can't decide whether to portray Jesse James as good or bad ... so he won't worry. In his presentation, John Carradine plays a short role as a fictional jacklek preacher who baptizes Jesse and his wife at their wedding. In fact, Jesse James was baptized in his childhood as his Uncle, a Methodist Minister ... but perhaps this is the second baptismal complement. <br /> <br /> Jesse James wasn't Robin Hood. (I doubt Robin Hood was also Robin Hood, but this is another story.) Jesse James never has any documented copies where he ever shares his looting with someone outside his own family. After some of his resurrection he did not even share his gang. In this film, Jesse will immediately shoot down when he promises to give up his bandits forever. In fact, before his death, Jesse James and Ford's brothers stole the horses that Jesse intended to use the next day in the robbery of Platte City Bank. In preparation for most of his robberies, Jesse James stole horses from local farmers ... the same poor people who, in inaccurate legends, were supposed to be his size. I ran here in a scene where fictional Jesse James has so refined that he does not agree with the oil painting tastefully depicted in the nudes. Jacob is deliberately dishonest for a deliberate murderer and also dishonest towards civil war. For a very impressive timepiece, one good assembly, and some fine-tuning, I appreciate this uncomfortable dish of 2 out of 10 points.
