Before I give Spike Lee's confusion about SUMMER OF SAM, which is well-deserved, I would like to make one thing clear. I do not just play this movie with its abundant and unpleasant images. What makes this movie so invisible is that Lee seems to think that SUMMER OF SAM should be taken seriously as a socially illuminating drama. For example, the Quentin Tarantino criminal capricious films are full of violence, embarrassment and other slease, but they are still very traceable, as Tarantino does not try to convey these films as socially redeeming works of art. He knows that such films are for entertainment purposes only. On the other hand, serious dramas, such as SIVER PRIVATE RYAN and SCHINDLER LIST, are often unpleasant to watch, but the nuisance helps to develop the plot plot and the ultimate goal of getting the audience emotionally the story and the characters on the screen. STEP SAM SAMM is, unfortunately, just its sensationality and split, but believes it works as a social commentary, like other trash bins. <br /> <br /> SAMM OF SAM is not a serious drama, because its characters are just cardio-dropped stereotypes. The purpose of this plot is to show the emotional impact of hysteria on Sami Son's murders, mainly in the northern part of Italy, in the Bronx neighborhood, where murders occurred. However, instead of presenting a diverse personality to local people, Lee simply settles every negative Italian stereotype. Men are unknown, lazy, overcrowded goombahs. Women are divided between weak, satisfied "good girls" (Mira Sorvino Dionna) and foolish "bad girls" (Jennifer Esposito Ruby). Lee seems to vindictively want "profitability" through Hollywood's negative African-American stereotypes of the year, ratifying his own stereotypes and a few critics seemingly caring. For example, if Martin Scorsese presented Amos' Andy and Aegean Jemima stereotypes to the people of the African-American neighborhood, critics rightly would condemn such blatant stereotypes. More importantly, one-dimensional stereotypical signs undermine all films that try to be a serious social comment. <br /> <br /> Without exception, SUMMER OF SAM is great. However, in most cases it is not working. It is either just passing through the paths or having little work on the manuscript. In addition, there are noticeable disturbances. Comedian John Leguizamo is very talented, but his Vinny character seems to be John Travolta's Tony Manero's traditional comedy on Sunday night. And Michael Badalucco, a perennial "nice boy" actor, has been badly unsuccessful as a serial killer David Berkowitz, who is rather funny than scary. The only performance that you should pay attention to is Adrien Brody as an alarming but sincere, neighboring Ritchie. Brody's performance and typical stylish Lee cinematography are the only virtues of this movie. <br /> <br /> * 1/2 Off ****
