After this movie has heard word of mouth, I took this movie and bought a DVD. That said, all of this film mentioned earlier is true. For a movie that is said to have a budget in millions, it won't appear on the screen at all. The list of movie problems can go on forever. The main thing among them is that the film is just too long. It took a few minutes for a short period of 3 hours. The driving time could have been interrupted for almost an hour if the editor had simply removed more than a unique scene that deals without the main characters. Secondly, as many have said about "trailers", the special effects are nothing but special. Stands looked good here and there in a couple of pictures, but after all, all of the grade Z was in the 1970s or 1980s. Probably the worst consequences for all were horses that remained rigidly moving back and forth. The effects of heat radiation were ridiculous because people fell into bones, which somehow managed to defeat themselves without the muscles. It was also pathetic that the Thunderchild queue, which Thunderchild described as a source of iron in the book, saw nothing like that. Instead, he recalled a World War I destroyer with deck counters (which triggered but had no visible crew) and torpedo pipes. <br /> <br /> Colors and backgrounds were as bad as effects. Most of the ridiculous were the beginning of the scene, when the main character and his wife went on a walk at night, and he drew attention to Mars in the sky. Well, the sky is black, but the views of the characters and their surrounding landscape are wide daylight. There is also a very sharp border between a real landscape, full of sunlight and a fake black night sky with too big fuzzy stars. Even more, the color of the scenes is not reduced. In some cases, they are in orange. In others green light. In others, there is blue light. In some cases, the exterior is orange, but the interior of the houses is green or blue. The frame rate and the camera are very trembling, making everything nervous. <br /> <br /> Finally, the general sub-par works. One man depicts two characters whose only difference was that they lacked a mustache. It sometimes confused who was who and where they were all. English accents, even American ears, are outrageous. In summary, this film can claim that the last time is the worst film. I have not seen Gigli or any other recent flop, but it is easily worse in every sense because of the poor quality of the Hollywood mainstream. I would not be surprised if the film puts IMDb in the top 10 or 20 ranking. Unfortunately, the Mystery Science Theater is not yet around.
