* WARNING. IF YOU HAVE SPOILERS IF YOU ARE STORED. * <br /> <br /> What matters is that the main prerequisite for this Texas film is: Children of the College + Spookhouse + Evil Magical Book = Scary stuff. In practice, it is a lot of time watching the time to see how long this movie postpones. A bunch of boy boys with different girlfriends and volunteers creates a charitable haunted house. The project is underpinned by a profoundly repressive character whose main goal seems to be verbally and physically attacking as many cast members as possible. It was hard for me to believe that everyone would even try to work with this person in some way: he is nothing but rude and abusive to everyone, including his girlfriend and his friend. Nevertheless, the children visit the local character and the annual pumpkin-carving master Pumpkin Jack, with an older coat, described as "Santa Claus of Halloween", who falls on the requisites of house requisites, including a malicious book featuring a remarkably irritating strobe. with a flash prologue (where the robbers of abducted cultists began to mix). Needless to say, some of the fucking fools are starting to confuse the book, and finally, most of the costumes have moved into the real world and the rest of the few normal people have to try and survive. There are some good things in this movie, but not much: everything is well done and makeup effects are decent. On the other hand, performers are either downgraded or suddenly over; a large part of the plot does not make sense "it happens so that it can happen" little; there is almost no musical score to speak, just songs in the whole movie; and the film takes an hour to actually get there. The last problem is the clearest: two-thirds of the 90-minute working time is used to set the characters repeatedly. Tom is a nice guy who gets to know Heid, who's a freak, but so far he used Jill, who is now familiar with Dan, but he has started a relationship with a Kira girl who wears too many towels. Dan is really a big jerk, Gary likes to play jokes and Steve & Lily wants a lot of sex. Stuffs, which could have been easily handled and dragged in 20 minutes, until the lesbian "sex" scene (to calm down, it is quite annoying) continued to look for a back and forth button. It leaves us with half an hour of calorie intimidation, the end of klunky, and a deep memorization that ol 'Pumpkin Jack, who accuses me of all the confusion. If you don't get it with any deep discounts (and have really seen everything else in the store), put it back on the shelf and look.
