The whole critic has made this film with positive comments. I do not want to challenge my opinion, but I do not agree. When I first watched this movie, I was slightly impressed. But after comparing it to other films, especially the late captain, Bruce Lee, I quickly changed my thoughts. In fact, if it wasn't the title of the movie, I would never have bought it. Death Game 2 is not related to the original death game (except when he shares one character, Billy Lo.) <br /> <br /> I was stunned to see how similar death game 2 was compared to Dragon. Plots have a striking similarity: both Bruce Lee and Bobby Lo are on a mission to apologize to a relative. These two locations are similar, where they are both very isolated and surrounded by thousands of black knees. In both films, there is an element of prostitution (women are sent to two movies in two guest rooms.) Both Han (Enter the Dragon) and Lewis are missing. Their underground drug operation Enter the Dragon, believe it or not, there's one Game of Death 2. Han is a pet with the Enter the Dragon, the director has used his imagination and gave Lewis a pet monkey! The list goes on. <br /> <br /> As for other aspects of the film, such as the script and the actor, I felt that it was very bad. It seemed to me that the director was looking for a martial arts group to start the film and prayed that they could act. On a positive scale, I cannot deny that choreography is impressive. Although struggle sequences have strong elements of acrobatics in them, they have been skillfully accomplished. Since the plot is inadequate, I could not associate characters, so the sequences were more of an exhibition than a movie. Finally, I would like to say that this movie is recommended for all martial arts fans, but for those who enjoy a good movie with good style and strong characters, I would not recommend this film seriously. My views on this film may seem very biased and unilateral, but when Bruce Lee set a new standard in the martial arts cinema, especially after his masterpiece: Insert a dragon, this film could not meet these standards. If something was imitated in a truly brilliant martial art, hoping to achieve the same level of fame. As for my evaluation, giving this film a very tough 10, this film is traceable to barley and must be grateful that he had the sequences he did.
