In this "sequel", Bruce is still called Billy Lo (can I get it? Bruce = Billy, Lo = Lee. No?) But besides that, that's all he has with another movie. Billy is no longer an actor. He seems to be in another country. He's more like a spy. He is the only returning member and unfortunately they kill them to get a new character, his brother Bobby. Unfortunately, when Bruce dies, the movie dies a lot with him. It was very badly done. They seemed to write the script as they filmed. The video works for a while (it is not too clear at first), but soon Bruce will always appear in the dark all the time (he will shed light at one stage without any other reason to hide the fact that it is not part of Bruce playing). Unfortunately, if he dies in the film changes. I can't wonder if they were filming as they had written, and maybe they should have kept Bruce alive, but later decided to kill him because it wouldn't have been credible because Bobby didn't appear until Billy's dead. It's hard to change the movie's lead file, and Bruce is a hard thing to follow, so it's hard to accept Bobby as a star. Bruce has never seen it again in this movie. I think they should have done this step without Bruce, who has a flat role in this movie. People who are hoping to see the new Bruce Lee movie are disappointed that, despite being given the best billing, he only has a role to play. Even the worst films have at least one memorable bit. When this movie was a little bit, people say that it is a scene where Billy fights in a kindergarten. Ironically it doesn't even use Bruce Lee's video footage. Remember, they did it convincingly from No Retreat No Surrender. None of the other participants here ever made anything else memorable. Bruce's girlfriend (Colleen Camp) has never been mentioned. My advice is to turn it off as soon as Bruce has finished writing his letter to his brother. Nothing else in the movie is worth it. I found it really sad to see Bruce die. I don't see how such a small budget movie would get enough money to use the Enter The Dragon materials. It was an inexpensive way to try the money in the name of Bruce. Strangely, this and the original are put into Bruce's filmography. Fortunately, so far, nobody has tried anything like this again. 1981 was the appearance of Bruce's last film. It was a sad way to end it, but fortunately this is proof that Bruce's career should remain alone.
