Is it possible to give the film NO STARS? I dont think. But many of the letters IMDb just show it to think about zero and you get my drift. Director and photographer Timothy Hines did not have a large budget compared to Spielberg's Hercules effort with the same material (a bullet that is the most expensive film), but it doesn't have to be an insurmountable handicap. I've seen a wonderful work done with a comparative rubber tape ("Soldier and Saints" is a recent example). With hard work, honesty and above all talent, it is certainly possible to realize the faithful transfer of Wells' short story and the part Dreamworks spent in his "World War". Unfortunately, Hines failed in all of these departments. Even if he had had Spielberg's budget and Tom Cruise signed a leadership position, his film would have been as bad as the barnyard he created for us. <br /> <br /> First of all, Hines can't tell the story. Thanks to digital video technology, it can record images and sound, but it shows little compatibility with the narrative it stores. The guy walks a lot on the state runway. He speaks badly about the apedist. Then he walks from the same lane, just back to show that he is back - smart, eh? Walking and talking for almost an hour, what happens. OK, I will give one extended excursion from the main character's house to the Horsell area, if it is a remarkable distance from one place to another. and more aesthetic creation than this, btw) but half a dozen times? Forward and backward, back and forth to cetera and others. Noteworthy. The only explanation for this redundancy, apart from all artistic failure, is the desire to break thirty minutes of insecure amateur CG that works something that could be offered as a full-length movie. Finally, Martian martial arts appear, and walking and talking start running and talking or talking. Later, we get amazing and amazing for dessert. <br /> <br /> Fortunately, much of the dialogue is raised directly by H.G. Wells text; otherwise we don't know what's going on. But is it not the idea of ​​the entire cinema to illuminate the text, to understand what words alone cannot pass? When a film is based on a dialogue or a monologue to tell us what we see or feel, why? Why not play the radio? Orson Welles made his own household name. But Hines thinks she is a filmmaker so she has words of mouth and swallows meaning. <br /> <br /> Secondly, Hines got some kind of CG effects for their film, but they have no idea how to use them. Now I have no sweet tooth for any eye candy. I believe that good science fiction does not require dazzling technical effects. Some really powerful Sci-Fi have flourished almost no way. But "World War" as a film requires a certain baseline. Wells tells a story that depends on things that can be seen and heard and even odorless. Impacts need not be complex; they may even be crude oil (for example, in the 1953 version of George Min / Byron Haskins, there are machines for sliding wires with miniature streets), but they need to be well handled. Unfortunately, the effects of Hines are both raw and incompetent? with a tripod fighter that is higher than the cathedral tube, does the noise like a pogo stick struggle with bouncing linoleum? Mars squidoids, though they are pushed four times in the gravity of their home world and flee without considerable effort? skeletons that are fully polished from meat and muscle and screaming - the same fucking horse and buggy green screens journey to the forefront tens (alternating left to right from time to time in the hope that we may not notice)? and Advertising Museum. The raw method is forgiving. So you have a CG fire effect that is less than convincing? Good, we can work around it. Just don't use it too often and just look at it. This stomped woman sequence looks like a broken plum? Throw it away. This is not necessary. You say your Martian flyer sees a string toy? If you need to use it, go ahead, but please don't show it twice! But no, Hines doesn't listen. We get the worst thing over and over again. You need these 180 minutes somehow, boy get. <br /> <br /> Next we will act or act more. Regardless of whether it is the role of speaking or simply paying to die in order, everything in this movie works with its little heart. Apparently, Hines thinks he's getting a bargain - more escaping terror! You, behind this tree, let us have a real connection to take it. Do you call it evil? Thickness, my grandmother can write better - nevertheless, the whole and the individual is smelly. They are not even good amateurs. But it doesn't have to be lethal. A lot of good movies have been done with dirty acts. That's what directors are. And editors. What highlights another point? Who's gonna let Tim Hines change this cheese factory? If American butchers were so poor when cutting meat, as Hines was cutting the film, the next hamburger would be all fingers and beef. Despite almost three hours of work, this movie has a lot of things, not sequences, but a few shots that create a herk-jerky effect that is unexpected. Perhaps Hines' intention was to simulate the effect of a hand crank camera from the 1890s. When he was, I can say he doesn't know how to do it.
