I would like to start by saying that I am not an anime fan (with some remarkable exceptions) and I generally have a low opinion about the so-called otcas because they are so in love with their specific cartoon brand that they mark every movie with help doors , big eyes mark works of art without even considering other vital factors such as the plot. And no anime movie better represents this division between the otakuse and the real tastes than this elegant trash can, Fatal Fury: Motion Picture. Fatal Fury has a little flaw - there are many unusual Japanese humor, one-on-one duel, some "dramatic" moments and everything is beautifully drawn. However, all others are turned off with a cliched, predictable line with cliched, predictable characters and culminating in a predicted ending. The scenes of love are overwhelmingly overwhelmed - a scene where Sulia "heals" Terry is obviously meant to be for a moment, but it is practically impossible to be cast into spirits of devil's laughter if it is completely ridiculous. And, of course, Fatal Fury is not without a mandatory comic book for R & D - it is offered by the massively attacked Mai Shiran. And since Fatal Fury IS is based on a series of video games with the same name (boy boy), numerous meaningless comedy contests are treated by popular characters that have little or no relevance to the plot (they pass all the problems associated with Kim early, only to The movie's confusion reaches its peak by involuntarily fictional final battle, where all the main characters take on the almighty main cable in the battle against each other, which is something that has always amused me ... even when the tournament is anime AREN'T battles, they always happen the way they would be, no matter what it makes sense! <br /> <br /> There is always talk about how anime movies should be treated as movies, not just cartoons, and worrying some of these people love deadly rage, so Fatal Fury would have been good if it wasn't an anime? the magic that is little of it lives in the actual drawings. If Fatal Fury hadn't been an anime, it would have been worth the Mystery Science Theater 3000 episode when the show was still in the air. This is the key-- it is nothing more than a ridiculously bad B-film in the shadow of anime. If you're a fan of such bad movies that they really entertain you, consider Fatal Fury (or catch on a Sci-Fi channel) because that's definitely one of them. If you're a otaku, don't forget and realize that a good 90% of the stuff you see is garbage. As for everyone else, buy the Dreamcast and Fatal Fury: Mark of Wolves, but don't even consider watching this movie.
