Sometimes, in the midst of the fear films, the signal is laughing. Remember the audience again with a nervous smile when releasing Excorcist? really nervous laughter. It was exactly how we all looked at Satan's voice out of a 12-year-old girl. However, in the 1972 remake of The Wicker Man in 2006, he thought that this new Wickerman is about as frightening as the character of South Park, the Scuzzlebut, a friendly forest attack on the foot of Patrick Duffy's and the Hand that is a favorite hobby. , is the weaving of fabrics for celery stem. <br /> <br /> Three years ago, a friend of Hollywood told me that he heard Nicolas Cage intend to make a movie. I started to laugh and my friend (Keith) was angry with me as Nicolas Cage's great actor. I just didn't think he could pull it out and, unfortunately, I was right for the movement players. Gone are reality, outstanding original music, originality, fear and wonderfully powerful dialogue. Instead, we have clichés of horror films, affected actions, and changes in nature that make credibility break down. Like many of the countless Hollywood remixes we've been overwhelmed with recently, we seem to be looking at the 4th classroom playground "Wickerman's Playing". <br /> <br /> The original film takes place far from Scottish Isle, where a Scottish mansion police officer is lured there to find a lost young girl named Rowan Morrison. In a new spin, the California policeman (Cage) is lured by his former girlfriend to the island of Washington's state coast to find his missing daughter. She sends a photo and the missing daughter looks exactly like a young girl who tried to save an exciting crash long ago. The crash is still partly haunted because the girl's body was never found. But even after he got a letter with his picture, this connection is completely aside when he drives to the bottom alone to help his former girlfriend find her daughter. He arrives to find actors full of islands who pretend to be descendants of Wiccans, many of whom seem to have lost their village feedback. And like the Village, it won't be long before you realize there's nothing to fear here. Not even the blurry eyes of blind nurses who speak uniformly. <br /> <br /> I think that the possibility of making a huge amount of money on film in Hollywood is often an artistic expense. I think someone like Nicolas Cage, who is in so many films these days, is losing the magic the film can have when it reaches the point where it has its own snack-making kit. We needed Wickerman's bad again as we needed another 9-11 movie. I'm starting to wonder if Nicolas changed his surname from Coppola because he wanted or was asked for it.
