All others who have commented negatively on this movie have done an excellent analysis of why this movie is so terrible. I did not intend to comment, but the film mistake me so much and especially the writer / director. So I have to put my nose in the hat with the testers. <br /> <br /> I saw the original "Wicker Man" and really loved music, sensuality, paganism in the modern world, and a nuclear collision. That said, I am not part of a crowd who thinks that the transformation of big films should not be done. For example, I liked the original "invasion of body snatchers" of 1950, but likewise liked the 1978 remake. Both films can be independent. Another example is "thing". Initial, like campy, if it looks like today's standards, is proud of Kurt Russell's 1982 (my all-time favorite horror film). So a small percentage of people who like "The Wicker Man" can not blame me for distributing this lace just because it has been made again. <br /> <br /> This film strengthened me with the sexism of Ne LaBute and misogynist tendencies. It also made me think about how leaders who want to make a serious thriller would bring a green light to a product that is so female. Too many Cage scenes just hit women just because she's frustrated with what prevents her from studying a lost girl. would he react on this island in cases where suspects would not come? The original created a society where men and women are equal participants in God-based faith. The danger to the main character came from all men and women. There was no sexual hierarchy. <br /> <br /> The metaphor of bees, drones, etc. was a bit difficult and comfortable ("Drone must die!"), especially when Cage's character is a bee allergy. I was still wondering why men on the island would not fight back and use only physicality to treat them as inappropriate. They weren't women who had special supernatural power, and half of them seemed pregnant, the other half old and fat, and the other girls and thin blondes, so if men really wanted to escape then they could do what most men do when they hate women. They are physically dominated. It would seem that there were no weapons or weapons other than the cutting tools to keep them if they were unhappy. But if they were drones, why can't they talk? They could be used as a threat to Cage because they protect the community. They are drones, because Neil LaBute seems to think that women-led society leaves men castrated. (This film was already made. "Stepford's Wives" Someone? ") Classic Symptoms of Men Who Are Afraid of what may happen if women get their sh * t together and were truly equal citizens. <br /> <br /> The Problem of Humankind female society is that it makes it uninteresting to watch a movie and creates unintentional humor when Cage starts knocking women on. I believe LaBute should have left the society egalitarian, keep sexuality and unhindered hope, and discomfort for the children of this island. So how would a policeman react when he saw lewd's actions with adult children? It would be a logical mental leap that these children are abused, which is indispensable for rescuing a lost child and helping all children. ”LaBute has said he created a groom and daughter's story to give Cage a stimulus to look for. I don't think you need it. u Respond to their rescue. Of course, it would be irony that the child Cage "saves" will eventually bring death. <br /> <br /> The dialogue was lively and campy. The whole third act was fun. Audience I saw this innocent (and later at the end). I just thought the film started wrong when the letter arrived in a fictional handwritten letter and all the cuts that were cut to show how the wounded Cage was. We don't need it. Show him that he is coming to explore the missing child on the island. Most of us in America have seen "Law & Order" and other police officers. We come to the movie as if we were a Cage partner who solved the mystery. <br /> <br /> So much potential ... wasted. For those LaBute, stick to the pictures of people who enjoy your male performances and such varieties. Stay with your business. Leave the thrillers for people who understand thrillers. Here's your jar of honey. I look at it.
