I'm sitting here now, forcing myself to stop it. I think I was bleeding the VHS for 6 buxes, but it can also suffer. I remember about 4 or 5 years ago to look for the "World War" on the internet that caused the rumors of the Spielberg movie at that time, and I missed the old TV series from the early 90s. The website explains that it was the handover of a multi-million dollar budget for a classic book. It was a "perfect translation". The perfect CRAP is more in line with this movie. <br /> <br /> First of all, this movie is blurred! It seemed like I was watching Full Motion Video from the mid-1990s on a PC or Playstation CD-Rom video game. Unfortunately, the color quality was similar. The acting Shatners classic "dramatic break" looks at quality near Shakespeare. CG rendering of different scenes was terrible and green screen sequences were worse than those seen in old Hazardd scenes. <br /> <br /> Second, it's slow and terribly drawn. I was sitting 45 minutes after the video (at first there was no promo) before the balloon actually opened to expose the first alien. After that, the alien was a terribly built CG squid. I am now for an hour and most of the foreign weapons I've seen are spinning silver that is attached to the mechanical arm. Dramatic scenes are murdered with overly instrumental instruments. The last thing is that no foreign invasion at the turn of the century in the 1900s is a matter of concern for their lives. It's like they have no concept. Although the media was slow, word of mouth spreads fast and people would have known. The illusion of day and night was at best dirty. Simply changing people around the color purple, blue or green does not mean NIGHT TIME. Maybe some illumination and real night shoots would have given a much better illusion. There are many wasted sequences throughout the film that just look at the "hero" around the gallop or walk the stupid roads. Continue with the movie. I know how people move around, you don't have to be so deep. <br /> <br /> Now, end the hour and 5 minutes of the movie and they will show the aliens. Mighty Morphin Power Rangers had a better look. Even the skeletons of steamed people saw the animated high school high school computer application as a student. Animations are not compatible with the landscape. <br /> <br /> When people close when you want "World War", do one of four. 1) See the original 1953, 2) see the beginning of the 90s, 3) wait until Spielberg's surrender will be published soon, or 4) Read the frikkin book (something we all probably did in the primary class in English). OUT OF THIS MOVIE. It's your money waste.
