Typically, when I write an online review of a movie, this is one of three reasons. I have found something extraordinarily missing in a movie that would otherwise have been excellent, I think the public's perception of a movie before viewing it is inaccurate for a number of reasons or I believe that the purpose or message of a movie needs to be explained or explained with the help of other reviewers. While all of these reasons may seem somewhat negative, I find that writing a review that does nothing but praise and statements like "This is the best movie of all time" does nothing to enlighten the potential viewer. nor does it often give reasons why a film is so good that it should first be a review point. That said, the world war is nothing more than a quick, incompetent remittance test; Piggy-backing your loatssome carcass on a multi-million dollar advertising campaign by the same movie director Steven Spielberg. Many people buy this DVD, assuming that summer is blocked and many other poor souls buy it, searching for more material on the same issue. This film is not even "so bad" that it becomes funny or loving, but the audience is so incredibly disappointed to get angry. Now, with most of the insults, let me give some arguments as a warning to those who are happier than I. <br /> <br /> The cover and the lack of disclosure of this movie (I found it to be a $ 8 SAM club), I expected so that no names are cast and that special effects are not too remarkable. Check it out. This is not a big deal for me because I find a big budget and excessive reliance on large letters and SE can reduce the otherwise decent movie. Nor did I expect a great dialogue or a blow to a moving score. Check again. I was hoping that it was a real serious test with the classic theme and some alien / battle scene. <br /> <br /> According to IMDb policy, spoilers must be notified in advance, no matter how small, so there is a fair warning here. The film opens with a large number of small calls followed by a red dot to the Observatory. This is seriously a red dot image. It is very difficult to describe every little problem thoroughly, but by the end of the first ten minutes, the viewer will be confused with camera work, spliced ​​scenes and LOT. But the costume is not surprisingly bad and the hope that the pods will reveal something mysterious. The next 30 minutes go basically to the following: one of the main characters walks into one of the most beautiful, looks into the pods and talks to the other main character about the store and may be hot. They both walk back to town. These walks are not two seconds nor added to change the dialog. They are twenty seconds or more and are just adding a filler to a three-day film. In a particularly exhausting scene, the main character is shown, looking at the pod, then showing his momentum and grinding, then he looks at the pod, then takes a minute's walk through the city, then reaches the city and walks into the building, he has a cup of coffee and says "Thank you Mary" to a casual servant who serves her coffee, she puts her coffee down and walks out of the building, then walks past the minute and back to the pod. I apologize for the extreme punishment, but this is perhaps the best way to summarize this movie. The characters talk about everyday things too long, they walk a lot, they send other people to walk, the camera fluctuates at high speed and slow speed, but in the absence of a dramatic effect, it's just a camera man Tech somewhere. Editing is badly bad. People do little. For example, if a professor goes to the farmer's home and says he needs a farmer to give him a city ride, the farmers will stab and hurry. When a professor says that there is a pod and that men can stay inside, the farmer locks him only to see that the professor grabs the elbow and opens a weak shadow to another. Nothing, of course, means this whole scene because the professor runs for a moment to the main owner so they can start walking in the afternoon. The whole movie seems to be a good idea for making a movie at one point, but no idea how to move it. I've seen better high school video productions. Finally, the special effects are ridiculous and do nothing to further the story. I feel like the director really wanted this film to become somewhat campy garbage. However, from a technical point of view, it is so terrible and in the sense that it only makes people crazy. Avoid this movie at all costs.
