You don't expect much from the image of the PRC and the rare exceptions - mainly from Edgar G. Ulmer and some from Joseph H. Lew or from Lew Landers - that's exactly what you get: not much. The "epic" of African Nazi attempts to incite the Arab rebellion against Britain is not much different. Manuscript, which is a long-standing hacking of China Arthur St. Claire and Sherman Lowe, the trick, is ridiculous, full of funny "wisecracks", and plot holes with the size of Outer Mongolia. Al Herman, a long-term budget specialist in the People's Republic of China, is at best in semi-comedy. The performances, with the exception of the remarkably incompetent and irritatingly toothed leader Walter Woolf King, are not really half-hearted. Veteran Comedian Parkyakarkus is actually the best thing about the movie. He plays the men of Brooklyn who masquerade as a razor as a salesman and glows on the screen when he appears. He has a great comic timing, a charm, and it seems he's got a fuckin 'for a long time. Duncan Renaldo is quite convincing as an Arab Sheik - despite his Spanish accent - and a veteran of a bad man George J. Lewis when Renaldo's Arab rival does his usual beautiful job, even if he sometimes goes a little. Joan Woodbury is pretty beautiful and has a nice light touch, and he and Renaldo have great chemistry, though - as well as the rest cast - he's not with the king at all. H.B. Warner, whose career extends into a quiet era, gives dignified dignity to low rental apartments, although he blows his lines several times and when the People's Republic of China is China, they are not cut. A budget of a quiet budget with a similar Arabic theme is widely equipped with footage - although I have no idea what it is - and the People's Republic of China have not tried to make it inconceivable: I have rarely seen such obviously obvious film material. <br /> <br /> "Jank in Libya" is, of course, not very good, well, OK, it smells - but it would be worth checking out to see Parkyakarkus in its main. I had heard of him and knew he was the father of actor / director Albert Brooks and Super Dave Osborne, but had never seen him before. It is worth looking at this tenth "extravagant" of the People's Republic of China to see him. Otherwise forget it.
