You just have to love the opening sequences, like "Seven Women to Satan"? In the introduction, there is a naked girl in the forest, led by a hunting dog and a malignant horse who is on the horse until she falls from the rock and divides her head onto the rock. Then the camera zooms in toward the face and notices how it just sits behind the desk while its secretary is waiting for him to sign some paper. "Oh, I'm sorry I lost my mind?" then he says! Sweet, I've stumbled on another completely bonkers movie. Even if you only understand a little French language and look at the original title, you know right now that "Seven Wives to Satan" has nothing to do with Satan or ritual sacrifices, but simply revolves around enchanting objects. Perverse and mentally unstable number on your weekend country. In fact, this is another foolish variation in the classic milestone "The Dangerous Game", which concerns the fearsome hobby of hunters? preferably hot nude chicks - in the sport in the woods. In fact, it is more than just a classic variation of 1932, because the writer / director / actor Michel Lemoine was unfair to associate his main character directly with Leslie Banks' legendary evil "The Most Dangerous Game". Count Zaroff is said to be the original son of Zaroff, but he changed his private French rural area. He can no longer be unemployed so he is the secretary of the office from Monday to Friday and the manic killer on the weekend. Zaroff is a real stranger who hallucinates dying with a dead woman, but actually runs over his car. His butler promised to prevent Zaroff killing, but he obviously does a bad job. There is no depth in the scenario, and accumulation does not necessarily mean a temporary or ominous atmosphere. Really, the only useful thing about this movie is to read the girls who are attracted to Zaroff's treacherous trap and hope they will reach seven quickly. Half of the movie is a meaningless and tedious padding footage, such as the long erotic dancing act, where the image turns inexplicably into a black boy (???) and the other half is a psychedelic sleaze that eventually grows tiring, although all girls are excited. I have the impression that it was Michel Lemoine's intention to imitate his ball, Jean Rollin, and make a subtly kinky sex thriller. "Seven Wives to Satan" is French production, so it will inevitably mean Jess Franco's regular Howard Vernon ("Awful dr Orloff", "Zombie Lake"). Lemoine certainly has a crazy killer vision, but not the talent that represents it.
