Ned Kelly (Ledger), the infamous Australian law and legend. Like Robin Hood, along with Billy Kid, Australians love the legend of how he stood against English aristocratic oppression and united subclasses to make Australia forever. The fact that the lowest classes of time were about 70% of immigrant criminals seems to have been accidentally stripped of this film. Indeed, quite a few "facts" in this film are unlikely to be reflected. <br /> <br /> I think the suspicions should have been caused when the opening credits claimed that this film was based on the book "Our Sunshine". If ever a romantic version of the truth could be seen in the book's name, it was. It was not a historical epic, but just one of Kdd Kelly's suspicious legends, though a harsh and randomly brutal version. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, Ned Kelly is nothing more than an overblown Hallmark Canal "a real life historical drama"! The story strikes at an alarming rate (worrying because it's never been so slow to film). The unknown after two hours of clean generation brought back memories of Costner's terrible Wyatt Earp all these years ago. Simply put, there is nothing in the movie, but it takes a long time to do it. It would probably have been more tolerable if the performances were good (because the direction was sure if there was no hell). But if you don't want to play the worst Oirish accent on the spot, you're frustrated. There's the game "Who's the stupid beard?" (A hint, they're ginger for some reason) and "Nature in Australia." Lions, ”is an experience similar to Hallmark, The History Channel, Discovery Channel and neighbors, while they suffer a huge ghost. Yes, nature jumps a lot in order to spend even more time (perhaps an attempt to look at the artistic), the movie shows the meaningless natural pictures of the film, and when all the local species are shown, the circus is here to allow camel and lion (used during one fight, to really try to apologize for the lion more than the mass killed). <br /> <br /> This is a fluffy, emotional historical fluff that should have gone straight to the TV. You can't even say a good word about this movie. Even the usual fantastic Rush seems embarrassing to be here. If one of the characters commented that he and his wife had only two bullets, I wanted to have a weapon to blow the memory of that movie out of my head!
