I can't miss this movie message. It is too clear to ignore it, and it is obscene because it has lost its sense of what it is. I haven't read the novel, but Pollack's film opens up with a scene in the New York-based CIA front, shared by two professional assassins led by Max von Sydow, who continue brutally killing half a dozen exclusive staff members we've known and understood. Employees also include an elderly woman who is depressing (if it is a joke?), And beautiful Tina Chen, who looks up at the copier, realizes she is about to be murdered and says, mercifully brave, "I don't shout." Von Sydow is compassionate: "I know." These murders are completely unexpected, wild, not known by all we know, and graphics. It's brutal. <br /> <br /> There is no way that Von Sydow and his henchman can be redeemed. And that's exactly what Pollack is trying to finish. <br /> <br /> After killing these innocent good boys, von Sydow turns the sides (as the other half is willing to pay him) and kills the evil enemy's CIA plot. The script then becomes a perfectly sensible, sensitive person. "It's better to live in Europe. Things aren't that hurry." Or whatever. I swear I won't. Pollack wants us to believe it is better to be an honest mass murderer than a complicated bureaucrat. This is the message. You should sign it if you forget. Just exactly what psychiatric disorders do you have to have to change the usual values, not to mention common sense, upside down? I understand that there are thoughtful adults who do not like the United States government, even hate it and who see conspiracies almost everywhere, providing an explanation of knee joints for otherwise unexplained events. I know that people who think it exist because I think of some of my close friends. However, at some point, it does not like this hatred if it has to go beyond politics or ethics and psychiatry as the intensity increases. I don't think for a moment that a person who murders people for money is better than a bad government official. I don't care if the murderer is intelligent and cultured or knows how to get to the Louvre subway. Whoever cleans this message needs medication or meditation. <br /> <br /> I would like to say that production is as thorough as I can't with the same message. It's pretty well done. (In some ways, it is worse because it makes the movie less free.) Even in New York, the screen appears photogenic. And it has been a long time since I have thought of New York as photogenic. Robert Redford does an amazing job of pulling out his character's initial shock and confusion, but then turns into a telecommunications polen. And man, he looks just fine! Her wardrobe is right. Even his rimless glasses are changing. And her peacoat. It's not anyone who can make a navy horse jacket beautiful. She also looks very pretty, pig. I want to look like that. I want to wear a denim and such a tie. Faye Dunaway is doing well in her role, but it's not too credible. Would anybody eagerly want a guy who just kidnapped him and kept him in a gun? Even if he looked like Redford? Would anyone be emotionally wounded when this ambivalent relationship is coming to an end, Redford asked him not to say what happened? Cliff Robertson is surprisingly good. He makes one or two very good double shots. Postimees is great. The struggle between him and Redford in a crowded apartment is finely choreographed and we never know for sure how it will turn out, because Redford (the reader of the book after all) seems to be in contradiction with this humble mystery hired. Assassin. This is one of John Houseman's final roles. Shame. He's a magnet on the screen. And what is the end of his life: The friend finds that he has disappeared while traveling on the streets of New York, in the neighborhood where he was familiar for most of his life. <br /> <br /> Yes, the movie is very well done, but I can't ignore this witch, the paranoid message. I have the same problem with Leni Riefenstahl's "Triumph of Will". Or his Olympic documentary, in which the listener walks on foot, where Jesse Owens pulls the lead and says, "This negro is dangerous."
