It's hard for me to say this because I enjoyed both "targets" and "paper months", but I thought the "last picture show" was a somewhat exciting, but too self-conscious film. Its main positive, I'm worried, is stunning photography. But for me, the film had nothing to offer except the beauty of the surface (and the kind of hidden beauty). The characters were very difficult to associate or take care of. Basically you were very slow and this naturalistic style of action, but it was all to support a very formal and predictable story that, with all the traps that any small town melodrama could expect, all from the cheating of the son to the disabled child of his teacher's wife, everyone chooses. It was like "American Graffiti" without the joy of life. <br /> <br /> Some may say that this movie is more realistic - nowadays it seems that many people think that realism is the only stream a film can have. But for me, this film was simply oppressive and I want to see it as badly as I would like to spend a couple of hours in the accident in the city where the characters live. <br /> <br /> Perhaps this movie really belongs to that time - maybe, when I saw it in 1971, I would have had the novelty impressive, just seeing something else on the screen. But it would basically require me to never see anything like Godard's "breathtaking". Perhaps the obvious references to the classic film turned to me for the film geek and helped me to ignore some of the film's weaknesses. But in the post-Tarantino world, which hardly seems unique or special, it is interesting. <br /> <br /> However, it is interesting how he uses movies to make his movie deeper. We see the picture showing 3 movies. First of all, we see Vincent Minnell's "bride's father" - Liz Taylor's exquisite look contrasts with Sonny's girlfriend, and Minnell's upper-class environment is similar to the "real life" of a character. Later, Howard Hawks' Red River clips on the broken friendship between mentors and defenders are underlined. It just reminds me that Bogdanovich can do his own mentor's back as he did when I remember correctly, choosing Hawks as part of his on-screen reverie Boris Karloff "Goals". I think this was a new thing in 1971, but looking at it today, it just seems self-conscious, like so many others from this movie. <br /> <br /> In the end, I see another movie. Hawks, Ford or Minnell, as Bogdanovich's movie, reminded them why they were so strikingly so subtle. Perhaps he is going to remind us of the giants whose time was over - everything he actually does reminds us of how small he and most of his associates are.
