There should be a rule that quite clearly says that films like Resident Evil should be made in the spirit of the game, not in the spirit of all kinds of air. The RU was a horror game of survival and it was influential, but Paul WS Anderson managed to do it like any other video game movie. Alone in the dark, there is essentially the same spirit as Resident Evil, so of course there is little hope that the director will be able to have enough brains to make a movie, not an action movie. Instead, Alone in the Dark just proves that there is no longer any hope that video games will become a movie. <br /> <br /> Despite the fact that it's obviously not important, it's the biggest film with many problems. The film starts with what can only be described as five minutes of scrolling text, which may or may not be important, because after a few minutes, the audience stops taking care of and just sits through the rest by capturing the closest object to them. Then there is something in the orphanage, in some items, the ancient tribe, some bureaucracy, and some demons that all come together so that viewers really can't follow what's going on. The characters move out and out like candies, some have a huge amount of meaningless deaths. Basically, I understand that some demons have been released, and Edward Carnby (Slater) has some kind of connection to them because of some of the operations that children failed in the orphanage that failed him. She finds a demon-related artifact and leads it to an ex-girlfriend's anthropologist (Reid), who of course is able to have sex immediately without good reason. Then hell breaks everywhere and the couple arrives with a military team headed by some asshole head (Dorff) who apparently has reciprocal hatred against Carnby. <br /> <br /> It's all ridiculous, and the reason I don't really understand it is just because it's complicated and confusing, but it doesn't really care for anyone. Instead, I highly recommend that if you see this movie, bring a tennis ball or something that you can occupy for yourself if the plot succeeds in making you confused. <br /> <br /> Action scenes in the movie with the plot are so terrible, because it should at least pull a little, right? Too bad, this movie is like any other destroyed crap ever made. Given that it is based on a horror game, not an action game, it is particularly annoying. <br /> <br /> The first place that includes a man who travels from a taxi to Cranby is one of the worst I ever had to admit and the rest aren't that big. The demons seem somewhat cool, although the fact that they are killed becomes a powder loses its effect. Scenes involving a large number of weapons that should be unlocked include muzzle fire as the only light source and zooming and tilting the camera faster than the crack-addict head. It is any kind of seizure that keeps children in bed at night. <br /> <br /> Exhibition is what I like to invite participants and not do anything. Slater does nothing that is important for the whole movie, although she seems to have more talent than she promises. The same goes for Dorff, who is grateful, though he has a lot of talent (something that has happened to him a lot). Reid is pretty much exactly what he should be, sex sex, because when he tries to act, it is a disaster (as it is an incredibly bad scientist he is at first). <br /> <br /> Everything, that is, the type of film that worries me about movies in future video games. If they destroy such a spirit, it is only a matter of time before Samus Aran kills the Middle East AK-47 and Tommy Vercetti fights the alien group. Unlike Resident Evil, however, it doesn't deserve a second chance, because I don't think anything could help me forget how terrible this movie is. It's happier, uninteresting and unexpected. It's a diarrhea film; all this has been thrown, something really fits and finally you are just glad it is over. TOTAL: 4%
