I usually start by submitting a movie presumption, but before anyone makes urgent decisions about my review, let me point out that I'm someone who likes most movies (just check other reviews). In the dark alone, the film by director Uwe Boll, which had been a dead house before (2003). Like Alone in the Dark, it was also a video game adaptation of the video game. Almost everyone hated it. Well, I loved it. I even gave it to 10 out of 10! My remark about this (which makes some readers right away) is that if I even hate alone in the dark, it must be something wrong. <br /> <br /> Position: Who am I kidding? The assumption of this movie is as simple as balancing the United States budget, but it is still here. Some archaeologists discovered evidence of some of the lost American Indian tribes. The Indian tribe had apparently discovered some means to open the "second world" that was evil in nature. The bad stuff wiped them out, but not until they locked the door into the evil world and threw it away. Later, some scientist / government scientist who had experimented with the paranormal, and especially the tribe, tried to test some children to try to produce a hybrid with another world. (Believe it or not - all this point and then some of us will be told in the written prologue of the film - it's just a white text that scrolls over the black screen and whose voice is also reading us). Then there was something about the children in the orphanage, but the government takes them back, and then a lot of people are looking for archaeological remains and there are super people who are traveling around and a number of troops are called in and on and on. <br /> <br /> In fact, exposure never really stopped. It's like the endless background of hell. There are enough ideas to fill at least 10 movies, maybe 25. But not one of them is presented in a uniform way to create one good movie. In addition to the mysterious lost Indian tribe and superhumans, we also get monsters that resemble a cross between strangers and werewolves, worms penetrating into your body and becoming snake-like aliens, teasing worms underground, zombies, Starship Trooper-type wars, evil scientists, earth - basic spots, gold mines, spooky warehouses, impalements, large mostly unused museums, government conspiracies, golden shafts taken out of the sea, nuns, explosions, difficult setbacks, very vague romance, camper vans, home invasions, kitchen sinks. . . wait, I don't remember if the last one was in the movie. More amazingly (amusingly?) Quoted by Fangoria # 240 by Shawn Williamson, saying, "We spend a lot more time on the story, being very careful about it." Tara Reid called Alone in the Dark a "smarter movie". <br /> <br /> Let me not mislead anyone. Many of the things mentioned above may sound to the potential audience of this film, but the problem is that nothing is the slightest. Normally, I had no idea what settings were associated with any other device, why we were there, or what someone did (at least at the beginning of each scene). It's just a random mishmas of casualties and clichés, as if director Uwe Bollil was wearing 250 independent ideas and pulled them out like lottery numbers. When he had done, he and editor Richard Schwadel decided to cut the movie with dice, then he re-assembled, throwing I Ching. Sometimes the film plays as an expanded director's reel (which is a combination of short, diverse, independent scenes that leaders circulate to get a job), but maybe it's too big. I'm not sure Boll would work if it was his roll. Just as I tend to at least like most movies, I tend to do most of the participants and most performances. It is very rare to say that the performance was bad. Well, Tara Reid was bad here - and I'm someone who usually likes Reid. I don't know what happened. For a large part of the film, they just move around like a prop. They could also have just bought a blow needle. It would save those money they could have used for some cgi ghosts and vampires in the castle and graveyard settings. Maybe they decided to move around him like a real driftwood, after seeing their dumb-minded dialogue diaries in monotone, usually reserved for entertaining mothers. <br /> <br /> And speaking of this dialogue, much is played alone in the dark, like Godzilla's film without Godzillata. That means it's a lot of pseudo-gobbled-gook. At least in Godzilla's films, it has a combiousness, because they know how ridiculous it is, and there is a big profit in that we see Godzilla to destroy the city center and fight the giant bats of radioactive death. Just what Stephen Dorff and Christian Slater are doing here, in addition to overriding and presenting cases against their representatives, is hard to say. I can't say I thought someone had a decent performance, though maybe Slater saw at least a cigar. I think it is unprecedented for me. <br /> <br /> However, I didn't give this movie. 1. There was some competent cinematic art, even though Boll and Schwadel made a small flesh and the hard stone sounds over the final credits were good. Heck, even a novel prologue, wasn't that bad. I thought the film had a promise at this point. But this may be the worst film I've seen with 20 million or more budgets.
