This movie proves that not every movie made during Hollywood prizes is worth it. Just because you have a great ensemble of the ensemble does not mean that it can exceed the script that is probably written in the chimp! Think about it - the film was Richard Widmark, Lauren Bacall, Charles Boyer, Gloria Graham, Lillian Gish and Paul Stewart, but it was still a bad movie! The main prerequisite of the film is not bad - a private psychiatric hospital where employees are more involved than patients! The promising spouse (Widmark and Graham) also had many promises on the bottom line. At the same time, the script dealt with the fineness and inclination of all drunken buffaloes - over and over again and again. In fact, it was less than a drama and a very bad episode of a "general hospital". Fine, this movie is not !! Realistic, this movie is not !! Although most of the reason for this movie was a terrible script, but I also accuse manufacturers who have been wrongly misused and misused. For example, Paul Stewart may not be a household name, but this character had an extraordinary talent - especially when he played the gangster in the films Noir. But here Stewart has been cast as a very unpleasant psychiatrist with some strange European accents - it just doesn't work because it was well beyond his scope and his character was completely undeveloped and one-dimensional. Charles Boyer also seemed hopelessly unsuccessful and completely inappropriate. Seeing this fine romantic actor in the heart of a psychiatrist in the heart of America seemed just strange. <br /> <br /> In general, it's a pretty horrible movie. It is very traceable in the wreck of the train, but it is certainly not quite beautiful. My wife and I didn't like much of the movie, but we felt that it could have been great if the writing had been competent. <br /> <br /> PS - In the art of imitating life, Oscar Levant played one patient. In real life, the bright Levant spent much of his life in and out of spiritual institutions.
