First of all, I would like to point out that this film has absolutely nothing to see about the Dutch folklore story of a ghost ship, also called FLYING DUTCHMAN. In this movie, you can't see a sailing boat. You don't see sailors, ghosts, or anything more exciting. This is not the story of the ghost ship, and I wish they had reported it on major credits or I wouldn't have been following it because I thought it was a movie about the legend. Many people seem to think the film is related to the ghost legend because the film is listed on the Wikipedia page of the "Flying Dutchman" legend ... I don't understand why. Maybe it is based on the legendary "The Wandering Jew"? Or maybe they adjusted the worst parts of the legend? The film begins with a fight order that lets anyone hope that the film has battle scenes. Unfortunately, this is the only battle scene in the movie. Then you see Daniel Emilfork (who was Krank City of Lost Children) for about two seconds and it would allow anyone to hope that the film has a good acting. Unfortunately, he is very bad in the movie. The same can be said of the Italian actor Nino Manfred, who was one of Italy's best actors and condemned here as a mad bird competitor who doesn't have a story whose only purpose is to look like a "smart man" movie. And boy, does this film need sharpness! The character of each story seems to be enjoying swimming in stools, shouting, torturing others (stools), abandoning (stools), or just putting stools for that fun. It seems so fun that the character of every story gets to its place or to another place in the stool. Coming from a Dutch director, one might think that extreme dirt and shockingly real slag are the elements of the period that helped Dutch filmmaker Paul Verhoeven's film "Flesh + Blood", which is such a great film. The idea of ​​"Flesh + Blood" would allow anyone to expect the film to be the same dirty and visually straightforward. Unfortunately, unlike "meat + blood", there is no dramatic progression, no struggle, no good action, or simply "meat and blood". Photography, when opening lines open, is well done and appealing. It also stops very early in the movie. The music of Nicola Piovani ("fame of La vità e bella") is repetitive and annoying, if not relevant (sometimes it means that there is greatness in the sequence, while the actors are splashing on the screen). During the first "act" of the film, which lasts less than an hour (!), The film takes place within the same perimeter that lies around the farm where the main characters live. The characters play a lot of stools, they drown, play in it. Many ellipses take a long time to allow the main character, a young boy who loves to play, grow old and play in feces. The birdman talks a lot about stupid things in Italian. Spanish conquistadors speak French. Nothing makes sense. Everything is confused and takes time to happen. Then there is another work called "ship", in which we can see what the ship might have been, long ago, but what is left of the ship (covered with stool)? The main character, walking a little further from the farm, just happens to get in and decide it's really cool to live in it. Hookback, who lived in this before, tries to kill him, but he doesn't really remember it because (I mentioned?) He's not very bright. She thinks the ship can navigate and hopes it will run until more conquistors appear (at least they seemed to be Don Quixote-style hats, but since I have said it is really confused who is who) the detainee with a slowed hail and they burn the ship to the ground. The last part of the film, which is very difficult for the spectator to wear, because it simply consists of even more stools, where there is even more slowing down the struggle with middle-aged peasants, in a crazy shelter. More torture and drowning each other in the feces. Even more, the director strikes who seems to have given up his job or handed over to another team member's assistant to do the rest of the work. Finally, a lot of mentally challenged new "friends" that the Dutchman died. The woman with whom she had sex, her brother's wife, to start with her son. The Dutch and his son are talking. The film ends in two hours with dungy pictures and unhappy acting and technical performances. Then the credit roles and the spectators are tremendously free that they should not watch the scary movies that have no plots pretending to be legendary fantasy movies, while they are nothing but a complete catalog of stools that some movies get when some movies get they do not have enough financial powers to make battles or even horses.
