The same evening, when I watched it, I also watched "Scary Movie 4", making a double-confused double function. Unfortunately, these killer tomatoes were unable to hold on to the laughing government, which is a scary movie franchise. Although I fought here with boredom, watching jokes that were stupid and stupid, cruelly dated and cruelly bad, in the last parody I laughed out loud. How would I like it any more. Director John De Bello uses the premise that a growth hormone is wrong and has made tomatoes kill. However, his main goal is to capture the genre of accident films that was so big back in the day. The script climbs the stoner's humor, and maybe if you take illegal substances with your movie nights, it could be your cup of tea. Me, sober, was stuck, watching the adult man go under the cover as a tomato. And this one joke, it's never funny where there is a discrepancy between a Japanese-speaking actor and a voice. Some may strangle, I didn't. They even had a Hitler joke that wasn't funny, and I thought all of Hitler's jokes were funny. <br /> <br /> The narrative of this movie is so loose (without good reason) that it is almost impossible to explain. Tomatoes kill people, the government is trying to stop it, talking about bad jokes. Their purpose may have been right, because their targets are media, consumption and paranoia (the three things that control our lives today). Strangely enough, the main selling point of this movie, these gosh darn tomatoes, is really a look. And if they do, the real tomatoes will play it. This washed trick did nothing to me, because I can see very little packed tomatoes that eat the body thanks to the stop-action camera tricks. There is also the fear of breaking into the work here, which prevents the real joke of this film. To fall asleep in almost every scene, some audience members may like it, but more than likely it is seen as an invitation to join the fun. <br /> <br /> I could also add that this seems to be the old-fashioned human egoism. Man eats tomato and it's dinner, tomato eats people and it's a global catastrophe. But that's just how the world works. In the film, the product becomes evil due to genetic modification, but in the real world, our production (see Taco Bell) is transformed by negligence. And like these evil deeds of green onions, the shelf life of this film has long been lost. There are some good checks. The last shot was really pretty, but it wasn't close enough to record this moderate smell. I'm pretty sure that a good movie is buried within this concept, but the script would need to be filtered through about ten rewrite. And "there" I mean "Scary Movie 4". ** 1/4
