If you are a cult cinema and / or a self-educated filmmaker, will there be a point in life? preferably earlier than later? so you have to watch "Killer Tomatoes" attack. This is an inevitable fortress, because it is one of the most famous terrible clips of cult. One small but important detail, however, is that the "Killer Tomato Attack" is deliberately terrible. Already when the message that mocks Alfred Hitchcock's "Birds" opens, it is clearly intended as a zero-budget parody, and I don't get the impression that the writer / director John De Bello has never waited for his film to be a hit. The film reflects the modern popular trend of the so-called eco-damage (plants, animals and nature in general) and introduces the least dangerous vegetables that can be imagined as invincible slaughter machines. The secret government's agricultural project for producing larger and more delicious tomatoes goes terribly wrong, and reports of tomato attacks from across the country will soon appear. The President assembles a team of special forces to fight a juicy enemy, which includes secret agents with very specific knowledge and scientists with terribly dubbed voices. "Killer Tomatoes" attack the first half hour is very fun. As stupid as usual, seeing traditionally designed vegetables that pop up the sink and attack hysterical housewives is quite original and funny. There are also many memorable moments in the first semester, such as the memorable theme song, the "Jaws" respect, and the infamous unforeseen helicopter crash (see details) that made it the final passage. After that, the whole thing becomes tedious, unstructured and unbearably amateur. The quality of jokes ranges from fresh and inventive to embarrassing and not funny and has too many signs and sub-squares. Personally, I prefer the queues of the 80s and early 90s (which I saw before seeing the original) because they benefit somewhat from better production values, incredibly generic tomato special effects and veteran actor John Astini ("The Addams Family") as a mad scientist Dr Gangreen. However, as has already been said, the original observation material in your life is inexplicably inexplicable at some point.
