*** Warning - this review includes a "plot spoiler", although nothing could "spoil" this movie if it already exists. It's really so bad. *** <br /> <br /> Before I start, I would like to let everyone know that this is definitely one of those incredibly bad movies. If you have a mild mood and you need a very cheerful smile, it's a movie for you. Now, without any further ado, my review: <br /> <br /> This movie was found in a favorable binary Wal-Mart. This should be the first idea of ​​how good this film is. Secondly, it marks the sheep star of Dolph Lundgren. It should be another clue about how good this film is. I'm still shocked that it was even put on a DVD (who would waste my money to do it?), Although as you can imagine, there are no bonuses or bonuses on the DVD. In fact, there is not even a menu; the movie starts playing. <br /> <br /> First of all, this film writer deserves torture and killing. This is one of the worst scripts ever written and suffering from a terrible one-time lining; remarkably incredible, fake dialogue; and inappropriate comments (like Lee's comment on Lundgren's masculinity which I later mention). There is no sincere line in the whole movie. The dialogue and the plot go hand in hand, because the script and the two advances are completely meaningless. Two police hate each other for no apparent reason at first and then again for some reason, Lee's character pulls the way, drives the car to another side and says I'm not letting you go alone because for myself, I like it! And I don't want to kill you! '. or something to that extent. There's a nasty lining that's usually said by Lee. For example, when he puts it out with a bad guy, Lee says, "You have the right to be silent. You have the right to be dead!" Finally, I mention the totally inappropriate and pointless comment Lee makes on Lundgren sub-regions. for a seemingly random scene of love, and Lundgren decides to fight his underwear, Lee tells him: "The box we die, I wanted to let you know that you have the biggest dick I have seen a guy." Yes, he actually says. thought and not even possible (Lee never sees Lundgren naked, so how does he know it?), but the writer threw it in. The whole movie looks like some kind of action game, and Lee even admits it. After Lee and only underwear-Lundgren win all these bad guys, Lee makes a comment that is really beautiful: "Wow, it's kind of like a video game; we just won the first wave!" <br /> <br /> Second, this movie The plot is despicable, and I think it mainly suffers from the fact that it does not exist. The trailer of this movie, which IMDb is able to look at by the way, is that the film is about two police who are trying to prevent the Japanese Yakuza from disappearing from Lost Angeles. However, this is extremely misleading because the film has nothing to do with it at all. They make very short and vague references to Yakuza, who is trying to start a methamphetamine business with local drug dealers, but the whole film, ACTUALLY, revolves around a poorly written test after Kenner (Lundgren's character) to punish his parents' death. The Yakuza leader (named Yoshida) died when he was only 9 years old. The whole plot can basically be summed up: Yoshida wants Kenner dead, Kenner wants Yoshida dead, and two try two to kill each other. Of course, Kenner's sarcastic sidekick (named Johnny and Brandon Lee) works like an unknown idiot and Tia Carrere naked. twice. <br /> <br /> Action is one of the worst parts of the whole movie. The dialogue is so unrealistic, and its utter incredible imagination further emphasizes this. You are waiting for the stars to hardly work, but this movie highlights some of the most unthinkable, ever recorded actions. <br /> <br /> Finally, we get to the heart of the movie: badly bad action. In this movie, there are so many amazingly bad, unrealistic sequences of action, it is just quite impressive that they managed to match all of them. Although Lee also has a fair share of bad scenes, most of the really terrible activities are related to Lundgren. For example, Lundgren takes four or five kung fu with a bad boy with one hand, without losing his tea. Lundgren jumped over at random when a surprising gateway car was found. Or how, when he reaches the closed door, grabs the villain on the other side, he pulls back behind the door and wins it up? Or, if she rises to Tia Carrere, she gently (not runs) turns back through the glass that crushes her, and jumps up one-tenth in height with Tia, but lifts the whole car with no effort and uses it as a barricade to protect them from bullets ? All the shameless bomb attacks are also terrible, because Lundgren and Lee immediately kill all the bad guys, while the rain of those fifty attackers never seems to be any of them. This is of course up to the movie's final fight scene. Lundgren has an empty chest at the point of impact in an area where even if he managed to leave his heart, he would immediately begin to fill the lungs with blood and kill for a few seconds. Nonetheless, Lundgren remains in the supreme situation and throws him out of the middle of paradise, Yoshida, an evil super-villain. And, of course, the people in the samurai parade are the REAL, fully sharpened catanas, two of which are used for sword fighting. Now, in addition to your spotted wound, Lundgren gets several deep slices on his chest and arms. Does it stop it? No, of course not! In fact, a few seconds later, how easily Yoshida was killed (who pulls a wheel similar to the table plate and breaks without flame), Lundgren walks randomly with Tia and Lee as if he was not injured at all. God, it's terrible. <br /> <br /> All of these factors are then mixed with a totally unnecessary and free naked scene every five minutes, including topless women at the party, topless female assault, women striptease club, naked women in a Japanese spa, and a meaningless hot tub and love scene with Tia. Not to mention the odd sushi bar, where rich Japanese men eat naked women sushi. By the way, Lee forces me to say with a lot of fake enthusiasm that after he has destroyed the fraudsters, he and Lundgren are going to eat fish from these nude chicks! This is followed by a disturbing high of five, of course. And we can not forget the terrible editing, as if rogues crush a man who was stuck in a car in a junkyard, and indeed the editors obviously missed the glimpse. Credits also create a huge list of stunt workers, which means that the movie stars probably haven't done much. <br /> <br /> Ultimately, this movie repeatedly goes beyond its bad bad. It is illogical and impossible, and as a result it is very interesting. If you are looking for any thoughtful cinema, this film wants to die. If you are looking for a good laugh and a good time for making a bad movie, this movie will delight you. As a real movie, I make this movie from 0.5 out of 10. As an entertainment waste of one hour and eighteen minutes, it takes a cake of beauty.
