The funny sound you hear when you hear Jules Verne's classic "Journey to the Earth", is Verne's grave. The only thing in this 80-minute opus that has anything to do with the "journey to the center of the Earth" is the title. Otherwise, everything else in this poor production is new and not worth looking at. In fact, the director at IMDb.COM wrote that he was in charge of "Journey to the Earth" for eight minutes, and Albert Pyun, the leader of the studio "Dollman", continued his "Alien from L.A." Kathy Ireland. Apparently, the producers ended up with money and fulfilled the contractual obligations of the overseas countries, they put the order of Pyun on the film by director Rusty Lemorande. Please don't rent or buy this garbage. <br /> <br /> Unlike the director's Henry Levin's "Journey to the Earth" period (1959) with James Mason and Pat Boone, Lemorande's "Journey" to Earth Center is happening today in Hawaii. Two companions, a British babysitter, and a dog have been put together for a lifetime adventure just by chance. Richard (Paul Carafotes, "Blind Date") and his comic book obsessed brother Bryan (Ilan Mitchell-Smith "Weird Science") are leaving the cave. The heroine Crystina ("Underworld" Nicola Cowper) works as a domestic service at Nannies R Us. The babysitter has been Crystina's lifetime dream, but she has done all five children's work. Nonetheless, his sympathetic supervisor pr. Ferry (African Express Lynda Marshall) in Hawaii. Crystina's new customer, rock star Billy Foul (Jeremy Crutchley, "Doomsday"), who drives one of the last concerts to revive his career career, is Bernard. Foul wants Crystina to take Bernard for a dog holiday. Crystina is waiting for her taxi to arrive when a careless mountaineer accidentally puts the Bernard's hidden basket in the Richard Jeep. You see, Foul has hidden his dogs in the basket because the motel management strictly prohibits pets in their rooms. Foul is a hidden dog as a human child. Anyway, Crystina catches the cab and tells Richard the driver. <br /> <br /> After he reaches his dog, the cabbie will drive away and give up. Crystina requires Richard to lead her back to the city, but she has other plans. Unfortunately, Crystina joins the boy and they disappear and then find themselves in the lost city of Atlantis, a dictator in the middle of the country. The Atlantean rulers repeatedly inform their citizens that there is no life on the surface. Our heroes and heroine stumble randomly on Atlantis. Atlantis resembles a disco and everyone looks like they're punk opera. General Atlantis Governor General Rykov (Operation Hit Squad, Janet Du Plessis) is organizing an attack on Atlantis by the first person, Wanda Saknussemm ("with the necessary hardness Kathy Ireland" clones). Predictably, General Rykov's mechanisms to rule Atlantis and overthrow the Earth have failed, and our heroes and heroine will save the day. <br /> <br /> "Traveling to the Center of the Earth" is abomination. The film seems to be a comedy, despite its superficial satirical dictatorship. Albert Pyun is one of my favorite small budget executives, but he blew it on lightweight tables in scientific literature.
