The journey to the center of the Earth is a story of some Hawaiian tourists, three of them siblings, and one of them is a young British nanny babysitter dog. When siblings accidentally fly out of their jeep with their dogs' biscuits, the nanny follows them (maybe just safer to buy more) to the cave where siblings are going to explore (I think). For some reason, they actually go to the cave and when the place is hoping, they try to get results, except for the six-year-old sister whom they say to get help. In the meantime, the more they move in the caves, the more they continue and continue to the core of the earthquake. And, look, this is where they find the city of Atlantis and its strange aliens who live under the oppressive regime of an alien who doesn't want them to ask many questions about their outer worlds. <br /> <br /> I see the film director Rusty Lemorande commenting on this movie, in which he explains that some of this movie is actually a sequel to Alien in LA. it was an amazingly cheap movie that would only be higher than the city limits (a 1988 sci-fi movie, also made out of a non-existent budget), at least at the end of this terrifying, mostly uneven film that cuts the corners where it could over the past 20 minutes to achieve some humor and fun when we finally see what life is in the middle of the alien in the middle of the earth. I also give it two stars, not one, because it was sometimes funny, even if it was only in its nuances. For example, foreigners ask the British girl whether she is an alien, and she explains that the ministry should send her working visa shortly. Or if an alien girl finds Bryan and explains that she is in the city of Altantis and injures her in Atlantic City, New Jersey. Such small things make the first hour idiotic or tolerable. Imagine how big a film might have been, even if they had 1) that was actually intended, and 2) actually had the money to do it. <br /> <br /> I like how, finally, someone admires what happened to a little sister who was initially sent for help. He just got lost in the Hawaiian caves and not too far from the erupting volcano.
