Flat film. Totally uninteresting. There's no chemistry between Indiana Jones and Black Hawk Down. The car chase scene goes on and on and the ad museum. They are able to change vehicles a couple of times, but they always reach the bad tail. The scene where Hartnett grabbed the family car with the children crying at the back was as stupid as it could have been. He talks to them about Eastern philosophy and how it is right to die, which I think writers thought was funny or even witty. It was just moral, incredible and even cruel. <br /> <br /> Some subpages were not even investigated, they were used as fillers. Why is Hartnett sick of seeing a dead body but keeps burgers on crime scenes? Why and for what reasons is a bad IA guy headed by a chief of blue from arrest? Why can IA get girlfriends and just let them answer their phones or pretend they are Indian mystics, and then let them just roll there without having as much wrist? For some reason, even if Ford is discovered as a real estate agent due to fraud and fraud (he makes prices when he tries to sell the manufacturer's house to raise his credentials), they will come back to him anyway! They knew lied to both! Yet they were there, reaching concepts that both said they would never go. Stupid, just stupid. It is also one of those police films where they simply ignite in the streets without being cared for by innocent bystanders in the world. There they were, just standing on a sidewalk that burst while people were covered. Amazingly, they didn't hit any person after about 60 rounds of firing .... <br /> <br /> Scripting was terrible, the sequences were boring, the plot was just a very pathetic attempt to get us root for Ford and Hartnett. It fails. And Ford's Phone! Turn off the damn thing! How many times could it call a 2-hour movie? 50? 60? The center of the movie was made more frustrating! Every 30 seconds it would play a silly tune! And if it wasn't Ford, Hartnett called! It was incredibly annoying! <br /> <br /> A complete waste of time, Ford's worst film from day 6 to 7 nights, which was undoubtedly the lowest point of his outstanding career.
