Well this movie made me feel so strong that I signed up for an IMDb account to warn people. This is obviously ATTENTION! Nothing is sensible in this movie. There are too many sub-blocks to get started. Josh Hartnet's character is an ambitious actor and yoga teacher, but also a policeman who seems to have lived beyond his means and teaches yoga to hot girls (some of whom are waiting in their jacuzzi when he goes back to work). Add to this the fact that his father was killed by a crooked police, which just happens when an unhappy duo investigates the current crime. Harrison Ford's character is trying to sell the property on the side and sleeps with a former housekeeper, who runs a psychological radio show that shows Ford's characteristic calls from time to time. NONSENSE !! <br /> <br /> I don't remember the names of the characters (it's so forgotten that it's so), so I'm referring to them as Ford and Hartnett. <br /> <br /> Then the dialogue is brutal. I mean the disgraceful thing here. Throw every cliché into the book (which has a heart-to-heart drink during the day, where the bartender knows his name; duo is being investigated in internal affairs (why?); <br /> <br /> As I mentioned, the plot is inconvenient and there is no continuity: 1) When the Ford car is taken back, how the hell did the repo boys do? you know where it would be parked? Did they follow him? 2) When Hartnett goes to the graveyard and it happens that the only criminals (earring) are imitating the charred bodies there (it was happy!) 3) When the two were arrested and the questioning was taken - Ford continues to answer his phone and Hartnett Yourself "table yoga. Instead of taking a phone from Ford, the IA-boy waits for him to ring every time and then tries to take it off the table before Ford does. Meanwhile, a woman IA rubs in Hartnetti. Then, inexplicably, these two questions will be missed. 4) While driving, Hartnetti is driving a car around Hollywood and breaking his way, but suddenly the car is perfect again. Not from scratch! 5) When Ford robs the bad boy of the building and he gets a lift, how the hell does he know what floor is a bad boy? 6) If two are in the back of the carriage, Ford will try to close the real estate transaction. Come on! 7) Bad guy is the most unreliable record. His motivation to kill a group of catching rapids on his label? They can leave their labels and warning them to keep their other groups loyal. But hang on, how does he ever plan to sign up with someone with this business plan? 8) Why is the IA man who investigates Ford finally arrested? There is no explanation! 9) And Hartnett can use his "act" to end a bad man in the end. <br /> <br /> I could go on, really. Anyone who looks deeper into this film than a straight up comedy needs to look into their head because that's all. There is nothing else here! It should not be satirical or ironic. It's just a mess.
