Three giant tiger tigers (.., created in a mitochondrial DNA lab, "genetic breakthrough" derived from fossil material) have been accidentally released through a series of events (such as computer geek deployed virus security) to keep the resort's new stores closed during the construction and the departure of the security guard at the opening of the gate, when they are looking for a missing page of porn that flew down, threatening the lives of the people with whom it is exposed. Tigers are always hungry but unable to digest what they eat. So hanging tigers just cut down on their harvest. Among the victims are a group of college children (.. stereotypes are Gothic girl, jock and tech nerd), security guards and those who are somewhat advanced rich fools, whom we easily despise and want terrible death. <br /> <br /> By switching a whole host of bad sci-fi channels, Sabretooth's attack has some of the worst computer models I've ever seen. And the final order of deaths is so strictly stated that the deepest recesses of your soul require the time it takes for this truly terrible exercise to function as an animal. There are some good dark humor that comes from the neck-torn heads, but even here, prosthetics are convincing. Prosthetic body parts and blood sacrifices collide with victims, cry and help them. I'm starting to get a broken record, I repeat myself in every user comment I write on these sci-fi channel clips. I think it may be time to move on to another type of cinema. Robert Carradine has a cruel businessman threatened by his truly repelling ex-brother, Nicholas Bell, one of the opening "Primal Parks", a resort / zoo with genetically-engineered Sigma tigers. Stacy Haiduk is still a rather enthusiastic security officer who is trying to convince Bell of the investors he expects to go to invest in his multi-million dollar project to leave the island. Brian Wimmer is a Haiduck lover and his role is to be a mechanic who keeps the operations running smoothly. <br /> <br /> The fate of Bell at the end, which is due to the chipped teeth that have been shrouded in tiger shape, is mines. Carradine spends a large part of the film, which is carried by Bell, his architect. The tiger's point of view shows people a bright color when it moves toward them. Ultimately, the film is made up of films that walk through the dark corridors (.. the tech nerve virus cut off power) worried about their safety. College children are committed to breaking and entering in order to collect certain things they need (.. it is a scavenger action) to enter into fraternity / corporation. The games played by these children do not rise above their clichés.
