The film begins with a driver (Nicholas Bell), who gives Primal Park to the welcomed investors (Robert Carradine). A secret project that resembles a primary animal using fossil DNA, such as the Assurassik Park´, and some scientists are restoring the most terrifying predator of nature, Sabretooth Tiger or Smilodon. However, the scientific ambition becomes deadly, and when the high-voltage fence is opened, the creature can escape and start capturing its harvest - human visitors, tourists and scientists. In the meantime, some young people enter the restricted area of ​​the security center and are attacked by large, historical animals that are worse and larger. In addition, the security agent (Stacy Haiduk) and his companion (Brian Wimmer) are fighting against carnivorous Smilodons. Of course, Sabretoothid are real stars and they are amazingly amazing but not convincing. Huge animals are robbing their prey and the group is scaring and fighting for the most terrifying predators of nature. Besides, the third Sabretooth more dangerous and slower stems for its victims. The story offers exciting and confusing entertainment, but it produces quite boring results. Huge animals are made by the majority of the computer generator and seem completely weak. Various shows, although players react appropriately to get food. running, tying and jumping or hanging over walls. And this is a ridiculous final deadly scene. Small children are not realistic, gory and violent attack scenes. Other films from Sabretooth or Smilodon are: ʻSabretooth (2002) - James R Hickox Vanessa Angel, David Keith and John Rhys Davies, and much better 10,000 BC (2006) ol Roland Emmerich with Steven Strait Curtis and Camilla Belle. This movie, full of bloody moments, is poorly guided and original by George Miller because it takes too many elements from previous films. Miller is an Australian director who usually works on television (Tidal wave, Journey to the earth, and many others), and sometimes in cinema (a man from Snowy River, Zeus and Roxanne, Robinson Crusoe). Rating: below average, bottom of barrel.
