My 3-fold score is not what I would give the original Soviet version of this movie. It seems that American-International (a studio that specializes in 60-year ultra-low budget tickets) bought this movie and destroyed it completely - for two hours a plus film for 64 minutes! In addition, most of this 64-minute new material (such as "monsters") - so you know that this film bears almost no resemblance to the original. The original film seems to be quite straight on the drama conquest of Soviet space - though I'm not really sure what it was originally! For an introduction to the original film, read Steven Nyland's review - it was very helpful. <br /> <br /> By the way, this was the third Soviet sci-film I've seen that the American-International bought and then hacked to make a "new" movie-based practice for a company that was ready to do something is on the screen to make a box - provided it didn't cost them much more than a little, of course. first place!! This American film was about two competing world powers (not the US and the Soviet Union) who tried to be the first to Mars. The complicated "bad guys" are trying, but unable, and "good guys" save one idiot from astronauts and then head to Mars. Unfortunately, they temporarily stay on the Martian moon, where they see some of the monsters (added by the American international), which is HIGHLY FROZEN and one is similar to a certain part of the woman's anatomy. Then they will be saved - return to the Earth's heroes. <br /> <br /> The bottom line is that the film was polished - with incredibly beautiful art (for a time) that changed to C Film. That is why the Soviet Council really had reason to anger America! I'm just shocked that the terrible work I did with this movie didn't convince them to refuse to sell more movies to these jerks! It's worth looking for a smile, but the really bad moments that make you laugh are a little and far away. So, the movie is dude - it's not bad enough to make it too visible and too serious for bad movie fans. I really love to see this movie in its original form - it has to be a picture.
