Monster is an unnecessarily horrible movie about the evil American concrete factory (which is still in Hollywood?), Which contaminates the small city of Colombia in Chimayo water, creating somehow a pillar-like beast for sheep and open women. James Mitchum is Bill Travis, a man who is sent to Chimayos by his unpleasant oral superior, Barnes, who himself cannot hold his hand behind his secretary to get the story down. Although Chimayos Bill has to fight with an annoying reporter who apparently transmits all his stories in perfect English straight back to America. I think the market was in the 1970s for the news of small South American cities. There is also a radical called Sanchez, who wants to sabotage the water pollution factory, which, by the way, also offers jobs to local people, but why let cold-hearted economics go by weak self-awareness. The factory boss Pete, who is deliberately assisted by a monster when he is having sex with his former girlfriend at the beach, tells him that he sees the mayor's daughter, Juanita, and is between them, then he eats right at night. A small side effect without proof. My hat is for you. John Carradine rounds off like a priest who believes God sends a monster to punish sinners. You see the contempt he is in in his movie in this movie. It may well be filmed that he runs into a local currency exchange to see if his check has failed. <br /> <br /> It is said to be based on a real stage, so they say it twice in open credits. is terrible on all fronts. Filming began in 1971 and was left until eight years later when Kenneth Hartford put his mouth on Monster's throat, adding his two annoying children to new characters, putting his daughter, Andrea Mitchum and Carradine. Sound quality is non-existent and most scenes seem to be like a camera before shooting. This is becoming increasingly annoying during the many scenes made at night. The monster itself is ridiculous because it rises to its ugly rubber head with an antimicrobial end. James Mitchum with his brother Chris is proof that there is a need to reduce nepotism in the industry. Fully unwinding. Shame on you, John Carradine.
