In the summer, which also praised the controversial stinkers like the Snakes aircraft and the Da Vinci code, this is a pretty bold statement. But I still stand in front of it. Superman Returns, like King Kong 6 months before, is a long-term, mortgage and CGI up eyeball. My God, this stuff does my head. <br /> <br /> Richard Donner had the idea of ​​"keeping it real" during his two trips. And I think his approach to special and optical effects is the most appropriate. Brian Singer bombs us so much with CGI that it really brings you the story and reminds you to look at the blockade of wannabe, which suggests that the only way to impress the audience is to spend $ 250 million (a totally irresponsible amount of money)) unpleasant visual effects that do not match the leap. We have seen everything and have been wherever CGI can take us. There is no real atmosphere or involvement in it. And for a movie that consists of 95% of this mess ... well, you can read it. <br /> <br /> I have read so many comments from fanboy critics about how the film has a "soul" or "human heart" or "delicate moments." Tel-rental! We've already had an amazing superhero yelled "you love me when you knew who I am" tens of times already in recent years and SR offers absolutely nothing new in this respect, even the plot is recycled rubbish Lex Luthor (seriously lied and hammy Kevin Spacey) who drew the American land to destroy , it was already in the first movie! And well ... it's your party! It's amazing that they managed to pull this junk out for 2.5 painful hours! Even if the cast would be pleasant, it would make it less intolerable. But Brandon Routh has a mahogany hat frame screen personality, Kate Bosworth is absolutely convincing as Pulitzer's award-winning journalist, James Marsden is 250% wood as usual, and Kevin Spacey really needs to shoot his agent or get some better judgment. the one who liked it was lovely Parker Posey. But I'm with strange girls. <br /> <br /> Each year, such films are bigger and more bombastic. Soon we will have a $ 300 million movie. Studios need to realize that they should start looking down. For all the money that Warner spent on such a hack, all the resources that this film costs is worth it? In my opinion, this is certainly not the case! This rubbish is the life of Superman!
