First, let me comment on what I liked about the movie. Special effects were fantastic and very rarely felt I was watching a video game. There's the last nice thing I want to say about this movie. In fact, I would like everyone who reads to take note that I cannot even put it in words how difficult it was in my letter to write this review. <br /> <br /> I have countless complaints about the film, but I like the four main complaints. My first big complaint relates to the disbelief of the "plot twist" (if you can call it because most people probably saw it miles away) where Loise's 5-year-old son turns out to be a superhuman child. When the crying super-child throws Lex's revenge piano to save his mother, I went almost up and left the theater. The singer could have made a much better Superman movie without using cheap tricks like a seemingly fragile but latent super-strong illegal child. It has been 5 days since the movie was seen and I still want to vomit. My next big complaint relates to the fact that Superman raises the continent made of kryptonite into space. It doesn't take a comic book from Simpsons to point out what's wrong with it. I don't know how many comic books Brian Singer has read, but if Superman even touches a small amount of kryptonite, he can hardly stay on his feet. Who had the idea that he would fly from a large island made of his greatest weakness in space has never been involved in any Superman-related project. The concept is just as ridiculous as making a Dracula movie, where the title has a heartfelt contribution and manages to fly with a spacecraft made of sun garlic. Why not just Superman eat kryptonite? He can eat it and then brush his teeth and then go to the cryptonite pajamas. It is no longer absurd when he raises the kryptonite continent into space and then falls into the atmosphere without burning back at the entrance or spraying the entire central park when he hits the ground. My third big complaint is that the singer captures the movie all over the face with religious symbolism. I have to challenge his characterization to Superman, the only son like God sent to the savior of the earth. Jor-el wasn't all wise, he was just a scientist. And he didn't send his son to the earth to be a savior, he threw him into a rocket and fired it quickly into space, because his planet exploded. I buy the allegory of Christ when Brian Singer can show me part of the Bible where God sends Christ to Earth because the sky is exploding and then the radioactive pieces of heaven become the main weakness of Christ. What's more, the "crucifixion" scene, where Luthor picks up Superman with the kryptonite "spear", just makes me want to brick my face until I'm too brain-dead to notice the harshly obvious and inappropriate insignia of the steel man's trembling in the near future. They could also rename this movie "Superman Returns: Christ's Passion." <br /> <br /> And when talking about Luthor, my last big complaint relates to Singer's portrayal of Lex Lutor. Lex Luthor is a clever, cold-hearted business world that is more capable of being president (what he does in a comic book) than trying to destroy the world. Man wants money and power; he wants to be responsible, not all wrecks. But Luthor, whom we see, Superman Returns, as well as all previous Superman films, is a clever theatrical art that must be destroyed by the world. If Singer had the smallest loyalty instead of (rather terrible) characters from previous Superman movies, this film might not be such an unbearable travesty. Perhaps the singer's next project may be Batman's film, which focuses on Batman's interpretation of the 1960s TV show. ZAM! WHAP! POW !! <br /> <br /> To sum up, I don't know what I hate more, the film itself, or the fact that so many people seem to have a good overview of it. Everyone has the right to their own opinion, but if you hate this movie, your opinion is wrong. I sincerely encourage everyone who reads that you will not see this movie if you haven't done it yet. Don't look at it, don't buy it on the DVD, don't rent it ... basically don't give it any money. This film does not deserve money. In fact, I think Bryan Singer should be given $ 45 billion for every seer of such films. If you are a Superman fan and you really want to see this movie, just bend and let someone hit the ball and you get the same experience without having to waste your time for 2 hours.
