Most of Stephen King's short stories are small gems with original ideas that don't take long; basically skinny and average - he quickly puts them out on a small number of pages, you read, and you've finished before you know you've started. They are similar to McDonald's fries cardboard - they taste really good and you know that they don't have much nutritional value (re: they don't talk much about the general human situation from a literary point of view), but you still start to tolerate, just no pig and go extra-super- size, and fill too much fat ("too much fat" is a metaphor for the prose of the king's novels, if you find yourself reading one of them and say that they come - enough pop-cultural observations or smart Yankee - continue the story!) four books from short stories. I've read all of them - from NightShift to the last, all that is all possible, and they all have the power to reach a point that is sometimes very deficient in their big novels. <br /> <br /> But his short story never goes beyond their welcome ... which takes us to adapting the Nightmares And Dreamscapes TVs ... <br /> <br /> How the hell (serial producers) got green light to change stories that are usually on average 15 pages in 50 minutes? I'll tell you how - two words - "Stephen King". The stories that apparently did not come with them were probably not cheap, and one hour shows more advertising than half an hour, so ... which should have doubled the anthology of 23 or 24-minute episodes, and doubled the time ... Ching! <br /> <br /> I'm not going to waste time copying these plot plots - this review requires you to read and / or see the story; below are only my gut reactions to what TNT has presented ... Up to four installments, here is my tenth rating (from the first worst): <br /> <br /> battlefield- No way classic but hey how can anyone claim that William Hurt has kept his trap open, filming this episode without any dialogue line? And the tongue-in-cheek reference and destroyer killing Zuni doll Trilogy Of Terror proved to me as manufacturers (and writer teleplay who is Richard Matheson's son - writer TOT) knew his mission in this one was to make action deadly but at the same time fun. Getting to Hurt's apartment took longer than it should have done, but I think it did fulfill that goal. Umney's last case - it was mainly because of the result of William H. Macy. I think the writer / Umney should have appeared in the story before a private eye / Umney, because he was a story of real reality, and someone who knew the king's short story (probably half if not more audiences) knew the design of Chandleresque had to break the writer's reality. so let's go in there and cut out the cute and smart cooked 'Private Dick banter'. When the writer / Umney family's tragedy began to emerge, I thought the exhibition had an emotional connection that made the viewer (at least) feel compassion for the real life of Macy's attempt to escape his worries, bringing his imaginative life into an exciting life. The end of a mess - this title is how I felt about this episode when it was over. After twenty minutes I was ready to yell at the TV - OK, we get it already, the younger brother is Mega Mensa Genius Prodigy Extraordinaire! We know that Ron Livingston is talking to the camera ("it's time for me" - not fast enough, I thought) that the young quiz will discover something very bad for a person - we know it because he's already a built-in plane, but almost died for he could not drive it out of the tree; and he blew his chemical laboratory by teaching himself chemistry (suppose that the end of the world could have been prevented if only this child had more parental supervision). So much time was wasted on creating Henry Thomas's uber-gene when we finally came to our discovery solution - the end of the world through involuntary idiotics - how much can we see the world? "- cheap report from a reporter who will forget what he has reported, and short broadcasts that announce the date of the judgment. Oh, and the brother's parents are chanting and singing the old songs. My point is if your story is really" the whole mess ), "I want to see" confusion "as it rises to the flames and runs and burns. Talk immediately to finish with the whimper. 2/10 <br /> <br /> Crouch End - this episode just made me completely out. live with your fortunate happy couple's exposure, playing strokes and roaring, having lunch and getting a taxi (it was half that episode) when they finally crossed over. The episode of the Crouch ended with a rage, but it failed. but practically ridiculous. Oh, look - kitty ... wait, it turns ... oh my god! Look at this scary eye! Uh ah. They could have gone a long way to filming the Crouch End sequence at night l, not in daylight. Things that can be unintentionally funny can become more nervous when you see them in the shadow of the night. But I think the budget was not high enough to shoot at night in counterfeit London where they hit each other for it. This is a very frightening story on the page that tourists are moving to places they shouldn't be, and terrible things that may be around the corner. The only fear of this adjustment was leadership and action - they were really terrible. 1/10 <br /> <br /> General Series Average (so far): 4/10
