The THA remake was the ultimate movie journey in any way. Most of the remake of the remake is a complete garbage, but under Alexandre Aja's very talented directions, he became one of the best transformations and also the mutant inbreeders of fear for the human subgroup. The other person at the stages led by Martin Weisz, written by Jonathan and his father and son, "I can't make a good fear movie to save my life" Craven and if it's any reference to Weisz's leadership skills and young Craven we have all the writing skills we all have for a painful future, because the THHE 2 is not only as good as the first, but not at some level. <br /> <br /> We start with a relatively graphical mutant birth, which is rather cool, not preparing you for future garbage, but just a hint of what might have been in this movie. Then we can see a team of scientists who all briefly introduce and post our radiated rejections. In the phases, our main army reservist will save the day, this is where the bigger problems begin. <br /> <br /> From the very sub-action (yes, even in the case of such a movie) to the terrible things that are missing from most of the time of the real homicide, THHE 2 becomes a job to watch because nothing happens because idiotic soldiers make a mistake after the error only to meet there death not by the mutants but by themselves. Think about the exact opposite of aliens for foreigners and you have an idea of ​​how well these soldiers are trained. This is the real shame of the movie, as most mountain riders can't kill what you want to see, as in the first movie, in fact, if it didn't have the THHE 2 attachments at first and a brief overview of its loosely linking to the first, it would have been almost a Sci-Fi Channel. i original. <br /> <br /> Mutant Mountainbillies is not really as fun this time as they are much worse for our previous batch because they all come out rather than just planned and uninteresting. The one who took the cake was also a Sloth-like Mutant (you know from Sloth Goonies) who helps them in the third piece. I was waiting for her to ask Baby Ruth or start Rocky Road Ice Cream. The only way to describe most of the events here is really disappointing and disgraceful. <br /> <br /> Gore is on the film, but not nearly as visceral as the original, which seemed to be mostly tinted. there is nothing else in the first eye that did not appear at the scene of mutant birth. Another big blow to this movie. So what worked here is nothing to answer. It seemed like an aftermath specifically designed to make money from first-time success and not actually make a "good" movie. <br /> <br /> I can go on fucking Drill SGT. is a speech problem (that's right, he's the kind of guy I want to help with in a real crisis) or a pacifist fighter who just reminds me of a form of the same character as our "hero" in the first movie, but I believe you get a point . This film is not even in the same league or even on the same planet as the first one. It should have given another title and be added to the Sci-Fi channel on Saturday night. True shame as a solid sequel might have been done, but unfortunately it seems to be another horror film that strikes the ball at almost every level and gets one of my lowest scores when I give THHE 2 the same result as his part: 2/10 Dreadful A: Words can't describe how bad this film is with its predecessor's comprehensive polar interaction, uninspired and down-right unnecessary. Next time guys, if you are going to make a sequel to this bad ... don't even bother. Please do not support this in garbage theaters, save your money and thank me later !!
