This ridiculous and incredible movie is definitely Hamlet's most erroneous version to ever come to the screen. Branagh's approach to material can only be described as vulgar; goes to lengths that depict Ophelia straight jacket with the Fortinbras army unexpectedly in sight (very similar to the "Monty Python and Holy Grail" climax) when the palace is probably only guarded by Francisco (who cries a very dreamer-Shakespeare cry "ataaaaaaaaaaaaaaaack" before he fell off) and many of the constellations coming back to Jimmy Cagney's North and Mary Pickford's Kate Days. <br /> <br /> Branagh decided to set his film during Edward, but at the same time decided to use almost uncut text, so often in Elizabethan's mentality, a firmly entrenched dialogue doesn't make sense in this context. And Branagh does not touch on textual nuances such as the vague nature of the relationship between Hamlet and Olphelia, treating the audience between a pair of vulgar naked sex scenes that strikes any ambiguity directly out of the stained glass window. <br /> <br /> Uncut text allows Branagh to enjoy his favorite cinematic pastime: more Kenneth Branagh's footage. It's never as obvious as "How do all events announce against me" that ends in the first half of the nineteen-hour movie (at least as it seems) that is trying to play dramatic crescend along Gone With Wind is "I'm never hungry . It may serve Branaghi's ego, but it does not serve Shakespeare or speech: when I saw a movie in the theater, I leaned over to my companion and jumped "Great moments with Mr. Hamlet." Lastly, Branagh saves the most fun and tasteful moment when he tries to carry out Olivier's film and its correctly marked death with Claudius when Hamlet jumps high from the tower to the monarch, accusing him of a sword. Branagh's Dane makes a king when he heroically casts a magical rapier over the palace to drive through Claudius's heart with the eyes of super hero bulls. The only thing that saved for a moment that it was intolerably crazy was that it was a funny wall. <br /> <br /> Although this movie has been a tragedy in some quarters as a serious image, it is actually nothing but a talented filmmaker who has gone through his narcissism. The emperor has no clothes, and this hamlet has nothing to offer, but some unwanted laughs and the terrible vision of one man's ego are out of control.
