Okay, let's not be confused here. If this is another remake of the original horror classic, does it also mean that it is a remake of the original horror classic? Here is the hope that this is not a general rule, like Wes Craven's own sequel to the original "The Hills have Eyes"? released somewhere in the mid 80s? is just one of the worst and absolute redundant films. In the second part, there was no real plot and the materials of the original were only reused in order to make better use of the success of a really sparse and harsher assumption. Craven also wanted us to believe that even dogs were suffering from setbacks and painful memories, because the loyal German Shepherd of the Carter family experienced their bloody fight with a mountain mountain. There were quite worrying signs suggesting that this sequel would also be a terrible failure. Transformation hardly happened a year ago and here's a sequel? The unbelievable speed of this release rightly casts doubt on the quality of the script. Do they not need a little more time if they want to bring out a movie that should be scary, intimidating and disturbing? With an excellent film, Alexandre Almost unanimously changed the general view of the transformation of horrors, as he had the courage and intelligence that changed the essential elements of the plot and added more nausea gore than anyone would ever have expected. He is also a pretty talented young director and he noticed his French "High Tension" classic, but who is this new director? Aja's "The Hills Have Eyes" was an unexpected hit that was appreciated by both experienced and older generations of horror blowers, as well as younger and over-enthusiastic audiences. This is a really good movie, and while the avalanche of new lakes and clones is inevitable, it is very unlikely that one of them will be equal to the surprising shock of time. With all this in mind, plus a rather high dose of personal skepticism, I have to admit that this rushed sequel is not as terrible as expected. The scenario is a routine and cliché war that introduces a rather large number of characters that have little or no backbone and no taste, depicting how they are traditionally killed by frightening views. After the events of the first film, the US military has created a new Mexican desert to explore the impact of the nuclear tests taking place there in the 1950s and 1960s. For the terribly mutated survivors of the miners' community who stayed there during the radioactive testing, scientists and scientists make up a delicious starter until the main line of incompetent soldiers arrives by truck. They should simply eat and equip, but face their final military training when confronted with relentless humanoids living in the rest of the mines. <br /> <br /> This is basically another side effect. Fools who have foolish characters who, even after losing their friends, are still stupid to separate from the group and kill as just targets. It is also very easy to point out which of these adventures will begin in life, especially if one of the soldiers is against any kind of violence and the other is constantly watching the video of his cute 3-year-old son. "The Hills Have Eyes II" Absolutely Missing? as expected? originality, logic and credible situation. Mutated miners are not nearly as dangerous in their first part as their counterparts, mainly because they are not organized this time and they only behave like burning and sex-hungry monotypes. Because you don't care about the amateur G.I. Joe's "heroes" and certainly do not feel any compassion for the eyes of the mountains, this film is much less powerful and inclusive than the original of the previous year. The most special thing is that the second movie is not nearly as violent and gory as the first! Usually, the after-effects and the absence of surprising twists are compensated by additional bloodshed and more graphic killing sequences, but the action of this stage is indeed the same as that of its predecessor. There are a handful of scenes that satisfy the bloody horror fanatic? mainly show soldiers who fall under rocks or shot their weapons? but unfortunately there are no unheard of nerve camps or virulent dog attacks. What a shame! What is the point of the sequel if it does not even exceed the gravity of the original and / or free. Fortunately, the film is never boring or unnecessarily sentimental and you have the most fun of all things that make no sense! For example, wallets that remain out of the blood of a human being, women who do not have muscle strength, are harsh assistants and ?? my personal favorite? Assigning one soldier to operate a speech-impaired radio.
