Last year's remake of The Hills Have Eyes was one of the best attempts to renew the vaguely exploited horror of the 1970s to a new audience. Alexandre Aja promised admirable character development and when the violence began, it was average and wild, and everything was done in an impeccable photography and production design. I was one of the few people who actually thought it was better than the original and was looking forward to another visit to a particularly dark and cruel world of wild desert mutants. <br /> <br /> 'Mountains have eyes 2' that only appeared one year after the original, a quick and badly thought-out event to enter the franchise. The scenario of Jonathan Craven could have been written over the weekend and, given the speed with which this movie came to the cinema, it was probably. It goes back to the clichés of the genre attacked by each book, offering something new to mutant mythology. I was always disappointed when the sequel replaced civilian military signs. Soldiers are always so lazy to write and never drill caricatures of bears, which are a shining macho bull. In my opinion, "foreigners" was the only film that successfully made such a transition because of the talent of James Cameron, not just to manage the best sequences of action, but never to forget that the audience must take care of the people who have been killed. He was also assisted by truly talented participants. "The Hills on Eyes 2", it is clear that video director Martin Weisz is not James Cameron, and the participants of television bits do not have the talent or even the tendency to make their carton cut out characters vivid, breathing. Needless to say, every sign is a broad and general cliché. They act in a stupid and illogical way, making foolish and illogical decisions that lead them unexpectedly to foolish and illogical deaths. The last part of the movie just turns into a scenario for another annoying, dark-dark corridor. The "Descent" (to which Sam McCurdy also accidentally worked as cinematography) proved that even the most derivative can still be made with genuine originality, but we do not see such innovation here. <br /> <br /> "The Hills Have Eyes 2" is just a very lazy movie with no tension, tension or surprise, no individual is far from being interested in producing something of high quality. It's a tedious and tired excuse for a sequel and deserves to spend the rest of his life at a blockbuster discount.
