The Hills Eyes II, one of the pointless and blatantly stupid queues that has been around for some time, is the 90-minute incompetent film making its best. Or worst, but you decide to watch it. Although the 2006 Hills Remake was one of the best and truly scary films of the year, this sequel takes all the sparks of what made this achievement. Part 2 never gets out of the ground and doesn't think about dialogue. Worst of all, it's not that terrible. <br /> <br /> The 2006 remake followed a family that took place in the middle of the New Mexico Desert, abandoned, and one by one the people of the dirty and sadistic mountains were chosen. People who have changed over the years as a result of military bomb testing in their country are the ones they are. Survival for travelers traveling in the area. Sequence puts the audiences in the same desert that the army is now occupying, because they are hiding in the mountains and what could have happened to this poor family. When a group of military trainees is taken to a campsite, they find that they are alive. They will soon become a gloomy reality because they realize they are not alone. And the bloody fate that was given to many of them before their arrival will soon become their destiny. <br /> <br /> It doesn't understand the genius that "mountains" have no legitimate reason. But since the previous year's re-evaluation was good for both the ticket office and the critics, it was not surprising that the sequel should be rushed to production, while the money is still earned. At this time there is no rhyme or reason, but an incredible and ridiculous structure that paves the way for thoughtless characters, unigiginal killings, non-existent stories and sliding interest. Originally directed by Alexander Aja Craven as a cult classic, it was a unique and thoroughly disturbing experience. One that exceeded the line more than once. Its fair display of violence, sadistic torture, well-rounded testimonials, and white whirling spells were used effectively to shock and suppress the audience. The second time around it is hand-me-downs. There is no style, not necessarily. It is trying to create tension by the splitting bodies, if all this really does, a film has been made where even the gate seems to be fresher than the last blood streams. <br /> <br /> This is a sad situation where deformed mutants that pull women for breeding are unable to leave your attention. It's clean, nothing more. "Mountains" don't bite. Regardless of the pop-up or two here and there, there is nothing very frightening about this side-by-side scare. There seems to be something you would see on the Sci-Fi channel with just a few F-bombs, a blood splatter, and here, with rape and a graphic scene that is coarser than shocking. It's cheap. And with the 'mountains' you cut what you sew. Without effort, you can't wait. <br /> <br /> Replacing time with director Martin Weis was the first big mistake in the movie, everything he does lets you shoot with any emotional resonance. But the more shocking bad script written by Wes Craven and his son Jonathan Craven is even more shocking. You ask how bad it could be? This is a dialogue that compares Shakespeare. Craven has previously had a fair share of clunkers, but I didn't expect anything like that. It's so inadvertently funny, do you have to think about Craven playing fun? Or did he put that one on the son after the studio paid him? Movie characters are one-dimensional, emotional or whole-minded speech heads. Operation is just as bad. The only character who wins you is "Napoleon" Naples, a rotten boy who doesn't suit others. Even the uneven and instinct-led villains we could find in the deepest thoughts a year ago are indifferent. You don't hate them, you don't like them. You honestly don't care less. Just like this movie. <br /> <br /> Even if you were scared at the time of "The Hills Have Eyes", as I was, you have a hard time finding something like that. It's both generic and generic, and there's nothing we haven't seen many times. I can't express it enough, avoiding like "mountains are eyes II" like a plague. It's frightening, unoriginal, frantic and a hole. Leave the remake or the original vision of Craven. Because if you don't move after the first 30 minutes, don't tell me I didn't warn you.
