I saw this movie when it was released and looked at it 3 or 4 times, including last week. I am sorry that I must have a disagreement on the results of Branagh. <br /> <br /> This is a really brilliant, proud movie that says nothing about ambitious over four hours - beautifully shot and designed. Derek Jacobi, Julie Christie, Kate Winslet, Richard Briers and many others are doing a good job. Then there is Kenneth Branagh. If ever there was a vanity project for an actor, this is the case, and Mr Branagh does not give anything to hamlet in Hamlet. Stunt casting (which gives us the worst failed Jack Lemmon result), the bits of those distracting companies who are being thrown into their natural sense of performance that plays the same way. most famous soliloquy throughout the literature scream every single line of others. His performance confirms that although he may be in a better position where greater is needed, he has never been a great filmmaker. Landscape budgets may be required for catering, Mr Branagh eats so much. His performance is a great example of why people do not go to Shakespeare - "full of sound and rage that doesn't mean anything." And if his direction is to blame, he keeps the camera too glued over the oversized operation. <br /> <br /> No matter what theories can tell Bard, he finally said and done, playwright. The shine of his games is that his themes are universal and timeless. Although there is no "right" way to play your games, there is definitely a lot of action, a good actor and a bad act. Shakespeare himself gives the players instructions in Hamlet's own text. It amazes me how Mr. Branagh put it "in the mouth" but did not hear it. This was an example of how to spend too much time working out how he says something, and too little understanding of what he says. <br /> <br /> Although Mr Branagh has certainly done an excellent job of installing some entertaining productions, it would be wise to stay behind the camera and allow those who know he's doing it to practice it. His direction has always been better than his behavior. I still give him enormous credit for filming Shakespeare. He set an excellent template for other products. And it would be interesting to see him on stage, about 20 rows back. But I hope he decides to focus more and act less. <br /> <br /> Is it worth seeing? Certainly. There's a lot of joy in the movie. But it is a long, long film and eventually it may seem less that they enjoyed being alive.
