I think all the internal jokes are what made Munchies a cult classic. I thought it was terrible, although the ridiculous story and character of the characters was probably a much better (and funny) movie. Maybe all they needed was a real budget. <br /> <br /> Munchies, as many viewers have already mentioned, are something of a Gremlins parody. So all the references to the film. The film begins somewhere in Peru during an archaeological excavation. The disturbing dufus named Paul, who wants to build a comedian who does not offer some sarcasm or funny jokes during his career plans, is in the cave with his father. His father is an unusual archaeologist looking for caves not about artifacts or mummies or anything but proof of U.F. And this is where munchies come to the picture. A hidden little mutant hidden at the rock, which looks like a Gyrian doll with a voice from Gyris. They call her Arnold, put her in bags and bring her home so that Paul's father can finally prove life on earth. <br /> <br /> Paul, the idiot who he is, interrupts his promise to his father to see Arnold (a contribution he made to his father when he loses, to a community college to become a "real" career). The scary neighbor's bad carpet, Cecil (TV veteran Harvey Korman) admires his neighbors. So, he and his lazy son, some hippie type of airhead (who looks like they should have made their character a biker or heavy metal enthusiast) go to Arnold. Why? Of course, a rich quick chart. And, of course, even Cecil's son is too stupid to take care of Arnold. And after a couple of poker and prizes, Arnold multiplies more munches. <br /> <br /> It wasn't even such a bad movie that it was good. It was just terrible. I was hoping that munchies would be mutated and killed by the moories that were always after them, even Paul and his girlfriend. At least this would be one way to get rid of all the movies that really hug the movie. Not to mention the bad special effects that look like handmade dolls. And really bad writing everywhere - it wasn't even funny - not even a young young policeman who really gives you an eye-catching jerk. As I said, Munchies, if given a real budget and better actors, could have pulled out a good parody. Hand over.
