. . . And this is a bad thing, because at least if it had been a Troma movie, it would have had unwanted violence and a greater anarchic abandonment that could have increased my assessment a bit. <br /> <br /> What we have, instead, is a very tame (rated PG), barely lukewarm, low budget (Roger Corman gave this unknown director, who was later left unknown) Gremlins (1984) / Critters (1986) - skin almost almost flat with humor, little logic that made Gremlins work so good - fantasy logic or not, no skipping, no adventure or no violence or nudity to do that. <br /> <br /> Although I am sure some of the film-related problems are inherent in the script - let's be honest, nobody can offer these jokes so they're funny - it seems that the biggest guilt must fall on director Bettina Hirsch's lap. Munchies would have been entertaining in their more powerful hands. Simon Waterman (Harvey Korman) and his son Paul (Charles Stratton) are in archaeological excavation in Peru. Simon is a somewhat weak archaeologist who always swims on theories about the relationship between old places and alien civilizations. For example, he thinks he sees evidence of laser cutting of old rocks. So they are Machu Picchus, looking for more evidence of Simon's theories when they happen to be in a secret chamber. They quickly find an animal they later call "Arnold", one of the wings. <br /> <br /> They take Arnold back to their small California desert town. Simon, who thinks that Arnold is probably an alien creature, must go to a colleague's lecture and plan to tell his colleague that he will eventually have a stranger. Paul and his very cute friend Cindy (Nadine Van der Velde) are responsible for Arnold, but as they have not seen each other for a long time, they leave Arnold unattended when they hope in their sacks. At the same time, Simon's brother Cecil (also playing Korman's double role), the owner of a successful snack company, Simon's home and the land - are next to him. Simon doesn't want to sell, so Cecil hits Arnold's stealing scheme. Things are gradually falling out of control and munchies who run out of the middle to go with their wishes for junk food start over the city. <br /> <br /> It reads better when it plays the screen. The best shots of the movie are those with natural landscapes in the background, for example, when the signs travel around the city in the desert. Interiors, with the exception of Cecil's home, tend to look poorly decorated, in cheap sets, and more importantly, they tend to show that Hirsch is not very skilled in blocking and adjusting frames. Strangely speaking, given the general lack of production, Cecil's home is a pretty pearl, because it is in the 1980s style overlaid to the smallest detail, and Cecil's stepfather Dude (Jon Stafford) was an amusing counterpoint. Too bad he has come out of the movie so quickly. <br /> <br /> Korman is in any case a fun actor, but he is much better than Simon than Cecil. Unfortunately, Simon stops most of the film. Cecil, who is differentiated by physically ridiculous wig and facial hair, is not only the "evil capitalist", but one of Korman's classic careless, outrageous characters - one of his specialties, often called "Carolis" Burnett Show (1967) skits. Unlike the "The Carol Burnett Show", which was successful because the directors Clark Jones and Dave Powers were exploring the way to push the chaos just to the edge of the chaos, Hirsch reins Korman too far and Cecil's sign just isn't Work as it should be . <br /> <br /> There are many other director-related issues, at least dirty animation and editing that can fully accommodate all possible temporary or convincing dramatic effects of the movie. munches harass the old lady on the road, get too uncomfortable to influence a lot. <br /> <br /> Where's the Munchie in Machu Picchu's Chamber? The movie trailer seems to have an answer, but it was changed from the final section. The more serious problem is that, unlike the gremlin, there is no clear reason why munchies are going to be cute, soft furbalis threatening monsters. It just happens. In addition, since Munchy was kept in PG and the violence remains below when the creatures are in their monster phase, they are never very dangerous. They are also easily posted, at least temporarily. <br /> <br /> It is true that the essence of the film is not temporary, spooky, persuasive drama or any other thing, but humor. It is meant more than Gremlins looting and countless hits. The only problem is that the movie isn't just funny, though I laughed a few times. Surprisingly high percentage of jokes are blissful clichés. Too much of the rest of the material consists of non-sequences. Because of Hirsch's bad timing, it's all going down. The ability to make a movie that was during spam was so funny and frightening, fun and distracting, cheesy and suspenseful, all at the same time from Killer Klown Outer Space (1988). Too bad for Munchies not to go far.
