Munchies start from the deepest darkest of Peros (it seems to me more of a dirt road) where the expedition is made by archaeologist Simon Watterman (Harvey Korman) and his son Paul (Charles Stratton). Simon thinks that the ancient Aztec buildings were actually spacecraft control centers, and he is on a mission to get evidence that alien life forms have visited Earth, while in such a structure he discovers a strange little creature he puts in his backpack and takes home back to him The American city of Sweetwater, California. Simon feels that the creature is the proof that he has sought and for some inexplicable reason he decides to leave the thing at home when he shares his discovery. Simon asks Paul and his wife Cindy (Nadine Van der Velde) to take care of it. At the same time, Cecil Watterman (Harvey Korman again), a brother and fast-food businessman, steals the creature so his brother does not make money, but his idiotic step-son Dude (Jon Stafford) is fighting with the knife, but the individual parts grow back into separate small creatures that cause a lot of devastation among city dwellers ... <br /> <br /> Under Bettina Hirsch, this must be one of the worst horror comedies, if not the worst. The Lance Smith script is so weird that it is painful. Every joke in Munchieses goes to the target beside the target, I doubt that the humor in this jama would even be pleasing to pre-teens. In Munchi, I don't even have a lot of fun at all, or even fun. The main story is nonsense, they just find that the creature runs around without explaining what it is, why no one has seen it before, how it learns English so fast and how it learns, and so on. The whole thing is the big Gremlins (1984), which doesn't have any elements that made this movie so good. The character is a moral, silly deputy (Charlie Phillips) and his father (Hardy Rawls), Cecil bears an embarrassing wig and fake mustache and his headed wife Melvis (Alix Elias) and more. They are just disgraceful and are ridiculous, I defy anyone to find this nervous garbage funny. Basically, Munchies can't be remarkably either comedy or horror and ends, yeah, you guessed it, crap. <br /> <br /> Director Hirsch obviously worked with a small budget here and it shows the whole thing is going on in two houses, the desert, some caves and a mini golf course. It's really cheap and incompetent film making. The special effects of the Munches themselves are really terrible, just those dolls that have no movement if no one turns the camera on the attached string. I can't emphasize how bad these consequences are, these things won't convince my 4-year-old sibling (as I & her proved yesterday!). All incompetence, this movie sucks. <br /> <br /> Technically, the movie is terrible, bad special effects, flat production design, garbage sets, and well, all is nonsense. The actor is rotting through and out, from policeman to Korman, who has two roles, both of which show that he can't act and is not funny. <br /> <br /> Munchies is really a bad movie that can't do everything it strives to achieve, sure if you want to stop you, but just don't say you're not warned! My suggestion would be to look at Gremlins again, but the decision is yours!
