Most agree that the character of Wolverine is one of the most intriguing characters in the history of the comic book. I'm not an expert at Marvel, but I grew up with the adventures of X-Men and definitely confirmed Hugh Jackman's now well-known imagination of Logan. I liked the first X-Men, I found the sequel too heavy and dirty and liked the third comic book. Through all three movies I probably enjoyed more Jackman than anything else. I thought the idea of ​​making a "Origin" game from Wolverine could be a very good movie than all three X-Meni films. When we focus on one character, I thought that there could be a movie that achieved what I found in another movie failed - being a rather complicated and characteristic comic book adventure. <br /> <br /> The reason why Wolverine movie failure is not because competition is harder after The Dark Knight. This is not even due to the development of the plot, which is not obvious and rudimentary - although it is certainly not good - no, it is because the film does not even seem to try. First of all, it does not qualify as good entertainment. There is something in this movie that is so very, very automatic. In the absence of major special effects or intermediate components and if one event makes you the next five predictions, it seems almost like Uwe Boll's film that imitates the action / adventure movie concept you've seen ten times before. Of course, nothing in this movie is as terrible as Bolls ** t, but if everyone talks about clichés as if they were part of such a normal chain of events, you make at least a connection and that is definitely bad quite. <br /> <br /> But there's a bigger problem. Even a general action film is a general feature film and by the way, you forgive a lot of plot holes and character stupid. I think you'll find the most important mistake in the title. I mean, "Origins." Really? What does this title mean for the people behind this movie? What do they think ?? Want to know about Wolverine? He grew up with his brother. They ran away from home in dramatic conditions. Then they went to war. All of them! Civil War, World War I and II and Vietnam. Why did they do that? Still unknown. Finally, the brother (Sabertooth, Liev Shrieber played) was bad. "How?" you ask. I don't know, it was somewhere between Omaha Beach and Hanoi. "Yes, but why?" you still ask. I just said I don't know! The film does not explain. He's the right one! "Yeah, but ... you know," origin "... Yeah, it's origin! I mean, duh! Anyway, they'll end up with a super secret team with mutant elite soldiers. Something with the government, ho-hum. Wolvie will be enough and will leave his brother.For six years he will be a happy forest man with a love person who will arrive a little defenseless when Sabretooth suddenly reappears. "Yeaaah ... but ... whyyyy?" - Oh shut! to be a guinneapig for a lot of evil scientists who make him a metal-coated metal animal, he goes after all the bad guys and they come after him and after he fights, he finishes his memory by wiping the first movie of X-Meni. It is also from the back of the DVD cover. The real movie doesn't tell you anything. Without useful activities with scenes, good heroes, bad guys or characters in general (lines from my sofa visitor: fat suit! Token black boy! Oh, I'll give you 200 money when this girl lives on this movie. to be Gambit ...? mmhm, yeah well ... uh-huh, better), not one memorable dialogue line and baselines to cover the T-shirt, adding to it the usual foolish things that break the credibility of the general that can usually forgive ...... that it sounds pretty much a waste of time, right? Fans are reviewing it or have already done so. It won't stop. But if you liked the X-Meni movies for a reason other than that they were well done and fun, then look at them again and make yourself any advantage in trying to find a source where they are not.
