Gentle milking of the cash cows franchise. A general superhero flick. CGI presentation. Gavin Hoodi "A series of probable events". The combinatorial iteration of mutant fighting scenes, assembled with an inanic exposition that justifies the formation / decomposition of arbitrary alliances. I'm not expecting Shakespeare here, but the cliché per minute was out of schedule: Primal shouting from the sky and a girlfriend killed in knees. Renegade military commander. Estimated double crosses. Revenge was looking for a killed lover. Deleted memories. The nature of evil discovered morality at the last moment. Wrong error that causes nobles after their displacement in battle. The lover is not really dead. The lover actually acts as the hero of the hero's arch-nemesis. The girlfriend / spy actually falls in front of the main character. A good person works as an antagonist to save robbed family members. The Evil Mastermind does not respect the promises of reluctant employees. Kindly the old couple takes care of the tired hero and kills for their worries. Certain deaths avoided from third parties arrive before the coup. Hero reluctantly joins the secret government. Abandonment of an Elite group against the killing of innocents. Scientists can't control the indestructible killing machine of their creation. An obsolete but lovable government "secret weapon" kills a better but heartless descendant. The hero walks away from the wreck and accidentally illuminates the gasoline trail. When everything is abandoned, the heart control pulls the pulse out. The Evil Mastermind explains the plans to a hero that he no longer sees as a threat. The hero refuses to kill the destroyed enemy because he is "better". Transparent comic relief characterizes a fun undervaluation and comment. Cheerful murderous rampage is a hearty psychopath. In short, the indestructible Goliath throws each other through walls and other physical traumas that would kill only mortal. Man sends dozens of weapons that hold enemies but not just a skillful sword game. Common sense and laws of physics, biology and chemistry have been temporarily abandoned. An Antagonist, who used the murder of a loved one for the right miscarriage. <br /> <br /> I can go on, but it's just tiring. If you are over twelve and don't live in the mother's basement, there is probably nothing here. To a small extent, this is not too far for superhero films, so the discount is all I have written if you can't get enough of this genre.
