Yet another film is less than a group of intelligent people on a journey that drives off its original carriageway, either for a short section or, in this case, for a visit. The results, as expected, are not good at all, since this particular side show is home to a bunch of bred people who fled prisoners for years ago. A father who is probably a professional photographer must simply stop and take pictures to find that it is still inhabited. Different family members are dropping off to see the various attractions to frighten them. Thinking that they have exploded safely on their roads, the van wheel explodes (surprise!), Leaving them looking for shelter and lodging in a small town that we discover that only freaks (surprise!) Are located. <br /> <br /> This movie plays as expected when the family is kidnapped and killed. Some are fighting for families, but they are probably the worst scenes in the movie because they are badly executed. There is nothing far from the original original remotely, unless you read a totally inappropriate soundtrack that is played during certain scenes, which completely destroys the atmosphere and mood of the movie. The action is about as bad as I've seen for quite some time by all parties (it's pretty bad if your cast work is "Camp Blood" cast.) The special features are bad and the end ended with me punch on my television. <br /> <br /> However, despite all the negative, I enjoyed this movie somewhat, but it is definitely so bad that it is good. even pleasantly entertained when I went to a ridiculously cliched plot, terrible acts and special effects of cheesy, although the end ended up being cheated and angry, especially because the film is not so big from the beginning and the end makes the whole movie pointless. In the bottom line, I can list countless movies so that when you saw them, you have seen it. The difference is that most of these films are better, even though it is not a complete waste, this film is pretty bad and far from scary. <br /> <br /> My class: D
