It's official, people - Hou Hsiao-Hsien doesn't have enough of his head. Don't you know why he chose Shu Qi for his museum? <br /> <br /> Shu (or is that Qi?) Not obvious in this. Instead, we come to Yo Hitoto, probably the Japanese pop star, judging by his end, he is a pop star like a girl who serves you on Rockin 'Curry's "actriss" - and wasted Tadanobu Asano, usually a quality indicator who doesn't have to do anything here Stand around and see like mumbling Asian hipster and being too old to even manage it. <br /> <br /> Hou Philosophy? Life is limbo, big something, feel it and move on. I would like to do this, but Hou does not give us something that we would know at Cafe Lumiere beyond the life of a photo essay at Circas 2003 in Tokyo and a flabbergist observation that people are ships that pass through the night, no, trains passing through the day will never do By combining, each hurtling into your destination, usually a few dark tunnel variants or perhaps a bridge if they are happy. Yikes. Shanghai flowers are the rarest, technically accomplished and enchanting film of all time. How can a director who has created about the opening film of the same film, with about twelve participants speaking about the speed of the machine gun for about ten minutes, become an impossible directing film - trap that laconic sub-Jarmusch reality porn into two movies in a row? The Millennium Mambo may be dead, but at least two large frames have shots that suggest Hou's true calling as the Odilon Redon film form. These shots are sex music with arrhythmically flashing lights and Shu Qi floating under the blue corridor. His M.O. At the time of making Café Lumiere, he seems to have lost two big pictures of the Millennium Mambo to make it more consistent. You are a judge if it sounds appealing. <br /> <br /> You don't have to specify - you can't limit the idea beyond Shanghai flowers. He must expand, bloom outward, liberate the inner expressionist and genre revitalizer, which is so pointless to the minimalism of the cliché. It's time for him to make Akira or something he lives. Such an art film, where actors should be authentic, because they are seen with a long timing and speak in the same vein, now every last bit as safe, ghetto and stagnation as a blockade of Hollywood action. (What is the relationship between "reality" and people who can't speak? I feel that people in "real life" never end up with jabbering.) And again, given that 2005 alone brought high-budget movies to rich and rich ideas like Aeon Flux , Iceland and King Kong are now safe to say that even Michael Bay has crossed Hou and it is really sad. <br /> <br /> The good news is that while Hou is in his 50s I feel he hasn't even started. There are a few moments in this film that show that the promise is still there, for example, in a bookstore, when the room is red until the bloody sunset, while Hitoto talks about the goblin of toddlers. But whatever fears him back, it is still convenient to make the same movie over and over again and be commendable and pretentious as a cinema saver, Hou, your time as expensive in Rotterdam, Venice, Toronto, Berlin. and any other film festivals are almost up and people are trying to double their roses. Two words for you: Atom Egoyan. Two more words or three: Tsai Ming-Liang. You are now both annoyed by the fraud, who are going to forever rise their blind tunnels. Risk to your shirt-epic shirt, sell, cancel - but leave social criticism to people who have no eye or heart. Let your picturesque talent fully express yourself. You're never going to come out otherwise.
