I am a relative latecom filmmaker, Yasujiro Ozu, whose masterfully undervalued views on Japanese life, especially in World War II, enlighten universal truths. Having now seen several of his landmarks, such as the late spring of 1949 and the story of Tokyo in 1953, I am convinced that Ozu had a particularly idiosynthetic gift to convey the feelings of intergenerational conflict through elliptical narratives and fine images. Taiwanese director Hou Hsiao-hsien wishes to pay tribute to Oz during his 100th anniversary with this animated film. Together with the scriptwriter T'ien-wen Chu, Hsiao-hsien seems to get the visuals correctly, but does not take the necessary emotional weight that would have allowed the ice movement to be allowed. <br /> <br /> The story is about Yôko's young Japanese writer, who is studying the life of Jiang Wen-Ye, a Taiwanese composer from Taiwan in the mid-20th century after Taiwan's return, where she taught Japanese. After 25 full-length drawings, she shows her father and child that she is pregnant with one of her students in Taiwan. At the same time, Yôko's friend Hajime, who runs a used bookstore, is obsessed with trains and is likely to fall in love with him. Hsiao-hsien combines this thin plot with a line of lines that are kept when the composition of the frame change is extremely long. There are also long silences, as well as the abundance of train-related scenes. Though these techniques are in line with Ozu's style, Hsiao-hsien does not seem to have Ozu made the maximum flow and minimal theater. his parents' reaction is too passive to have great interest. In fact, the whole film has an exhaustive atmosphere that makes the film unfamiliar. <br /> <br /> Performances are unobtrusive, though hardly memorable. J-pop music star Yo Hitoto brings Yôko's natural simplicity, while Tadanobu Asano is something that is Hajime. The rest of the characters barely register, even as parents of Nenji Kobayashi and Kimiko Yo Yôko. The filmmaker Lee Ping-Bing offers expert work, although he violates the main rule of Ozu films, leaving the camera stable during shooting. Hitoto talks about the use of singing pop music, which has ended with credit, "Hito-Shian". The DVD contains a one-hour documentary "Métro Lumière" in French, which actually gives the context of the approach to the film Hsiao. It contains extracts from Ozu films, especially "Equinox Flower", to show parallels with this film, although surprisingly there is no mention of "Tokyo Story" or "Early Summer", which is the obvious basis for some scenes and situations for ups. Interview clips from Hito, Asano, and Hsiao, as well as from the movie trailer, have also been edited.
