CREEPSHOW 2 is a consistent sequel to George Romero's (overestimated) original CREEPSHOW. The Romero film-based succession, which has not been led by Romero himself, has become some of the big shoes that are mostly due to Romero fans who think he is God. I don't care about the first movie and the funny thing, I didn't care about the sequel. There were so many options in the movie series, but it was short-lived because both movies were less than stars. <br /> <br /> The biggest problem with CREEPSHOW 2 was that he only had three stories (except for the intermediate story), and since the first story was absorbed incredibly, it was just about half the film to be * really * good. I saw CS 2 movies and the first segment was a real storm. Any dramatic with George "I can't act" Kennedy is automatically doomed and the story of the Indian Statue was too hockey and just didn't belong to this sequel. So after a really subtle and boring start, there were two new stories left to break the interrupted start of the fiasco and the other two stories were not big enough to forget the first story. RAFT and HITCHHIKER are moderately successful, moderately, because while the other two segments are moments, they still fall. The last two tracks are basically too long. It is not that I wanted the stories to take place at a dizzying pace and end quickly, but both of the good ideas found in these stories were lifted by the fact that they were slow and padded and eventually fell flat when the segments had to be tense. more irregular and striking. Also, if the last two tracks were not downloaded to extend the movie, or if all three segments were better in editing and shorter, they would have added a much needed fourth song to the contest. Only three padded segments are made for a boring party. <br /> <br /> Working and writing in both RAFT and HITCHHIKER is terribly good. I like Lois Chiles in the last segment. This is probably his best moment on screen, aside from his role as Bond Girl Holly Goodhead in MOONRAKER and DEATH ON THE NILE. But even his role is sometimes difficult to understand because of the direction to be taken and the vague story. Should we hate him or make him feel compassionate? Should we match the annoying hitchhiker? When other people on the road found the hacker's body, what was it when he attacked Chile? Was he a ghost or a zombie? How did the body finally end up in the presence of those who found him dead to attack Chile? The whole thing is not very clear, even for a supernatural story. And the end is quite boring and uneven. <br /> <br /> What is the infamous story of the RAFT is that the actor is usually terrible and no character is compassionate or interesting. The characters would have been more interesting if the actors had played themselves. No participant is convincing in their specific roles. Paul Satterfield seems smarter than he plays buggy and the actress who plays with his girlfriend is not very convincing as a typical bitch. He seems too modest. The same can be said of two others who play a "simple" teenager. The idea of ​​slipping the killer oil is interesting and horrible, but not well executed. The story should have been the fifth sign, perhaps a homeless man or a ranger who blooms at the lake and knows the slip of the oil and could have been an alter ego of an aquatic monster. Like spooky like oil slipping, it doesn't make a convincing "character". And how the story ends, everything seems pointless. No strokes. <br /> <br /> Except for some titrating aspects that always seem to be bored, seeing CREEPSHOW 2 in the theater is mainly a waste of time and money. CS 2 has more rental material than anything you pay on the big screen.
