We've all been there, sitting with friends who watched a bad movie, laughing, how terrible it was, and how poor it was; finally the role of credit and everyone looks around and says, "How is it possible that such a film was made? Who paid the money to make this script a feature film?" Well Jigsaw is not such a movie, instead of asking how this garbage was budgeted, you don't know why the makers were shot from the cannon into the sun. Yes, Jigsaw is probably the worst film ever made or created, it comes from men who have seen campfire stories and fever. The film begins in a college class, which class I am not sure about, but it is meant for an art class. Now these idiot teacher has given these dorks a final project, five of them are given to the dummy pieces and they are told that they plan it in any way they see fit, and because there are only five pieces, other class students and Automatic A , there are only six students in this class, so one Gothic chic gets free A, good for him! After a week and five students, plus a teacher and a mountain spouse, meet at the bar to discuss their own and finish their project, they put the pieces together, head, hands, feet and inform others why they chose their own distinctive design. these creative geniuses used this week in full, the left hand saw blade is the second, the other gets sawed with the shotgun, the right leg has the frosted ceramic glued ceramic and the left-hand leaves. is the worst to get a camera eye, the area of ​​Hellraiser 3, some bottle rockets stylish mo-hawk. After they have fled their interior due to their specific qualities, the drunken teacher now says they have to burn the mannequin, now called Jigsaw. Now, until that time, it's been a fair scary movie, fair, bad example, dialogue and everything else, but it's still pretty plausible, but after the Jigsaw catch fire, things get worse ... Jigsaw comes alive .. ask? I have no idea he's just doing it because the writers can't think of a realistic way to make two kilos of molded plastic alive (come guys, a lighting polo, a traveling voodoo priest, everything could have worked.) So when Jigsaw lives, he uses his new The ability to walk very slowly and use your molded fingers to destroy. First of all, he kills a fine wire guy, the man who was going to receive it with a hot style, decides to drink beer at a distance more important than before. With her, Jigsaw went to her sexy girl face and then gave the old man a heart attack with a slight twist on her head. Jigsaw then kills nerdy guy with some head to cheat. Did I mention that Jigsaw took body parts from its victims to make a human version of itself? No! Well, it does not matter that they do not even see their spooky creations, they do not even show him to steal the torso of his poor creators (Maybe he tried to create the main distribution of In Living Color). So after these five have been killed, the teacher and the fun girl are all who are left, the teacher thinks that Jigsaw needs only to finish his masterpiece because he's still interested in this torso thing. So the coward is that the teacher binds the girl to Jigsaw, who comes only to the teacher who has her own electric finger, which is not even connected. Don't even see how a teacher is killed or what happens to a girl, let alone an explanation of why Jigsaw came to life or how she cleansed her after burning. This movie is so disgraceful that it can be seen, it's only 71 minutes, so it's a small part of your day; Life Memories, Jigsaw, Jigsaw, Jigsaw. Thank you Total Recall! The judge has decided to look at Jigsaw only if your genital separation plans seem to be over.
