This movie really deceived me. Operation is cruel. Unbelievable. And this is about the participants. The story is incredibly obvious: a group of independent participants will be directed by Passion Play and will in turn live the lives of the characters they play. Thanks to Netflix, I've been watching a lot of movies lately and this is the first thing I've been watching for a long time. I felt like I didn't have to end; we all know the end of this story. <br /> <br /> Sometimes, this "modernization" of the gospels seems to be sanctifying or enlightening. I can't talk about it because I wasn't raised in a Christian church. That said, I was raised in the US and I live in an increasingly Christian culture. I'm curious about the modernization of Jesus and religion, better or worse. I have not seen Mel Gibson's version, but I think those who liked it like it, except the most conservative. I just want this to be a better movie. <br /> <br /> Many of them comment on Arcand's direction, and especially on cinematography. I didn't like it. The film itself is quite proud and preaching. I didn't believe in the personality of the characters and I never participated in their screen life. The game's in-game is very dated and doesn't think it plays its weight in real time. But this is next to the point. What I really need in order to work would have been the stronger development of signs and lines to support philosophical and theological issues that the film would like. And musical choices are obvious and unigiginal. <br /> <br /> There were two examples of this that are easy to remember. First of all, there is a rethink of Jesus who directs money from lenders from the temple: the leading actor who has fallen into a woman playing Magdalene and who is also a model and dancer becomes furious that she has to put herself down for commercial purposes (with a producer of evil and a large audience) with men) with trousers. He trashed the place and pursued them all out. This is the level the movie wants to reach. The romance between the two is completely arbitrary and not at all emotionally realized, and the scene is played as a vendor's death high school rendering, ie not well. Please stop hitting me with this big hand "importance". The second is the relationship between the other female leadership and the priest who has asked them to play and who will eventually turn against them and put them in a corrupt church today. Why. Why is he sleeping with this man. "It brings him so much joy and so little pain." Ah, holy whore and cute old coat. It seems that Arcand has that meaning, but it is not worth it to enrich and enliven these signs. They pass the movements and I reach the pullout button. <br /> <br /> You are free to write me boring, tired or just not interested. Feel free to watch this movie and look at the passion, all your beauty, sadness and inspiration that is given to amateur and gimmick. Feel free to accept all your imagined ideas and see the splitting of any artificial integrity that has been abandoned for the monotonous generation. But don't say I didn't warn you.
