"Kings and Queen" is an expanded French drama that lasts two hours and thirty-two minutes without a noticeable point or goal. <br /> <br /> The film has two stories that don't seem to be interlinked at first, but eventually connect with each other halfway through the movie. The first centers around Nora and his struggles between different men in life, including an elderly father who finds he has only a few days to live. The second story is a young man, called Ishmael, a violinist who finds himself unfairly, through faith, through the mechanisms of an unknown third party through a spiritual institution. After some time passing through separate stories, these two narrative directions finally come together when we find out that Ishmael is a former lover of Nora and the man he has decided to accept from his earlier, tragic relationship. <br /> <br /> With a little more attention and a considerable amount of streamlining, "kings and queen" could have been a strong and engaging drama of modern relationships. Certainly, the moments are enormous and emotional, and the performances are mostly complex and touching. But as a whole, the film tends to start to the point that, frankly, it will destroy our patience and greet it early. What is even more worrying is that while we spend a mild eternity in the company of these people, we really do not know what to do when the exhibition is finally over. For example, Nora's father in her dead chamber writes against the character of her daughter for incendiary violence that just doesn't let a woman we've been studying for over two hours. Nora is not really Mother Theresa (then again, who is?), But she certainly doesn't deserve her own father thrown at her. Nora may be accused of being confused, indecisive, sometimes slightly absorbed, but it is bad that his father would like him to give him his cancer and die for him? I do not think so. <br /> <br /> Maybe this movie just works at a depth that I couldn't understand. But my suspicion is that even writer Roger Bohbot and co-author / director Arnaud Desplechin are not able to explain their purpose here. It is a well-functioning, theoretical film that takes the viewer through a long and striking journey through the sea of ​​personal crises, a journey that ultimately does not leave him smarter or enlightened than he was at first.
