"Rois et Reine" is an exploding confusion of a film that is likely to irritate as many viewers as it is pleasing. It focuses on the former lovers of Nora (Emanuelle Devos) and Ismael (Mathieu Amalric) because they are facing great crises in their current lives. Although Nora's story is played directly and is dimly lit, Ismael's play is mostly laughing, though not very funny. Nora's crisis is triggered by his father Louis (Maurice Garrel) and Ishmael's terminal illness, his sudden imprisonment at a mental hospital on the initiative of a mysterious third person. Ismael and Louis are just two men who have shaped Nora's life, and in turn have shaped her, the most remarkable others being her dead first lover Pierre and their young son Elias. Since past and present events have been played for the audience and former lovers come into contact with each other in their lives, it gradually becomes apparent that Nora's own biography may be less reliable than the first eye. > <br /> Arnaud Desplechin, a cultural figure, has created a remarkable miracle here that has been gathered in France by the great raiders. He deliberately renounces the narrative convention and develops the film with dramatic shifts in mood and tone. If this approach were based on a unified basic idea or theme that he could have worked on, it is ultimately unclear what Desplechin's film really is. Heavy-handed hints of Greek mythology and Freud's theory are clearly marked with meaning, but at least for those untrained filmmakers, they are less than enlightening and interpreting meaning. At other times, the treatment loses kitsch, but the ancestral use of "Moon River" in the theme of the film probably suggests it deliberately. <br /> <br /> ** Spoiler warning ** I suspect that film is not a very original observation that how we see ourselves can radically differ from how others see us or even how we think others see us . This idea is obviously represented in the violent death of revelation in the secret diary of Pierre and Louis, but unfortunately both events seem to be completely separate from what has otherwise been said by Pierre and Louis with Nora. . It seems to be deceptive of Desplechin as if he would draw us an idea in an armed form, rather than illustrating it more subjectively in the natural way of narrative. One or two dark-surreal-minded people mean the terrifying exposure of an alternative but largely unconscious person, but again they seem to be rather a different invasion of film-making techniques than punches from a deeper reservoir of truth. In fact, all of their deep-seated hints are curiously developed and unpaid, just as they would act as crypt of many of their creator's ideas, not as real people. Much of the detail of your life seems to be arbitrary rather than organic. For example, in Ishma, we are constantly reminded of a viola player, but more than two hours pass before we actually see or hear him, and the influence of his chosen instrument or profession on his person has never been developed. So he can also be a marine biologist or a trapeze artist. <br /> <br /> Amalric brings some manic charm to the endless, but ultimately reasonable Ishmael, but I found Devos bullying and monotone (which may still be deliberate) as a hard-to-understand Nora. Meanwhile, Jean-Paul Roussillon is Ismael's father, Elsa Wolliaston as his psychoanalyst, and Magalie Woch is a psychologically wounded but disgraceful sinologist married in the hospital. Catherine Deneuve is also in this, although her role is a little more than a self-referencing comer. <br /> <br /> Ultimately, "Rois et Reine" has a very good taste. If it can't push its buttons, it is very likely that Desplech's undisciplined and floral approach will undermine and irritate even when you look.
