This is one of those people and insects / eco-horror; theme that was popular in the late 70s. Only you can't really call it horror. There is a zero end and there are no terrible events. In other words, this movie is pretty flat. It's not that it's really bad or something; it's just very boring. The building site near the hotel opens a large ants nest. Later, we learn that probably due to the different pesticides used in the past, their bite became toxic. Some people bite and hurried to the hospital and hospital residents need aging to find out what's going on. Robert Foxworth calculates it first and then you can see him with an excavating machine that seems to be several hours. Then they flee in the house, waiting to be rescued. And man, you should see every effort to save them. I don't break too much, but at one point they even use a big helicopter. All the time I watched it, I sat there thinking: "Come on, people, you have all the shoes. Just run out of the building. It's all pretty ridiculous. <br /> <br /> Of course, the whole movie shows a lot of crawling Ants in the garden Ants garbage Ants in the kitchen Ants on the roof Ants in the bedroom Ants in the sink And the best part: the ants crawl the face of the people when the actors breathe through the straw, but when you see the ants in the larger frames, they really look like black rice, that is set on the wall of designers, no, it has nothing to do with the twisting of the plot. It was just that Brian Dennehy appeared as a head firefighter. Ehrr ... What else to say? This movie is called "HAPPENED AT LAKEWOOD MANOR", but my copy art art reads ANTS and opening credits was titled PANIC LAKEWOOD MANOR. There's it. Now that it's 70's TV movie, I've made it very easy in my final assessment. SAVAGE BEES, another "person vs. insect" TV movie from 1976 was much better than this. I even feel I have to go back and add some points to my rating after seeing ANTS. There is no intercourse, action, excitement, shock and embarrassment, the only thing left after seeing ANTS is tedious itching.
