The only thing I liked about this movie is that there was enough to keep me in the end ... I thought maybe NEXT would be a gel ... Down ... <br /> <br /> Those who like Gus Van Sant's movies - especially his later ones - probably like this. Personally, I find that van Sant's films are boring, pretentious and simple. Well, he was the executive producer of this movie, so it's no surprise that the film would be almost capable of doing it - although I personally liked it better than Van Sant's recent efforts (eg Elephant). <br /> <br Contrary to many here, I didn't think the movie was hard to understand or divorce, I thought it was a movie that wanted to portray a certain mood - the mood of adolescents moving slowly into the adult world - but so slowly that changes are hardly visible at all. But I feel that the problem with the film is that "mood" is not enough ... and not just that, but I think the countryside is wrongly chosen for the story that is supposed to be happening. Naturally closely related dream quality is beautifully captured here, but it is a mood that is much more related to a much younger child who is still completely looking at the opening of nature (beach waves), grass and flowers, spiders, etc.). The film's rhythm reminds me of summer when I was about eight or nine. There is a language in the film that contradicts what should be a very stressful time in adolescence. If you have been hit by a person - or you are subject to bullying at school - you are nothing but terrible! The movie has really only worked for me for two moments ... SPOILERS HERE - First, when Logan falls on the groceries and the mother throws a little to fit. The frustrations of the adult Klutzy boy - especially if he wasn't there - seemed real to me. <br /> <br /> The second and ONLY part of this movie that was tense with it was scenes where Leah (rediscovering Logan himself) phones Rodeo and trying to attract him to the sex of the phone. The first reason I liked it is that the person who made the "Leah" voice was the most convincing actor in the film. (It made me think of Claire's Danes of my life ... the voice even sounded like Claire.) She and Rodeo were the only scenes that seemed completely plausible to the children. And what I particularly liked was that Rodeo was just playing the game ... that was perhaps the best moment of the movie - finally! - We have some character formation. <br /> <br /> All in all, there are some wrong efforts ... we have to look at what he does in his next movie before we can really say a lot about the talent of the director. Meanwhile, when he gets van Santi's influence, he can make him a good world. Who is this director in any case - one of van Santi's boy toys?
