Just a terrible slasher, formulated from I KNOW WHAT YOU LAST SUMMER, is a beautiful wealthy college student spending a spring break at a Florida apartment that is murdered one by one. There will be no disruption to any of the categories that are intended for the order of the properly constructed distance from the dead. Nothing behaves properly and characters leave little more than cartoons to see destruction as soon as possible. Del Tenney (the curse of a living body, I eat your skin), the leader of all people, produced, written and stars as a priest in the central role, the relationship with the killer means something he is psychotic. The killer's revelation is cumbersome to handle and ineffective, probably not surprising the soul who looks at it. There are many events to jump to scare, with one sign opening up to your friend's scare, which could not even produce some cheap excitement because they are so numerous calculated. Most of the attacks occur during the screen with bleeding cuts (.. or pools), which is the only real display of violence. The long-running finals where the killer goes on and where the actor desperately tries to get his cable as damn and demented as he is embarrassing and relaxed. This cliché and stubborn training does not result in one positive, because quite a lot of effort is being made to rise from one-dimensional roles. And for the sake of harm, they could at least have allowed Joey Lawrence to see 90% of the agonizing minute to endure the misery between this junk money. <br /> <br /> Dorie Barton, the heroine's ultimate girl, Beth Morgan, who seems to be obsessed with the killer, cannot be more enchanting and uninteresting (.. oh, she was in rehabilitation and taking pills for her nightmares; such an interesting exposition ). Chad Allen, who is against the type, when the group's very frightening "friend" (.. who happens to disappear from the movie first, putting the idea that he is the first victim) is a tough mountain to climb his role, so he stumbles, runs uncontrollably without running out. Jeff Conaway, who needs money, is probably the role of FBI agents, whose daughter's murder motivates him to look for a killer, bringing him to Florida. Jack McGee has the usual $$ Hole role as a Florida mouth-to-mouth police chief who is often a nose nose with a Conaway agent. <br /> <br /> Oh, the answer to the title question is not really. Because if you get the answer, you don't know why you were bothering with it.
