The film started with Wheeler in his girlfriend's apartment. Her aunt (Edna May Oliver - a person who is too talented for this film) didn't like Wheeler - the feeling I could easily associate. The aunt decided to take this child's young lady abroad to get away from Wheeler. They left and Wheeler invested in a small mythical kingdom of revolution because they promised to make him king. At about the same time Woolsey was in the same small mythical kingdom and he became king. So when Wheeler arrived, the boys had to fight against it, but they refused because they are friends already - which cheated people very much, because killing and replacing kings is a national pastime. <br /> <br /> The Hollywood Golden Age - a quiet era in the 1940s - I'm a big comedy fan. I've seen and seen hundreds, if not thousands, of these movies, and despite my love and appreciation for these movies, I've never been able to understand Wheeler's and Woolsey's complaint - the only comedy team that can be as bad as Ritz's Brothers! Despite being very successful in a short career in Hollywood (short of Robert Woolsey's early death), I can't point out that practically every other successful team did the same basic idea, but much better. For example, many of the elements of this film that resemble Marx Brother's film, DUCK SOUP, were never laughed by CRACKED NUTS and DUCK SOUP was a silly and very enjoyable romp. Sometimes Woolsey spoke a bit like Groucho, but his jokes never have punchlines, which are far from funny! In fact, he just seemed to scream unnecessarily. His only funny quality was that he looked buggy - there was definitely not enough reason to put a movie. In addition, Wheeler had a comic complaint about cheese - a cheese that sang very badly! The lost opportunity was the old Vaudeville routine, which was later popularized by Abbott and Costello as "who's first" in this movie, but it had no shine and timing. In fact, right after the start of their spell, they finished the routine - so premature that you were disappointed. I knew "who's been for the first time" for many years and was used by many teams, but I really wanted to see Wheeler and Woolsey give him a fair picture and give him his twist. <br /> <br /> Once again, I found another sub-par movie by this duo. Although I have to admit that I liked some of these movies somewhat (like SILLY BILLIES and RAINMAKERS - what I actually gave to IMDb 6), this was one of the main endurance tests - something that I think happens too often when I watch Wheeler and Woolsey movies . Where was all the humor?!
