Final Score: 1.8 (out of 10) <br /> <br /> After seeing 'Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back', I had to be a big Eliza Dushku kick-off. "Soul Survivors" is a dirty "psychological thriller" dressed like a trashy teen slasher flick - even to the extent that he has a hidden killer stem cast for young people, such as Dushku, Wes Bentley (American Beauty), Casey Affleck (Drowning Mona ) and the pleasant star Melissa Sagemiller. Luke Wilson is also there, ridiculously unsuccessful as a priest. The film, the brainchild of the writer / director Stephen Carpenter, looks like a mutant offspring of "Open Eyes" or "Vanilla Sky" and films where the character (and the audience) is caught in the world of dill-induced dill. death. The film keeps confusing images and leaves us confused throughout the driving time until this alternative reality is finally resolved. I don't think these movies are entertaining - by their very nature - at first, but "SS" is a rock lower than the trash, whatever you cut it. Visual, scripts, acting, and experiments in any originality are all movies like that. Plus, it's PG-13, so it doesn't even transmit gore or R & D to keep it innocent (even the unrated version is annoying). I had heard that the film contained a "hot" shower scene between Dushku & Sagemiller. Since the film has fallen in front of me and all other entertainment seemed to be lost, I found myself patiently in the shower scene - at least I got something out of it. Then comes: two girls are painting their shirts, they jump in the shower completely dressed and scrub. That's it. People thought it was hot? "Soul Survivors" is one of those weak and eternal films that are so weak and inaccurate that there are no feelings at all. It doesn't turn anything and is worth nothing. Finally, it leaves us empty. The Carpenter finals have flashing light and pounding sound, and this is probably the most lively part. Undoubtedly, circles in the US or the Sci-Fi Channel are being made late in the evening, because it's cheap and the PG-13 rating - and that's probably the best.
