The world is facing imminent destruction and a suicide mission is being sent to the sun to avoid a catastrophe, burning a bomb in its fiery heart: yes, this is a solar crisis, aka Crisis 2050, which burned out a huge change that never appeared on the screen back in 1990 and barely returned enough to buy a happy meal for every Japanese cast before he went straight to the video (remember them?), changed to Alan Smithee. The plot's hook is pretty much the same as Sunshine - the suicide issue in the sun, the saboteur on board, the logic cast - except that this time they're not trying to regenerate the sun, but prematurely explode solar energy before it reaches Earth. Talking about a bomb. Called Paul Williams. Who wants her to be promoted so the team takes her seriously? Considering that also Jack Palance's most demented OTT, Charlton Heston's most rigid, top-liner Tim Matheson is anonymous, the original Hills Have Eyes is an unforgettable Michael Berryman (you don't remember the name but you don't remember that face) and Peter Boyle as an industry to sabotage the mission, because if it succeeds in saving the world, but its share price drops, then wait if not laugh-at least at least laugh every roll. There is no pleasure. This is the worst bad movie: boring. The fate of the world may be in balance, but the whole film is full of urgency or a complete lack of momentum at the same and steadily deadly slow pace. There's a low key and there is walking, but there's no more here. Instead, they still stand in the darkness of most of the time despite the screen. You continue to hope that Paul Williams will talk about the existential crisis of the bomb, but instead the film will just ... stand there, doing something aside. Literally. This is one of the most inert films made? so inert, that when Clive Owen was cast, he would be almost quite alive. Even a poorly explained suicide attempt does not interest you, because it mostly involves, rather, just standing still images that look at screens in almost darkness. Even when the bomb begins prematurely before launch, are they dealing with a new crisis? still stands in the dark despite the screen, as if they were in the world all the time. Merchant-Ivory films have better scenes. <br /> <br /> Things are not livelier on Earth when the movie spends most of its working time with Matheson's son / Chuck's grandson, Corin Nemec, who is trying to attack a space port over a dry landscape with a Palance mad desert artist looking for it message where chicks still dig me. Release it on a nice beach. Just do not wait for the logic if you have not guessed it so much. The best moment? A tiny girl in a bar describing Jack Palance as "white hair and a face like rotten skin," although Chucky Baby took out a villain aircraft whose ledger was fired from a hip in an office window or beaten a butterfly who loves his beret in a welcome morsels of camp movie, which 99% of its working time offers a whole line of weeping '. Richard C. Sarafian's slightly longer original picture that played in Japan offers another six minutes, but cries that it can be better managed in 17 minutes: Vanishing Point director has thanked his lucky stars when re-editing gave him an excuse to take his name out of the movie. The film is so bad that it is not good and hurts against it
