Sometimes ... I'm trying to try and try to be a charity for all B-class movies out there, but once in a while, a particular movie will test your patience until you want to capture all the people involved. "Bat People" (which I saw under the heading "It lives at night") is just such a movie. It can't be seen without thinking that it should have been a "Night Gallery" episode and not one of those that is better. The film has something to do with a doctor who has bitten a bat and is therefore starting to rebel blood, who drinks human blood. (In fact, if you were to become a real bat, he would eat mosquitoes with a gallon bucket, but because it is a cheap, harsh horror film, blood is a word.) Despite being the headgear that is the cap and almost all the darkening episodes in the evening, his friend and doctor, dr. Mustache Aspen-Extreme, requires it to have an "allergic reaction" to rabies. Meanwhile, the world's most terrible and stereotypical county sheriff suspects that the doctor is responsible for the brutal murder of many local girls (and one wino). At the same time, the doctor's spouse decides that denial is a river in Egypt and alternately patronizes and jokes about her. <br /> <br /> It's not so much that it's bad - you can say that the actors make professional-level choices and try to bring some juice and life to the script, even a guy who plays the sheriff. (Okay, it's pretty bad, but it's bad, wooden, professionally). It's just that all of the action, the tempo of the scenes, the costumes, the dialogue, the script and the story are generally at the edge of your teeth and make you hit everybody. <br /> <br /> I think the film had a chance to be a spooky, unpleasant little cult favorite, but: <br /> <br /> 1) The director had to beat Michael Pataki, an actor with an experienced character. until Patak agreed to ACT and not just Dennis Weaver. 2) He also had to find a script that made some sense for the whole "Bat Bites Human, Who Turn Into Bat" scenario. 3) He also needed an actor who played a doctor to find a little more physically credible staging for his "episodes", instead of turning to the "Gold Man of A Clock" of the Good Clichéd. 4) She had to work around the whole "female" character, make her as intelligent, less gentle, and more attentive. <br /> <br /> I would never watch this movie voluntarily, except with the help of Mike and Botide. It's bad, but it's not stupid, humorous or interesting. Better than "Battlefield Earth" or "Waterworld", however, is better.
