"The Bat People" is a proud resident of IMDb Bottom 100. Each time the movie disappears from the notorious list, it depends on whether there are new movies with the Paris Hilton or documentaries from the stars of American Idol, but it will always return sooner or later reliably. And why? Because, unlike most of the lists in this list, "The Bat People" is a legitimate bad movie and it deserves to be there, regardless of media influences or internet buzz! It's not nearly the worst movie because the basic concept certainly has a certain charm and ingenuity, but it's still difficult to sit down all the time. The script is incredibly boring, with absolutely unnecessary cushioning material and giant gaps in continuity, but the main characters remain strangers throughout the film. Apart from a reasonable scenario, does the film also have outstanding sequences of killings and make-up effects? while young Stan Winston? are ridiculously incorrect and remain largely invisible until the end of the film. The title of the movie is inaccurate, because "people" refer to the plural, while the story really just shifts one Bat Person. Much more than Bruce Wayne, real Batman plays in this movie and also has a real Bat Cave and Bat Mobile (stolen ambulance)! The plot introduces the younger couple on their honeymoon weekend, where caves are being explored. They leave the guided tour group and are bitten by a bat while trying to protect their wife from a malicious attack. Concerned that he may be infected with rabies, he undergoes intensive treatment in a local hospital, but it does not prevent him from slowly becoming a blood-borne bat. He kills casual people at night and with a suspicious police sergeant, while his loving woman is still very convinced that uncomfortable behavior is only due to allergic reactions to rabies treatment. Of course expensive! The script never explains why the bat is attacking people and how John always returns to a normal person at the beginning of a new day, instead of gradually becoming a constant bat-guano. Basically, The Bat People is a good old werewolf variation, but probably not very interesting. The concept showed a lot of potential, but somehow the sub-lines focused on tiny generations and perverted sheriffs, not terrible monsters. Some settings and locations for external movies are impressive, the misfit song playing on credit is a strange memorable one, a nice little bit in the culmination period (finally!) And main character Marianne McAndrew is delightful (though not listening) to). This really bad and boring movie's current list of 100 is on the spot number 80 and personally I hope it will be anywhere in the area. The list just does not feel and traditional without "The Bat People".
