Hi Mary Lou: Prom Night II begins at Hamilton High School in 1957, when Mary Lou Maloney (Lisa Schrage) cheats her date with Bill Nordham (Steve Atkinson) with Bud Cooper (Robert Lewis). Bill discovers and has devastated, while Mary Lou proclaims the Queen in 1957 and is on stage to accept her prize. Bill, who still hurts, decides to play Mary Lou's practical jokes, so he throws a firearm on the stage, but yet the illuminated guard is catching Mary Lou's dress, which puts him on & amp; 30 years later, and Hamilton High will soon be celebrating its anniversary. Bill (Micheal Ironside) is now prime and has a teenage boy named Craig (Justin Louis) who is introduced to Vicki Carpenter (Wendy Lyon) and both are planning to go with the prom. Bud (Richard Monette) is now a priest, this terrible night 30 years ago still haunted by Bill & Bud. One day, Vicki looks around in the basement of the schools when he discovers the big trunk he opens, it turns out to be a bad move, because Mary Lou's vengeful spirit is free and he's going to call his crown a prom queen of free time putting his premature death. First of all, Jess Browning (Beth Gondek), whose death is being put to death, Mary Lou will have Vick's body as the prom rises. After the destruction of some competition in the form of Kelly Hennenlotter (Terri Hawkes), who tries to fix the prom, so he wins. Mary Lou Vick's body is crowned by the Hamilton High Prom Queen, which allows Mary Lou to come back from the dead to make an unexpected look and truly revive the party ... <br /> <br /> Absolutely no connection with Original Prom Night (1980) & Bruce Pittman director I thought Hello Mary Lou: Prom Night II was not a very good movie. The Ron Oliver scenario focuses on supernatural elements rather than on cheap teenage themes, whether it is a good or a bad decision depending on your expectations. Personally, I found these different elements really not gel or work at all. The whole movie was slowly really enjoyable, after the opening queue where Mary Lou dies, she doesn't kill anyone else for up to half an hour and then film for half an hour until Vicki has finally embraced and finally the movie pulls the climax where the evil Mary Lou kills one Man, before he is supposed to be defeated, come to the horror fans, which you assumed that the cliché "killer is not dead and ready to follow". ? Don't wait for the body, but the whole movie, and no particular graphic, even though I liked how Monica (Beverley Hendry like Beverly Hendry) tried to hide in the shower cabinet that Mary Lou shattered and resulted in bad Monica blood abandonment. Hello Mary Lou's Supernatural Side: Prom Night II depicts Vicki, who has many hallucinations in the first hour, and Mary Lou controls items at the final stage, including a couple of horrible pictures of a swinging horse that lives, the board scene is pretty good and it turns into water and zombie hands drag Vick. Hello Mary Lou: The prom night II slip is not prominent, I did like Mary Lou himself when he forced out a mandatory one liner and made a good villain even if he couldn't kill enough people. Oh, and yeah, I got running respects for a variety of other horror film directors, whose almost all the characters share one last name, it probably adds something to the movie, but it's a nice little touch. Action is OK, but the normally reliable Micheal Ironside seems to be missing and uninteresting almost as if he were asking himself what he was doing and doing when he was ever working. Forget about any gore, someone hanging out, there is baptism in the fist that happens from under the screen, someone is infected with neon light, the computer goes crazy and electric shots on the face (!?) & Mary Lou crushes the rotten zombie out of Vick's body, which was a pretty cool scene . Girls' showers also have some front nudity when it's your business. Credit Offering Hello Mary Lou: Prom Night II is a good watch, has reasonable production values ​​around the world and is generally well done. In general, I was disappointed with Hello Mary Lou: Prom Night II, it was just too slow and ultimately inevitable to maintain my interest for almost 100 minutes. I'm not sure if it deserves to be 3 or 4 stars, I give it 4, because there is nothing wrong with it I think and I've been sitting on much worse movies, but it just didn't do anything I fear.
