A truly distressed, cannibalistic psychopath, John (Gary Kent, under the pseudonym Michael Brody), who lives in a cave, steals campers who make an unfortunate mistake when climbing in their desert. Steve (Dean Russell) and his friend Charlie (John Batis) come up with a playful argument with their women, Sharon (Tomi Barrett, Gary Kent's real life wife)) and Tedd (Ann Wilkinson) living in the woods. yourself. To prove the point, the gals decide to drive to the desert in Los Angeles to travel, which disturbs their partners as soon as they follow. John's fall catch will soon kill Teddi because Sharon runs for his life because men get late in the desert due to overheating the truck. Fear, tired and paranoid, Sharon gets very unusual help. That's right, John's children stay in the wilderness, ghostly phenomena that spy on people living in the woods, especially remembering Sharon, helping her manage safety and friends. Meanwhile, Steve and Charlie will soon find refuge in the downstream and night darkness where John lives. By burning the burning fire, the meat actually begins with Charlie's wife Teddi! Unknown Charlie eats meat when John offers someone who finds outsiders in his dwelling! Soon, his women, Steve and Charlie, were worried about finding them in the morning break. Meanwhile, John is going to hunt, Charlie, Steve and Sharon, to fight for survival. When Steve suffers from a crash between two massive rocks running through a river, he is disabled only if he raises such a nightmare, because Sharon follows his ghostly young friends for potential safety. Dad, don't kill him. Unfortunately, Charlie doesn't have such friends. <br /> <br /> Director Donald Jones (who wrote this and went to break the funding of the film) cleverly pulls the movie in such a breathtaking and beautiful place in Sequoias. The National Park, California, where these large tall towers of the tree tower, and I mainly look at the slashes of the back plants. For some strange reason, I couldn't find the Jones direction in particular. Fear was missing, although John uses somewhat disturbing attacks using his knife (.. smartly photographed, the Jones camera suggests more than what is actually on the screen, but somehow it still achieves what John is doing to the victims. to see the innocent innocent of the magic, it will increase fear. John is a monster, Jones gives us a testimony of his memory when he discovers his wife's adultery and responds accordingly (.. he is also a spirit in the desert, looking for his children, wanting to punish them "as naughty") killed him and his lover in bed .. freaky, depressed, committed suicide and now "haunted" the desert, still communicating with their place or whoever they choose I understand that this novelty is that children with ghost trees are unique and somewhat appreciated, but I found this idea to be rather harsh and too foolish to take seriously. They help our heroine escape from some potentially dangerous situation, but it was terribly difficult for me to keep uncontrolled strangulation. The music I found terribly in the 80's and the performances are not amazing. I mean, I can react to the situation where they were, because it is really frightening to find yourself in an unknown and hostile territory where someone who knows so well. I think the film is in many ways similar to NOT QUESTION .. except that FOREST has the abovementioned ghost children (.. their voices are heard when they talk to Sharon, their father or each other). Gary Kent looks like dirty George Lucas, dressed in clothing and humanity. As I mentioned above, violence is not as harsh as it is recommended, because director Jones is able to effectively cut off a lot of knife penetration, but the way he assembles leaves you quite confused (such as Teddi's murder, a crushing violent on rock formations, his allegations to stop John, and repeated attempts to attempt to rob his predator to stop, hanging dead body John skips. I have seen this type of slasher film better and worse, it's rather mediocre, at best in some effectively painted terrain. it is especially memorable, except for the clergy.
