I mean all the dusky, neglected, low-budget horror movies waiting to be rediscovered in the DVD release, why choose FOREST? I love a very small budget right from the horror of home video or other alternative release. I love the horrors of the 80s. I love backwoods slashers with fools wandering off at night to chased, murdered and eaten by psychiatrists. I'm all for the idea that non-specialists are working in a horror movie, maybe it may be to enter the industry or just make a movie because they want to do it. I'm all about using the public places found, the non-actors, the name talent behind the camera and the studio. NO PROBLEM! The wildest picture of the forest is that it opens up a couple moving away from the forest: seeing them as small, vulnerable beings entering a dark, dark world where people may not be at the top of the food chain or the most feared predator. Then the film will dive and never recover - we will meet the backpacking couple briefly as they realize they are being kidnapped. They are separated, both are polished and then we meet the protagonists of the film when they are driving in a traffic jam. They meet their companions and decide to make a camping trip. Snoring sound fills the space as people who came to watch a movie violin by sending text messages from their mobile phones to people who tell them how much the movie sucks. <br /> <br /> This movie is too slow, this movie is too boring and this movie is too talkative. What would not be so bad if writers had given people something to say, except for the fools, asynins and unnecessary things. You know your horror movie is in trouble when the most interesting features are the parked face of a car park who warns everyone away from Cannibal Woods. Speaking of these "forests", they look so far away from civilization and behind the football pitches, but through the larger rocks and the stream that flows through it. There are impressive shots of the origin of the forest, but there is no real sense in the middle. If any of the characters just sat down again and waited long enough, then someone should do it. <br /> <br /> The film is worse that it does not generate human interest: I don't know who these couples are and don't care what happens to them. The sons of Slasher, a cannibal of sons, is uninteresting even when pretended to see freshly cooked meat at the feet of one of his victims to serve his boyfriend, who just gets into his caves. The irony of this is "submissive". With the deliberately ominous synthesizer music score, cinematography, suspiciously looking at how someone tried to catch a camera to a dog, and that follows people's movements, the lack of remarkable gore, nudity, horrible excitement and uncomfortable atmosphere, and what we have here is a horror film that is not even as scary as the PBS educational television, which shows how magnets work. <br /> <br /> I don't want to "throw" people behind this movie, as they probably went to the project, didn't shake themselves up, and ended up with just another boring film that hit funny women through a knife. There is nothing wrong with this, it is wrong to have an unimaginable and completely pedestrian path that it did until it is completely pointless to the conclusion that the film simply deceives at an 80-minute mark. The best thing you can say about METALL is that it is relatively fast, and there is not much to do with repeated screening - so it's a bit of a mess for someone to know about the need for DVD distribution. It was good if the Prism Video rental years were strange because the DVD has a $ 5.99 rack per month since the shelves. There is little or no need to see a movie if you do not weigh your ultra-low budget cluster hackers in a public park where no one can make money. Here are steps to avoid steps. <br /> <br /> Everything that was said and done was one of the interesting sequences of the film, or rather one sequence that was so pathetic and thoughtlessly thought it would become a mystery on another cut and dried film: the madman comes home to find his wife in bed with a local contractor. She sends her beloved, her hands on a kitchen knife that looks like it was made just for use in horror film and shrinks after a break. The guy is cornering and attacking his career, who sets aside and runs away from the psychos in his footsteps with a larger, much larger weapon. Psyche attacks again and the man goes away. AGAIN is realized in Psychology and again the boy gets away. Then SAAB! Finally, on the fifth try a psycho to travel to a guy so that it falls on some kind of blade. How did it materialize from larger armed weapons that have become material? Does this psycho have a supernatural element? As the film never makes it clear, the scene is only a mystery staged to create certain tensions. Its purpose is unclear. The whole movie is one that really exists, without any need to make and execute both tooth-fisted, uninteresting in a way that can't help but know what that thought was. <br /> <br /> 3/10 and plenty of evidence that just because you can release a movie from a DVD that doesn't mean you should necessarily be.
