The title of this shady and (almost rightly) forgotten 80's story inevitably resembles the same title as The Cure's mega-fear monster hit song, so part of the title of this user comment. I had nothing else to say that it would be useful. But hey, "Forest" is not completely hopeless and not even * bad, actually. If nothing else, it will at least obey the first rule of the 80-year-old Slider, though unwritten, for the first ten minutes. Certainly you have heard about the main assumptions of this movie ten times earlier, but don't let it stop looking at it, because "Forest" has a couple of things to offer more than just tempting inflammation. In fact, it's a bit atypical of the 80's! The main characters are not ordinary brainless teenagers and the script has definite ambitions for supernaturalism. The concept is not always successful, not to mention a plausible one, but it is more than interesting to keep your attention and there are even a couple of surprisingly strong tensions and reversal of the plot. Two couples decide to go camping in the most isolated forests in California, but because of the fool play, women travel separately from their spouses. Always built at night, they get a mother who is looking for her two children, herself children and finally a father who has been chasing a human animal. A demented family may be real or imaginary, but women are definitely at risk, and they have already disappeared when their spouses arrive. Men also meet with the family and find out more about the background of some dysfunction. "Forest" is a strange and unusual film, saying at least. This is not a masterpiece of drawing, but a strange atmosphere is definitely for the frank fans of the 80's. Murder is quite harsh and filmed, including slit holes and painful deaths, and the shooting places are amazingly beautiful. The more you ponder the story and its sudden turns, the less is there any point, so my advice would simply be to enjoy this odd viewing experience as long as it lasts and not less. Performing performances are slightly above average, music is okay, and at least director Donald Jones (who is also responsible for the 'schoolgirl chain' of 70's ulcers) tried to be a bit more creative that most of the 80 horror movies. Too bad to end up failing.
