Recap: Antarctic ice is discovering something that is mysteriously dense, transmitting radio signals. The mysterious block will be excavated and taken to the Antarctic research station. Former SETI employee Julian Rome is deciphering the message. The problem is that one of the scientists is his old girlfriend, and the situation is quickly uncomfortable, especially since other female scientists practically throw themselves at him. And the ice block inside is melting abnormally quickly. Soon the item will be open. The mystery continues, although the object generates a large amount of electricity. The object is open, but just before that, Julian decodes the signal. "Don't open". But it is too late and the object will explode when it is finally broken, and two things will be triggered on earth. The first is an alien who was standing on the site and the other is a virus that kills a researcher immediately. And Washington, which is suspiciously updated on this historic event, decides that these things cannot be unleashed on earth. This is how a Russian nuclear submarine is sent to Antarctica. <br /> <br /> Comments: The film has some surprises. One of them is Carl Lewis, who surprisingly puts on good actors and the other is beautiful, well-developed and much better than expected special effects. Unfortunately, this story has many surprises and this time it is not good. In fact, it is so full of holes in parcels that sometimes films appear to be composed of scenes that are almost randomly connected. It is never explained why Washington knows so much why Washington is able to control Russian submarines, why this object is in Antarctica and now wakes up. It is really amazing that an alien pod transmits in understandable English. Some might explain this by the fact that the alien had been to the Land before and knew the language (and probably chose English, why?). But then it is very confusing why a nice alien who apparently wants to save the Earth virus send the coded message "Don't open"! Finally, the end may be as open as it may be. <br /> <br /> The film is a bit of fun, but too much energy (from me) needs to be directed to fill the spaces on the plot. Therefore, the total amount of film is not too good. <br /> <br /> 3/10
