Five young teenage girls are starting around the eyes, riding on time to travel home, stopping in the shop and accidentally hitting another car and just choosing to drive and leave. Soon after another car forces them to stop and the crazy shotgun smiles at them and shouts at them, they do not take off their clothes and make them a pee and then randomly drives them out. Shaken & shocked girls think their challenge is over, but the crazy woman returns a second ago because she seems to be going to kill frightened girls who are missing and have little gas ... <br /> <br /> Produced and directed by Greg Swinson & Ryan Theissen with Swinson who write & Theissen about cinematography and editing, I have to say that Five Across the Eyes is just one of the worst films I've ever seen, if not the worst, I think I'm trying to think about the movie, what i have seen is worse. Now let me start by saying that I am sure many of the film making decisions made here were deliberate to try and create the atmosphere, tension, realism and intercourse, but there are no aspects that five eyes would not hate to say honestly, that this is a bad home video that has been put on YouTube and even then it is a little embarrassing and honestly worthless waste of a 90-minute minute that I could have done something more fun and fun. pulling my nails out with the pliers. Web views appear to be quite positive, but in IMDb (the sum of 1-star comments is revealing and they can't all be wrong, right?) And this is a message center that I think is much more than the average person thinks it's absolutely trashed almost Everyone and the phrase "The worst movie I've ever seen" is sometimes used and fair, that most of these negative comments mention the same things and I have to agree with them. The story is terrible, I think it's meant to be minimalist, but is it minimal? There is never any reason or event that would happen, and it just seems completely random. It lasts for ages, because the volume of the plot here is hard to fill with the thirty-minute-long feature of television. Dialogue is terrible with those annoying girls who don't seem to be a brain cell between them, taking around random things and shouting a lot. Oh, God screams, these girls seemingly endless scenes that scream or cry or whine, which not only irritates and irritates and prevents some sensible viewers from feeling compassion for them. . Then there is a real killer, the whole movie is set and shot inside the mini cab, seriously that the camera never leaves the car and as you can imagine it gets really boring, add that only one person's low weight died on screen & Five Across the Eyes is a movie that I hated with passion. <br /> <br /> Again, at the technical level, the movie style was a deliberate choice, but I have to be honest again & say Five eyes are the worst viewing film I've ever seen. As a movie fan, I like to watch my movies like the right movies because it's a visual medium and I definitely don't want them to look worse than the average YouTube video or my movies captured on my camcorder when I was drunk. In fact, it seems that amateur and so bad, it is a complete vision and I hated every second of every second. Just think The Blair Witch Project (1999) is just ten times worse and sensitive and you're almost there. Five times through the eyes are times when you cannot literally say what is happening or happening because of the dark and grainy contrasts of camera operation and almost darkness. Violence is also somewhat bleeding and eventually it is some bleeding. <br /> <br /> The low budget won't even describe five eyes, with an estimated budget of about $ 4,000. one of the lowest budget films ever distributed. The two vans of the movie were members of the production process and it is basically the whole budget right there, in the locations. The action is quite bad for the headache, I just hated all the fakes that made me cry and yell, which didn't convince me at all, but it irritated enormously. <br /> <br /> Five around the eyes go down the worst movies I've ever seen, and I've seen some movies when someone now asks what is the worst movie I've ever seen. I hated it, every aspect of it and a terrible moment.
