I'm stupid. Yes, that's right. I'm really caught here. In no way did it find it terrible, but on the other hand, this frustrating experience of macabre hysterical and twilight confusion. The idea of ​​such a trimming, a minimal low budget Indie production is not bad, but it is a confusing confusion and eventually it did nothing to me. It's amateurish and simple; he wants to take advantage of the reasoning and do it later in fashion with a fast filming style. We have a documentary (hand-held) camera that moves everywhere (despite the fact that it still hasn't left), and sometimes it seems vague and blurry, making it difficult to figure out some details. You are using it lately, but there are times when it becomes too troublesome and even nausea. It still holds it. Context has few basics (with five teenage girls who travel home late in the football game and lost on the road. In a store on the road, they participate in a minor accident that breaks a free SUV headlight. , which will soon make your night an unforgettable experience of terror), spending most of the time playing out, noisy and relentless cat and mouse games. <br /> <br /> What's up? I think it depends. Some moments may torture you, paying attention to pain, despair and demented brutality (using a well-penetrating sound FX, which seems to be more preferred for images and forgetting alienating background noise), but I too found myself too. . In some parts, it can be repulsive and intense at a true gradual speed, but hardly plausible. Injuries to random characters never seem as serious as you would believe, even though they should be. See how your blood runs freely, but it's not completely convincing and may be numb. The constant night chase of the car can only do so much before repeating. We can scream, spewing, bleeding, running, curse, body fluids and so on. Also, quite unpleasant details were followed. Little really needed, it needed a much stronger script than hardly forced, which was pennies up. There were too many sparkle moments, and there were not many in the depths of their characters and situation. It was about pieces, waiting for the next embarrassing meeting and it pulled it out long enough. It is an unpredictable pattern in helping. <br /> <br /> Performances; Jennifer Barnett, Angela Brunda, Danielle Lilley, Sandra Paduch and Mia Yi are like workers with their tortured characters and draw authentic chemistry to offset the weaknesses of the scenario in their character-foundation. Veronica Garcia shifted, error-eyed intensity when the SUV's loony driver was something? yes nothing. The real motivation of her character to terrorize girls and her unstable state of mind is virtually non-existent. I think the psychotic was good enough. Now, probably the most delicate thing I found with this feature is the ugly sound. Terrible techno music, hard stone and overloading. It never felt superfluous and did not go, but it seemed like a painful thumb. Co-Presidents Greg Swinson and Ryan Thiessen are trying to make the most of their small resources, but even with this, it is a very sharp spirit. Maybe it was enjoyable, but looking at it was just not.
