The story goes something like this: The little girl Katie (Jessica Simpson) decides to visit her boyfriend in a big city. When he arrives, he finds that he is not as faithful as he should be. Katie then comes to an adventure that is New York. It is accompanied by a comedy of a bicycle messenger and a charming mishap. He falls to the ground and thus meets the charismatic good guys Ben (Luke Wilson). At first glance, there is no love, at least for him, but fate and Ben do not give it so simple. Being "just" a small town girl and a blonde couple by a bad driver in a construction company decides she is the perfect scapegoat for her smart plan. Misunderstandings with fun and sad consequences. But this is one blonde who doesn't take it! <br /> <br /> The people who decide on this movie will soon turn out to be wrong. Jokes are solid and fit, and the story is well developed. The relationship between Katie and Ben seems so natural that it puts something that Godard is ashamed of. The versatile Jessica Simpson is once again surprised by her strong role and she can pull her off. Simpson is really our day at Marilyn Monroe (there is also one glory to honor him!). It balances perfectly between vulnerable and frightened. Katie really shows us that you can't rate a book by your cover! Luke Wilson is as charming as ever. Even if he were covered with manure, man would be as attractive as anyone else. His light touch, the eyes of the puppies and the upside down make it harder to resist. Andy Dick plays the role he played to play one of the two devilish guides. He can't really underestimate. The strength of the performance lies in its security system. This is remarkable because most participants just run with it and play it for cheap laughs. Not that man! Finally, Director Scott Marshall has designed an intelligent and often fun comedy that aims to become a classic with cinema like Epic Movie and Norbit masterpieces. Kudos to all the participants, especially Jessica Simpson. His sincere smile and cordial laughter would make even the toughest person a big smile. You may be tough, but you are NOT ATTENTION! We recommend warmly to anyone who wants to wipe their feet and see a romantic comedy that is once honest. Thank you for this movie! Oh, and the soundtrack stones! <br /> <br /> Now that you haven't yet. I'm sarcastic. 1/10
