It is a common practice that a film about repression is somewhat silenced in style and tone. At the same time, there is a relationship between limiting movement and encouraging narcolepsy among the audience. In the "Secret Life of Dentists", starring Campbell Scott and Hope Davis, director Alan Rudolph plays as close to the vest as possible, resulting in a film that never goes beyond how teeth are a metaphor of marriage. <br /> <br /> Scott is an excellent dentist (Davis) with an outstanding dentist David Hurst. Rudolph sets the dynamics of his relationship quickly - he is fully absorbed into the daily tasks of being a parent, quietly disappointed with his frenzied family life - and then pulls up when Scott may or may not recognize his wife with another man. From that moment on, the film focuses on whether David intends to confront his wife, Dana, about his alleged adultery, or whether he is beating him and leaving him good. From time to time David is visited by an imaginary "friend" in the form of a former patient played by Denis Leary (borrowing strongly from Brad Pitt's Tyler Durden at "Fight Club"). <br /> <br /> Although Dana's infidelity and David's instability are a source of uncertainty for the investigation, the last two thirds of the film are an embarrassingly empty topic or narrative. Instead, Rudolph creates a drama that moves slowly through the Hurst family, culminating in a meaningless hospital visit at the top of the film. The film will never pick up clues about what David really can do if he was not so committed to his family; nor does it spend much time looking at Dana's precarious balance between her family life and her other, more fulfilling ambitions. <br /> <br /> By choosing to spend the majority of the movie worrying about fear, Rudolph kills his film momentum. By the time the fifth member of the family is sweating and sick, the film has taken advantage of all the good graces of Scott's well-measured performance. David and Dana come back again and again until less than a cathartic finale. Nothing to build in the last hour, the conclusion seems uncomfortable and fast. The "Secret Life of Dentists" takes a common theme and does nothing to improve it. All in all, a disappointing film.
