Yeah, I know you were trembling with excitement. Well, * Dentists' secrets * do not harm your expectations: it is firmly made, but essentially dreamy, true, but boring. It concerns the story of the couple who are dentists and who share the same practice (a recipe for problems: if it was not our separate work life, we would have all our spouses trapped because of irritation). Campbell Scott, whose mustache and behavioral patterns do not remember Everyman as much as Ned Flanders * Simpsons *, is light-weight, the uber-father's husband and Hope Davis are a boring, tough housewife who directs her disappointments to amateur amateur. One night when Dad and his daughters participate in one of Davis's performances, he discovers that his wife directs his disappointments more than just singing: he knows his wife's kissing and flirting with an opera manager. (One nice touch: we never see the face of the operator's driver.) Initiating a controversy, divorce and hearing procedure - profitable only for lawyers - Scott decides to pretend his wife's indiscretions are ignorant. br /> <br /> Already your literate wake up: ho-hum, the second story of the infamous, sliding little Cuckold. But Rudolph, the story of Jane Smiley's short story, hopes that material well-being is compensated by foolish postmodern touches. For example, one of Scot's warring patients (Denis Leary, who is kept relatively - and blessed) will later control the structure of dental imagination, which is formed as a Devil-on-the-shoulder attorney for old fashionable virtues ("Dump the b --- h!", Etc.). If he is not imagined by his imaginary new friend, he will be tormented by other fantasies, including his wife, who works in two ways with two male dentists working in their practice. It doesn't go too far to say that this movie is * Eyes Wide Shut *, which is intended for real people (or at least for a grown user). On these lines, Campbell Scott and Hope Davis are undoubtedly recognizable people, compared to the Cruise and Kidman glamourous pairs. In addition, the * Secret Lives * script is clearly more important than Kubrick. As a proof, I offer the children of dentists, especially the younger, who are about 3 or 4 years old, and whose main speech is Dad! Father! Father! Father! It's family life, all right, all its delights. <br /> <br /> The movie would have an interesting double bill * against Kramer and Kramer *. The feminization of the American man can be easily traced from 1979 to 2003. In this movie, his father is a housewife like * Kramer *, but he has no role to play at home, unlike Dustin Hoffman, who was too masculine toast. At this point, Scott can get all the pipe fittings, such as child vomiting, cooking, cleaning, any kind of post-school termination for children. And all without a complaint. (And without the director's comment. It's just a matter of course.) <br /> <br /> The film has virtues that are mostly associated with blood similitude. But it is pulled from the top with its demanding trendy culmination that culminates in a long scene where the dreadful five-day-long stomach changes household circles. We have to endure the futile fantasy sequences initiated by the imaginary guide book Leary. His presence finally resembles Brad Pitti's character in the fighting club *. And it eventually leads to another big mistake in the movie: the lack of originality. In this review, I understand that referring to many other films has been too easy. This movie is an improvement in most of them, but still. * Dentists' secret lifestyle * is worth it, but don't be too excited. (Not that you were all excited. I think.)
