Probably none of the previous reviewers, most of whom praised the film for its accuracy, actually read Louis Pasteur's biography. The most striking inaccuracy is in the relationship between Pasteur and Napoleon III. bad light.If far from the admirable character - he was an uneven politician and a self-appointed "military genius" who allowed France to pull a catastrophic war, he was not foolish here. He was intelligently interested in science and, like many other people of the 19th century, saw the future as it improved it. From Pasteur's expulsion, he was his PATRON by building a laboratory and giving him all the resources he needed for his research. Although the lab was under construction, Pasteur became seriously ill. The bureaucrat, considering that it is a waste of money to build a lab, that someone who will soon die, ordered the work stopped in their own power. the emperor heard about it, his resentment shook the bureaucracy so that there was a collision, and the work continued quickly. Emperor personally visited Pasteur to comfort him and persuade him that he would get his lab. the members of his court admire Pasteur's projects and it was clear to everyone that Pasteur was one of the emperor's favorites. The main concern of the pastor for the emperor was that Napoleon thought that Pasteur was a virtually wonderful worker who could almost do anything and constantly gave him tasks outside his past experience.Pasteur, a very modest man, always protested, but Napoleon said he had complete faith in him and Pasteur, despite his doubts, always came out. They have always had a close and friendly relationship, and after the emperor was overthrown, Pasteur refused to tell him the bad word, thanks to the end of his life. <br /> <br /> Part of her child, a child, and Pasteur sacrificed the principles of her medical care, never happened. Part of the Siberian plague and rabies for which he was famous is generally correct, but the notion that the Siberian experiment raised him from uncertainty to fame was famous and respected at the time it happened. This film is OK from a dramatic point of view, but very distorted as a biography.
