I saw Chan disappeared when it first came out, about four years after moving from San Francisco to New York. Perhaps it was a couple of years of perspective, but this film seemed to be better for the city and its people than anything else I had ever seen (still). It focuses on one particular community - the Chinese - but it is good because so much of the city breaks through settings, faces, and perhaps all the stars. <br /> <br /> There are no tourists in San Francisco. The settings are modest and casual: a taxi cab, a Chinese restaurant kitchen, Richmond Townhouses, small Chinatown apartments, and small business offices, guards, Philippines's hub. This is what the city sees and feels for the people living there daily - even now, in the Silicon Gulch urban development era. Unlike, for example, Dirty Harry (a wonderful San Francisco movie in his own way), everyone is filmed on the street: we realize that the viewpoints of the characters from their point of view, rather than some of the gorgeous verticals, Wang is probably filmed in B&W because he had no other money But one of the strongest visual elements in the movie is the natural light it reaches. Often the harsh and widespread quality of sunlight is one of my closest links with San Francisco. It seems to offer everything bringing buildings, mountains, other landmarks in a broad and funny form, making people you go through the streets seem more individual and potentially closer than other places. Wang's photography delivers it perfectly and even helps the story through points. <br /> <br /> Wang captures Chinese and other San Francisco speech and conversation styles better than anyone ever thinks. If there is a real "accent" in San Francisco, this is what you hear from the bald taxi-medallion broker (guess) who seems to be talking on the phone in one scene (listen to how he calls the other end) ya dingaling! "). <br /> <br /> The story is embarrassing and, despite some very minor mistakes, makes its points beautiful to the hearts of people living in old immigrant communities, including legitimate political and ethnic outrages and little ironic amusements to help them heat. it is delicately transmitted - maybe why some respondents think the film is inclined. It is not enough to say that the search for two cab drivers for Chan gets more personal. <br /> <br /> Chan Is Missing completes Chinatown supported by a whimsical novelty song from the 1930s (I think) from San Francisco and all its mad diversity, the American caricature, yes, but in no way is it completely out of the brand.
