What an unfortunate mess is "Shiner". I wanted such a general, anti-film aspirant, and I actually found many moments with powerful resonance. Unfortunately, these moments are little and far away. While I appreciate some of Calson's aspirations, any of the benefits that bare bones were trying to achieve, no budget cinema was destroyed by some truly frightening edits that did not benefit the film. Budget (and big budget) cinema, Shiner has a somewhat bad performance that is almost painful to watch. Especially "straight" couple Linda and Young Guy. These are the two worst-written characters that almost don't provide the story. Acting is so exhausting and neither actor can resist smirking or cracking because they fall into their lines terribly inadequately. Dirty editing almost makes you feel that these roles were completely free and fell to avoid the stereotype of movies as an odd homosexual movie. It would have been better than that. <br /> <br /> Everything that goes wrong with this is a series of performances that seem to get Calson's hope. First of all, Bob and Tim focus on the story. These are the two most abundantly drawn characters and offer the most prizes with truly exciting performances by Nicholas T. King (Bob) and David Zelinas (Tim). Tim is a boxer with some serious problems. Significantly low self-esteem conceals almost comic as arrogance he carries as armor plating. Tim, seemingly harmless, but ultimately creepy Bob, is an embedded boxer in the classic cat and mouse. When the boards are turned and the hunter is hunting, it is the only true emotional catharsis of the film. In an artificially hard-lipped movie (this is a compliment), one character must have this revelatory breakthrough (or breakdown as the case proves here), and the final confrontation with Bob and Tim gives Zelinas and King the chance to show some truly functional fur as played by Scott Stepp and Derris Nile, Tony and Danny seem to be the focus of the film and, despite some of their own brave moments (including one truly disturbing scene that reveals the obsession with gender / violence), but they can't get into comic-like objects and are hard to see - or beyond their seeming single note symphony and find something other than obvious. <br /> <br /> Ultimately, this same raw material could (and should) tell the story for a better fashion. Unfortunately, there is not much to suggest, the king's and Zelinas's performances, really offer something special and a glimpse of what might have been and what is finally worth.
