-SPOILES- Lame south of the southern adventure film, which has nothing to do with the extortion of Rosenlski, a large partner, by Unasco Inc. from the president of the sheep town of David Ziegler, who lives in Reilly or Ziegler's life on his beach house in Cancun, Mexico. This CD that he gave to his brother James, who has three years of phone calls between Rosenlski and the United States President who are involved in criminal transactions. This CD has given David before the international mobiles ahead of him. The fact that James gets a bit greedy trying to shake Rosenlski on 2 million diamonds not only paid him a life but also made David lose his life. Ropsenlski wants him to negotiate with David on the CD, getting his former wife Liz to talk to him, giving Rosnelsk a chance to pay off his debts when he gets through. Later, David Rosenliski, a Mexican hit man, kills Tony with the help of a big white shark, who just doesn't go all in for his peaceful communication with his boss. <br /> <br /> Tony had taken a CD that Liz left for his boss at a local hotel, and now he wants to murder James as he did David, and at the same time hold something on the CD over Rosenlski. <br /> <br /> David, who was secretly hidden diamonds that James had during his assassination, is related to him, is now Tony's and his men's target to shut him down. David also wants to take diamonds and at the same time give his boss Rosenlski the impression that the CD that David had lost but uses it later without Rosenlski knowing who is behind him to blackmail him. <br /> <br /> "Haide Night" has a number of attacks on this big one-eyed white shark that comes out about half a dozen cast members, including Tony. David, who is confident in the control of the weapon, uses all of the high-explosives and Molotov cocktails to pull out the entire Tony team, as well as his own fist. Even the killer has finished Tony, but with a hunter, not a gun. When firearms had to be used to save his friend and tie Paco, his girlfriend, Juanita, lives with Tony, and his priest Mattia, and his gang of weapons, was non-young with David; then he was more a knife and a spear. <br /> <br /> The movie was about as predictable as you can do with David, who is believed to have killed one eye later, after Rosenlski was convinced he was dead and left the village. David continues his life as a free, lively and loving beachfront, who doesn't want to kill him and get about two million dollars richer. He gave David back to his friend Paco on his CD, but under the conditions that if something happened to him, a cousin who Rosenlski doesn't know who and where he is is putting his mouth down and telling the world about his dirty and criminal relationship .
