So, has it really come to this? With the consent of adults, are we guilty of the next generation of filmmakers who lack cinematic understanding and cellularity? Wayans and Co's latest additions to the moving picture scenario; Little guy. This United Kingdom P.G. (Parental guidance) Anyone under the age of twelve is accompanied by a responsible adult, a certified film, which is what has now become a worse downfall because cigarettes were "extinguished" in the 1950s. <br /> <br /> The predominantly less than twelve audiences here, who also sat there without adult supervision, obediently, taking it all in, disregarded their subject and partially grown features that Little Man depicts, at least in part. In general, movies can do this bad experiment better, while this nonsense is already young and fresh, but the biggest fear of the future of Cinema is that the ignorance of the child can just grow into bliss. Cinema deserves more than this, so make your ever-growing audience and literally the audience, this bleak cashflow fluttering the young people's ever-impressive thoughts. <br /> <br /> There is no cinematic experience here, no open-eye wonder, no amazing respect for the magic of movies. There is nothing more than astonishment and contempt, because of the essence, originality and lack of demonstration, less tedium and parody of everything that is now wrong with the Hollywood machine, in the name of a quick layer, we must endure our future cinema audience like this archetypal film on film. <br /> <br /> Is it like Hitchcock, Fassbinder, Leone, Kubrick and Schaffner in their graves? The money they all liked was undoubtedly, but talent and greatness for perfection and quality and much respect for their profession and audience were never short. Again, we see Wayans' clans works as another bad taste cliché, while White Chicks (2004) were undoubtedly not American citizenship. The irony is that the two leading protagonists, who have once again played by Wayans' brothers, are so hidden that all the accolades are non-existent, it also makes a better movie, and actor Terry Crews, who gives White his chicks and personality. , not Wayans. <br /> <br /> Once again, with his pastel film 1970s Blaxploitation movies, like the 1988 film I Gonna Git You Sucka, can be considered a comic and fun movie with heavy scales like Isaac Hayes, Jim Brown , Bernie Casey and the proud actor Ja'net Du Bois. The thing is that Little Man does not have any personality that is ever so, he is low and narcissistic, with no appreciation or no value for his followers, he dives quickly against his money and before we know it is hidden trade mechanisms . There is no recognizable effort where our money has been spent after Scary Movie (2000), but things could only have risen, but unfortunately they didn't make any big thought about artistic value and undoubtedly that their intrepid film contribution to Moguls' next films must be directly to the video, hope can only be. <br /> <br /> Wayans seems to have created a movie for himself, to a certain extent; they have put the film to death to kill the parody, they have soldered each hole and their inevitable style. They have slowly destroyed the reputation of the last hundred years that cinema has given us, whether the ghosts of films can be modest in their case law, because their growing target audience still seems to be, when the bubble breaks, they can also be understanding.
