America. Land of freedom, hope and dreams. It is a nation that, since independence, has tried to bring democracy, prosperity and peace to the whole world for all mankind. However, there are times when we cannot help but want the American people to stay on their Atlantic. <br /> <br /> This "film" (and I use that word with some reservations) creates these feelings with intense purity. This hell vision follows Calvin's adventure, which was a futile early morning, created by attaching Marlon Wayan's interrupted driver to a two-foot high dwarf body. After involuntarily dropping a larger diamond in a Vanessa handbag, career men who do not wish to have children, Calvin understands that he must be with him to restore the diamond. So, like every ordinary person, Calvin dresses up as a 2-year-old and puts himself on the door of poor women, where he discovered Vanry's husband Darryl. <br /> <br /> In spite of the fact that "the child" has a complete set of teeth, a piece, a tattoo, a knife-arm and a 16-year-old sex drive, Darryl falls into Calvin's disguise. old. Even more absurd is Vanessa not seeing Calvin's babysitting and trying to breastfeed a little. This pathetic attack on the soul of mankind is trying and unable to find humor in rape, scatology, sexual assault and pedophilia, but in an unfair attempt to make itself a "family entertainment". worsening sentiment and faulty morale. <br /> <br /> Brothers twilight are trying to release their stealing rape by showing that he had a "bad father". Darryl's repeated strokes on his feet allow Calvin to develop a loving father-son relationship that he and Darryl have always wanted. If it were not ridiculous, Calvin's attempts to sexually attack Vanessa somehow persuaded her that she had succeeded in herself perceiving a career and that she should play her life as a small woman who spends her time alternative to infant and cooking to her husband. <br /> <br /> In this film, Wayan's brothers have mixed their crass and twisted humor with the cliché sentimentality that has inflicted a lot of Hollywood's recent work. In addition, they are endemic to the generation of current black comics who are responsible for transforming African-American humor into a poor and sad ghost that moves over jokes and raw sexual gags. According to the rights, these two should not legally prohibit a camera similar to a camera. Unfortunately, the current artistic and moral bankruptcy of American cinema is that by the next month they will undoubtedly have filmed two sequences and made millions of dollars for sticky commodity transactions.
