[Contains spoilers !!!] <br /> <br /> Timon and Pumbaa watch Lion King. Timon decides to go back before the story begins. So they go back. Long ago. Back even before Simba was born. Back to Timon's old home, a mile from Pride Rock. The Mooradian Clan Run Underground to hide the hyenas. The clan's worst miner was pompous, self-centered meerkat called Timon. His mother was sorry for him, but Uncle Max just shook his head. Mother suggested to put Timon on conviction; Timon had dreams of a bigger and better place somewhere. It was then that the hyenas arrived at Shenzi, Bonzai and Ed, and died almost the uncle Max. It did it. The other mockers wanted Timon to go away when Timon left him. So she kissed her mom goodbye and started. He didn't come very far before he started home. Then he met Rafik, who taught him to look beyond what he saw. Timon had no idea what it meant, he continued and met with a warthog named Pumbaa, who was alone because of a flatulence problem. Then Timon and Pumbaa join, but Timon proclaimed acquaintances, not friends. had accumulated. What happened? Timon doesn't care. They pressed. Then Timon saw Rafik on Pride Rock, lifting up something he couldn't see. Then all the animals took the bow. Was it the honor of the new king's birth? No, Pumbaa had passed the gas and the animals worshiped their nose; Timon and Pumbaa are trying to choose new homes, but everyone is uncomfortable because it is incessantly singing or because of the hymns or the big woodland! Pumbaa and Timon are suddenly downstream. When they reach the ground, Timon decides to give up. But then they look around for their renewed paradise. It was beautiful: trees and water fall as far as the eyes saw. Timon named this place after the strange phrase he learned from Rafik: Hakuna Matata. Timon and Pumbaa leave one night when they suddenly got into Simba. They take him under his wing and become fathers. They teach him the art of error and roasting competitions. Pretty soon, the teenager will take Simba Timon in a snail slurping competition. Simba won, leaving Timon dead. <br /> <br /> One day, Nala, Simba's childhood friend, arrived. Timon and Pumbaa knew he was crushing friendship. Suddenly, Simba runs away. Nala and Pumbaa compete after him, but not Timon. He decided to stay with "Hakuna Matata" until Rafiki "spoke" in a sense, so he joins his friends in Pride Rock. Then Timon's mother and Uncle Max arrive. While Simba fights with Scar, her mother and Max dig a big hole to trap Hyenas Shenzi, Bonzai and Ed into the trap. Scar will soon fall into the same hole where he has eaten hyenas. Then its all right. Mother, Uncle Max, and the rest of the maidens live with Timon and Pumba in Paradise, which is Hakuna Matata. By now, Timon and Pumbaa will end the film when suddenly Mother, Uncle Max, Simba and Rafiki want to watch it again. Both Mickey Mouse, Donald Duck, Goofy, Snow White, Seven Dwarfs, Dumbo, Peter Pan, Lost Boys, Mad Hatter, March Hare, Genie, Aladdin and Jasmine. <br /> <br /> I have to say that Lion King 1/2 was not as good as I expected. It was too ridiculous and stupid. The original Lion King was a masterpiece. It was a serious story with a light comedy. It was just silly and its a look. I swear that sometimes Timon and Pumbaa just over-played. They are over-played, no longer funny, just annoying. The original voice is back: Nathan Lane Timonina, Ernie Sabella Pumbana, Matthew Broddrick as adult Simbana, Whoopi Goldberg Shenzi, Cheech Marin Bonzai, Edina Jim Cummings, Robert Guillame Rafikina. Julie Kavner from the TV series (The Simpsons), The Simpsons, has been re-cast as Timon's mother and Jerry Stiller as Uncle Max. So this movie is not Lion King III, and it's not II, because there is already II. It happens right after Part I and Part II is way off. So it's 1 1/2. In conclusion, I do not recommend dying for hard Lion King fans because it is too ridiculous and unnatural. But kids love it, so I recommend it to them. I hope this is also LAST Lion King's film. Two are enough. "Lion King 1 1/2". What we have been waiting for by Disney's successors. <br /> <br /> -
