The director and his team lead the insulated Beal Manor to make a small budget horror movie about the seven mysterious deaths that have occurred there in the last seven centuries. Even in the case of custodian alerts, the manager will not drive the allegedly damn house. One team finds a book called Tibetan Dead Book and uses one of its paragraphs for its script. But by doing so, when the red they raise the grave of their graves. <br /> <br /> The boring, confusing and sticky all that is rolled into one is equivalent to this insecure midnight horror production. What seems like eternity seems never to be ever going on or somehow effective on the basis of some good ideas. Even if the director Paul Harrison's messy, relaxed direction made a couple of fear, mood and atmosphere. But the laziness set it early. The whole film inside the film takes most of the film and at that point in time it is of great interest. It's not fun either. Think Bob Clark "Children should not play with dead things" (1972) "and now we are older actors in this regard. But I found that" Seven Corpses "is worse. The script is somewhat trimmed before it reaches drab, predictable and remains Also, things that contained limited quantities, but the dark, dark look of the manor house was a horrible air. Known b-cast presentations are mostly rigid. John Carradine speaks in small parts. John Ireland plays with a hot-headed director Faith Domergue's washed actress calls for attention and Charles Macaulay is hacking it. Slow grinding place passes through "ten small Indians" and your usual zombie setting. But that's not all that involves, even if it is hidden and supernatural. cemetery action without being overridden. When the purulent ghost makes its appearance? m, if it is very confusing, just like the inspired opening, ends up fun. In the meantime, it is constantly pushing forward. The continuity of many scenes is all non-existent and death scenes are more exciting and bloody (but really poorly performing) in the movie they do, what really happens to them when a zombie appears. General music scores trembling, but honest gothic clues and camera work is in a play without imagination. Shoot and frame. Shoot and frame. Work done. It's wrapping.
