This is the type of movie where it actually hurts to admit that it really sucks. I usually consecrate such things! At the beginning of the 70s, the floor building tends to have delightful audible titles and a low budget atmosphere at ROCK. The "Seven Corps House" seemed to have lost even more victory because it is a collection of great genres of veterans (including John Carradine, John Ireland and Faith Domergue) and shooting locations (title house, graveyard) is probably a very meaningful story of gloomy fear. The film opens with its absolute largest and most ghostly memorable sequence, although unfortunately they are the only ones who qualify as such. Credits are excellent assemblies that are hidden in color schemes and unsuccessful freezer frames that illustrate how the title house got its notorious reputation. The last seven owners were murdered mysteriously here, and credit assembly has its last moments beautifully. Someone falls under the balcony, shouts, the woman swears in his bath and the other female body hangs hanging from the ceiling and four more gruesome tables. Needless to say, the house is cursed and the uncomfortable behavior of the caretaker Mr. Price (Carradine) strengthens this reputation. In other words, the house is an ideal tournament for acclaimed director Eric Hartman (John Ireland) to shoot his devilish horror film project. The film's structure is what causes the "seven-house house" to be so boring and unchanging. Many movie materials are wasted on team members by placing film halves and dragging cables or? even worse ?? Faith Domergue and Charles Macaulay represent a terribly intolerant actor stereotype. Finally, the plot becomes a little interesting (just a little, remembering) when one character reads some groups from an occult book and randomly wakes up in the backyard of a rotten body. An asthmatic (judging by what he produces) the zombie leads the house slowly and kills the entire movie crew, recalling how the previous seven became dead. After about 60 minutes of driving time, the film suddenly becomes terribly strange and confusing. I'm still sure whether the final twist is related to the concept of reincarnation or just coincidence, and all the other characters seem unexpectedly going through great spiritual changes just before their death, for some reason. I'm sorry to say that "Seven Corpses House" is a pretty horrible movie. Locations and landscapes are gloomy cooling, but not nearly exhausted and there is serious bad bloodshed. Numerous low-budget 70s gems were amazingly large, so the lack of funds is no excuse and movie-movie-murders don't really count. Even always reliable veteran stars offer hammy performances and Harrison's direction is completely uninspired. It is not advisable if you think that a zero-wave four-and-a-half-minute game-opening credit is worth buying a copy.
