I have three comments on this movie that I discovered when I hung up on the bottom of Blockbuster. First of all, it is interesting to see how filmmakers are trying to film virtually unclear work. Some are, as Kubrick did with "Lolita", a script written by the original author, something similar to the original work. Of course, this cannot happen here; Kraft-Ebing has long died. Some have used the original work spaces as a starting point to go in a completely new, unrelated direction (the recent "Tristram Shandy" customization is here to remember). You can suppress it - The "Slaughterhouse Five" movie is, in my opinion, an example. Or you can just take the original form and try it in cinematographic vignettes. That would be Woody Allen's "Everything You Want To Know About Sex" approach and supposedly this movie. Considering this, it is probably the only thing you can do with scientific work like "Psychopathia Sexualis". The potential damage is that, regardless of the cumulative point, the original work was hidden or destroyed. And so it is here. <br /> <br /> Another point is the cinematic style. Some would call it "tribute" to Murnau, Pabst, Carl Dreyer, etc., but I think it is more of a raw material. Its too hard to handle and self-awareness to be effective for long. It's finally just annoying. <br /> <br /> The third point is perhaps less intellectual observation. How could people responsible for it make a movie about natural sexual abnormalities and perversion that are so incredibly boring? I found that it is not possible to pay attention to the film, and anyone who has not automatically moved to the image of sexual deviation will find it. I don't want to be completely unpleasant and say that the movie is useless, but I have to say that regardless of the point the filmmakers had, the nature of the source material, the public copying of the cinematic art, and the stubborn refusal. Involve the audience at an emotional level (perhaps the fear of being accused of titration). <br /> <br /> Film is undoubtedly an exercise from the beginning and doesn't really work for me, I'm sorry to say.
