Dreamgirls, despite Tony's dirty winning, wins in an incredibly weak year at Broadway, has never been what could be called a jewel in the stage-stage musical crown. However, this does not mean that the right cinematographic hands would not be able to supplement it and polished something valuable on the screen. Unfortunately, what's on the screen is basically a slavishly faithful version of a shock that has all its inherent weaknesses intact. First, the score has never been one of the strengths of this production, and the film does not change that factor. There are many songs (maybe too much?), But few of them are especially memorable. The closest memorable stories are the title song and just one night - much recognized and I'm telling you I'm not going to have a less good song than it is a dramatic collection for Effie's character (Jennifer Hudson). The film is shiny and technically well produced, but the story and characters are surprisingly thin and lack any resonance. The opening moments are interesting, looking at Jamie Foxx's Svengal-like leader manipulating his actions, but it will take the movie back in the last minute if it is conveniently captured by the villain, despite the film being commercially correct for most movies. Beyonce Knowles is lovely and sings her songs perfectly, but is stuck in the character who is basically the whole surface of the glitz. Anika Noni Rose as the third member of the Dreamgirl trio can literally do nothing for the whole movie. Eddie Murphy feels good as a singer who is obviously based on James Brown, but the role is not very muscular and ultimately has little effect. Foxx seems to be the ideal pain, but it looks strange and boring. The biggest selling point of the movie is definitely American Idol competitor / Oscar winner Jennifer Hudson, who is in the central role of Effie White. For me, Effie has always been a big problem with both the show and the movie. The film obviously wants you to feel bad and rather grasp your side, but I'm never sure this character deserves such dedication. From the beginning Effie mostly deals with an unpleasant, egoistic, self-centered god who is more interested in what everyone else can do for him, rather than having a lot of interesting groups in which he belongs. If he has been launched from the group for his unprofessional and bad attitude, the charges are more than just justified, but the performance / film seems to suggest that Effie should be limited indefinitely simply because he has a big voice. Although the film tries to soften some of the hardest edges of Effie, the charges are still cost-effective. His story becomes more manipulative, suggesting that he should have further compassion because he is an inadvertent mother who is trying to raise her daughter - using motherhood (like a talent card) to immediately apologize for her behavior. Indeed, the only great effort a film makes to show Effie's birth is to tell us about it and then add a scene where she cries out to her daughter at the unemployment office, asks the girl to have a "father" and then refuse to earn a good job to support them because singing is all he knows. The skillful actor could have had a gap with technology and charisma. Unfortunately, Hudson is not an actor. He sings well, but the dialogue-based moments do not come to him naturally or with high emotional moments. The moment of Effie signing (mentioned above and I tell you the number) is well sung by Hudson, but he works emotionally flat in the department. Effie should express his rage and despair, but Hudson comes out as a cabaret performer who pulls out a hot number. All in all, emotional highlighting is not expected. The last part of the film is a predictable melange of events that maneuvers Foxx into Hudson's earlier position and allows him to resign and master first. Foxx's crimes in the film are undoubtedly for many record-breaking record producers, but the seeming idea of ​​having the film coming up because he helped to introduce the disco era is quite ridiculous, not to mention the pretentious and embarrassing, especially of the origin of the film, which has the depth of the bottle. The end result is knock-out, which is emotional, energy or other dynamic.
