Before I start, I would like to say briefly that this film and, of course, all the actors involved, including Whittaker, who have really deserved his candidate, have done well and worked well. It's a lot of fun and. . . In FICTION's work in the right context, this is a very good film. To do this, I give him two stars. <br /> <br /> But instead of wasting your time with what you can read hundreds of times elsewhere, I want to emphasize instead the absolute fiction of this movie and how dangerous it is to sell people to fiction as if it were the truth. I emphasize that this film doesn't let the credit know somewhere that the main character, Dr. Nicholas Garrigan, is fiction. Rather, it represents the actual historical environment of the character and allows the uninformed viewer to assume that he is actually real, and what they see is the truth. I have no mix of problem and fiction - but in such an unfair question, it is literally understandable. <br /> <br /> There is no doubt that Africa, along with most of the Third World, is a country with suffering and suffering. Hollywood has long been trying to film the suffering of the people in these countries. But Hollywood also has eyes on making money. The only real way to get the suffering that seems to happen everywhere, but in the West is to experience it yourself, or at least collect it with an honest documentary. <br /> <br /> But these images of fictional characters in real historical conditions can only do so much. At the end of the day, they change less to present facts to the viewer to decide for themselves, and more about how to draw you from the picture to the picture and strike you out of shouting, "SEE, WE ARE YOU, HOW YOU ARE! An example of this is for anyone who wants to watch a documentary on a DVD after a movie. Probably the most shocking picture of the film is looking at the body of Idi's second wife, Kay Amin, which she killed when she discovered her loyalty. In the film, we can see that his limbs are cut and turned back (hands of the legs and vice versa). This is the director who understands that you understand that Amin is, as Gungans say, Bom-bad! But looking at the documentary, we know that this is not more than a myth that the health minister responsible for the session says to us is not true. <br /> <br /> That's right. . . what. . . do they just do these things? Why? Because Hollywood has a low opinion on our intelligence, why! They do not trust us to the right conclusion. Seeing that he was murdered and crushed is enough in itself to come to the conclusion that Amin was probably not a pleasant guy for the media - we don't need this inspired image of Texas CHAINSAW MASSACRE to strengthen it! And this is just the tip of the iceberg. What is not explained to the casual viewer is that the Garrigan flag itself is fictional. No young Scottish doctor was taken under Amin's wing. As such, Garrigan obviously exists only to help us understand the world of Africa by stupid people. Manufacturers seem to be not interested in a movie from Africa unless it has a white face. (Ironically, even the title is characterized by the American black actor!) The problem is that the film is no longer an exposition of Amin and his regime, but rather an exploitative thriller for a white western country that arrives in Africa for the wrong reasons, making several terrible mistakes and then "redeeming "itself, even at the cost of three other innocent lives. Frankly, I have to say that it is almost understandable that Mrs Amin's real tragic death is due to a fictional Scottish doctor - it seems to be a morbid joke almost for entertainment purposes! I really want Hollywood to stop us for our money. I first realized my tendency to do it by shaking the shamefully manipulating life of A BEAUTIFUL MIND, Ron Howard, and Akiva Goldsman John Nashi, a disgracefully manipulative one, which left a darker side to play only a tortured hero who America just can't get enough. The sad truth is that Hollywood has been selling these fakes to us for years, and viewers who are predictably and understandably too lazy to explore them, buy these fake shots, hooks and lines. <br /> <br /> Look, I definitely don't want to say that Amin has become a cab that he wasn't. My idea is that the truth is so shocking to convince us of brutality, why should Hollywood go to such obvious lengths? Why does Hollywood continue to offend us by keeping our hands on these films? Why don't they trust us to think of ourselves? Can't we just put honest images on the screen and let the audience decide for themselves? I invite everyone who continues to watch Hollywood's "real" movies to do it yourself when you study yourself, and NEVER assume that what is on the screen is even close to the truth!
