The performance of Forest Whitaker is all the more impressive because it is almost worth it to sit with this dreck. Historical fiction does not justify changing history. The absurdity starts from the ground up to James McAvoy's imaginative leading character. It is regrettable to create a fictional observer to give the reader a place to join in the book, but it is unfortunate that white people cannot just read a book without combining a white protagonist, but at least he was placed somewhat passive. Building a fake historical actor and crediting this fiction with exposing the world to Amin is irresponsible, lazy and stupid. Failure to do this is plausible or even sensible to just criminal and has opened the door to movies like what they're going to do as Leonardo DiCaprio's heroic Enron notifier, who is never. The logic of the world does not apply to this film, where a Scottish boy thinks he could sleep with the wife of a murderous dictator. This is not the case if the dictator's wife wants to sleep with some foolish irresponsible white boy. That's why the eternal one who sleeps, the irresponsible, the lofty white boy is sleeping, even if he has Gillian Anderson who ceases his claws. <br /> <br /> Allow me to say that I don't like James McAvoy. I'm not sure what he is, but I thought his Mr. Tumnus Narnias was horrible and pervy. I think Kerry Washington never sees him twice, so I can't believe that a powerful and dangerous man like Amin would endanger and lose his life. I don't believe him as a doctor and I just can't see the complaint. His character seems to be a lot of arrogance, if it makes sense, and trying to look at him as it is when shooting cows is ... this word is absurd again. Think about it, you look at all those signs that they would capture the incredible master artist and never had such a man there. <br /> <br /> Gillian Anderson looks incredible and sounds more British than most Britons. Whitaker gives high expansive magnetic performance and highlights its inconceivable Oscar talk about how much he acted. It is a shame that the film around him had no reason.
