"Women? They are all cleaners ...!" <br /> <br /> No, not a good translation; not at all! This is behind last year's "father's army", which was completely absent from the original small-screen trunk TV sitcom and leaving no big screen to play at all ... could just say that this movie is a good way to get Britain into the recession and more specifically than the British film industry * , which enters the recession. And that's hardly a recommendation, is it? To be an example of exhausting stupidity ... <br /> <br /> Everything that remains after the TV's original fatigue has been surgically removed by Cliff Owen, Galton and Simpson: endless, broken musical tips. Ron Grainer's theme ... reinforced sentimentality (this dirty, thick at the end of the ear ... how much more daring is another Steptoe movie in comparison) the increased abundance - the director and the writers who seem to be completely separated - completely apply something like 1973 "missions" that are "wrong monstrosity" (your really on this site). There is a strange botched, cut-adrift tone on the scene where Harold is beaten in a rugby club that I partially hate and recoil it (so far, as a friend intimated, from the mood of the TV series ...), but it seems at least the original incline and symbolizes the tensions that just rise in 1972 in the UK! ... However, there is an indirect prostitute who is a "gold-heart" who turns away from a woman - a driver's evil bad bullet "class" element archive and non-caricature writing; not to mention surprisingly wrongly reported performances, mostly from double instructions. Brambell and Corbett come together with a manuscript and can't really cure this important ham. What would Anthony Aloysius Hancock do about it all? I just agree that a few moments of almost work - mostly those where G&S plays a little more carefully and B & C touches the nerves of the bidders - and that is not a general thing. <br /> <br /> But and how this pain tells me: it's tiring, boring, both deliberately separated from reality and what made the TV series big, and also fully tuned from Misogn "fuck it, it ... "The reality of a large number of what was allowed to pass through the mainstream movies making in the UK.
