Okay, let me testify once more that I haven't seen any other Merchant Ivory (distributor) movie. Also, I have not seen any more driver-marked work, so my ability to discuss my own analysis before the crisis has been mitigated. With this entrance let me start. <br /> <br /> Before the rain there is a different film that doesn't know what genre he wants to be. At first it pretends to be romance. In most novels, the main character loves the supportive character, separates from the supporting character and is (sometimes) connected to his partner. The hero of this movie has already won the heart of his lover, but he can't be with him. His name is Henry Moores and his name is Saja, and they live in Raj (British Imperial Rule) in southern India. Henry has been away from London for a long time and has fallen in love with his marriage to an Indian girl, despite her legal marriage and her child abroad. What could be better? Often they steal intimate afternoons until some children notice them. The word spreads to Saja's husband, who doubts his involvement with Moores. He denies any contact with him, but Moores asks him to leave the area. Saja refuses for his dedication and commits suicide. Note that these events take place in the third in the film. The film changes the tone and becomes the final part of the criminal drama. The alleged perpetrator is Moores' educated assistant T.K. T.K. knows his master's thing, but silences until his life becomes threatened. If he is found innocent, he will try to get his honor back by killing Moores. T.K. it is too nervous and leaves it on the dirt when the rain falls. <br /> <br /> I want to warn you, it's not a romantic movie. The DVD cover and theater posters show the Indian woman and Caucasian man who is in an ideal tropical setting. This image is captured directly from the movie, but disappears quickly. Then it's over. It seems to be trying to take advantage of Western detention for banned love. It is not at all effective. The film is not only romance, but its characters have no personality. These are bundles of walking blocks. Moor is a lofty white man who does not know the intelligence of his Indian friend T.Ki. T.K. has been violated between his own heritage and his educational background. There is still a woman who cannot choose in her romantic life. Oh, and of course Moores' family is curious about Sajani's death, but still racist with the Indians. If the tone was not so serious, I would be willing to forget these problems, but that is not the case. The film is illustrated by a didactic book that highlights the development of its poor character. <br /> <br /> No, this movie is not terrible. Apart from the ridiculous scenario, it is not poor. All the participants are experienced and well here. Nandita Das, playing Saja, was part of the wonderful Indian drama Water. Even Director Sivan has an impressive track record. Recently, he watched terrorism as part of Roger Ebert's Great Movies collection. What happened here? Why is this movie so bad? Well, Sivan mentioned how he was inspired to lead this movie because he saw a red roof in Israel. Apparently, this story was "timeless" and Sivan tried to create a similar experience in India in the 1930s. I have no problem with this approach, but I think Sivan may be too motivated this time. Actors, cinematography, and design are acceptable, but if you don't share Sivan's aura, you probably don't enjoy it. My suggestion is that you expect that you are not compatible with it and look at something else. Final consensus: * and ½ out *****
