I understand after looking at it for the first time, how it is considered to be one of the worst of Laurel & Hardy. For me it is not as bad as "Air Raid Wardens" and "Bullfighters", but it has some definite big flaws. The film is designed to show the owners and tutors of the Laurel and Hardy dance studio. Hardy is funny as a London bridge dance surrounded by 20th century Fox stars, while in the next room Laurel teaches beginners ballet wearing ballerina clothes. The clumsy carpenter lets the floor glue, resulting in a predictable gag where Hardy gets loose. Then there are racketeers who now sell the insurance cover that covers their bumper. One of them is very young and beautiful Robert Mitchum. But not sooner, when they persuade the guys to buy insurance, they are arrested. <br /> <br /> This is the end of the gangsters and the last time we see the dance studio. The rest of the film is dedicated to the support of Laurel and Hardy for the rich patron Trudy Marshall and his inventor, Robert Bailey. First of all, they try to help them hide their relationship with their abandoning parents (Matt Briggs and Margaret Dumont) and the hopeful mouth of Allan Lane, whom we can say right now, is a good pig. This leads to the appearance of the Briggs hidden bar at Dumont and the Gag, where the rug is literally drawn from a wealthy patriarch that falls into its pond below the bed. When Bailey uses boys to help show his quick gun, there is a hell. The death-pan-butler tells Case and Dumont that their house is a fire. <br /> <br /> Later, Hardy wants to use an insurance policy to get money for her dance studio rent and hopes Laurel will break it. There is no reference to the fact that the insurers were gangsters and that the policy would probably be invalid. (Even if they had become legitimate insurance sales, they would have been canceled after the arrest). Laurel comes out of the bus, whose driver had given up the supposedly rabid dog (covering only the coating, Toto-looking cake, or maybe the real pooch) that caused Oliver's roller roller, which has somehow come in, fitting his wheels completely into the tracks. Roller-wheels can be exciting, as shown by "Abbott and Costello" Go to Hollywood, and it's amusing but anticlimactic. <br /> <br /> When the story breaks, it seems that not all of them have the impression that it was just one of the rullers put together to make a full-length feature, hopefully a double bill. L&H, as I mentioned in other reviews of his later films, had lost much of his luster after leaving Hal Roach, but surprisingly, they don't look as old and tired as they were in the same films of the year. If the gags hadn't been as entertaining as some of the other movies, it would definitely be "3" instead of "2".
