For those Laurel and Hardy fans, the 1940s and beyond was a very sad time for the team. Their contracts with Hal Roach's studios had ended and now they were "free agents" - they could work in any studio that offered them work. Unfortunately, Fox, RKO, MGM (without roachita) and even the French film company that hired boys had no comedy talents. In addition, Stan and Ollie were much older and saw that the geriatric men who train were sad, not particularly funny. Stan seemed very dirty and Ollie's weight had blown up to the point where he barely walked - and it made me feel smile for his very, very soothing looting. <br /> <br /> This particular film suffers because Fox Studios casts them in a strange supporting role and created a parallel plot involving a young couple - something that reduced their time on the screen and turned them into uncomfortable "hangovers" instead of themselves to be. Cute and cuddly Stan and Ollie are very old for the 20s and 30s old Laurel and Hardy - and just seemed terribly strange and bad for them. <br /> <br /> Now, even by their age, it may have been a decent movie if he had been given proper correspondence and when it seemed that the studio cared - and it is quite obvious that they used B units here - at best with second class support. There's very little to laugh at, and the last 10 minutes of the movie are just terrible - relying only on a sloppy backward projected screen for a foolish chase scene that can just be one of the worst of its own film history. <br /> <br /> For Laurel and Hardy's moody zombie lovers, this is probably the movie they love. But for lovers of the team who are ready to honestly evaluate the film compared to their amazing previous movies, it just comes up really. In fact, I can't think of my full-length films before 1940 that I liked less than DANCING MASTERS. Unfortunately, films from post-1940 may be one of their best. Unfortunately, it got much worse - sad movies like big noise and nothing but not. I just want the guys to have just retired from SAPA after SEA. <br /> <br /> Finally, do I think all of the generally positive reviews of this film on the IMDb film can reflect the love of the reviewers for the team more than the indication is it a good movie? If the audience is not already in love with the team, I do not know how this film does anything but carried it to the audience - certainly no one convinces Laurel and Hardy were comic geniuses. But even comedic geniuses need material worthy of their talents.
