This film uses all the clichés of artistic buildings (slow pace, long static shots, minimal dialogue) to try to hide the fact that nothing really is worth it here. lead) or cliche (character of Tersteeghe) and they do not talk to each other about their endless life. At the heart of the film is a woman who discovers her husband's adultery. Instead of confronting him, he accepts his own adultery. After fighting and reconciling his sister - who knew about adultery without telling her - she asked her husband to prevent her. They seem to be reunited as a family. Two other stories - the planned move of a woman's father with her younger husband to Guernsey and a competition with her sister - do not offer interesting developments. The suicide of a woman's colleague, which seems to be deducted from the film, is not a matter in itself. By 2005 - or any other year - it's not enough to make an interesting movie. <br /> <br /> Moreover, the little possibilities for dramatic development in the script are not used or deliberately avoided, as if both the woman and her sister celebrate a particular piece of furniture in their parent's house, which is supposed to be sold due to its planned movement. Both sisters want this particular piece and their rivalry in the past - much more important things than furniture: men - it can theoretically lead to confrontation. Or the question may be solved by one sister who is giving her another. In either case, this story would not be very interesting or an initial development, but at least it would be some development. The film clearly states this situation (both sisters look closely at each other while tagging, and one sister who mentioned that she did not want to pull her shoulders), but it deceives us from any resolution: the scene just ends and how it - in itself pretty harsh and materialistic - the question is solved, not shown. <br /> <br /> Although the film's dialogue is almost completely absent, it is embarrassing and flat. For example, if during a Guernsey visit, two sisters turn to their rivalry, this is a three-line dialogue with a childish "yes, that's - no, it's not". The battle and reconciliation scene with the two sisters is completely dialogueless - it gives a very artificial, too stylized and unrealistic impression and greatly reduces its impact. The way a woman finally - finally! - Addresses the spouse's adultery in a single line of dialogue that must be seen as believing - and at the same time incredible. The man does not seem to have any noticeable reaction, or if he does, it is not shown. The woman does not mention her adultery to her husband. A woman, her husband, and their young son, looking at the scene viewed by the sister, are likely to be for a happy purpose, but the way the characters deal with their life problems before is unlikely. > <br /> Because of the slow pace, the uninteresting story, the absurd lack of guidance and dialogue, I found this film to be an example of anything that might be wrong with the art house movie and the total waste of time.
