Slither is a horror comedy that doesn't really have enough horror or comedy to qualify for one or the other. This is one scene that is exceptionally good, any number of zingers that work, but very few real fears and not enough humor to keep the movie. In addition, the script does not focus on the hero and the heroine and extinguishes in several places. <br /> <br /> The main failure of this movie is that it introduces and then leaves the hero (Fillion) to follow Grant Grant (Michael Rooker) when he is first introduced and then becomes a monster. This whole part of the movie - the character of Michael Rooker is not interesting to us as a person and looking at how he acts in the interests of a monster is interesting if it were Grant - Portrait of Man Turning to a monster rather than a horror comedy alien invasion film. Ultimately, the problems in this movie are scripted - it doesn't matter to the audience how the monster works or spreads. The purpose of horror comedy is to get the heroes in a corner equipped with shotguns and then throw them away because every time something terrible or disgusting happens, it breaks down. Instead, we look at the alien's habits and tactics that just make it part of the film. The visible heroine (Elizabeth Banks as Starla Grant) is at the center of this part, but I felt that the film had left her narrative track unless she intended to follow Grant Grant's end. <br /> <br /> When Fillion and his posts finally end up against an alien, he starts eating the movie, but again there is a problem with the script. By that time, the audience - and the characters should know - that Grant is not just a few illnesses and acts accordingly (shotguns) - instead of constantly growing, there is growing evidence that this is not something that "let us get you get to the hospital "helps. Though their reactions might have been human and real, they are characters in the character film, and should simply have done what the film promised - an action. The lack of active scenes in the movie with so few ideas as it is a great failure. <br /> <br /> *** SPOILERS AHEAD *** After the first confrontation and burst of alien litter bag (minor character and best movie scene), the script repeats the movie. Here the alien takes almost one character and develops an alien. As a sign, the writer-director (Gunn) chooses a completely new character, not one of the small characters already developed. Why? Why did he need a brand new character for more than an hour in a movie that becomes the center of the plot? By the time this character is attacked, we know nothing about him and he can care less for him, although he is a charming teenage girl in the bath. If Gunn had chosen not to use that sign and simply used some of the small characters he had set, he could have completely prevented his family from introducing himself and saving time and money. In addition, the hero and heroine would have been filled with aliens without additional letters and could have blown aliens faster and more forcefully. <br /> <br /> My latest criticism is based on the film's appearance. Gunn is mostly a writer or maybe it was a budget constraint, but this movie seemed ugly and uninteresting. Most of the operations take place in the forest in the night or in the field, and the drab can be seen on the screen. The Wheelsy set (the fancy city where the action takes place) looks cheap. The whole movie looks cheap. Box Office Mojo claims that the film budget was $ 15 million, newspapers say $ 29 million, and given that they did not use any talents, I would say that the money did not appear on the screen. The monster is just reluctant and rarely looks lethal. <br /> <br /> The last criticism is based on the reality of the character. By the time Fillion and Co have started hunting for Grant / Alien, one woman is lost and Grant is known to be a distortion of animals. Here I waited for the FBI, or at least the state police, to show and take over the hick from the Sheriff. The woman is lost and probably murdered and the local has been psychotic. Time to call the authorities. But basically I hoped it would happen because I just wanted some characters to show up and ACT. <br /> <br /> Although this movie is probably a horror comedy, it is the film that is most similar. the monster invasion and the type of monster and its intentions. When Dreamcatcher had many more problems with the story (especially the entire Morgan Freeman subplot) and especially the ending, it was stronger in many ways, mainly because the main characters were stronger, but more importantly, because it seemed beautiful. Although it may be anatema - preferring a film that is weaker due to production values ​​due to the general plot and the structural backbone - it shows you how uninteresting I found the appearance of Slither.
