This movie does me. It may be that I'm just a stupid American, but I really just can't get 400 blows. All I read about this movie has been a complete rave, but I just couldn't be interested. I'm sure it was so revolutionary in cinema as all critics say, but when it boils down to it, it's just really boring. Maybe it's a language barrier, I'm not just "sensitive" or "artistic" enough, but whatever the case, I hated this movie. The story itself is not bad; it is a young French boy who is treated unfairly by his parents and his teachers, and eventually he comes to minors. This in itself should be interesting and it was at first. There was nothing wrong with the dialogue, but then it is hard to say that half of the conversations were not subtitles and for no apparent reason, so I didn't always know what was going on. But for the dialogue we understood, it made sense. The actors were credible enough, but it is hard to say what a real person would do in such situations. So you feel the main character, but only in the sense that when it gets in trouble it sucks well. The plot is not even your typical plot. Every time he gets in trouble, he gets more trouble than the last time, but the causes never change too much. And through the film, you realize that the main character can't do anything about it. So it's more like just waiting to see how it ends. By the way, the end was completely over my head. It's too artificial for me and I just didn't get it. Getting to the end was easy enough to follow. This structure was certainly there and it was also reasonable, but it was really pulled out. For dialogue and important moments, the film would have been an hour shorter. It just didn't end. Some of this was unnecessarily long shots, none of which was particularly memorable; for example, the end was a clip of the final character running down a thirty-second highway. Now, I am sure that in some sense it had a somewhat deeper meaning, but for the average viewer I would have had more food during this time. Or at least doing something a little more useful than sitting and watching this boy rolling like doing his laundry or sleeping. <br /> <br /> Final Decision <br /> <br /> The feeling of the whole movie was that it would probably be very moving and just amazing and it would teach me a great life lesson if I could only get what the director was trying to do to say? unique decisions. As it was, I just felt my life of two hours of fraud.
