This movie, or "four-hour shot" is a false translation. Faire les 400 coup means "live" in the wild. Like a Frenchman, I'm stunned when I see the popularity of this product, but in no way an outstanding film. 1.This is not the first film of the "nouvelle vague" movement, see Agnes Varda "la pointe courte", (1956) Alain Resnais 'Hiroshima mon amour' (1958), Claude Chabroli's "le beau serge" (1958) is a Historically "les 400 coup". 2. "Nouvelle vague" was sometimes worthwhile and difficult for their predecessors: Overnight, Julien Duvivier, Henri-George Clouzot, Claude Autant-Lara, Yves allégret and many others were condemned to forget. This selfishness and this contempt is usually "nouvelle vague" . You have never heard (or read) the great generation of the thirties (Renoir, Carné, Grémillon, Duvivier, Feyder) laugh, say, Maurice Tourneur or Max Linder.So, thanks to Truffaut and cooperation Some people never find some of the French fifties or forties (Duvuvier 'sous le ciel de Paris', Autant-Lara 'douce', Yves Allégret 'une si jolie petite plage' and 'manèges'). went so far that William Wyler, Georges Stevens and Fred Zinemann were worthless! 3. "Les 400 coups" are technically quite disappointing: it is very academic, the story is as linear as possible, teachers are cartoons, and mother Claire Maurier offers such memorable features as you have to be in French in 1960 to understand how ridiculous it is): Well, your dad just got his brevet (junior school diploma) and for me I have only my high school diploma! In 1960, HSD was barely 10% of students in France! Antoine Doinel should have been proud of her mother, she wants her to have diplomas that accuse her? 4. Compared to the "Hiroshima mon amour" innovations, which have a completely new form and new "fragmented" content, "les 400 coups" are important. and Jim, which was unparalleled by Jeanne Moreau 5. Interpretation is quite stiff, Jean-Pierre Léaud, who may have been dubbed in English, is still decent, but soon comes down to the most affected by his generation. better days before (Julien Duvivieri's "Poil de carotte", Luis Bunueli "los olvidados") and after that (Maurice Pialat's "l'enfance nue", Kenneth Loachi "Who") do not want to lower Truffu, his film is not bad, but frankly, the French film fans "Jules and Jim" prefer "l'enfant sauvage" (a film that is honest, true and commercially uncompromising) "l'argent de poche" (as academic as "400 coup", but much more funny), or his nice hitchcock pasty "vivement dimanche". <br /> <br />
