This is Frank Zappa's axiom that "music journalism is for people who can't write to interviewers who can't talk to people who can't read." If you need evidence that musicians can't speak, it's a movie for you. Repeated attempts at depth will stumble upon themselves to arrive at monosilic comments that have been presented with the awestruck voice: "Wow". (Thank you, Idris Muhammed.) This film is pretentious, but even though much of Youssou N'Dour's and his joyful gang (and one symbolic wife )'s Christmas feast, music saves the day. <br /> <br /> The main idea of ​​the film (which I take as the main idea that has been deepened in the intuitive commentary) is interesting. Collect a group of musicians from America and Europe and take them on a journey through various slavery and musical styles, back to their roots in West African music, and a concert in the ancient slave town of Gorée Senegal. We are treated with the gospel, blues, jazz and their variations, including some fantastic drums in New Orleans and Senegal. There are also many N'Dour's own compositions. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, this is another weakness. It is never quite clear what N'Dour himself wants to achieve. To some extent, the film seems to be an exercise in the promotion of the N-Dour part. She wants to play her music, play a little jazz and perform in a bunch of admiring musicians. He's obviously a little embarrassed about this, and with the early film, he gets the blessings of the curator of the Gorée Museum. <br /> <br /> The clash between different agendas occurs in many other places. For example, someone probably felt that the black music story could not be said without the gospel choir, but N'Dour and most of his associates are Muslims (repeatedly throughout the film). The entire early sequence of black Christians is uncomfortable and then they disappear from the story until a close harmony group (the only black Christians with a tone?) Appear at the end of the film in Dakar. (To be honest, they appear triumphantly and perform the best in the film.) If the black music story has to nod to the gospel, why not Latin America too? Where are the Caribbean and Brazilian Black Musical Effects? Samba? Reggae? Then there is Europe. Here it seems that the black diaspora has not created any caliber musicians, because N'Dour decides to compose an Austrian guitarist and trumpet player from Luxembourg. Are they in the team just because N'Dour has played with him before? What I personally found the most irritating was a long series of attempts to restore some of the 60's victory / black power / Islamic culture in New York, Amir Baraka's home (Leroi Jones). People's hearing speaks of "knowing your history" and then of the next soul that keeps ignorance. Why do many African-Americans think that taking the Arabic name is the claim of their African roots? And why do they think Arabic Islam is so admirable as European Christianity? Who do they think they were trading with African slaves? The film does not have much to say about the situation in West Africa nowadays, when "current conditions" are due to all the lightest and finest that have been sent out over 300 years. Senegal seems to be a poor but happy, musical talented nation, friendly and friendly, respecting its parents (and not above the visiting Americans in the fish market). Is it an ethnic stereotype or just my imagination? The armed guard has no comment that N'Dour and the camera team need a queue for opening in the streets of Dakar. <br /> <br /> The film also has a strong impact. The slaves from Dakar came from Dakar. Evidence of the style of drumming and the style of Senegalese folk patterns is cited as evidence for the people of New Orleans. The last thing the slaves heard before sending them was drumming their homeland, offering them goodbye. Except, of course, the Dakar's slaves didn't come from Dakar. The Senegalese coastal area was imprisoned or trafficked by the interior and sold to merchants currently possessed by Gorée in the European fortress. The Dakar people are not the descendants of the Africans who fled the slave trade, they are just as likely? rather ?? to be the descendants of those who sold their black brothers to slavery and exile. <br /> <br /> The two agendas collide again in the last part of the movie. There are two different ends. On the one hand, there is a concert that N'Dour and Co have been doing and they make in the courtyard of the Gorée slave fortress. The other end is when Harmony Harmoneers sings in the spiritual "Back Glory", in the doorway of the slave fortress. It moves deeply, even if it's hard to believe that performance is as spontaneous as it appears. <br /> <br /> This is a movie that is broken. The vague story he is trying to say and pull in different directions. Irritating, confusing, beautiful and emotional. Watch it (listen to it) for music and feelings, but don't wait for enlightenment or intellectual rigor.
