I loved "Frankenstein's Curse" so much that I hurried to get "Frankenstein must destroy" to see it again in Cushing ... even if it was without Chistopher Lee this time. To my great disappointment, this film is not just about Lee, but without Franken's monster! Was it "If we don't get Lee, we don't have a monster at all"? Why would they do that? The monster is all the fun! This film is dedicated only to Baron Franken's investigation and his endeavors to put an end to the attempts made in brain transmission before reaching refuge. I found the script to be extremely weak, with the need to stop the audience too much. I'm ready to stop the fair amount, but this movie was pretty ridiculous, which took me out of the movie instead of putting it on me. <br /> <br /> Peter Cushing, however, is absolutely brilliant in this movie. Being one of the most loved actors and notorious men, he can very well play intimidating and malicious. Supporting casting is competent, but has little work, even a young doctor, and extortion of his bride to Frankenstein. A worshiping police commander is being presented with his bonding kick to create a comic relief, then they have completely fallen out of the movie! Why? We believe the police chief is the main baron in the baron, so we believe this is a young doctor, and then he will be the victim of the Frankenstein brain transfer attempt. There were no tensions, we didn't invest in a "creature" and the end was so unclear to leave one dissatisfied because it is so clear that they create a second order. <br /> <br /> There are practically no "horror" elements. Yes, at the beginning there is a peeling (in the camera), and we are treated with Cushing's horns that cut off two men's skulls (again out of the camera) and are the most terrible and profoundly unnecessary rape (90% of which is off camera). I understand that we have the love to "let the public imagine everything because their imagination is much worse than what we can show" but come on if you don't intend to give us a Monster, at least let us see some "terrible" "The elements you decide to add. Showing a skeleton illuminated with green light is not just scary. <br /> <br /> After a weak script, I thought the controls were mostly flat. There were a couple of nice shots, but there was no excitement, no atmosphere, no intercourse. The same director made "Curse" back in 1958 and I thought it was a great target ... I think he was with this movie like it was, as I was. <br /> <br /> The movie will be given to me in 4 out of 10 by Peter Cushing's powerful, nuanced performance ... after that, I found it a little recommended in this movie. Instead, my suggestion is to look at "Frankense Curse" and see a really great Hammer horror film.
