"His priestly lover" is Norma Shearer's latest film. She finished the movies and I think she joined the board of directors of MGM. It was a good step for him. "His cardboard lover" was sympathetic and boring. It was obvious that there were only a handful of participants with the parts of the talk, so they had a lot of dialogue to keep this turkey. The story was a good idea for a rich woman (Norma Shearer) who hired a man (Robert Taylor) to make her playboy groom (George Sanders) jealous. I'm surprised that director George Cukor did not cut many talking scenes between Shearer and Mr. Taylor. Mr. Cukor served Mrs Shearer well in "The Women" but not in this movie. <br /> <br /> Robert Taylor gave the best results. During his career as a Taylor, he was given his best comedy roles in his film and "When Women Meet" in 1941. In 1942 he gave his best comedy at "His Cardboard Lover" and until then his best dramatic performance "Johnny Eager." He had a quick year. I think all MGM actors, Mr. Taylor, worked with all the big and small actors in the game. MGM also gave Mr. Taylor all kinds of films, most of which were successful. That's why MGM kept him for 25 years. <br /> <br /> Mr. George Sanders was very good at communal. He played a similar role eight years later "All About Eve", for which he won the Oscar support role. As for Mrs Shearer, it was one of her worst performances, she was not funny and too dramatic for this comedy. It is strange that he made a great comedy "Women" in 1939 and gave him the best result. It was obvious that he was too old to find his younger leading men, "His priestly lover." Nor does it help that some of her clothes were terrible. <br /> <br /> It is too bad that he and Mr. Taylor did not make another dramatic movie, like the last movie together, the excellent "Escape". The same comment about this movie can be said about another movie "Personal Property", which Mr Taylor did in 1937 with Jean Harlow. It was too talkative, boring and the actor was old. Mrs Harlow watched the whole movie sick and no one in Hollywood noticed her being told to see a doctor so she died at the age of 26 in 1937. He was becoming a good actor and better roles.
