Even in 1942, the film production standards that CARDBOARD LOVER presented were extreme. The couples of the couples (husband, wife / spouse) to get to another marriage, divorce or possible departure by jealousy, humiliation or other schemes were in a class like HIS GIRL Friday and PHILADELPHIA STORY made much better. Both films have women whose screen is strong and terrible, and who have played independent proto-feminist signs. In both films, both women were strangers / divorced from their (witty) first spouses and decided to marry the colorless men who were exactly the opposite, and both would be forced to reject their soon-to-be husbands and blame their passion for each other. <br /> <br /> ATTENTION: Turns off sex: here is Norma Shearer Cary Grantis, this time to prevent former boyfriend (George Sanders). hiring Robert Taylor to put his gigolo. The problem is that Shearer is too old to play a role that is more suited to acting as an actor in the mid-twenties; Sanders is most concerned with the piece of furniture - every person who would fall in love with his fiancé, seeing a strange man out of his bathroom, as happens here, knocking out the lights and causing a big scene. Not here. And Robert Taylor plays his role as he tries to direct Cary Grant to time, not to speech restrictions, but to the general essence. <br /> <br /> But the worst part is Shearer himself. For the actress who used the parts that gave her intellectual sexuality and dramatic presence, it seems that playing Consuelo Craydon puts her in perfect overcrowding, survival, and superfluous factors, which, while being part of her style ten years of activity and more appropriate, makes her look appearance an extremely fashionable performer, turning fun from a situation like water from a rather dry sponge. It only heats up a fire that says the theory that gives Irving Thalberg his role as a career maker and (most of his) roles; why he passed on such roles as Charlotte Vale and Mrs. Miniver mega-credit to NOW VOYAGER and MRS. MINIVER is a mystery, but again, most accounts also claim that by that time he had just acted so that he lost interest in the whole thing and it is no secret that anyone who has experienced such a thing has essentially lost focus and can't wait until retiring. leaving or ending the contract as soon as possible. This situation can be here. He seems to have disappeared, he seems to be tired, he seems sick, passes through an autopilot instead of living. After that film he didn't do any more, but would be responsible for discovering Janet Leigh, who would have come to him in the late 40s and 60s.
