Welcome to the Cold Class 50 Pack of 17 films. Where we see it is right. Another movie that makes no sense. Seriously, this movie was so confused at the end, I thought I had recast: "At Dawn they sleep." The plot seems easy enough ... well that it's up to 3 seconds in a movie where a girl allegedly killed a cat and then ... um ... explodes? I have no idea what happened. and it was BEFORE TITLE SCREEN. It's really sad when I can't even say what happened in the first 3 minutes. something somewhere. so we get there, but not until someone steals his jeep to drive it 200 feet to the city. suspicious? skin. they decide to stay in this abandoned village with an old lady. and then the blah blah stuff happens and blah blah talks. The carpet boy goes into the fog for some reason, though the old lady doesn't tell her. He is lost and finds his way back. <br /> <br /> Oh, I forgot to mention that all this is incredibly meaningless for 20 minutes when they stay home, looking like this buggy-eyed man. casablanca. Then they leave. There's no point in this scene. It's really just cushioning. if you cut it off, no one would have noticed or cared. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, this was the best part of the movie. wait. let me reformulate it. Unfortunately, this was the best part of the movie. because the rest is so confusing that I have to look for IMDb to find out what happened. But of course no one else knows I'm SOL. Seriously, the last 30 minutes of the movie were some of the most filmed moments. They dressed him in clothing, he was kidnapped and freed, he ran back to the house, and at the end there are witches in the house and it ends? seriously. I've hardly ever been so confused about the film. I mean, as bad as movies like "Robot War" are at least those that make SENSE. this film does not even make ATTEMPT uniform. the end was as confusing as the "bedtime" at the end and the plot was much more boring. This movie gets just 1 just "I have no idea what happened in this movie". "Witches mountain" gets 10 confusions from the filmmaker.
