I couldn't understand much of this movie and no one else could get it based on other reviews. The opening picture of this movie has almost nothing to do with the rest of the story. In this big mustache photo journalist cancels her vacation away from her girlfriend. She is set to take pictures of mountains. It is being haunted, but I couldn't tell if she heard it from her boss or later from the movie. On her roads she meets a beautiful writer (Patty Shepard) and persuades her to join her on a business trip. Throughout the film, this is a terrible music score that consists mainly of noisy songs that make you shout "SHUT UP ALREADY !!!" What a person really strikes is that the film always looks good, though it is never. There is a beautiful mountain range and some really creepy atmosphere. County and quiet, abandoned old buildings scattered in the mountains are quite dangerous. Door nights look real, not like someone who put an artificial mist on the machine. And the idea, though not original, had the potential. But it will never improve, at least not enough to value it. Here's how it goes, more or less. They stay at this inn, led by a strange inn (you think he is called Igor) with a hearing problem. There's a scene where the writer thinks the peeping tom is in his window, but the scene is so dark, I had no idea what was going on. Whether it was bad lighting or bad movie delivery is not known to me. In any case, we never know what happened. There's a scene where he walks at night. It has never been explained whether he is in sleep or what the title witches are hidden. Another scene that is never explained is when their car is stolen, then there's something stolen again. They will end this apparently deserted mountain village, the only resident of which is this seemingly kind old man. There are other things, including a chained wild man who has never been explained, an attempt to sacrifice the writer in some way (whether they kill him or rinse him as a joiner?), Witches himself, a number of brown women in white, who doesn't show the movie for the last 15 minutes and whose practices and beliefs have never been explained. Even the end scene doesn't make any sense. When everything is said and done, most people say, "Huh?"
