Saying this movie is extremely difficult to follow and just so depressing that you sit very lightly. Also saying that the current print is dark, harsh, scratched, abysmically edited, painfully duplicated, seemingly censored, and almost flawless is also right. This film is indispensable for good remodeling, uncut, original negative, and seeing how it is sensible to the atmosphere (and winning the director's prize at the Catalan Film Festival) may be worth the effort. And again, maybe not ... In the current situation, it's just impossible to tell what movie it really is. It starts quite interesting when you can leave a completely useless pre-credit order, which includes the kidnapping of a robbed cat, Gerda, a snake-loving little girl. The girls' mother, Carla (Mónica Randall, who would have had to drop a little eyeliner), splashed some gasoline around the garage and pulled the blast. It seems as bad as the young Gerda that he visits his foreign photographer (ex?) Boy Mario ("John" / Cihangir Caffari). She is on vacation, but so desperate that she can get away from Carla so she puts her employers to assign her a task ... any task. He strikes "You apologize!" when he guides the door. Well, Mario has been set to shoot the "witch mountain" (somewhere in the Pyrenees, I believe). Before he reaches his destination, he sees a hottie on the beach of Delia (Patty Shepard) and sees a few pictures of his bikini elevation. Just looking a little, he claims he is one writer, two flirt and then decides that it would be an expanding idea when traveling with the mountains together. When they stop in place to pack their bags, Mario suddenly hears the music. Delia claims she's just listening to things. <br /> <br /> So two start their journey to the hill, staying at a local inn to spend the night. There, they face a strange, partly deaf, mad-eyed inn (Victor Israel) and Delia claims that someone was a spy through the window. The next day he rides up a hill under a trance, and finally ends up by Mario, who is out of hops and starts after him. Although he discovers what is happening, somebody steals their wheels, and they are forced to walk into pieces, eventually finding Jeep under an uninhabited small, old, seemingly abandoned village ... almost like anyone deliberately trying to attract them there. Well, as we see, it's just what happened. In the village, they experience a friendly old woman named Zanta (Ana Farra) who says she is the only person who lives there and lets them stay at home. Mario takes some pictures of the "abandoned" city and when he develops them, they are very pleased. Slightly slipped, she and Delia are going to leave and stuck in a stalemate and they have to stay overnight and stay overnight. The rest of the film is about voodoo dolls, black cats who become sexy women, satanic rituals women put on their braids, and deadly falling rocks. And yes, by chance, Carla, a stranger, is also one of the sorcerers. It all happens in half-darkness and, frankly, I didn't know what hell usually took. The vague "open" end is just an additional face that someone has to suffer from this pointless mess. <br /> <br /> Frankly, there are only a few things that seem to me to be very good. The first is the actress Shepard, who has such a great, dark, mysterious beauty of Barbara Steele. There's also a great music score (credited to Fernando Garcia Morcillo) and singing songs that helped immensely in changing the film into the atmosphere. Location work is quite decent, but as I said, the print is ugly, if it can be, and it doesn't make sense to lick, so proceed with caution.
