In Europe it is known as Who fears victory; In America it is known as The Final Option, but under any heading, this ridiculous SAS action flick to listen to one's belief on one side for about two hours. I find it incredibly difficult to understand how Lewis Collins (hero here) was almost chosen as the successor to Roger Moore in Bond movies .... this man is so vague that he fought to find work in a wax museum (Luckily Judy Davis is at hand partially redeem meat, which is a fierce string of terrorists, and there is a ten minute sequence of action that is quite competent by the director Ian Sharp, add that it is very, very, very long to wait until they close the excitement, and I can not honestly say that almost two hours to wait for a bit of decent work was a worthwhile effort. <br /> <br /> The difficult man of SAS, Peter Skellen (Lewis Collins), goes to peaceful protesters who want to end the storage of nuclear weapons. (Judy Davis), with a strong voice and opinion with a woman who may just be able to take extraordinary measures to achieve her goals. beats the US Embassy in London, demanding that a nuclear missile be fired at the Scottish naval base (believes that if the world knows a real nuclear explosive, everything is so scared that they will join him in a disarmament campaign). Unfortunately, Frankie makes a mistake when he took Skellen in his small embassy RAID, and he plans to repel his plan by using little timed help from his SAS comrades. <br /> <br /> The film was inspired - obviously - in 1989 by the awesome SAS attack by the Iranian Embassy. Someone who saw this event on the news probably thought it would be good to develop a similar line. Unfortunately, the film is rather banal, with too many foolish dialogues and a hell of a lot of embarrassingly bad scenes (archival discussion that goes into rebellion, anyone?). ridiculous, so that it becomes ridiculous just when the audience is his interesting villain. Who is afraid of winning will try to be a celebration of SAS's military legend, but at the same time it will spit on clumsy clichés and ill-considered drawings. The result is a good intent but totally ineffective piece of the boy's absurdity.
