Most of us have something especially, especially boys, who admire the populist fare of a "real man" of a genuinely working small town. And Sean Penn serves it with cherry on top of us. Hey, Many people use Penn as political whipping, but I do not rate movies or actors / politicians or personality. This is what the right-hand commentators do, like the secretary of the faux film, Debbie Schlus. Acknowledging that he is one of our best actors and a good director, I think this picture was a simplified, ambitious glimpse of what he has redeemed. Okay, you have the most important of this good cop, a small city player, Joe, played by a type of David Morse who, during the opening stage, is tracking some big cars on the country's roadside. A bad boy stops, goes out, takes him so that Joe's dead. There was no explanation that prompted this man to do a desperate violent thing, and the dead man's parents make some fun at the police station, while Joe feels really sad and guilty of having to kill someone. So we know that Joe, a farmer, forced his land to be a policeman, is a good foundation. Then his brother Frank appears, he is a sadistic, immoral bully, fresh out of the army and Namis, where the war got his blood's lust. Some people here and in other comments invited him to just irresponsible hell to grow a younger brother and Sean tried some points about what our John Wayne harsh man and war would otherwise do to good people, but what I saw was an immoral, sadistic bully who enjoys injuring people and hanging. Then the mother and father, Marsha Mason and Charles Bronson, who make the necessary turn as an old-fashioned state couple, will die; because of the illness and the shotgun suicide he was suicidal to pass on the story to us. Both times Frank, a bad man, is away because he's an unhappy SOB. But good Joe brings her back to Podunksville Prison so that Frank can stretch her life and live with her foolish screaming scary pregnant wife. But Joel is a nice woman, played by Italian actress Valeria Golina, who is Mexico, and Sean uses it as an exercise with some positive actions to decorate joe and her true spirituality under her uniforms and team members. For me, it was a completely pointless sub-block of positive action that Sean uses to wield his harsh suckers to suck the Mexicans because the Mexicans are so harsh and cool. <br /> <br /> But Frank is bad and we need events like stealing a car from a friend, robbery a petrol station by beating a warlord, then a car and all the cool things that hell-takers do. Then there are mandatory 8mm film films for young Joey conscientiously moving the lawn and cowboy dressed Franky jumped on his back and wrestled with him and yadda yadda so we all know what a deep bond between the two. So film moves around with a small small town to warm up every red heart. The film included a large number of sixties songs, such as the Jefferson plane and Janis Joplin, which were completely inappropriate except for the effect of the 60s to win the hearts of old hippies. The worst offense is that because the film was inspired by Springsteen's song "The Highway Patrolman", this song was not included. <br /> <br /> So Joe's brain dead woman goes to work and Joe runs to the bar to load and eat some of the populist drunk victim's spiel about how tough things are, while a good Joey returns to her wife. The barman is a good Ole Ceasar, played by Dennis Hopper. So Viggo - Frank is giving up for a special reason and hitting his son Ceasar's death after good Joe Cop's leaves. <br /> <br /> So Joe has pursued his bad brother and I was hoping he would do the right thing and blow this threat to society. Instead, we get a scene where his brother stops in front of him in an old 50's junky night on a lonely road, and a little Franky in his cowboy and cover pistols leaves the car to come up with a good Joe, 8mm upside down child. home movie sequence. Oy, such a dreck! Then, for this drecky sap fest, would some Zen crap about an Indian runner who is a messenger, change the message, the area of ​​Marshall MacLuhen? See what I mean, Sean has done much better, so don't be afraid to leave it.
