I am afraid it is quite terrible, despite several good results and generally a competent camera direction. This is the first and final attempt of the writer-director Soo Lyu. "Rub and Tug" (2002) is one of the unfortunate by-products of the Canadian program to promote home cooking. While the program encourages useful efforts such as "New Waterford Girl", it opens the door to unpleasant beginners, such as Lyu, who did not have to aggressively tilt this project, but was green without having to study his script or his credentials. <br /> <br /> You don't have a low budget in mind, because hidden product design, bad lighting, bad sound and a tough docu-style shooting option are in line with the theme; Canadian Massage Halls. But dialogue and drawing do not give the participants anything to do, the editor can gather a lot or the viewer's any spiritual challenge after an incredible stop. If your story is like this, the last thing you need is confusing storytelling techniques; although nothing happens, it is difficult to watch the movie and the point of view cannot be captured. <br /> <br /> Don McKellar as Conrad's performance is several steps below his similar character "Exotica". Lindy Booth's Lea is her usual spicy head; as always she is pleasant, but here she is little. Kira Clavelli Cindy is a pleasant surprise, a kind of Asian Shelley Duval. Tara Spencer-Nairn's Betty is the only other consequence that cancels her excellent performance "New Waterford Girl". In his low performance under "Rub and Tug", any tendency to look for other films in which he appeared has to be limited; if you don't need the Waterford Director Alan Moyle to work with young actors. You quickly come to the conclusion that Lyu's reptile brain cannot understand concepts such as the complexity of the plot, so that the need to insert lazy and flat "deus ex machina" devices is hardly a surprise. However, it may be worse that the hopeless story is so small anyway that the unlikely end is not as painful as usual. <br /> <br /> Then what do I know? I'm just a child.
