When my memory is right, this movie was released when it was something comedy - a funny look at adult entertainment. If it should be, it really doesn't work. It's not that funny. Leaving it as it is quite remarkable (because it is called comedy!), Since I have no personal knowledge of this topic, I avoid commenting on the authenticity of the story behind the scenes at the Toronto Massage Salon, except to say that - if it is true Life is pretty boring. <br /> <br /> For more than an hour, this movie doesn't really do much, except some background knowledge from the main characters. Conrad is a newly hired head of a massage parlor whose main job is probably to make sure girls don't give "full service" - euphemism for real sex. As for girls, Betty's goal is to buy her own salon so she can run her business, Cindy is an illegal immigrant in Canada who tries to support her family at home and Lea is - well, Lea is a somewhat strange nipple fetish of an unspecified nature - true - who seems being in business because - well because he's in it! I don't know what his character was. These three can be fairly sensible composite marks, representing exactly the motivations of the women involved in this business. <br /> <br /> The movie is curved and doesn't offer much until the "twist" shows Conrad. bad boy. We should have reached this earlier. The only thing that was really interesting here was the story - Conrad's secret plan and the revenge put on by the girls. This plan of revenge was pretty good, and you're grateful if it comes out, because basically until that moment you don't know why you're wasting that time. If the story had focused more on revenge, it would actually have been a pretty funny movie. <br /> <br /> The four-tone performances were fine, even though I didn't think anyone would have become outstanding. All four characters were a bit low. Cindy was a sympathetic character and for some time Conrad was a bad guy in the movie. Given the subject, there is surprisingly little nudity (and what is there is limited to one scene.) In fact, there is even a lot of innocence in the air. As far as the overall quality of the film is concerned, it is a small budget effort that shows, although you expect some griminess, presumably, from a movie placed to capture the body, so it's forgiving. Certainly, it says something that appeared 8 years ago, and it is still the only credit for the revival of the writer-director Soo Lyu and, given the normal lack of depth of the Canadian film industry, it was not even considered worthy of being nominated for any Genie Award - Canadian versions. 4/10 - And I'm a little generous with it.
