WARNING: This review contains SPOILERS. Don't read if you don't want to show some points before watching a movie. <br /> <br /> With this pain, you wonder whether the participants and the actors know exactly what they got. Did they see the script and say, "Hey, close meetings of the third species were such shocks that it couldn't fail." Unfortunately, this is the case. Did they even think of checking the director's authority? I mean, would you make the movie "Satan's Cheerleaders?" With the Director? Greydon Clark, who later led the notorious "ultimate justice" did it. This makes you think about how the people of Mystery Science Theater 3000 could grasp the "ultimate justice" and completely defeat "Return". <br /> <br /> The film is located in the small town of New Mexico. Little boy and girl on the street unattended one night when a powerful flash comes out. Probably the worst special effect sequence of the film is that the ship spreads them some red ink. It seemed that Clark had kept the glass of the glass of the camera and watered it with a leaking pencil so that it was immediately treated with cheese. Anyway, the ship leaves and the adults don't believe the kids. Elsewhere, we see Vincent Schiavelli, whom I find to be a terrible actor (see his scenes "Ghost" to prove they are outstanding), who plays the prospector or as I called him, Miner 1949er. He steps out of the cave where he is, and he and his dog are in ink by the ship. Twenty-five years have passed and the girl has grown to Cybill Shepherd, who works with her father Raymond Burr to study unusual weather events. Or something like that. In the satellite pictures, the Shepherd Dog shows strange phenomena over this small city of New Mexico and he is traveling there to explore. When he arrives there, the local livestock farmers harass him and accuse him of recent damage to livestock and his deputy is Jan-Michael Vincent. From that moment on, the film really pulls when the two fall rapidly against each other, especially after Vincent has seized the locals and tells Shepherd that he was a little boy who saw the ship twenty-five years earlier. Although this boring confusion happens, Vincent Schiavelli walks with his killer dog, who kills cattle and people he gets into an unusual object. You know that these glowing plastic sticks in stores sell Halloween to trick-or-treaters, what you shake to make them glow? Schiavelli uses people to burn incision that looks like one of them glow. This is the second worst effect of the film. Every time Schiavelli is on the glow screen, the scene's atmosphere suddenly turns dark, as the filmmakers thought the shine needed this improvement. This makes making a movie even cheaper than it is. <br /> <br /> And what does it all mean? It's hard to say when the final, confusing scene arrives. Look, Burr and his team of scientists are trying to explain the satellite images Shepherd found as a "calling card" but none of this makes sense. Why are Shepherd and Vincent age and Schiavelli not? Schiavelli explains why he kills the flock and the people and why he wants the shepherd dead, but even that doesn't make sense if you really mean it. Why didn't he kill Jan-Michael Vincent? After all, he had twenty-five years to do so. And foreigners don't need him if Shepherd is dead in any case, why try to kill him? Speaking of foreigners, it is never clear what he really wanted from Shepherd and Vincent. What is their purpose? Why are they waiting so long for intervention? How could they be so sure Shepherd would have come back? Not that the answer to one of these and other questions would have made the "Return" more pleasant. You still have bad traits, really bad action, especially because of sheep dogs, cheeses and bad direction. Fortunately, the stars went out of this movie. Cybill Shepherd soon went to see Moonlighting with Bruce Willis. Dozens of B-films were filmed with Jan-Michael Vincent, often up. Raymond Burr made a bunch of deaths in Perry Mason's television movies until his death. Vincent Schiavelli was a large number of actors in many films. Martin Landau, who played a kooky law enforcement officer, quickly made "Alone in the Dark" and the terrible "The Being" before entering recently famous films. You can bet that none of these stars want their career back to return. Zantara score: 2 out of 10.
