<br /> <br /> The movie "Slugs" is unique because the title pests are actually frightened by the scary nature. You see, these poor slaves have mutated through the pollution of evil people and do not mean anything malicious, they are just slugs with sharp teeth that eat meat and secrete poison, but notes. Real bad guys are people who are either actively trying to destroy our beloved slips or overreact when they come into contact with them. For example, take a scene where the boy is wearing gloves. They just hanged in a comfortable, reliable way when they didn't get out of there, and they reacted instinctively, defending themselves and worshiping him. Now, instead of looking for medical help for his slip, this guy runs around his greenhouse, screaming like an idiot, some very volatile chemicals are flowing, fires, fires a bookcase and interrupts his hand, then fire off and blend volatile chemicals and his house explodes. How can you blame it for hunger? <br /> <br /> This film paints less than a good person. The characters of this film include a buggy sheriff who hates everyone, a drunken hick who means to his dog, and a lumpy tie whose wife is at least forty-five years older than her. There's also a set of drunken teenagers who are attacking while copying, and we have to see thin, long-haired frogs. In the meantime, there is a man who looks like a demonic Leslie Neilson who shouts: "You have no authority to announce a happy birthday!" for some reason. Finally, this loatsomense parade rounds off the classic "Pod People" of MST3K, whose face explodes after a secret salad (another easily avoidable destiny was accused of useful, safe hunger). <br /> <br People are greedy, stupid, racist, alcoholic, and in one meaningless scene as potential rapists. In the film's climate scene, criminals try to burn needles that are helplessly flowing into the sewer. They alone do more damage than the slugs ever did! <br /> <br /> If you hate people and I know I will do this, you will appreciate "slugs". If you are a bad cinema fan, we will appreciate it by "Pieces" and "Pod People". There's plenty of bad showing, foolish dialogue, illogical plot twists, failure of special effects, meaningless scenes, and poor duplication to keep your attention.
