"Plan B" is strictly minor, except for one thing. Surprisingly, I found it quite offensive. Jon Cryer is the "star" of this movie and plays his usual, funny, egotistical, brilliant character, which was actually "Pretty In Pink" blessed and has no fun since then. It doesn't even describe your activity. Ricky (Mark Matheisen) is a muscular, blonde, struggling actor who only worries about her hair. Talk about the nature of the stock ... ugh. At least the remaining three characters are somewhat involved. Lisa Darr and Lance guest play a grounded, optimistic and caring couple who are hard to imagine. Because they are not shining drama queens, their roles are probably considered boring and not given enough screen time. Sara Mornell plays with Gina playing, your usual nice and good looking young woman who just can't find a loving partner. I have seen this symbol a million times before, but at least its performance exceeds some of the shortcomings of its predictability. <br /> <br /> What amazed me about this movie was to promote his minors' stereotypes. They introduced a Russian-speaking character whose only purpose was to mock him and how he spoke. He was depicted as natural, unaware, and astonishingly low. They just started to warm up, though they were gays about the usual jokes. Gina decides to be gay for a while because she's not lucky enough. Honestly. It wasn't as bad as they really went overboard when Gina brought the lesbian Christmas party where her friends threw. Her lesbian date had very short hair (as I am sure all lesbians do). He also got quite irritated (as I'm sure all the lesbians are doing) when Ginal was nervous to put lipstick (!). Finally, his date goes around a party that captures almost every woman and mouth there, when Gina expresses disappointment. Of course we all know how gay people can't stay faithful for as little as a few hours in less than a month or even years, right? (Note the sarcasm of this statement. Thank you.) <br /> <br /> This film was based on a tired and predictable premise to start, but Cryer's unlikely performance, along with idiotic stereotypes, drops this film to a lower depth of cinema. 2/10
