Imagine that, by adapting James Bond's novel to the film, the filmmakers removed all the activities and arrests to make it child-friendly. Or, if the television producer told Chris Rock, he could not do so so that his special offers could be assessed by PG. Similarly, the film's leader "Something Nervous in this Way" took the younger audience into the melodrama. It created a monotonous plot without complications of the book. In an effort to make it easier for children to "do something like this", filmmakers have lost a good and evil theme that exists in everybody, and good that always prevailed over evil. This is evident in the transformation of Will's character, the rescue of Charles Halloway Jimi and the defeat of carnivals. <br /> <br /> Has the film become a more adventurous boy. The scene where Dust Witch visits Will's house in a balloon is cut from the film. Instead, the green mist goes to Jimi and Willi and gives them the same bad dream of a witch and her spiders. The balloon attack shows us that Will has started to conquer his fear when he does things himself. He goes to the neighbor's roof and tears a balloon with a bow, winning the witch. "Excuse me, Dad, he thought, and sat, smiling. This time I'm alone," Will decides when he prepares him (147). The film shows us many examples of how Will is afraid to follow Jim, but never grows curious like his friend. In the book, Will is as good, quiet as well as the bold side of "evil" as his Jim. In the film, every boy has only one way of thinking that destroys Bradbury's good and evil nature in every human being. <br /> <br /> In the book, he saves Jimi because of his friendship, but in the movie, Charles Halloway saves Jimi Jim's father. Will pulls Jim out of the quarry in Bradbury because he doesn't want his best friend to grow up without him. This is a good Will, the fact that he cares about his friend, which saves Jim from the curse of carnivorous evil. Carousel Jim "gave his hand free to follow the wind, his part, his small, white, separate part that still remembered his friendship" (269). This shows that Jimi was good inside. , which can still hit the evil. But when Charles Halloway saves Jim in the movie, he does it to repay the debts he owes to Jim's father, who saved Will when he was a little boy. By changing the motivation to save Jim, filmmakers have destroyed Bradbury's original idea that good will win against evil. <br /> <br /> At the end of the movie, the carnival hits a tornado and lightning. smiling and laughing. When the book ends, Mr. Dark turns into a tiny boy and Charles Halloway smiles and laughs at him so much that he can't tolerate it and evaporate. In the world of Bradbury, evil people are destroying fear and can only be defeated by happiness and love. His message is that good is always over evil, but only when that goodness is expressed outside. "Good evil seems evil," says Charles Halloway, as he keeps the dead Mr Dark. "So I'm just gonna do you good, Jed. I just keep you and look at you poisoning yourself" (275.) In the movie, Mr. Dark is the only carousel left when the flash hits it, and he dies. By eliminating the laughter and the weapon of smile, filmmakers point out that bad weather is the most effective way to defeat evil, just as lightning is only for those who are bad. It takes away the main theme of Bradbury's book, which means that "good" is doing against others, bouncing off evil. <br /> <br /> Good can always fight evil, but trying to make movies more child-friendly is always a force for filmmakers to leave some of the books they rely on. In the movie "Something Wicked That Way comes," Will does not change, Will friendship will not save Jim, and smiles and laughter will not hit the carnival. As a result, filmmakers have left too many Bradbury key points out. The process of too often adapting a book to a movie often destroys the world created by the author. With this story, the terrifying world of Bradbury in terms of good and evil opposing forces has become itself a simpler version.
