Before you start, you need to know that I am a big fan of many Sonny Chiba films. Her biography of her husband's Mas Oyama's life was amazing and one of the best martial arts movies ever made, as well as most of her Street Fighter movies. The action was virtually unstoppable and with the possible exception of Bruce Lee (depending on who you ask), he was the greatest martial arts practitioner of the 1970s on film. Because they are so good, I have seen at least 15 of his films and recently bought some more (which I look at). <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, despite their love for these films, I am. NOT a meaningless zombie who worships a man to such an extent that I appreciate every movie 10. Here are some IMDb reviews, and I really think someone who gives this movie 10 should be ignored because it's such a bad movie from technical and not even close to the fact that Chiba is the best job. A 10-year score is not a real estimate - it's some zombie fans trying to publish Chiba, not the movie! As I said, this movie is very terrible. Part of this was due to the fact that I saw an American duplicated version with its irrelevant prologue and poor duplication. But most of the problem would still exist in Japan's original print. Camera-work is just terrible - as is done with chimps (smart chimps, but still reflections). Often, most of the fast martial arts are skipped because the camera is so slow or the heads of the actors have been cut off due to the dimness of the production. And again and again, the camera puts on and off, as is a new toy used by idiots, editing is puzzled - cuts are accidental and confusing. <br /> <br /> t know if the musical result is original or not - but it was also very bad. Like the 1970s acid rock was badly mixed with Ennio Morricone's "Spaghetti Western" music - it was annoying, annoying, and just stupid. <br /> <br /> As for martial arts, I think choreographers doing the championship would have improved things a little. The struggle for the big scenes you expect in the Chiba movie is too short for the struggle and is often lost! So what you are left with is the story ... and this MIGHT can be the worst part of the movie! This should be an anti-drug film starring Sonny Chiba .... Sonny Chiba! And when the film begins, it allows us to destroy Japanese drug trafficking. But the Mafia (with not one member who sees Italian but who is all Japanese) promises to stop Chiba. And when a woman arrives at Chiba with promises to give her information on how to destroy drug trafficking, she agrees to help her and to endanger her life unconditionally - although she has never directly told her what she knows! In fact, later it turns out that he just tries to use Chiba to protect him when he sells a huge cocaine full of suitcases - and he continues to protect him! It doesn't make sense at all, and throughout the film, they seem to have just filmed the movie without a script - for example, when they went to bars and brothels and went to Chiba as if he were drunk. > <br /> So if it was bad, why is it still worth 3? Well, first of all, there are a lot of terrible marital movies (like many of Hong Kong in the 1970s), including one of those who dressed in gorilla suits, making kung fu and their handlers 3 feet long, which they used to fight (now it's bad). Secondly, although it is very bad compared to other Sonny Chiba films, it is not so slow. Nonetheless, you might want to do a little bit of this movie a little better. <br /> <br /> By the way, if you don't know if it's the worst Sonny Chiba movie, that's not for sure! In one of his first films INVESION OF NEPTUNE MEN, Chiba plays a super-hero carrying a leotard to fight against the intruders of the planet. It is so bad that he is competing with PLAN 9 from OUTTER SPACE and they saved HITLER BRAIN awfully. <br /> <br /> Final note for parents - like most Sonny Chiba movies, it's very violent and part of boobies. DON'T let babies watch it, no matter how much they ask! Make them wait until they are older before you let them watch the dirty-rated-R martial arts movies!
