It's just one of the worst martial arts I've ever seen, and it says something. Viva Chiba's song, viva Chiba, is heard on the title, soon you will talk to yourself a fool, a fool. The main story is that mafia runs into Japan with drugs and one man with vocals to stop them, of course it's our man Sonny Chiba. The Captain Karate offers his service to anyone who can provide information about drug users. The woman comes on and she becomes a bodyguard, but what are her real intentions? Let me say here who cares? Soon it will be treated or tortured with a lot of choreographic struggles and a flat storyline, which is becoming more and more ridiculous at any moment. Sonny finally wipes bad guys with karate skills, the story is over. Oh yes the woman was corrupt. Congratulations on having ever seen a fun movie ever. <br /> <br /> As already mentioned, this is one of the worst martial arts I've ever seen. What makes this semi-traceable is to see how the movie is done badly. Some of them have already mentioned the infamous American intro in the movie. This is probably the most fun part of the movie and it's more fun. I'd agree to see it worth seeing how flat the 70's karate scene was. See how Aaron Banks leaves his nuts hanging man, then slips the fat student (bad editing) that pulls him into the throat. But everything is badly done in this movie. Terrible incredible struggle, fake, I mean counterfeit, bad show, duplication, wardrobe and don't forget this story. One person taking the drug problem across the country? I bet. Fighting after the fight is ridiculous. It was in the 1970s, when people still believed that karate was effective in fighting, but Chiba brings it to new levels when some nonsense in this film is put out. Let's see that he strikes the gun in half, beating a harsh boy that looks like his dentures are falling out and of course breaking the bottle picture to break me. Not to mention that it is very difficult to say what is going on in the fighting, because it is filmed so badly. One part that was fun was when he broke the guys through the door, giving him a fracture. OKAY. As the action goes on, we are treated with blood gobos, really with fake blood. To say it was badly done and underestimated. This movie is not fully present in this film. I do not expect much of this caliber film as long as the action is good, but it was not, and as expected, duplication is extremely bad. Was it my imagination or did they copy the Asian go go dancer with a black accent? As expected in the 70's wardrobe, you have stitches that laugh at some trends and nasty women to bring the humility that comes with these valves. Why should the mafia be so obvious and all where the black ditches and hats are all the time? Don't try to hide it now. The characters were also foolish. The Pimp Club owner, one of whom has put out a Japanese pimp suit, and another who is tasting boring head provides fat hippie. Another last thing that bothered me during the movie was terrible music with some whaling. It was very annoying. <br /> <br /> In general, it is a terrible movie for both martial arts standards and a good movie. That doesn't mean it's not fun. If the film is done so badly, most of this movie is not hard to laugh if you can wear it on your stomach. It was my best friend old favorite. If it were purely bad, I would give one star, but the laughs it gives will collide. 4 out of 10.
