Lil Bush is a 30-minute comic show consisting of 2 15-minute episodes shown at Comedy Central. It takes place in a fictional, cartoon in D.C., Washington, and focuses on satirical, childish representations of George W. Bush, Condoleeza Rice, Donald Rumsfeld and Dick Cheyney. Other politicians are also satirized in the same way and act as minor characters. <br /> <br /> The Little Bush pilot, much of this commentator's expectation, turned out to be a low and esoteric production that barely brings about its promise: satirical look at the current presidential administration. Although it must be admitted that the exhibition's values ​​have YOUR values, although it would be difficult to imagine that the exhibition, which is almost entirely based on the emigration of one political personality, will survive in order to continue producing episodes after the end of his term, at best, what can be described as dumb and at worst terribly terrible, has violated what the exhibition was little. <br /> <br /> Lil Bush, which may be technically classified as "satire", tends to ignore the actual use of a particular comedy tool to let its targets in exceptionally vulgar (but not particularly original, entertaining or funny) ways. The consistently weak writing of the exhibition often consists of a little more than listening to the Bush / Cheney jokes that have been heard elsewhere in advertising and placing them all in one 30-minute TV stream. As such, most of the writers' jokes were shameless clichés, some of which had been in public circulation for over 6 years. For example, comparing a vice president to Darth Vader can be funny for the first 300 times, as heard by the Daily Show / Colbert Report / Letterman / Conan O'Brien / Leno monologue / any late-night show-show suddenly, but it's not funny here. If this were not enough, the plot plots seem to exist just as the same old, tiring Bush jokes progressed by writers to the center of the program. <br /> <br /> Protecting the show as writers dare to write a truly original joke (which seems to be rare), it is often somewhat humorous. If the exhibition should expand its depth somewhat and place its characters in new situations, exotic situations, not the same old mistakes and the persistent "quagmires" of the Bush administration, they do not have to rely on the same old Bush joke and again the example can be considered somewhat acceptable and perhaps even innovative. <br /> <br /> Ultimately, it is difficult to determine which shortcomings cause Lil Bush's greatest damage; lack of clear originality and poor written quality, or its painfully narrow goals. It is reasonable to assume that Lil Bush can maintain a small left-wing fan base, that is, if they can tolerate an exceptionally poor letter; as long as the program continues to exploit the Bush administration thoroughly. Nonetheless, most viewers will soon recognize the program that it really is, the weak and meaningless vulgar attempt against satire, and the intellectually stimulating thing to tune in; The price is perhaps right.
