Carnosaur 3 is bad ... terribly bad. Bad to where it's funny. How important I try to convince myself, I just can't believe that anyone in this world could attract it for serious reasons. I mean, come on, even the cover is bad! OK, special effects are totally ridiculous. These "Carnosaurs" are really ridiculous. The scientist tells the soldiers that they are moving incredibly fast, but when you see them running, they are driving at a speed ... an actress in a rubber suit that catches as much as possible. And the explosions are funny (there is no other word to describe it). At first, the bullet hit Jeep after the boys say, "What was that?" ... And other explosions are ridiculous. But the worst thing is the scenario and the so-called story. You're not expecting a good story (or I don't think anyone who is renting this movie is waiting for a good movie), but at least the story needs to make sense. I mean, how difficult it is to make a story about dinosaurs that kill people at least uniformly. Incredibly hard when you look at it. Oh, and if you think credible commands can be made easy for your characters, tell the authors of this terrible, chaotic chorus. I mean, what sick person will make cheap jokes after the death of one of his friends? And they do a lot. And if you think the movie about dinosaurs killing soldiers can be at least packed, WAKE UP !!! This movie is incredibly boring. Carnosaurid (who invented this lame name anyway?) Attacked (in boring sequences where you don't see a lot of cases). Soldiers think about how to win them (incredibly funny scenes, where they try to really be serious but can't even convince a quarter of a second). So they attack karnosaure, but their idea doesn't work (another ridiculous order of action). Back to the plan (some flat jokes thrown) in another ridiculous scene. And it goes on and on and on. Let us not forget the action that is about as convincing as the special effects ... and the story ... Oh OK, this movie just sucks from A to Z. <br /> <br />
