OK, I had more hopes for this Carnosaur movie just because it seemed that the aftermaths improved when they came out. I liked Carnosaur 2 better than 1. I thought it was newer, so it must be better? Well ... I quickly found out I was wrong. I was very confused about casting. They brought back the character of Rick Dean's second focus and Michael MacDonald's police officer. Now, Rick dean lol, Carnosaur 2, I thought he would fit the role pretty well and wasn't really annoying for him, now Carnosaur 3 wow they put him on an elite soldier. Now we get here. The movie started pretty well when he had to fight a good fight against the gun, and the dinosid fled from the small freezers, but as soon as the Scott Valentines team appeared, we had a romantic comedy that had very funny performances of slowed and floppy dinosaurs. br /> <br /> First of all, I start with predators, they had tails there that pulled the ground that the other one had in the air, which seemed more common with the 50-60 year old dinosaur. mph. Now that they ran, they started to move back and forth and the head did not move at all. There hands were floppy all over and because they were very badly shot by the director they seemed stupid and inappropriate. T-rex was extremely pathetic, they would be better off using one of the previous 2 movies. At least it seemed daunting. In this movie, it seemed to be a smile all the time. The legs, when they walked, were fun, as was John Wayne's old western part, all the rigid feet and things. The other thing I noticed is that your hands did not move, they were stuck next to your body, so that it looked and sounded (God's sound effects were terrible)! Now, if I were a director and realized that I had the opportunity to work, maybe I would try to hide it a little bit harder to hide the fact. As for the rest of the movie, it was the toughest and loudest army team I've ever seen. The weapons they used would not make sense for the scenario. They even had a store where the carnosaurs were roaming, hand in hand, now I started to walk this scene, because I thought that though this stupidity was going on, Dinosid would get there and cause damage. Instead, the director wasted about 7 minutes of our time. I would like to watch this movie as a 3 dinosaur movie. You have slowed down the army, slow down the dinosaurs, slow down the scenario and you have a wonderful 83 minutes to spend your day watching it. <br /> <br /> Now, I'm not saying I'm not looking at it, bc actually I'm suggesting everyone to see this movie that wants 83 minutes of pure entertainment. It may seem like I'm ranting, but really I'm on this movie over what it is. It's really a lot of fun to watch because when you look at what you mean to yourself, "did the director really do it?"
