I really don't see the real surplus of this movie. It's not funny enough. There is no sloppy or free nudity (though there were many options). Not gore. There is no tension in the first hour of the film, because there are many tourist attractions with a party and natives playing funky tribal music. This last part was really funny on several occasions: you see that these natives are konggas and "jemble" and this is really what you hear (poorly synchronized). But they also added this funky bass-line soundtrack. So where was the bass player? At one point, the natives get angry and tourists are killing. Why suddenly? It should be because the evil white men build the tourist complex that, according to myths, aroused the river's alligator-god anger (I actually left an explanation on that). But the natives helped build the tourist complex for several months, so why suddenly sad? And how the hell managed to push the helicopter into the water ??? It's all stupid and pointless. This film also has the worst Afro-American model I've ever seen. <br /> <br /> At one point, our heroic couple will visit the cave where a strange, crazy old man lives. The only point in this scene is that they make a "shocking" discovery that the killer crocodile is actually an alligator. Crocodile or alligator, what's the difference? It's great, it's made of plastic and eats people. Same for me. Alligator is a rather silly creation. It is very rigid and immobile and does not even swim. Eyes do not move even when they are taking close-ups. I don't think they knew "animatronics" in Italy in 1979. There are also many pointless shots of local wildlife. I suspect this is the movie footage. <br /> <br /> As I said, the first hour was pretty flat and the only reason I didn't switch the movie was that my cat was sleeping on my lap and I didn't. I don't want to wake up sweet. But the last half hour of the movie improved. Finally, we can see some activities when the alligator swims through a panic of human hordes that grab their teeth and munche them. The most fun (and at the same time funny) scene is when Alice and Daniel drive the van over the bridge and collapse. Here we look at the version of the van under the river. Funny. But nice shot. In fact, there are many other nice travel cameras. Surprisingly, this is the valve type. I pointed out some stupid information about the end of the movie, but I don't want to ruin it completely if you decide to watch this movie. My advice is to stay away from it. If you want to see a good alligator film, look at Lewis Teague's ALLIGATOR. I admit it is not Italian and it is not a JAWS burst, but it is definitely more fun. And if you are interested in other films by director Sergio Martino, I recommend the fun of 2019: after NEW YORK FALLI. This is the hanging of every possible existing post-apocalyptic-future-movie. "Italians" and "rip-off", two words that go very well together.
