Dennis Hopper is undoubtedly one of the best undervalued American actors of our time and it was interesting to see how he fulfills his role as a police officer in the case of child sera killer. Most of the movies Hopper has always played against psychotic threats that threaten to break the air or kill, but in this film Hopper tried to keep his intensity and emotions in the shield. When I got to the plot of the movie, I was hooked, but that's the little thing that finally killed the movie. <br /> <br /> The concept of a movie is great - not only is the killer killing the police, but we get the chance to see how the gangsters are working on the killer. The football stadium sub-block is kind of ridiculous, but necessary to involve gangsters in killer wolves. <br /> <br /> It's all about the movie. Although Hopper tried to act hard, experienced the street as a smart policeman, I can't help but feel that his actions were below par., And there was not enough conviction that he was really involved with the case. Management was also terrible - it didn't know the real movie, but rather the production of a TV movie. This is most obvious when gangsters meet for the first time to form an elite group to kill the killer. When the leading gangster strikes another oral gangster slowly, it worked weak, predictable and terribly unmistakable. It was when I knew that it was terrible first. <br /> <br /> Camera cornering was amateurish and scenes or haunted images resembling a small sister of the killer had no real special effect. If it was to be scary, it wasn't. Everyone's behavior was terrible, and even for Hopper I didn't know my character, and I just didn't care too much about my relationship with my daughter. <br /> <br /> The last thing that bothered me the most is the swat team. When I saw the swat team acted, I finally thought of something good. But I was wrong. First, the whole team consisted of 4 boys. It's just impossible. First of all, the swat team probably doesn't have any training, because several times in the film they carry their HKA4 machine with one hand. If the killer were hidden behind the stairs with a shotgun, they would be blown into 4 idiotic bits because they weren't even targeted or attentive. They should have had both hands with a weapon designed to go ahead, but it just looks like they're not taking the job seriously and just being circumcised. Third, the members of the SWAT team do not call such commands as "Keep your eyes open, stick with yourself, whether we are good to go ... etc." In fact, they use hand signals or radios. But they are literally against each other - how should you kill a killer when he hears you come? And that it's all turned off, they don't have a boys plan - they probably just run up and down, keeping a wild turkey. Finally, they do something. It was the last shoulder. I'm not an expert on special forces, but basically what I've just described is quite reasonable. If the audience knows that the film is terrible, it becomes a lot of a life for the film - if you can't even make the effort to do it perfectly, the movie is gone. <br /> <br /> I give the concept 2 letters, but the rest cannot be credited. If you want to look at a thriller, don't worry about it. The film has a lot of crimes - but it's a lack of excitement.
