The anti-monopoly struggles with this category of films that want to make fun points while being resurrected, but falling completely flat. I don't hate the movie, but it touches key elements like break. There have been other attempts to make an interesting movie from computers like Hackers and The Net. They are all incomplete. The unlikely termination of both Net and Antirust seems almost identical. These endings of the film suffer from a tremendous mistake in perception: People in the computer industry who have this superfluous self-ego that requires the population to live are waiting for life to hear the latest news about computer and software. I've worked for many businesses and industries, and they all seem to suffer from an extended perspective of their own importance, as is the film. <br /> <br /> The way they used the plot features was pathetic. Miles, who is deadly allergic to sesame seeds, showed that almost one of the restaurant's bread baskets was swallowed up with stupidity. Only her "girlfriend" prevented her from certain death. It makes you wonder how Milo could have survived as long as he did, banging Big Mac's buns and Sesame Seed's bread when they are well covered. Sesame Seed breadsticks and Big Mac buns. <br /> The antitrust fight also does not give much tension. The patterned and predictable twist of the plot has been well established long before they have appeared (come, someone was really stunned when Yee Jee Tso was killed?), Thus destroying the real shock. And here again, we have another movie / story where, after all, the bad guys are pursuing good guys to get the disk. We need to have a moratorium on this simple Simon plot for about 20 years. Still, I pressed. Maybe the end would be the end, but not. Completely ridiculous end, where we have a corporate security manager, another expected evil boy, turns around and is a good guy that allows Milol N.U.R.V CEO Gary Winston ridiculous. And of course, Gary Winston's arrest news is more of a fever than Hinckley or Oswald's custody. Gary Winston, played by Tim Robbins, is a cardboard cut out of Arlington Road played by the same character Robbins. But it fits perfectly here in the antitrust fight, which should be called "Anticlimactic" or "Anti-Original". <br /> <br /> In the coming years, this movie is likely to have been omitted so that it can only be shown on your local tertiary UHF channel.
