When I sat down to watch this movie, I waited quite a bit because there were quite complicated questions on the plot. An interesting approach was also the use of football to start training. Unfortunately, despite boldly dealing with controversial issues, since the clashes between culture and Muslim and Western culture, adding generational conflicts and prejudices to gays / lesbians, it allows you to have a relatively simplified relief towards the resolution for the entire temporary architecture. This gives me the impression that the makers took on too much of a task to solve, trying to be deeper than they managed to cope. <br /> <br /> This does not mean, however, that the film is bad because it makes conflicts quite credible and amusing. The film succeeds in engaging and amusing the issue, but as mentioned above, the writers seem to be a bit too deep. This has led to a rather unrealistic character at the end of behavior against conflicts. By dropping it, the ball at a time when the makers really could show the shine by taking the film to another level of recognition. <br /> <br /> Even though the film does not try to be a deep part of the drama at some point, the setup has so many options on the plot that it will become disappointing when the ball falls. In this way, the film moves from good and reflected comedy to ordinary clichés that become ridiculous from its happy end. There is nothing left in Hollywood like the end. So, even if the story is tempting and able to accommodate a large number of assemblies, it will not face the resolution. Personally, I was close to screaming "finish already !!" the screen had <br /> <br /> The film had some good behavior and two young female middle characters had good moments. So did their parents and the other two characters. But the beautiful Irish coach was an embarrassing act, which makes the film quite a bit realistic. She didn't even feel very pleasant, but rather involved with her, despite the good deeds that make the upcoming conflict between the girls seem tense. <br /> <br /> I give movie 4 because it was an interesting story and they were looking for a nice perspective to approach the topic. There were a lot of incredible characters in the script and cast that allowed the audience to recognize themselves or others. If the disillusionment had been disappointing, I'd just give a movie 7 or 8. If you enjoyed this movie, I would recommend the movie "East is East," which I think is so good, if not to make the cultural conflict better, as well as amusing and interesting. .
