I saw the trailer of this movie a few months before it was released and MAN saw it scary, especially how it was based on a real phenomenon. I was incredibly interested and thought it could eventually be a decent horror / thriller movie after years. Well, you know how movie trailers make the movie better than it is: maybe, showing all the horrible parts or certain elements by overcasting. Movie ads did both, which led to my ultimate disappointment. <br /> <br /> Under no circumstances is this "the most disturbing film over the years". Hell, I doubt it was the most disturbing film of this week's release. This film takes too far the whole "underlying fact" thing. <br /> <br /> This movie was not complete. I have to admit that it was my interest and Micheal Keaton was credible as a person who was looking for answers with supernatural means. In addition, this film is one big cliché. After John's death, he learns from EVP, which transmits the voice of the dead to a daily electronic device. He suddenly gets messages from his wife! My God! It's not just her husband who's dead. Gee, imagine. Movie about helping dead people. Come on, give me a break! Clichés don't stop there. There's also a mandatory clock-stop-at-same-exact-time-every-night trick and three evil spirits that threaten our hero. Not only the cliché of the movie, but WASN''T SCARY. The film literally had two pop-ups and the two scenes were almost identical. The end is terrible because it leaves the door to the WIDE OPEN sequel. There is also an end message with a message saying that only one of the X voices heard through EVP is threatening, with nice happy tuning. The way to break the mood, you guys. Jeez! Finally, if you want a new unforgettable horror movie, check out White Noise. The only reason I think someone is watching this movie is that the person is a Keaton fan or that they are interested in EVP. Of course, the aspects of EVP may be a bit interesting, but I don't like the concepts of my film being under my throat and blowing my face. This film tries to be scary, original and disturbing, but it's just the opposite. You know you have a flat movie when ads use ghosts to talk about the movie there. "I see this movie anymore."
