John Rivers' life as an architect and master has turned to the worst when his wife has disappeared and died after a dirty accident related to car modification. When he's gone, he's facing the following people and tells him he's been in contact with his dead wife on the other hand through E.V.P - Electronic Voice Phenomenon. Of course, he does not believe, but then he hears a strange phone call from his phone and so he takes him to get more information about E.V.P. Soon John will be caught up in it, but something supernatural does not like him to interfere with the dead, because from now on, when he turns to his wife, white noise will predict events before they happen. I've been sitting on my shelf for some time, I thought I could look at it better because it wasn't my copy. But then again, I don't think the owners would have hurried to get it back because they haven't questioned me. Oh well. So I decided to play it because I was in the required mood. After hearing and reading it badly, I didn't expect anything far from good, but I was kept entertained for 90 minutes. Well, more than 60 minutes, because the last half-hour was quite confusing. The film is not as good as it could have been, but a time that was quite fast, though it is a rather thin supernatural thriller. I thought it wasn't all waste. The first hour I found some effective sequences that were quite interesting, and there is the horrible awe that comes from the slow progress of the subtle silence and tragedy that haunts you, but unfortunately it will crash later in the film. This is when predictably forced jump fears come on their own and in no way fit the context. It becomes quite hectic, loud and very confusing with the editing of its MTV style and the work of the kinetic camera that goes into action. I couldn't figure out what was happening in the dark and suddenly. The whole explanation of how everything fits into a larger picture is pure hockey. This is a very dissatisfied conclusion because it gets something big but hits the bottom. I thought they had done a good job of lighting and good-looking camera work up to this point. Other than exceptionally harsh lighting, the score kept the flick's atmosphere gloomy. All this is very slipperyly made with its glowing and fancy hardware that makes it very sterile and empty. <br /> <br /> You can easily see that the heart of the movie is in the technical components and not the extension of characters and story. This unpleasant material simply has no connection and lasting mood. After a while, he just tries to convince you to get into manipulative excitement and to open up many bleeding outside the grave. It just got quite repetitive looking at someone watching this fuzzy television screen. The E.V.P machine was the star of the exhibition. Well, it had more impact than hip performances. Michael Keaton is more than a capable actor, but lately he lost his card and here he gives a modest result as dangerously obsessed with John Rivers. However, he deserves much better. All others are pretty brave and forget. Not because of performances, but because of the lack of symbols. This clunker wasn't bad at first, but it gets pear-shaped, drastically falling. <br /> <br /> I wouldn't want to see it again and I wouldn't want anyone if you don't have an interest in the subject and enjoy the recent Hollywood crop. It's just a shame that the over-produced flick could not successfully assemble it because it had a promise of its own idea and more than a decent hand. I didn't hate it, but what was disappointing.
