Absolutely one year of the worst movies. The plot is ridiculous, the characters are badly developed and the assumption is irritating. It all starts when Michael Keaton, taking a fresh look at something remarkable, because Batman, loses his beautiful author Anna, a car accident that may be due to his ride on one of these convertible VW errors, although he should be rich. Batman moves his grief into a new apartment and takes on a hobby: nothing to save and then watch. He really learned this from a greasy pathetic man who was killed by three very shady companions who lived on his TV. Soon he will see dead people thanks to EVP or Electronic Voice Phenomenon, which is obviously the deal where dead people can send messages to live people through recorders, video cameras, dead mobile phones ("Let the cell call? He is ... DEAD!. .. There must be ghosts. Mhmmm. There is no other possible explanation. I'd better start it indiscriminately. "). Why they can't just write something on paper or never explain some things to create creative pictograms. Finally, Batman finally finds that he really sees the future, and he decides to help the woman he doesn't know. He's leaving his house just because high dark boys enter immediately after leaving ("D * mn! Do live with the lives of dead and dead people, but I'm when we can be right, am I the right guys?" They confuse the agreement). ”). He watches this lad from the warehouse and finds this movie the first ten minutes of a character (barely, or you won't miss him!) There are actually a series of killers working with three high-shadowed demons in Raiders Lost Ark steals and kills He's looking like these are cartoons. Just then some detectives will appear and rescue the lady. After Batman's funeral, she decides to go further from the grave to apologize to her son for being an idiot, apparently feeling the best way to protect her child from the EVP horrors is to expose her. Little boy smiling. Nothing that a guy, even if his father, Batman, of course, isn't going to talk, on TV. The highest point of the movie was when someone called the phone and a boy shouted, "This is Anna!"
