New York, I love you or should be headed Manhattan, I love watching my people Sometimes love is an exact example of the difference between telling the story and talking about the situation. Note, look at two movie segments where Ethan Hawke fires a cigarette on a street woman and continues to talk to her about an unpleasant sexy call, and another with Orlando Bloom, who is trying to film her chairman, to read two Dostoevsky books. Although the latter is not a stretch, it is at least something that has a beginning, in the middle and at the end, when the composer tries to score, Dostoyevky gets dumped on his lap and eventually gets help (and maybe more) from the girl he's talked to as a contact between him and the director. However, Ethan Hawke's scene is like anything, and it feels like a fluke that has been added or directed by a filmmaker who is calling it (or, on that matter, Hawke with a combination of sunrise and reality bites). /> <br /> The general nonsense of the movie is to see that some of the stories that work really well are in conflict with one or two possible "stories" and then with the rest of the situation that arises to merge or overlap (ie, bits that include Bradley Cooper, Drea DeMatteos, Hayden Christensen, Andy Garcia, James Caani, Natalie Portman etc.). It's not so much that the movie is practically always * in Manhattan * and not in New York Queens or Staten in Iceland or the Bronx (not even in Harlem or Washington Heights) - there is not much diversity because there are some. This is the lack of imagination found in spades, right or worse, in Paris, J'taim. It has done little to do with New York, except for the references, and in the worst case (Julie Christie / Shia LaBeoufi segment) it is terribly incomprehensible. <br /> <br /> So basically wait on the TV and do your best to get in and out of the movie - three scenes: the above-mentioned Bloom / Christina Ricci segment, which is charming; Brett Ratner's directed segment (yes, X-Men 3 Brett Ratner), who has a very funny story about a teenager who takes a girl in a wheelchair to come up against a great twist; Eli Wallach and Cloris Leachman as a divine fairly old couple who walked in Brooklyn on their 67th wedding day. Everything else can be omitted, even Natalie Portman's director debut and Hughes brother (only one, Allan) return to the screen. The mixed bag puts it lightly: it's like looking through a mixed nuts bag full of dirty peanuts to find little almonds that are left.
