Howling II begins when it means that Christopher Lee, whose image is moved over the star field, continues to be strange and surreal, oh and the skeleton also appears for some reason. He says, "For it is written that the inhabitants of the earth are drunk with his blood. And I saw that he was limping on the hairy beast, and he kept the golden challenge that was full of filthy whore, and his forehead was written; The word mother I could not do, no matter how many times I rolled over the tape, and I caught, forgiven # and all the abominations of the Earth. This opening narration does not mean anything and is just completely odd. After the opening credit placed on Transylvanian architecture frames , we'll send a title on the screen that tells us that we are in Los Angeles, California, USA, and I knew I was 86 minutes long, probably not too long after the original Howling (1981) events and the funeral of Karen White. Karen's brother Ben (Reb Brown) speaks of a "hidden investigator" from Stefan Crosscoe (Christopher Lee), who says that Karen is a werewolf and that he comes back to life. Jenny (Annie McEnroe) visits one of her friends and colleagues at Karen at Stefan's home. Then Stefan tells them about werewolves and how they can be killed, he mentions Stirba (Sybil Danning), the queen of werewolves. Stefan also shows them a photograph of Karen's funeral at Mariana (Marsha A. Hunt) and that she is a very cruel and dangerous werewolf who wants Karen. Stefan says he puts blood through the titanium of the heart. Ben thinks that Stefan means he is also making a contribution to Karen, so that along with Jenny he drives to the graveyard where his sister's crypt must stop Stefan. But many werewolves are pulling up and attacking Stefan, Ben and Jenny. They survive the attack and find out that Stirba is in Transylvania. They all decide to travel to Transylvania and stop taking Stirba and his werewolves to Earth, filling the centuries-old curse. Then they travel to a small town called Vlkava, which means "where wolves live" and meet a local priest, father Florin (Ladislav Krecmer) and his small but loyal group of werewolf hunters, hey, what else am I calling? Oh, and also the dwarf named Florica (Ludmila Safarova) also helps. They follow Mariana, who hope to take them to Stir. But Stirba knows the arrival of Stefan and he has plans for Ben and Jenny. Can Stefan finish Stirba's plans to dominate the world? Is this film more odd or surreal? Look at it and find out. Director Philippe Mora is one of the strange confusion in the film. It is poorly edited because certain sequences simply jump unevenly. The biggest problem is the manuscript of Robert Sano and Gary Brandner, based on his novel, which is all over the place and does not make any sense or introduce us to any correct character. Fortunately, it moves like a rocket and it's never boring or boring, unlike the original. Something strange or odd will always happen to the viewer for entertainment. Most people are likely to hate it, but for those who enjoy "bad" movies, that's the best one. There are werewolves' organs that are just cunning. We're gonna kill the cool werewolf. Sets and locations seem to be so far away, and I don't know if it was actually in Transylvania, but it doesn't look what I thought was in Transylvania in the mid-80s. Stirba Castle is part of a cave, part of a Gothic castle and part of a modern luxury house. The costumes of Stirba and his servant are very upstairs, Stirba wears clothing that looks like it is a S / M video and is fair to her. Special make-up effects vary from good to poor, the dwarf's eyes explode, someone hanging out with their hands, and the priest has come out of his mouth, but it's not a movie full of gore, although there are many sequences of sequences with werewolves and attacks. There's a lot of nudity, as well as Stirba and her minions are real randy bunch of werewolves! I should also mention music, the soundtrack dominated by the terrible rock music I hated and I stopped the volume. Acting is weak all around and what was Christopher Lee thinking on Earth when he received this film?! I don't know what he thinks about it. Basically the whole thing is a real mess, but I found it quite fun. It is undesirable, but it kept me to the end. Speaking of the final credits that go out, the scenes left out and the cut film material, it also includes Sybil Danning's picture, taking her clothes off and exposing her breasts probably more than 20 times! If that's your thing.
