I have to add dissent here. The different reviews I've read are compared to those of Wong Kar Wai or Hou Hsiao-hsien. it is one of the admirable flotillas of mandarin sweets, which has become our way in recent years. Unfortunately, this is not quite accurate. In the film, the film school graduates attempt to trace their masters rather. All the pieces are there - a beautiful background, a vaguely minimalist dialogue, slow penetration of camera work, and male-headed men who spend a fair timing sitting in reflection. Sounds good, but unfortunately there is nothing par. Dialogue is leading. An operator usually cannot raise the above-mentioned characters; The couple and the little sister are especially poor and involved. Unfortunately, if the mediocre character acts in combination with a classic "chekovia" (ie very predictable) plot, the results are at best tedious and in the worst case painful. But I couldn't see what the scene of the blue Danube river, like the genre parody (although in the "spring" sky came a bit of black humor ...). this movie based on Mark Li Ping shooting it. Although the device is an elegant and absorbent camera trying to repeat the "Shanghai flowers" mood, this film is not visually in the same league. Actually, I have to admit that after hours of thinking whether it was a destructive script or actor, I suddenly remembered that I had to meet my companion for dinner and took the opportunity to leave (and I can't do it) to remember the last movie I went out of. I think the end of the review may end with a positive aftertaste, but until that time I couldn't care. If you want to see something with similar real talents, I would recommend doing something from the two directors mentioned above, such as "In the Mood for Love" or "Shanghai Flowers", both of which were filmed. talented Mr Ping (formerly Chris Doyle), both of which are sufficiently masterful films to inspire such unsuccessful emulsions. Often, Mr. Hoberman does not lead me wrongly and maybe you would rather listen to him, but he doesn't say you were not warned. Craig. <br /> <br />
