This is the first "William Shakespeare's complete dramatic works" of the BBC series I've seen, and if all of these are, I would no longer be able to watch. Being virtually the whole text of the game, what this "Romeo & Julia" has done for it is missing in all other departments. Alvin Rakoff reveals himself as a terrible leader in both technical and artistic aspects. In the first one, he makes mistakes so that even a first-class film student would have wisely prevented him. Take into account, for example, the poorly edited first image of Abraham and Balthasar at the opening place or the sister's entry into the Friar Lawrence cell, asking where is Rome, with whom she is so much ahead that she would have seen her clearly when she was blind. And the last one, because every one of the performers is wrong, even if some of them are good actors. Rebecca Saire looks exactly like I have always imagined that Juliet looks and doesn't seem to be a bad actor for a teenager, but her performance lacks any passion. Patrick Ryecart as Romeo is even worse, being not only dull as Juliet, but also old and not even beautiful, coming over as a combination of Malcolm McDowell and Chucky doll. Combining them makes it impossible to think that they know each other, not to mention that they are the main players of the greatest love story ever. Alan Rickman plays Tybalt as his debut on his screen if he were Darth Vader, a big mistake that takes away the complexity that Shakespeare had foretold, not a hero or a villain, but all the bad people. This Tybalt is such an average perspective that we do not believe after the death of the characters. As for Paris, I was thinking of Prince Valium from Spaceballs. Only Celia Johnson manages to make the caregiver's character somewhat fair. seen that they believe in their role. The best screen version is Franco Zeffirelli. But to be fair, this BBC is not as bad as torture, such as the shameful geriatric version of George Cukor or the crime against Humanity, which is Baz Luhrmann's full-length MTV video. 4/10.
