"Brigadoon" is a very promising entertainment package. Gene Kelly and Vincente Minnelli, the "American in Paris" team, have reunited with many great craftsmen and women who have been behind their previous collaboration. The leading lady of the gene is Cyd Char, one of the best dancers in the 40's and 50's, and unlike the generally better "It's Always Fair Weather" - this film gave them the opportunity to do not just one but two dances. Lerner and Loewe were a rising team behind future hits like "My Fair Lady" and Minnell's musical masterpiece "Gigi"; Lerner and Minnelli had already shown their sanguine collaborators in an excellent "America in Paris." <br /> <br /> What happened along the way? Why is the film so stupid? Minnell himself did not want to make the film, despite his earlier warm artistic and personal relationships with Lerner. Perhaps it was because the film's innate conservatism was just two steps for MGM and one step back for Vincent Minnell. But if this task trapped, like the Brigadon denizens, is trapped inside the city, Minnell tried to change it to something that would be interesting if it were not released. The end result is really terrible to see. <br /> <br /> The goal is the naive charm of earlier Minnell hits, such as "Cabin in the Sky" and "Meet Me in St. Louis" who carry the inhabitants. Brigadoon does not become an illusory nostalgia for any of these local places they have never seen before. His clumsy shine does not even match the shiny gloss of "Yolanda and Thief" or "Pirate", as the highland settings seem too specific for such exotic fantasy and too general for true human emotions. Brigadone's only people I can at least associate with is a malicious person who is trying to escape and regrettably a fellow traveler, Van Johnson, who accidentally shot him. The general procedure of the Brigadon City Government itself is too intelligent and provincial, even when it is related to the retroactive form of Christianity: they seem to be positively pagan in their aspect. For example, in return for the immortality of Brigadon, the honorable and generally "good" pastor of the city has sacrificed its place in an allegedly blessed shelter. <br /> <br /> At one point, we are confident that "everyone is looking for their brigade." Suffice it to say that the post office of this picture confirms its suspicion that most of us are not looking for such a quasi-paradise. This assumption is ridiculous and almost offensive, but can work if players are perfect. But Kelly himself is the most patronizing thing in the film and Charisse is terribly dirty as a virgin optimist, similar to Lucille Bremer, "Yolandas and Thief". Van Johnson makes his best version of the classic Oscar Levant for Kelly (even illuminates 3 cigarettes at one point like Levant in AIP) and offers many fun moments. But it says something in itself, how much of the big budgets with all the MGM's best talents is Van Johnson's fiction.
