Often I do not feel forced to criticize the film; After all, I often feel maximum, "if you have nothing good to say, don't say it at all," there would be many tips for many naysayers we listen to every day who want to enjoy. If this is the same reader for you, though I feel obliged to point out that the single exception from Christopher Walken, who is in Gabriel's return role, is this film HETRID. I say this to you to warn you that even if you are a fan of Walken's deadly delivery and style, or that you liked the original "prophecy", you are seriously exhausted. If you buy it, return it. If you rent it, make sure it's only ninety-nine cents. <br /> <br /> What's wrong with this movie? Reading the full list and wearing the tears takes too long, but a brief summary would be: once a crystalline clear picture of the relationship between the angels and mortals of the first film ripped into chips. Gabriel has turned to God for a fairly sick right hand that he once had (and in this role he is WICKEDLY funny at first) little more than a thug of heaven. Since Walken is so good at playing (we all remember Frank White as "King of New York"), he is still enjoyable, but the supportive and confusing confusion of the dead and angels who could not buy a cue for 50 is a casting affair. If you can understand that you are a wiser man than I. It feels like we are aiming at aiming simply at moving the movie to Walken for the next big line. At the end of the movie you really want, he'd like to break his horn and make Jericho walls for people who made this natural disaster. <br /> <br /> The bottom line - it's offensive to our intelligence that they made this movie the next place. The original spoke the right story, answered the questions that should have been, and left alone what you had to ponder after. There are no compelling reasons to follow the first signs - the priest who lost his faith, the little girl who kept the "big secret", the teacher who defended his children - even Lucifer himself was more interesting by his first film than all the other characters put together . I'm sorry for anyone who sees this movie and not the first, because they probably never want to look at the original and this is a real tragedy.
