Everyone knows that Gregory Widen's original "The Prophecy" did not really demand a sequel, but you also do not need a rocket science degree above the chimney to understand that further contributions to this profitable horror concept were inevitable. The second part is a very prototypical example of the direct-video stage, which means that the creative and complex plot of the original has been simplified for much more activities, more fun liners and much more horrible religious landscapes. The only good news is that the manufacturers were able to keep Christopher Walken out of Gabriel's role and give another brilliant result justifying the rental price. If it wasn't for Walken's performance (and maybe a couple of painful supporters like Brittany Murphy and Glenn Danzig), "The Prophecy II" would have been forgotten after forgetting. The film begins with the literal hell of Gabriel falling out of hell to continue its ongoing heavenly war on this earth. The purpose of his battle is to prevent the birth of Valerie Rosales (Jennifer Beals) this time. Because you see, his unborn child is the first hybrid between the heavenly angel and the earthly "monkey", and the birth of such a higher creature would mean a decline in Gabriel's evil rule. So, as in the first movie, he involves a suicide accomplice to help him and hunt to the end of Valerie until the end of the final showdown. "The Prophecy II" is a lasting and sometimes even fun movie if you do not make comparisons with the original and as long as you manage to forget many plot holes and continuity errors. If the storyline becomes too annoying, the actors will fortunately always have the bright moment of Christopher Walken to disturb you. His interaction with rebellious Izzy, and especially his ignorance of today's earthly technology, often leads to valuable and memorable sequences. In a comment on the subject, I often felt that the ambitions of "The Prophecy II" were similar to "Terminator II"? The resurrection of Gabriel seemed somewhat similar to the futuristic cyber teleportation, and the location of Eden, where the last battle is taking place, resembles the steel factory where Terminator II ended. Coincidence, I guess? In general, it is a worse and satisfying sequel, but it is still worth looking at if you are Christopher Walken's unique actor charisma (and who is not?) Fan.
