This is one of those horrors where twenty sometime around the fake bureaus struggle with dark art, struggling with it. A portal was opened that contained the world of demons, known as Sitra Achra Kelippotin, whose man whose daughter, Summer, robs something he takes. Summer is taught by a mysterious group whose identities have never been discovered to fight the monsters of demons. This is part of a plot that is controllable. Anyway, the three wannabee witches who went with high school, Renea, the more enthusiastic, more serious practitioner in the dark arts, and her lesbian cohorts, Jasmine and Marlene (.. that's more or less a failure with them.) Connect with friends at Jason and Ricky desert where Summer disappeared from his home ten years ago. Opening the portal through the spoken text written in the old book has become a demon, as is the summer, now a warrior babe whose training has led to the very appropriate and sporty body and skills needed to repel monsters in another world. <br /> <br /> The low budget includes a striking but ambitious story that limits it to a limited position. These young adults spend a lot of time running around in the woods, hoping they're not a beast feed. As can be seen in these films, the demon stands out, while the story develops as Summer tries to remember how it all happened, while friends with Jason who wanted to help recover the lost time. The activity is mainly in the dark, which makes it difficult to decipher any kind of violence. Brigitte Kingsley (and the rest of the women who are cast in this matter) is a mighty beautiful candy dressed by wife, Conanina, a gorgeous body that we are happy to see from the moment she appears until she closes. Movie. Some lesbianisms (.. some kissing and affection) and nudity spice things up nicely, and casting seems to be fun with a lot of fun ... it's so strange that a silly tone is probably right for the material. <br /> <br /> It may be of interest to the world-wide Entertainment Entertainment Captain Courageous Christian (real name, Jason Reso) as a group leader, robbing his alter ego as a chicken that trembles with a sliding tree branch voice. Landy Cannon is a pleasant, unlikely hero, Jason, lovestruck, a naive young man whose ex-groom, Jasmine (Vanessa James) is now bi-sexual and in love with Marlene (.. Jasmine's cruelty plays Jason's feelings, hiding him from Marlene) every one of his knowledge), while Ricky and Renea are trying to keep him from this idea so that he can bring down a dead flame that has never ignited. The Kelippoth demon is usually darkly lit, I think I will refrain from showing how ridiculous / ridiculous it is when it is fully presented. Jasmine and Marlene (Haley Shannon) lesbian antics are mostly taming, their love, alone in the woods in the woods, is tinted and illuminated using the darkness of the night. My estimation is a bit favorable for this, almost exclusively for Kingsley's purely superficial reasons, not for plot or film. The purpose of the film is to please and it is marketed to boys (and girls who love hot women). I think, however, that humor is largely flat.
