Surely this is a strange way to promote a movie that has a lot of rest. And it seems the studio has a normal suicide because (1) The pain difference was well known long before the release of the film. (2) The difference between the manufacturer (Robert Fryer) and the director (Michael Sarne) was also well known. (3) The cast did not give any secret to his contempt for the film and made it public at every opportunity, based on the daily bulletins reported by the Gossip colonists everywhere. <br /> <br /> And (4) The author, Gore Vidal, hated it practically from day one. Nonetheless, it almost catches the eye. Raquel Welch gives <br /> <br /> a decent result like Myra and she looks beautiful. John Huston is very funny when Buck Loner, the former Cowboy Star, who heads the fake academy. Mae West (in the appearance of her first screen since 1943) naturally wrote her part to fit her, and she's great because it's "overwhelmed" (and it's light) "Talent Agent" Leticia Van Allen. However, he had to think (after he had waited so long for a good vehicle to return) how he ever got into this mess. <br /> <br /> Tom Selleck (his film debut) is one of his "customers." John Carradine and Jim Backus, as doctors, are also brief: Rex Reed Myron, Farrah Fawcett and Roger Herren, Myra / Myron Sexual The same applies to the script, which not only focuses on the body of the book, but seems to be at least three different directions at a time. Although the part of West was initially larger, Sarne was reduced to a recovery run while editing. Apparently, at some point, the manufacturers realized that Mae would be a big drawing of the film, and he could not replace most of his cut material, he attacked another song at the end of the film, both of which would come out somewhere. When the movie ends, to emphasize what points it did, it doesn't work at all. By the time the movie ends, all tired spectators may wonder what it was in hell. almost all the people involved in the production felt the same, and he died at the cashier. The technically sound DVD contains (among other things) separate Welch and Sarne comments, each of which has completely opposite opinions about what went wrong. There is no doubt that the re-launch of the home video was prompted by the Vanity Fair piece of 2001 that tried to (very in detail) do the same thing. True, the novel design made the screen confusing, but under Sarne's leadership, which was obviously "in difficulty", there was no it never has any chance.
