It was the sixties, and anyone with long hair and hips had a distant attitude, making money for making a movie. That's how Michael Colne, the leader of this colossal flop, was working. Sarne is one of the ultimate people who have ever given a dollar to film. In fact, the whole studio must have agreed to hire an employee who had made exactly one previous film, a terribly valuable 60-hip black and white featurette called Joanna. This film played similarly to the talented actor Genevieve Waitel, who could barely speak the whole line without breaking the inappropriate facial expression or the bats like bats. Sarne, who probably couldn't manage the comic, didn't think about the big budget for a Hollywood movie, was over her head. David Giler's book is the best place to go to find out how terrible Sarne was able to pull a wool over all eyes. If there is a historical marker that shows the superficiality and lowness of the era, Myra Breckinridge offers this marker. It embodies emptiness and meaningless over a decade, which is mostly remembered for the great sea change in political politics. Breckinridge is the touchstone of another, equally important vein. Look at this movie and you will have a different perspective on the less often mentioned void of the spirit that so often gave talent in so many years. <br /> <br /> Many reviewers have talked about cutting videos from other movies, especially older ones. Some people really liked the funny "comments" that took place in the movie, others found them to be pointless, tedious and embarrassing, though because the film is so bad, the invasion should be a fix. In my opinion, the real reason why Michael Sarne put so many movie clips into Myra Brekinridge was to overwrite his inadequate mental and imaginative shortcomings. This means that Sarne was so imaginative that she just threw those clips to fill the room and time. They were not an inspiration, they were desperate. His writing skills were non-existent, and David Giler was wisely leaving the project wisely from the bomb, so Sarne was actually making the film and he couldn't. It was his thin ability. Consequently, what seems like half the value of the film. The ghosts of writers and directors, many of whom have long passed, were called upon to fix this unfortunate flopper because Sarne certainly didn't. It was what he came these days, he sat in the set and thought for eight hours, while the whole cast and the team (not to mention the producers and the accountants) chilled their heels and waited for something, great imagination, a hint of originality, a spirit boy to break Zeus's brow . Oh, oops. No Zeus + no imagination + no sparks = millions of small dollar wings with wings, each of which is made up of hundreds of licensing agreements that are needed to use clips. Good bye. <br /> <br /> I hated movie clips. They paralyzed Sarne's many bettors, made fun of people whose talents - even those whose skills were not high - surpassed the director's ability and finally gave him the opportunity to show how he was even the most exciting because of his lack of inspiration, originality and even simple competence.
