Anyone who knows me can tell you far too much that I love bad movies almost as much as I love, and I can honestly say that I have finally seen one of the occasional legendary bad films: the almost indescribable crap that is MYRA BRECKINRIDGE . Gore Vidal's most sold book adaptation (later abandoned by this version of the movie) is a full-length movie about MYRA BRECKINRIDGE, which is so bad that it will be fun for fun from start to finish. The X-rated movie about sex exchange and Hollywood was an absolute disaster at the post office, and both critics and audiences were literally turned off during this release. Not surprisingly, the film got almost legendary cult status among lovers of bad cinema, and I was really excited to finally see it for the first time. <br /> <br /> Director Michael Sarne (who had only two previous credits to his name) took a lot of flack for the finished film and, frankly, it doesn't really seem like a clue about what he was trying to achieve. The film is often inconsistent, with whole sequences being edited so that many scenes become almost incomprehensible. The trick of the archive materials used in the Fox movie vaults and the taking of pictures at regular intervals are also irritating. This means that archival materials from old film stars such as Judy Garland and Shirley Temple are often scenes from fresh movies of fresh sexual acts, and the process just doesn't work as it was intended (it also caused a little confusion as actors) like the temple and Loretta Young sued the studio for using their picture without permission). <br /> <br /> Perhaps Sarne is not the only one charged because the film scenario and casting make many viewers shake their heads unbelievably. For example, this film is asked to believe that the dirty film critic Rex Reed (on his first and last major role in film) could be a sex change operation and become a beautiful sex goddess Raquel Welch! The film becomes even harder when Welch, when Myra is trying to take over his school life, film director John Huston, the director of his legendary film, seduces a female film student (Farrah Fawcett) and teaches the school (Roger Herren) a lesson when raped by a dildo. Did everyone follow that? <br /> <br /> And it gets even better (or worse, depending on your perspective)! I have not mentioned the top-notch star of the film: the legendary 19th-thirties, Mae West! West was 77 when he appeared in this film (he had retired for 26 years), and apparently he still regarded himself as an amazing sex symbol because he was playing with expensive men with hunky men (including young Tom Selleck) dying to him. As if it wasn't bad enough, the toned-deaf West actually makes two newly written songs about halfway through the movie, and I think I could have suffered from these permanent brain damage! Of course, none of this is something that every person with a sensible taste would describe as "good", but I would give MYRA BRECKINRIDGE four out of ten, because it was always ill entertaining even when I had no idea what was going to happen in hell . Also, most cast people are really struggling hard. In particular, Raquel seems so tender-bent that his poorly written part made something meaningful to succeed in watching a single movie. Had he only worked with a decent scenario and a capable director, he would eventually have received some form of criticism. Amazingly upstairs John Huston (who should have guided the picture) has some funny moments, Rex Reed is not bad for the non-actor and Farrah Fawcett is pleasantly fresh and pleasant. Roger Herren is also good, but he didn't appear again in another movie (I think he just couldn't live when he was a man kidnapped by Raquel Welch). And as one might guess from the above description, Mae West agreed to make her movie, but that's part of what makes it fun for those who love bad cinema.
