MYRA BRECKINRIDGE is one of those rare films that set their place in film history right now. The film's praise was absolutely non-existent, even from people involved in making it. This movie was left open from day one. Although every now and then a master who praises the film for philosophical reasons (aggressive feminism or courage to solve the problem of transgenderism) arrives, the film has not developed a culture like some notorious flops. It is not welcomed as a misunderstood masterpiece, such as SCARFACE, or trotted to be ridiculed as a classics like SHOWGIRLS. Undoubtedly the reason is that the film, though terribly awful, is not lovable or even pleasant. MYRA BRECKINRIDGE is just plain clear. As a Hollywood satire, it is cold bloody and mediocre, but hollow in meaningless ways. MYRA takes for granted that Hollywood is a corrupt city, but goes on to attack beloved icons like Laurel and Hardy, Shirley Temple, Judy Garland and Gary Cooper. The film seems to be a whistle in Hollywood. There seems to be some courage, of course, for blaspheming the sacred cows, but does not give any reason to mock. The film is also viscously American and anti-founding and anti-it and anti-it, but all superficial, in the late 1960s, a trendy way. Like CASINO ROYALE; SKI-DOO; I love you, ALICE B. TOKLAS and other future hipsters, MYRA is a medieval vision of hippie-dippy youth culture. He tries to embrace the kind of attitude he reduces. But instead of being cheerfully self-expressing, MYRA does not try to hide everything that is in his understanding from his contempt. MYRA BRECKINRIDGE has a sense of humor; there is no moment of innocence there. His intentions are not honorable. TIME magazine described it as "about as funny as a child's molester", but it's not nearly as sympathetic. <br /> <br /> For example, the poor Mae West wore so much criticism that was directed at a film that is described as looking like everything from an aged queen to a transformed stroller. Obviously, the octogenarian star did not know how ridiculous he was about playing nice talents who loved enough young men to be his grandchildren or even his grandchildren. But the director Michael Sarne had to know, but he still used it. Why? Because he was probably a joke. Just like John Huston, John Carradine, Grady Sutton, Andy Devine, and other film veterans, they're there just to make the film mock its age and use it in its movie trash. They are cast as smarmy in their own parodies, as is Rex Reed, a critic of the arrogant film, cast just like in the movie. But the real reed, celebrity track, jet setting, rumor of the play, can be a funnyly funny joke; but like Myron, myra alter ego, he's just nasty. Again, for Sarne, Reed is joking. <br /> <br /> You look at MYRA BRECKINRIDGE and you don't see the participants, you see the victims. No more than Raquel Welch. Nobody accuses Welch of a big actor, but this is proof of his persistence and his complaint that he lived over this film and that his career flourished. Almost every scene, Welch was targeted and centered on abuse, but for his credit he gives remarkable nuances. Of course, Welch, who focuses on the Huston and almost catatonic West landscapes, doesn't have to do much to achieve a good balance. Nonetheless, he is making his terribly uncomfortable dialogue with the body with ridicule, but with a hint of his own righteous hoax that would give James Bond a proud look. The legend has said that Welch was displaced by a shock-resistant west, and he was repeatedly verbal abuse by director Sarne, not to mention he was in another humiliating scene, making it even more remarkable that he managed to make such a cool and collected performance. <br /> <br /> The only intriguing element of the movie is trying to find out what the agenda of the movie is. The whole story is a fantasy fabel that should show that it has a moral offer, but what it may be is to guess. With all his talks about "the destruction of the last traces of traditional masculinity from the race", he seems to have a feminist ax to grind. But as a feminist, Myra is a monstrous figure, a sexual predator. Besides, Myra is not a woman, but she is Myron's mistake, probably a gay man. This may explain the love / hate attitude of the male rape scene as well as the character's attitude to machos, seemingly straight, the death color of Rusty, but it does not explain his obsession and allegedly lesbian experiment with Farrah Fawcett's Mary Ann. The film is obsessed with sex, but it cannot be blamed for sexual revolution; All sexes are treated as dirty as at least perverse and humiliating. Turning to Gore Vidal's original novel, there is no help because it is both confusing and pointless as a film. <br /> <br /> And this is a rare film that actually seems to hate movies. Not just movies as a business, but also as part of culture. The film itself is a wall-to-wall arcane reference to old films, all of which are directed by the director-director Sarne with embarrassment. He has attacked the 20th-century Fox film buildings and filmed the film with fragments of old films, not as honors or as a social commentary, but to blur the old woman's innocence. How can an artist, if you want to call Sarde, make a work of art when he already hates the environment he is working on? The effort is very self-evident. <br /> <br /> MYRA BRECKINRIDGE does not seem to be anything but nasty. It hates Hollywood, hates America, hates sex, hates gays and straight lines, and women and men and old people and young people, and Laurel and Hardy and well, you name it and probably have a scene that makes it bad. In a very sad and bad way, MYRA BRECKINRIDGE may be the first Punk Manifesto to celebrate pop culture nihilism.
