I bought 4 DVDs in my local Suncoaste for 10 bucks that contained this movie and three more trashy horror flicks (including the sequel "Witchcraft XI"). Basically, I paid a $ 2.50 lower price for this movie when you do math. I can't say exactly that I hung. I have a thing for terrible horror movies, but it's a trash that gives a bad name to the garbage. The budget cannot exceed $ 1,000 (although they seem to spend a total of $ 1.50). I know it's a low-budget movie, but it's not an excuse for a totally lunatic camera job. The Blood Culture, though not very good, was made with an extremely low budget and still had a good camera work and action. The operation of this film is a definition of the term "relaxed", especially with a muscle boy with an accent in Texas. Everyone reads their rows from the page. You can imagine it or literally. I wouldn't be surprised if the script was outside the camera. I said before, I've never seen a bad English actress. This movie has quite a few bad ones. And while English films are not always good, they seem to have at least a level of sophistication, so I don't see why an Englishman or an Englishman is volunteered to make a home-style shock like that. Did Merchant Ivory put his pain in his hands? I usually think that people are too heavy for directors and participants. Even some of the worst films in Hollywood have some professionalism in the management, display and cinematic departments. Even when you watch a movie like "Glitter", you can't honestly say that it looks like a third-class player photographed these scenes (although a third-grade student might have written a script). I've seen home movies that are better than "Witchcraft X", and it's not an exaggeration. Even gore is minimal, because the filmmakers had the money to buy the counterfeit sold at Party City. No effort was made to make this movie - just join it. You get the picture. There's a lot of nudity, though it won't save it. But I have to say that red-orange hair, which is either naked or wearing the whole movie splitting process, is really hot! <br /> <br /> My score: 1 (out of 10)
