but "Cinderella" gets my voice, not just the worst Disney princess movies, but the worst movie the company did during Walt's lifetime. The music is really beautiful and the story deserves to be called "classic". The failure of this film is a character, especially the character of the title, which can only be called "heroine" by the name "the most stubborn". <br /> <br /> After a short prologue, the audience will be introduced to Cinderella. She wakes up in the morning and sings "A dream is to wish her heart." It creates him an idealist (and therefore deserves our compassion). Unfortunately, the script doesn't give us a clue about what it dreams about. Is there a freedom from his role as a servant? Is respect for his family? Someone talk besides mice and birds? In one song (cut from the movie, but with the special features of the latest DVDs), Cinderella links her desire to be able to do her job more effectively. You're going to be a girlfriend! In short, Cinderella is very empty. She passively accepts the abuse of her family life, relieving her of a dreamless message. He confirms that he is another family member. To do this, he is given permission to go to the ball when he finishes his housework and finds something to wear, a symbolic gesture that is absurd to everyone except of course Cinderella. Does anyone see that Belle or Jasmine is such a cover? If Cinderella is bored, her male opponent is inanimate. Cinderella Prints doesn't have a dialogue and almost no screen time. We are not told if he is a good man if he respects Cinderella or something. All we know is 1) he is a prince and 2) he dances well. Heck, even the "Snow White" prince could sing at least a romantic song. Not only is it a lack of development that makes romance less interesting, it makes Cinderella as a social climber or an idiot that weakens its already weakness. <br /> <br /> The animators chose the film for the comic relief, Cinderella's friends, the mice for excessive time. These characters are fun. Even when the comic strips steal the heads of the actors, let's say your story is a problem. <br /> <br /> Dinsey loves to declare all her animated features as "masterpieces". Although many of them are, there are some that do not deserve this appeal. Cinderella is the best example of this fact.
