Steven Vasquez led and wrote with James Townsend, this strange little drama cum horror with probably very good ideas and intentions: make a homosexual film that takes a different story from a regular ticket and makes a drama that wants to be rated as a thriller. So why doesn't it work? For starters, the film loses its direction towards the opening frame and moves in the film with determination, dead, made in making a temporary thriller, but getting aside to satisfy an audience who wants to see naked meetings. Not that it's a bad thing: it can definitely improve some of Hollywood's success movies. The film also tries to talk about the experiences, relationships, disrupted parenting of young men and women, the club scene with the wilds and murder associated with all such events. There is a bit of cramping in the 96-minute movie. <br /> <br /> Devon (James Townsend) is a successful child at all performances, with a kind friend, Jenna (Sarah Kelly), but she is watching the guys and visiting the bar where she meets Brian (Alex Wilson) has been on the same path and offers Devon assistance at every level. They bind, Devon comes out, and the mysteries begin: neighbors are not in the neighborhood, Dr. Devon's father's father psychologist Dr Kirk Tyler (Dan Swett) is not at all what he seems to be and despite Devon's comforting mother Donna (Sonja Fisher) Devon is cast into the streets for his new relationship because of. Tyler is a dark business hunky detective at Cunningham (Earl McDougle) who is probably studying missing boys ... Devon collects his resources from a sympathetic girlfriend Jenna and his crowns and together introduces the group dr. Tyler and his detective are contiguous. And all Donna radiates warmth and understanding as a perfect boy of a gay boy, and so on. <br /> <br /> Some actors like the eye (and the eye is very little, which is not often studied!), but the level of action is lower at all times. The only thing that makes us forgive is that (and in some cases it is too weak to forgive) is the sense of commitment of all parties. Yes, it is a low budget movie and yes, the director needs time to learn his trade. In the end, however, there is something to say that the involved people try to take a homosexual film to a different level. Maybe their next polished. Grady Harp
