... and not well. BASEketball is the most wasted movie in every single way. It is offensive to all senses. It doesn't necessarily bother me, I've seen a lot of bad movies, really bad movies and I see them again. However, BASEketball is a caliber film, with the disappearance of a regrettable 90-minute life. The reason BASEketball offends me is that he celebrates Trey Parker and Matt Stone in the films they didn't write. All the respect I had for David Zucker has long been exhausted. His recent film films are lazy to see and feel pubic by boys. "Airplane" was a revolutionary and very funny comedy looking at the BASEketball that you were surprised to find that they were made by the same person. <br /> <br /> I have so much respect for Trey Parker and Matt Stone. These men are the most entertaining and smartest comedies today. Their pictures and South Park episodes are as important as funny. Every joke, even a joke, is behind intelligence. It is easy to forget that the approach to maturity is ripe. I think BASEketball was a great growing experience for them because they hate the movie for all the right reasons. It is a foolish confusion without dignity or class. Parker and Stone are virtually whimsical. The film plays like a Family Guy 90-minute episode. <br /> <br /> Parker and Stone have never been great actors. They are usable in their films. I can't really find a way to describe my activity in BASEket, except for the fact that they seem to violate spam. Each line is delivered so stupidly. It's like they're trying to joke about this type of picture, and yet they change in the same way. I am reminded of the South Park episode "How to Eat Your Butt", where Cartman sits in a cinema theater that looks at unchecked comedy with no plot or credibility. for this whole picture. Really, it's sad. <br /> <br /> But this is not my problem with BASEketball. My biggest thrilling picture is that I'm sitting there knowing Parker and Stone are deliberately following this mess script. I know that when they went around the devil and rewrote it, it could have saved it to be traceable. There is no sign that Zucker would let them fix the scenes. Parker and Stone are just tools for a bad director. BASEketball has some funny concepts and I think Parker, especially when he was allowed to take the Zuckers script, would have developed them more. Instead, we get potty humor. Don't rent a BASEketball so you can laugh at the same class of schoolgirls who are funny
