If you want a dragon to eat every cast member, you know you're a bad guy. did not descend. Unlike other cheap and unsuccessful films, it is not really funny (and inadvertently) funny. it is very inconsistent. Looking at the past, "small" bugs, such as the 3-hour-growing dragon, are all confused by the whole idea behind it. Look, the film wants us to believe that the dragons came from space as meteorites that were really dragon eggs. After they explained it, they show some peasants kneeling in one of their rain and killing the dragon. Later, the compulsory "crazy scientist" is knowing how dragons survived the dinosaurs. So, apparently, people were around when the dinosaurs were, or we have a small fine hole here. Another big thing is that the laboratory is blown up with "half as strong" as what was used for Hiroshima. Then the two men walked to check everything later and it is almost impatient! There's another dragon that grew out of who knows what. All in all, this is very predictable. As soon as the man mentioned cloning, I thought they would clone the dragon. This means that our Mr. Smarty pants security officer is not as intuitive and intelligent as you would believe in a movie if you ignore that I knew this movie was about, dragons. <br /> <br /> Leaving this aside, the second worst thing is "special effects". Others have mentioned fake stones that fell at first, a CG helicopter and a dragon. It seems a little better than a stain, but it destroyed everything it had when it dropped off the cabin repeatedly. At the beginning of the credit, the flying dragons looked far away (although the cave is probably the worst of the film). There are no scenes that show that images shot in the million differently from the same person are shown. "Introduction" does not reflect vital statistical data. <br /> <br /> In front of the actors, they were not the biggest, but I think they tried at least? They seemed more enthusiastic about what they did than many of the recent "BloodRayne" participants, and you have to give them points about it. One thing I noticed was that the woman playing Meredith was often covered with a face that was much brighter than the rest. He saw he had a bad entrance with a white face. <br /> <br /> The script is bad and cheesy. You don't really notice music, but it's usually not too bad. <br /> <br /> The bottom line is not to see if you don't want to see it because you hear it is bad (as I did), although the only funny things are bad CG effects. Besides, don't waste your time and money.
