I gave this film 5 out of pure regret. My goal is not to break someone's bubble because I've seen, as I've been bothered by other comments, that many movies appreciate this movie. Well, this is not worthy of praise, and I say this because I've seen the original anime, Basilisk, and this film deeply shakes it. Maybe if you see Shinobi alone, you might like it. This is enjoyable thanks to the good choreographic battles that are based on fantasy more than martial arts, and I agree that their beauty is deeply enhanced. But the story is nothing like the original. Now, I understand that if one anime / manga is converted into a movie, certain changes must be made. I did not expect to see the freakish characters of the anime, although they have an established role and some are truly deep and well-designed. But I certainly did not expect to see huge and misplaced changes that fundamentally destroy the whole story. Obviously and unethically damaged characters that have been redesigned by the public may be more loved. For example, Oboro, a sweet, innocent girl in an anime, totally and completely in love with Gennosuke, becomes a brave clan leader in the film. I liked the fact that the woman becomes strong and avoids the restrictions imposed on her (we are talking about Japan, the 17th century), but her mood changes are incredible and poorly written. Hotarubi, one of my favorite characters of the film, but not known for her childish and sensitive nature, becomes pathetic little girls who are not only madly in love like anime, but are more or less worthless content. I could go on as they did on Tenzen, the worst and most dangerous character of Anime, extraordinarily weak and unpleasant, or how the Gennosuke, the guideline, seems to be in the wrong place and confused, let alone the WEAK. The music is beautiful and the picture is amazing, what was expected from the Japanese film and I appreciate it. But don't look at it if you've seen and enjoyed Basilisk, because it's just hopeless. Basilisk, though based on fantasy, elements of horror and largely exaggerated, is great and has so many symbols in its characters, storyline, historical value, and that is, perhaps, a heartache. Shinobi was a waste of time and I couldn't believe it would continue after what was supposed to be the climax. Unfortunately, it seems to me deeply to appreciate the film so harshly, but I will advise you on that. Please look at the anime or at least look at the movie first and fix the picture that Basilisk actually watches while watching the anime. Otherwise, you will be seized if you understand how they have massaged.
