It seems a shame that Greta Garbo ended her outstanding career as a 36-year-old with a ridiculous mistaken identity. Since the success of his first romantic comedy, Ernst Lubitsch's masterful "Ninotchka" (1939), where he was an ideal oyster from Austria, Garbo has reunited with his leading man Melvyn Douglas at the sitcom level, played by Karin Borg, a regular Jane ski trainer who impulsively marries publisher Larry Blake when he hits him. When she has made it clear that work is her priority, Karin accidentally decides to hide Katherine, her big-life twin, to test her husband's fidelity when she is back in Manhattan. <br /> <br /> It is surprising that this infamous 1941 was directed by George Cukor, who led Garb at his greatest dramatic performance on the 1937 Camille, because it is as fingerprint as one could imagine on the legend of the screen. Only someone who had Carole Lombard's natural simplicity and resentment could have escaped S.N. Behrman, Salka Viertel and George Oppenheimer. MGM's intention behind this comedy was to schedule the Garbo picture for a war-time audience to whom the studio's head felt they were not interested in the tragic characters of the thirties. <br /> <br /> Garbo, however, seems to be in a bad position to simplify as a fake partner, Katherine, and especially compared to expert companies such as Douglas and Constance Bennett as a romantic rival Griselda. Uncovered by Joseph Ruttenberg, Garbo sees in many scenes a tired and frightening hairstyle for the chica-choca dance series. The story ends normally, but with a long physical sequence where Larry tries to maneuver his skis in several mountain areas, which unfortunately reminds me of Sonny Bono's death. Roland Young and Ruth Gordon (rarely appear in this career) appear in comic roles such as Douglas's companions. This movie is not yet on DVD and I do not consider it a priority for handover as it is a curio in Garbo's otherwise legendary career. He was known to be quite unhappy during filming. I see why.
