You might be a little confused if you look at this fool from the very beginning, because the list of credits Susan Dey is "a special guest star". Why should a one-time MOW be a guest letter like this? Well, if you stick with it, you'll find yourself with little attention, but Mrs Dey's butt sliding into a flower-like bikini like the "Partridge Family" house babe frolics on the beach that this imaginative title refers to. Susani derrière is particularly convincing when she shakes it at the camera, bullying and beating her pseudo-frustrated brother in a lightly incisive scene. Sadly, Susie and her tush struggle losing in battle: the madness of the sliding TV that could have been on the bottom was three years away, so the sweet harvest will only have a supporting role. In 1976, Fat Freddy Silverman would have put it behind the right and used that flick, like Susan's "Ribbon for Charlie's Angels". As it was, our susana was forbidden to immortality of cheesecake and he had to live a very rewarding career playing gloomy, neurotic women. Landscape is a nice and photographed odd, blurry way that makes you wonder that there may be some creative intelligence behind the camera. No. This is just a typical thriller made from a 70s TV, allowing you to make extra money for weekly stars (and collect cable scraps, though they probably didn't know it at the time) and show you your choice. "We are treated to the scale of tuumaperekonnaga, leaning down to scales, unable to decide whether they are in a motorcycle gang or a hippy culture (and therefore share the filmmakers difference in putting these dunes) and never attended any of the 1970s TV main lessons: Do not bother Dennis Weaveriga ( The only potential for depth in this film is in the characteristic game of Steve's above-mentioned teenage sons, played for a long time by forgotten (if ever remembered) by Christopher Tabor, who should be rebellious and troubling and may feel compassion and attractiveness for law but Steve, as Tabori played (gosh, why didn't we see more of this wunder case?), is actually just terrible and moody and is not a bit inconsistent when the big D gets serious and pulls the line in a proverb (and literally). mother some of you there).
