If this movie plays on TV, you might want to record about 90 minutes of your time and change the channel if you want. There is nothing special here. The story is about two married couples from Arkans who travel with Reno. The couple's number one is Lonnie Earl Dodd (Billy Bob Thornton), who is a car dealer and has problems with marriage. Her husband is Darlene (Natasha Richardson) and has a low self-esteem and has not been intimate for a long time. Lonnie has slept with Candy (Charlize Theron), the wife of her best friend Roy Kirkendall (Patrick Swayze). They all ride in Reno and four of them stay in one luxurious suite. Roy and Candy have tried to get the baby and eventually Candy discovers she is pregnant. But Roy calls his doctor in Arkansas and finds he is sterile. Candy and Lonnie recognize their case and now the whole trip is chaos. This movie has been staged by Jordan Brady and has made some other low-budget movies, but it is his first impression of being impressive. Unfortunately, Brady doesn't show much comedy elegance, but you can't blame him all. This script is not just funny and one of the most striking problems is that characters are written to sitcom. Just because they are all south, it doesn't mean they have to be naive and idiotic. Thornton's character has no complexity to fuck more than dollars. The Swayze symbol is called fool and fool in all films and one of the rare moments comes when he asks everyone to leave him for at least one day. Penelope Cruz opens up as a prostitute and is totally worthless and pointless. He doesn't speak more than 3 or 4 lines! I think he made a commitment to Harvey and Bob Weinstein, who are the filmmakers. The only person who really isn't bad is Richardson. We look at him more confidently, but this film's line is very obvious and cliché. All these participants should know better and find it difficult to understand that they all read and liked the script. This is a total waste of time for these participants, but at least they received a reward. As for viewers, miss it!
