There are a lot of movies that have created release dates just to get some sort of legal snafu and then put on it for a long time. You can only want a movie like rotting, because "Slackers" remained a coma that is worth what is small. The release dates were constantly changing for a truly terrible movie that is as much as it deserves radar. The premise lies in the shadow of Ethan, a horrible nerve with a frightening obsession with the university bomb Angela. Ethan is attacking the help of David and his friends who have been trained with shocking strokes to help Angela win. I don't want to give out a spoiler, but for a piece of mess I can do, I can make an exception. Angela falls to David, Ethan screws all intentionally, good guys win. In short, this happens to another tired, innovative service mode. Strange humor is funny, it has always come from the day of the immortal classic "animal house", modern ones like "There's Something About Mary" and "Road Trip" among dozens of others to mention too much. But if you use it as a plot point, Ethan can only find so many cases that Ethan has Angela's doll, which consists of his individual hair layers, which he knows about God. Nobody wants to see Ethan urinate in the shower when he sings. No one wants to see a young man who sings "He comes down the hill" with a penis sock. But nothing can prepare you if you see a full visual attack of the 50-year-old Mamie Van Doren at the age of 71. I don't know if this is a story about the lack of unity that cuts scenes that have no sense. Director Dewey Nicks was a former fashion photographer and after reviewing this film you may want to go back to the profession. The worst thing you can do on any movie is that it looks like you're having fun because you reduce your goals, such as "Slackers", burying it from the collection of visuals on this plot. vignettes and lack of construction. It's like a college student drunk, took his camcorder and shot a lot of random crap and made it together. If you want to see a teen brand comedy that is really good then I recommend "American Pie" and "Animal House" or "Road Trip", just something that is fun and not terrible bad like "Slackers". Randomly, Cameron Diaz in this film does a camera as he did in another bad movie, such as "The Sweetest Thing", where the story treats brutal humor as a second plot, rather than a device similar to the disaster. Slackers at your local video store, just keep walking and let it end at the bottom of the shelf as it deserves.
