I don't usually write a comment if there are so many others, but this time I feel I have to. I've been talking about taste in another review, saying it's all in the eyes of the viewer, but when that movie is, if you like it, it just means you have a bad taste. <br /> <br /> I love movies. I loved "Isle of the Dead", a pretty unknown B&W movie. I even liked "Scream" and "Scary Movie". I liked these movies because they have, if not many, at least something good of them. I appreciate 99.9% of the movies I've seen because they talk about a story I've never heard before, and most of the directors only make movies with good events. Throughout this movie, I thought, "Where's that going?" (even close) "Where did they get these terrible actors"? "Was it supposed to be a joke?" and the like. For obviously turbulent reasons, I was skeptical, but I was hoping that it might perhaps make a movie and prove that I haven't wasted my time. Unfortunately, I was wrong. Initially the bad start and the deformation actually destroyed all the hopes. Here's a relief: Storyline? Like the first film that was fine, it's slow and rare without the audience being involved with characters or situations. The situations are remarkable and low and completely boring and predictable. Twist was terrible, it didn't make me feel like excitement or WOW. Just "My God". There was nothing in the film that you could watch and think "Oooo wasn't that smart" because it wasn't. At the end of the "Fighting Club" there are setbacks that show the bits where Tyler's true identity was shown, and when you looked at it again, you saw it more, it was really a genius, how it was written, placed and directed. It was a pointless experiment with awesome twists. I think it was "wild things" that was like a pretty double twist and I still liked the movie because the rest was OK and it didn't try to be too complicated. Such as the CI2 writer thought it would be the best twist. But really, its just a bad story with bad twists at dump. The film ended almost immediately after the entire film reversed Sebastian's entire story, which means that it does not mean anything and a terrible, semi-forced paedophile, which ended up with a young and innocent actor. Acting? participants in this film are terrible. Almost as bad "Sunset Beach". - Especially bright and bad. It's not so bad that it's good like "Hunk." The worst action I thought came from Amy Adams, who played for Kathrin, was his rigid, pathetic and poorly thought out result. Robin Dunne was also poor. I haven't seen "American Psycho II" yet, but undoubtedly his "back" "cool" style has destroyed this movie. <br /> <br /> I can't even say it's a good movie for teenagers, if not. If my son or daughter liked this film, I would be ashamed. But they wouldn't be anyway, because they would take into account all the things that make a good movie that this film doesn't have. Really. I am disappointed that some have said, "You may not be in the age range of this movie and do not like it" I like all the movies that I liked as a teenager and had a very good taste. Do you really think that when you reach 20+, do you not like a teenage story? I liked the "Mean Girls" and other general teen movies and watch all the time at Beverly Hills 90210. There's no excuse for bad leadership, action, and scenario. Besides, I was 16/17 when I first saw it. If something is older, it just makes the terrible movie a better judge. I can't believe anyone can give it to 10/10, one of my favorite movies is "Memento" and I gave it 9 as I know it might be better. It is a disgrace for this site that people do it, give it slowly in the 10th century, or do not get movies / show, and give it 2. <br /> <br /> Anyone who liked this movie should really change their tastes and maybe their lives, and we understand that this is the worst film EVER. (worse than "Loch Ness") <br /> <br /> If you are not a bad-tasting teenager or just do not feel bad taste, you will definitely hate this movie.
