Alright usually I am not so harsh steep especially when the first film is done well and was finally a good movie. In 1999, I felt one of the five most important films was cruel intentions. It was all that should be a great movie, except for the original story, adapted from a novel that was still fucking good. There is a Cruel Intentions 2, which was supposed to be just a film opener based on the film manchester prep. It must not happen. In fact, after I see this movie small, I understand. Before it started, I was at least a writer and director Roger Kumble. Well 1 minute to this movie I was disappointed. It starts with the opening of the original, instead of the different twist of the twist, instead of reducing the daughter's naked image online, which puts the school directors' spouse's school catalog naked. It would have been good if the lady didn't like it 50. And basically the rest is the original copy of the movie. What I understand, if nothing is wrong, leave it as it was. But you can't do it with the movie. This is actually a prequel that gave him the opportunity to just see how they turned out in Part 1. But Sebastian is more or less just a walker, and Kathryn is himself and turning a sebastian into a sexual predator. real story, this movie was not the basis for it. Whoever did this thing was far away. They could at least have tried to get people who looked like original, but no, they just hired a lot of very beautiful actors. I use this term even though I don't know why. They certainly didn't make this movie. <br /> <br /> All this film is a set of one lining that doesn't even fit in with the original mindset, and some of them did, but it was just because they were part 1. Another bad point was, in part, that you could understand that they need to pay attention, because the parents of the road did not participate in having it and were used badly, as if to show why the children are such. It didn't work though. The best thing about the original was that the chemistry they got into this world was cast. The screen tension that was there made the movie what it was. This thing really destroys the experience of this first experience.
