When the movie started, I was shocked to see that it was filmed with a cheap camcorder! In fact, the camera shakes and looks worse than the average home movie. Even for DVD movies, production results should be better! Heck, most of the home videos uploaded to YouTube are better product values! Too often, it seems that the film is made by pasting the camera on a tripod and turning it on - without a camera person! Some scenes in which they have worked have drawbacks and something similar to camera work, and others have too many or badly framed close-ups. Yecch! The film is about two gay men who want to get married. As if it were almost ten years ago, their only chance would be to marry Vermont. However, the recent acceptance of homosexual marriage cannot in any way be attributed to this film - if it is something, it set back the supporters of homosexual spouses instead of helping to smell the film and never trying to seriously tackle the problem. According to the film, religious people are one-dimensional idiots who carry the whole Bible and let both men and women who have gay husbands narrowly think when they learn the lives of their spouses. I am sure this will give a fair opportunity to both sides on this issue! <br /> <br /> The bottom line - nothing about the film shows professionalism at all and I even hesitate to name this movie. It is more like a home movie and it is not even worthy of the IMDb list or even the bottom of IMDb's list of the 100 slowest movies. Operation is terrible, writing is terrible, the direction (if it is even) is terrible, camera work is terrible and the plot is terrible. This is home movie !! There is nothing positive I can say about it except that it makes Ed Wood's films an Oscar competitor and I'm sure that Mr. Wood's ghost smiles every time someone watches for this mess! <br /> <br /> I don't care if you're gay or straight - this movie isn't worth your time and I don't know how they managed to create DVDs. I assume that one actor will burn them at home in their computer at leisure! Seriously, it gives a new meaning to the word "bad"! <br /> <br /> By the way, if one of the women in the movie was a real lawyer, wouldn't reading ability be an important prerequisite? Finally, if gay marriage is such a serious and important topic, do we have such a film that is better than what the problem deals with? Unfortunately, this is only laughter.
