The worst movie is that people often throw it at IMDB here. Whether it is Uwe Boll's film, bad classics like Manos Hands fate or the last summer summer activities of Michael Bay, people are often quick to jump to the unexpected conclusion that they post on the board that there is nothing worse in the film world. <br /> <br /> I envy these people because they are blissfully unaware and do not know how deep the rabbit movie is made in real time. There are so bad, so terrible, so inadvertently fun and so ridiculous movies that the cult forms around them are a sign of their horror and their discussion boards are the most inseparable places on the internet, because everyone agrees unanimously that the film is really so bad. Ladies and gentlemen, I present to you, Ben and Arthur, a 85-minute gay guy that is so bad that it's much like a violent car accident, you know it's terrible, but you can't stop looking at it. The self-proclaimed "Hollywood actor, director" brainstorming, and I can add the beach whale Sam Mraovich, this film is legendary terrible. Let me give you a hint about how the ego led this project. Mr. Mavovich not only directed this film but wrote, produced, executed it, threw it, edited it and finally played it. It is a man who is so blinded by his own ego and so believing in his non-existent genius that he does not admit how catastrophic the creation of his tremble really is, like someone with a ugly child. <br /> <br /> Everything in this movie fails at an ethical level, the actress is the worst thing you will ever see, the plot is the most laughable, editing and cinematography is the most amateur, and even music is like chalkboard nails. I know I am a little bit tangled here, but please believe me that this movie is really as bad as I describe it, I would say that this movie is a crap of horses being filmed, but the truth is not filmed even on film, this is made on a digital video camera, not much better than what sits in your closet right now in dust collections. Don't get me wrong, forgive films for low budgets, provided the concept is interesting, for example, as much as I didn't want it. Blair's witchcraft project proved that low budgets can still bring a film of interest to the atmosphere. Ben and Arthur have no good idea to restore, even if this film is made with 20 million budgets, along with Hollywood's best actors who are still breastfeeding, the plot is that it is cruel and the characters are even worse. One of the main characters of Arthur, represented by other than Sam Mraovich, is one of the toughest small twigs ever put on film. You don't like him for 5 minutes after the movie starts and at the end of this movie that hatred has become a direct evil. Obviously Mraovich forgot that we had to root the hero. <br /> <br /> I don't want to spoil the whole gut that you look at when watching this movie (what I'm not asking for) so I'll give you two tease examples of how stupid this movie is, taming and light like the film's least offensive mistakes. In one passage we hear that one of the main characters says "they know a good lawyer and give him a call" when the shots disappear, then disappear, and the HIM they were talking about is actually a woman, quite a remarkable mistake to make post-production think. The second is simple, the seconds after this transsexual lawyer see that the characters are called to fly to Vermont, then the picture is cut from an airplane that lets in a sunny area between palm trees. I've never been to Vermont personally, but I'm sure there's no palm trees out there. <br /> <br /> Imagine that such a foolish amateur inconsistency ranges up to an hour and a half with a ridiculous dialogue and primed and then multiplied by 10 and does not make you completely for Ben and Arthur. Imagine the absolute worst film you have seen in your life and imagine that it is even worse and that you are still not at the same level as Ben and Arthur, this movie is really so bad. <br /> <br /> We should be happy, such films are a real rarity. They give us hope that one day we can become filmmakers or that we can be screenwriters. Just because we have a new sense of trust found because we know that something we don't produce, no matter how the amateur could be so much sucked as this. <br /> <br /> The ultimate in the end is the worst movie called Ben and Arthur.
