I made a big mistake of watching this movie a couple of nights ago. God, I'm still trying to recover. This movie does not deserve even 1.4 average. IMDb must have a 0 vote rating for movies that really deserve it. 1.4 is too high. <br /> <br /> I had heard how terrible this movie was, but I really didn't think the film could actually be so bad, especially this day and age. I thought all cheesy godly movies were only in the 1950s and 1960s. My God was wrong. Trust me, people, this movie is really that it is. It's terrible; it is not pathetic; it is beyond any word I mean for that. BATTLEFIELD EARTH looks like the best movie compared to the annual movie. SNAKE ISLAND (which until now was the worst film I've ever seen) looks like it deserves some oscarees compared to its pathetic effort. it was a legitimate serious effort to create a Hollywood movie. It has no movie. In the first 25 seconds of the film, I was serious about looking at some high school theater class trying to make a short film. Or better, I thought it was some Saturday night. I mean, it looks exactly like that. Operation is terrible; the whole movie looks almost like it was a 20 year old VHS camcorder. special effects ....... a good lord Every day after the reverse day there were better special effects than this movie. The scene in which he hits the door is outside the ridiculous and outside of the cheese. I mean seriously, my Intro to Acting class since 4 years ago in college, we could all have made a better movie. And the worst part of the whole movie, where Arthur is naked in the bathroom. Oh, my God, I'm almost up there. I have a strong stomach, but it was terrible. Some people should never be naked and one of them. The plot of this movie just seems to be nowhere. They are talking about the legal issues we have never heard of; Ben talks about the music we've never heard of; arthur says he is looking for work and money for college and the next thing we see is where he works in a porn shop. Everything about the movie is just terrible. <br /> <br /> This is not really related to my criticism, but just as everyone knows I'm not a gay man. However, I support gay rights and I believe that all of us should be treated equally. And I would support all gay people in your church, unlike the brutal priest of this film, who would otherwise seem to look every other word. (WHERE IS F * (# * ing white out?) Hahaha But I didn't want anyone to think I hated this movie just because it's about two gay men. It has nothing to do with: it would have been the same horrible movie if it were Ben & Arthur instead of Ben & Jill. <br /> <br /> I just watched this movie to see if it was really as bad as they say I was reading. Let this be a warning to everyone: NEED watch this movie if you just want to sit down and laugh at how bad films can be in the 21st century. If you watch this movie and are really looking for a good movie or some entertainment, I have no compassion for you. <br /> <br /> Thought: How in the world is IMDbis 7 movies that are below? is worse than that!
