The hell of this movie was bad. I just looked at it as a joke. It's not so bad that it is unintentionally good. This movie seemed to be designed to hate me personally. It worked really well. Just like the people who did it, all the really annoying things about the movie PRIEST, which have been added to a lot of disgusts, took something interesting, funny or even far sexy and smartly out and then added the old rotten cheese to the pile. It's all that. Cheese. There is no one that this film could combine. There is no universe where this film could take place. Why can't such a film be just about enjoying life and being happy? Why did they have to make this idea of ​​a fool movie even more ridiculous? Why didn't they at least try to film it properly or even make a B movie. Now that I mean, what did they bounce with this movie? I was looking at a campy love story and instead I got a dull student project for some idiots who have to find the strength and courage to marry when his annoying Christian brother tried to destroy it !!! No, I'm not kidding. That's it. Does it sound good? This film is quite unknown to the people of Christ's religion, because all Christians who are loose, rude and hellbent are stereotyped, making as many people as unhappy as possible. Many Christian people I know will never talk and behave like these freaks. But the film is both unfair and aware of the gay community. These must be the most tasteful crafted stereotypical gay men who are the men of this radio station on this ROADKILL video game. It is so nervous and just irritates the point that I was not able to pay full attention to this film. The creators of this train-wreck did not have a strategy for design, operation, camera angles, lighting, script, authenticity, or idea to be entertaining or interesting. There is not even a single sex scene or at least not credible. Jamie Brett Gabel was the only guy in the movie who saw anything good, but his good appearance was unfortunately wasted. It's a trash. In a perfect world, this film became 0.0. Only a film is worth 0. A nun with a mental disability who is blind, deaf and has small small bones for his hands and feet and whose face is on his armpit could write, direct and produce a better film, and he would probably be a better actor. the fact that this film exists is a crime against the word "film". This movie is so bad that other movies should shame in the same guarded format. I could put a broom on the chair and then save it with the camera and then stop the movie and then replace it with a mini-x tree and then save it and I've already made a movie that's always better than BEN & ARTHUR at least half. There are only two things worse than death. Torture and BEN and ARTHUR viewing. I'm homosexual and I'm probably the most homosexual person you ever meet when you ever met me, and I don't think I've ever offended the whole movie when I was in the first five seconds. movie alone. If this movie was a mistake, I personally find a way to change the famous phrase "It's okay to make mistakes" that "It is a mistake to make mistakes if this error wasn't BEN & ARTHUR." You know how people always say things, "Good things are all out!" I think BEN & ARTHUR was invented mainly so that there could be something on earth that wouldn't be good. This is the worst movie I've ever seen to call this movie, giving it too much credit. It would be like this movie just to be able to qualify for this category. There are good movies, bad movies and then there is BEN & ARTHUR. This is BEN and ARTHUR.
