For the sake of summary (each gay video these days the cover is covered; it doesn't necessarily have to be interpreted as a good sign) I bought BEN and ARTHUR without knowing anything about it. This is my second one (and I assure you this is my last one) buying a CULTURE Q CONNECTION video. As for me, this DVD is nothing more than a dirty burst. I do not make this observation lightly? I am a collector of big videos, gays and mainstream, and I can say with some authority and without hesitation that BEN and ARTHUR are just the worst film I've ever had in my life. Period. There are over 1600 movies in my collection (93% of them on DVD) and over 300 of them are gay and lesbian. I hardly embrace any gay movie ever made, but I've said comfortably that I buy almost any interesting video that is released, and very often I buy videos without knowing anything about the movie. Sometimes it's a pleasant surprise - Aimee & Jaguar, it's in the water, Urbania and Normal have all the examples of great gay titles that I accidentally hit. So when I read from the box that BEN and ARTHUR touched on a conflict between gay lovers and Christian law, one of my favorite objects, I decided to see a sudden sight, despite the fact that I bought the Q CONNECTION title of another culture, VISIONS. SUGAR PUMPS. This movie was pretty bad, but compared to BEN and ARTHUR it looked like GONE WITH WIND. What was wrong with BEN and ARTHUR? Much! First of all, the "plot" as it was completely ridiculous. This film made me sympathetic to Christian law? we are asked to believe not only that the church is expelling a member because his brother is gay, but that the priest would actually have created a homosexual couple to save his souls (as is even meaningful). Writing is so bad that many scenes make no sense at all and many plot points do not reflect logic, follow-up, or story. Murder and violence seem to be acceptable ends for both sides of homoactivists and right-wing conflicts, and the actor is so bad that it is hard to imagine how someone in this movie is hired. Characters that should be straight are almost exclusively gay and illiterate stereotypes that are at first; Gay characters are neither sexy nor interesting. This movie is enough to stop anyone buying gay videos, and the distributors should be ashamed. The only advantage of this image on my second CULTURE Q Connection, VISIONS OF SUGARPLAMS, is that it has a clear clear dialogue. Hardly distinguished, because the script is so unlikely that understanding the script will only help you to know better how bad this movie really is. It's embarrassing to Queer's culture and I'm going to warn everyone I can get before they waste my money. At $ 9.95, this movie would have been overestimated; I understand that soon it will be under $ 20, which is the kidnapping of the STILL road. I paid the initial price of $ 29.95 and I never felt more deceived in my life. The only real laughter associated with it is reviews? I've seen this movie on "users reviews" on several websites, and there is always one or two "praise" directors / writers / actors so it is obvious that the reviewer is the friend of this Ed Wood wannabe. When sad. When desperate. I just want IMDb to allow you to set zero stars - or even minus zero. Once the movie deserves it, it's like that.
