If there was a film worth ten out of ten, it would be so. The "death house" defines the term "bad film" again. Other bad movies, such as "When Foreign Speeches" or "Surprises", actually look much better than "dead house". The "plot" of a dead house house is a group of twenty people traveling to a remote island to participate in a "century rave". When they get there, they find just a few tents, a bar, a stage and some bloody t-shirts. They still decide to stay and the zombies will attack them soon. <br /> <br /> There is no redemption for this movie. It's not fun. Instead it is painful to look at it because it is terrible. Operation is incredibly bad. In a DVD interview, one actor claimed that director Uwe Boll was not afraid to talk to anyone when they were doing a good job or working in the scene. It's a blatant lie. The script seems to have been written by an 11-year-old who decided to add a throwing scene to a girl's chest and add a fun line, "it smells like someone out of here." The characters do not have personality or depth, and they do some things that they have ever seen in the horror film. Somewhere along the way, the characters are magically turning into a SWAT team to take away the zombies. It's like they don't even have to catch their weapons and they automatically shoot zombies with the head. <br /> <br /> The most frightening thing in this movie is management. There is something wrong with Uwe Boll. The work of the Boll camera is amazing. Zombies containing pans through its forest are more stupid than threatening. Worse still, Boll thought it would be a good idea to include a low-frame material from the Dead House of Dead video game. Quite often and in the most casual times, you suddenly see an animated zombie. It's not logical. Nobody believes it was a good idea. It's like Boll reminds us that this movie should be based on a video game. Uwe Boll also decided that it would be stylish to include slow-motion 360-degree rotating shots during operations at 'The Matrix'. Unfortunately, he does it too often and every shot is nausea. The soundtrack of this movie also has a sense. Most action scenes come with a loud rapier. It also adds the subsequent headache caused by a terrible dead house. <br /> <br /> "Dead House" is not bad because it is based on a video game. In fact, this has very little to do with the video game. It is also not in the category "so bad that it is good". However, it fits into the category "so bad that it is painful". This movie just sucks. Uwe Boll should never be shot anywhere near another movie. Even his presence changes production. For all the directors there: if one of the films goes bad, you must remember that you did not make a "dead house" and feel much better. I'll never get those 90 minutes back from my life. All in all, words cannot really describe how bad this film is. Anyone involved in the production of this film, especially Uwe Boll, should be ashamed. Although what I have said can be a funny "dead house" sound, it is not really. Nothing is funny. Avoid it at all costs.
