Okay, so I'm not a big video game, but it was a game of House of the Dead really famous enough to make a movie? Of course, they went so far that they made fast video clips throughout the film, just as they would justify a certain scene of violence, but there are dozens and dozens of games that look exactly the same at the bottom of the hand, supposedly keeping yours, any weapon and all kinds of aliens or walked dead or sniper gun and any incident. <br /> <br /> This is an interesting prerequisite for a funeral home with many college kids (LOADED college kids, as it were, kids who can pay some $ 1,500 for a fisherman only to drive after they leave their boat ), trying to get out of it, which should be the rave. year. The first thing that needs to be remembered after looking at the body is that it has become increasingly clear that today's horror films have become something other than the possibility of creative training to get the hardly hidden teenagers into that very much. in the same situations. At least in this case, the girls' dresses are apologizing for the fact that they were on the road rave. They look like little straps around the forests that are badly in place, but at least they thought they were dressed by then. <br /> <br /> Clint Howard, which is probably the most interesting film close-up, gives an absolutely terrible result, the size of which shades the actor of every other film. I can't stand it when well-known actors change their accents in movies, it's so rarely effective, and Howard here shows that even a well-known actor pretends he's a tempered fisherman on Sabbath. He didn't even sink well. It seemed like he was eating a cinnamon roll before taking a picture and accidentally inhaling some powdered sugar or something. Real tough, Clint! I waited for him more, but then he accepted that confusion. <br /> <br /> When we get to the island, the film will temporarily become one of the 13 th films that took place at Lake Camp Crystal. Many teenagers play with actors who were too old to have their parts naked and then killed. Nudity was impressive, but I think we'll consider something in minutes. These kids pay for this island to go to Rave year, find almost two big ones, find none and say well who wants beer! Even a guy who pulled this wallet out of hundreds to get them all over there didn't think about finding the whole bar and no lonely people. Here is the contribution of the General Director Uwe Boll - is alcohol! They do not notice that the party they came up with consists of nothing but themselves! <br /> <br /> So not only do they start drinking, but do not take into account the fact that the whole party seems to have been released from the island, but when one of the girls goes into dark forests to find out where everything is (dragging another girl and one of the boys reluctantly overthrows), decide that this man and girl who are left behind will decide that it would be a great idea now, when they are alone, to slip. It's like they were waiting for the island to be empty, and now that they had left the rest of the people they came with, they would have privacy because there was no one else. Brilliant! <br /> <br /> Now, what all hated, evaluating the reviews about the movie. Yes, the images left in the video game are film, mostly to show that yes, the movie was faithful / direct copying to the video game. Of course it was a stupid idea. I can't imagine who imagined this little nugget, but worse than the Matrix-type ball scenes that were thrown over and over and over and over again. After the first time (when I found that this kind of film is pleasant and cheesy as if it was something original), it is more noticeable for the technique of taking on itself than for the dramatic meaning or creation. Any tension for the film. <br /> <br /> One thing that makes the zombie film frightening and takes you to the edge of your seat is that it stays slowly but relentlessly living for people who are much faster but tired, running out of space, and a terrible shortage of the things zombies fight. The first two have been made right in the film, the children are scared and they have not many islands because they are on the island, but because they have traveled with the traveler, they find themselves heavily armed. And I mean it very strongly. I mean, these people have everything from machine guns to hand grenades that will remove most of the tension that the dead dead will be. <br /> <br /> Then you have what I call the techno-slasher scene. Since the rave never happened and I think that because Uwe Boll thought people were disappointed if they didn't listen to any music in the movie, there is one scene in the middle where all the people are fighting dead and amazingly enough it becomes a music video. There's a blast of techno-music, because shots are edited faster and faster until it's nothing more than a blurry picture, usually only about 5 frames (which is about 1/6 second) that blink all the time on the screen with high-speed music. I think wisely, but it has no place in the fear film, because it completely removes any form of fear or even tension, because you don't see any thing long enough to respond to it. You just look at these shots across the screen and think about what the devil director was thinking when he decided it would be a good idea to put on this movie. <br /> <br /> have seen many people compare this movie to Resident Evil, claiming that it copies this assumption and they are exactly right. I understand that at least here, as was not the case with Resident Evil, man did not make man-made virus dead, which could infect other people by changing them as vampires make other vampires. 28 days later, it was clearly an inspiration for the film, it is just too bad that the dead house did not do one original thing, except for the somewhat moral idea of ​​putting a video game on which it is based, just in case you forget it. I really think it should have been a much better film. Although I probably can't say that I know a lot about the game, just the title and the poster of the movie deserve a much better film, but unfortunately I think it is more often than not with horror films. It's really sad when a movie appears that is so clearly advertised as a captured horror film, and the more frightening thing in the whole movie is the closing picture that refers to the sequel.
