First of all, I didn't know the corn and the monsters until I watched it. I did not know about the role-play behind it or the fact that it was "Made for For TV". When I looked at the cover (updated DVD), I thought it would be another Fantasy adventure like "Legend", Tom Hank as a hungry hero of the 1980s entering the mythical world to save the princess from the evil maze filled with monsters . It looks exciting, right? This is what the cover suggests to you at first glance. I was given this film as a gift, apparently under the same assumption, because my aunt knows that I am a filmmaker with medieval myths. And this is Tom Hanks, one of my favorite actresses. So I jumped into this movie, waiting for Tom Hanks to have a good feel for the 80s special effects world that would be a good laugh. <br /> <br /> No! None of this happens. Now, before I go, I admit that I'm joking, but I have no interest in role-playing games. It is all this film is that my interest in content is at best lukewarm. And M&M (Copyright Infringement?) Is not even a good role-playing movie where loving gays use their imagination to enter the awesomeness world. No! This is a role-playing game that must be done by some religious people (the same people who think Barney is Satan's work.) I understand that Satan is a cunning companion, but I don't think he's desperate enough for the soul RPG lovers can worship him. This film is THEE anti-gamer film. That's what I get from this movie: it hates RPGs and not just having fun with people who play a role-playing game, but putting a poor patient on the poor Tom Hanks. <br /> <br /> Tom had an excuse to talk to the Castaway volleyball, the poor man was alone, but Tom somehow made his madness and literally saw the palm of his palm-loving character through Tom's good deeds. I wish I watched this movie instead. In this movie, Tom attacks the belief in the dragon creature (it looks like a poorly made RPG team mascot) and has a shared personality that is at best horrible. Tom's behavior only goes beyond feeling bad about your character and nothing else. I get that poor guy lost his brother and is not in the right place, so the film won't win points that he is deliberately tragic. I'm not one of those movies that use mental illnesses, and ending "M&M" made me feel like cr * p. Luckily, I later looked at Hudson Hawk and got a laugh before my soul was broken later. Yes, "HH" exceeds "M&M". . . a lot! It's not one of Tom's best films. In fact, this is your most depressive film I've ever seen (even saving 'Ryan' is not frustrating). I was hoping to feel a good movie and I felt the opposite. If you want to watch a sad (both emotionally and visually) movie, always look at it. When this movie transmits a message, it is as follows: "Do not play RPGs when you are a Coco-puff."
