The psychology of this movie is really strange to find out. He is often settled as an anti-RPG movie, but it's not that easy. There are obvious contradictions here that make me wonder what (if any) they are trying to say about the game. <br /> <br /> They bring in all the characters at home who have parents who are divorced, alcoholic and completely unaffected by their lives, except for those times when they have been severely put under pressure. Tom Hanks is arguably the worst because he just failed from another school and is still dealing with a lost and dead brother. <br /> <br /> He mentioned a few times that they were playing a game to work through their real life problems. And definitely, finally, when they go to see Robbie (Hanks), they are all happy and well regulated, starting with their adult career, solving problems, putting up games (Daniel doesn't even want to make a computer) games, and even Robbie's mother is constantly drunk and happy, is suddenly Happy Homemaker, looking for fresh and brilliant and arranging flowers. Of course, JJ suddenly (and quite gladly) decides to commit suicide, but the reason seems to be completely because he is a lonely boyfriend who does not get a date, not because his character dies like the famous Jack Chick tract (which happens later, and almost seems to do it with the purpose of being able to finish the Daniels game and get everyone to play. In fact, the live-action role-playing game in the cavities seems to be the only thing that saves him from killing!) and what may be the coolest table in the movie, Kate, who sees great emails posting, looks directly at the camera and says something, "The most frightening monsters are our own minds." <br /> <br /> The biggest fantasy element in this movie is the two fingers that move the rich pair so they can rob the black, homeless of their magical beans. A recurring theme (the 80's journey) might have been a pleasure at the end, but the way the movie was launched is downright frustrating and seems inappropriate. And in the case of one final mystery, our hero, carrying the full Pardu regalia, is a psychotic fracture, his character becomes full and begins his quest, so the first thing he does is to become a 20th-century street dress. <br /> <br /> So the film may be irrational, but I think it is an irrational theme. These days, children with pimples and pencils were considered spoiled and possible, and you can go crazy when they talk about your mumbo-jumbo. The paranoia of the game is summed up in the first scene, where the reporter asks the policeman what is going on, the policeman says the kids lost in the tunnels and there is a chance that Mazes and Monsters are somehow related. The reporter admits that the game is vaguely familiar (although he allows his children to play it), he turns to the camera and rolls a polished spiel, which accuses the game of everything and acknowledges any other explanation. Finally, this is not a masterpiece, but interesting when it comes to films made with television.
