A few weeks ago, in an advertisement for the German broadcaster "SAT1" this movie as "TV annual event" - sorry, but this year I saw better things on television. <br /> <br /> I didn't do a lot of thought about this movie, but I soon remembered two more horrible movies when I looked at the commercial - namely Titanic and Pearl Harbor - because the picture seemed so familiar: "Heroin" (when I really call him it) in the middle and his two "close" next to him - Pearl Harbor, anyone? In fact, the love story is a poor man's version of Pearl Harbor and it was already bad! <br /> <br /> But as I like watching movies and analyzing their patterns, I finally decided to look at this garbage. The film begins with a doctor who leaves his family against a military strike with Russia until the end of the third Reich, allowing his wife to return. Now in the spring of 1948: Germany lost the war and allies and Russia hit the country and they both tried to eliminate each other from the power of the world and their ideologies: capitalism and communism. Well, I think you already know it because you have to know it - the movie doesn't know that much and literally takes historical facts. The film attempts to portray the US government as angels and completely ignores the contributions of other countries during the airlift, especially Britain, which was responsible for almost a quarter of the races, despite their country being bombarded with a country they were trying to help. <br /> <br /> What was quite annoying was the historical remarks made by people in the movie when the hero's mother tells her daughter that there might be a double answer in Germany like, "It's impossible!" Or, if Stalin (where the director thought we had to look like an actor, and he looks like it), says Russia must stop Coca Cola spreading in Germany. Yes, if Stalin ever said something like that. Or is it one US pilot who tells his fellow meats and all possible bread - please! Burgers were invented with WAY before that time. <br /> <br /> In the movie, you once saw a card showing airline companies, it just seems that the card looks like it came directly from a laser printer - '48. US General Lucius Clay, whose main idea was to stay in Berlin, is depicted as a man who is medium and harsh, and all the ideas he historically had as an aerial lift and the idea of ​​improving it came from the fictional character of Phillip Turner, the love of the main actor who takes me to other aspects: There aren't enough African-American soldiers in the movie, there were two in the movie. Also, relations between US soldiers and German civilians were not allowed, and a US soldier would have gone home by uncovering such a relationship. I don't want to say that there was no relationship at all, but there were a couple in this movie that almost married when it wasn't on the pilot's death on his fake CGI plane, which seemed terribly unrealistic, especially the CGI fire! <br /> <br /> If this movie wasn't enough, the Americans spoke of an accentless German language, even though they were only in Germany for a few months - see that I am an American who lives in Germany for my life and even has a small accent. The child was particularly bad - the kids saw two expressions on their face: "Normal-I-look-monotonous-a-robot" and stacking. <br /> <br /> The whole movie was boring from start to finish, moving too slowly, especially the love story that was in Pearl Harbor, just half the dialogue. The sad part is that the film was very successful - 8.97 million looked at the first part and 7.83 million the second day after SAT1 won two consecutive wins in the overall market share and the alternating victory in the commercial group. But as I always think, the biggest bunch of bulls are where most fly.
