First of all, I should mention that I really enjoyed ISHII Katsuhito's previous film "The Shark Skin Man and Peach Hip Girl". Though the debt to Tarentino's "Pulp Fiction" owed, Ishii's task was to bring the story up and the whole film broke with energy. Especially interesting were the scenes between ASANO Tadanobu and GASHUIN Tatsuya. There was action, intrigue, odd character, enough sex to keep things interesting, and a totally unpredictable story. <br /> <br /> So I started watching "Party 7". And my enthusiasm was definitely opened up with credits that left my husband and I really wondering how dynamic and exciting they were; anime and live-action work was great! Then the real movie started. In fact, it was not so much a "start" as mixing and stopping inside the side door, pocketing through the pockets, looking at the discomfort. <br /> <br /> The whole movie is in three rooms. One of them is a futuristic voyeur paradise (borrowed a little "Shark Skin Man ..."), another is a travel agency office and the third (and most widely used) is a sweet hotel room. There are seven characters in this room and ... nothing. Really. I'm not stranger to "talking" movies. One of my all-time favorites is "My Dinner with Andrei", which is the most talked about film. "My dinner with Andre" is much more exciting and just two middle-aged men are discussing their lives at dinner. It is important that Andre Gregory and Wallace Shawn say interesting stories. "Party 7" cast literally against each other for the whole movie. "No, you don't!" "Yes!" "No, you really don't!" "Yes, I do!" "No, you really don't!" Yes, I really ... "you get the idea, I hope. I want the director to be. <br /> <br />" The 7th party is an incredibly relaxing film. There are only the most common plots (Yakuza stolen money, such as "Shark Skin Man ...") that comes with almost nothing. There is no interesting dialogue. The characters are largely uninteresting. Just as Ishii would have taken the stools from Tarentino films and built a movie around them. But Tarentino's conversations always have their inner logic and common sense ("They call it" Royale ", cheese"). Not so dialogue here, which is more boring than you can imagine. If it weren't short, fun, Gashuin (who is always wonderful) and powerful ASANO Tadanobu, I would have given "Party 7" one star. It was really a trimming to make it all the way.
