Since I saw the other three, I thought I could catch it for the fourth part of the Apple TV series. As a separate film, this film is mediocre; but as a continuation of the 1976 masterpiece; it's travesty. The film goes along the same route that many series fall as the ideas disappear; this is the idea of ​​male-female conversion. It is always evident that this film was made for television, because the actor is very standard, the missing ideas on the plot and the horrible murderous images that were not seen in the previous three remain a bloodless minimum. The film keeps the original with a thread, which I do not publish, although it is obvious; this revelation is one of the most interesting aspects of the film. The basics of the plot largely replicate Richard Donner's original and see the adoption of a young couple named Delia (not for Damiella or Damiana). There is a big dog and babysitter involved; and soon she will suspect that the child may not be normal; if he is eight years old on menstruation and has never suffered from any illnesses ... <br /> <br /> The first two queues for Omen were not at all bad, and the series really had to end with three. I think somewhere on the line there was money involved, because there really is no artistic reason why this movie should have been. It does not give anything to the originality of the table, and the only thing that is likely to succeed is the series of annoying fans. The film looks and feels like a movie all the time and mostly looks like a movie about a young girl's upbringing. Indeed, Asia Vieira looks like a little bitch; but he is never convinced that he is the Antichrist because his kernels are superfluous and most "evil" is ridiculous. Faye Grant is given the most important role and does not impress; while the rest regrets that he accepts the waste of such a dreadful time. The only good thing about this movie is the setup of the theme, which of course is original; and is overused. All in all, this movie is not really worth it; because it does not give something that the series is famous for, and does not even make a fairer weaker second sequel.
