and it did. From my experience, when the horror film reaches the status of "franchise" and afterwards the following titles are released, they all turn into one inevitable factor: irrelevance. Omen IV: The awakening does not make an exception to this rule, which includes another small child allegedly to assume his role in Christ, predicting religious prophecy. Have we seen it before? Wasn't it enough that we had experienced the rise and fall of Damien Thorn before the release of three films? If you are a horror enthusiast like me, you will realize that it is common for a horror film that has many sequences and advantages to lose your credit for redundancies - Corn of the Corn, Hellraiser, Phantasm; the list goes on. At this point in the game I am sure you know what to expect when you are ready to watch the fourth title of the series. Regardless, there are times when you sit back and realize how shameless some filmmakers are. Omen IV: The awakening is just that - a shameless practice of making money. Like unique and genuine, as Omen IV tries to compare with his siblings, similarities and plot equipment are disgraceful. Elements such as the guardian, the involvement of the priest, the skepticism of the people concerned, the scene of the death sentence (a clear respect for the original film when the journalist is pressed from the glass) ... even until his father's participation in politics and prestige community makes it too predictable. <br /> <br /> While it is common for B-rated to be labeled with this headline of fear that has come so far, the actors are out of the tables, full of ridicule and inadvertent humor caused by some badly given film. The atmosphere is completely lost over the first three headlines. In addition, Goldsmith's epic result in previous films has been replaced by hearing loss; an absolute joke and made me think about whether it was really meant for use with this movie or just pulled out a spare "from the bank" that really says something because rarely do not comment on musical music. Score - So far. <br /> <br /> I would all call Omen IV: awakening. In the world of horror films, which carry long lists behind them, some can capture the mark and some do not. If you are interested in creating one more notch for my weatherproof horror, as I am for the purpose of graduation, perhaps you might want to put that title on it - if not for entertainment, when the movie is properly filled, or badly.
