Omen IV: The awakening begins at St. Frances Orphanage ', where her husband Yvonne (Megan Leitch) has got her husband Karen (Faye Grant) & Gene York (Michael Woods) they have accepted, call her Delia. At first it goes well, but when the passing years and Delia (Asia Vieria) grow, Karen becomes suspect because her death and catastrophe follow her, Karen is convinced she is bad. Then it turns out Karen that she is pregnant, but discovers a miserable plot to use her as her mother in the next next Antichrist and gets shocked when she finds out who Delia's real father was ... <br /> <br /> Originally directed by Dominique Othenin-Girard, who either gave up or was finished and replaced the film Jorge Montes, but why he is bothering, is guessing, like Omen IV: The awakening is absolutely terrible and disgraceful when compared to its outstanding predecessors. Brian Taggert's script is very bad, I'm not sure if this mess seemed to be a word written on paper, but there are so many things that I find even hard to believe. As a Serious Movie Omen IV: The Wake-up Falling upon this Face and it Works Really Better When You Look at it as a Comedy Scam, I Think of the End of the Scene, When the Detective Comes Face-to-Face Zombie Carol Singers Singing a Gothic Gothic Song, to be seen as believable and I thought it was equally fun and ridiculous. Then there is a pointless difference between this and other Omen movies that this time this young girl is. Seriously, why? There is no reason and no effect at all. Then, of course, there is a stupid twist that claims that Delia has kept her brother's embryo inside, and that the unhappy conspiracy involving a group of worshipers of Satan has implanted her in Karen to give birth to the Antichrist. it's just plain. At first it is a certain entertaining value, how bad it is, but unintentional fun gives you the chance to complete boredom sooner rather than later. <br /> <br /> It is obviously impossible to know how much Omen IV: Awakening was directed by Girard & Montes, but you can say that everything was not behind the camera, because it is a dirty, cheap looking badly made film that was actually made for television and what she sees in a joyful, flat and unimaginable cinematic and production design. Then there is a complete lack of fears, atmosphere, tension and gore, which are the main elements that made the previous Omen films so effective. <br /> <br /> The budget must be pretty low and the movie looks like it was. The best of the most stylish things for Omen IV: Waking up is the last shot where the camera rises in the air when Delia goes into the distance to reveal a cruciform cross made by two overlapping roads, but this is the last picture before the final credits that say almost everything. I have to mention music that sounds awful, better for comedy and is very inappropriate. Action is right at best, but as usual, the boy is irritated. <br /> <br /> Apple IV: Awakening is a garbage, it's a totally ridiculous movie that is trying to be serious and just gets over stupid. Also, the change of director did not help, it is not an excuse yet. The last Omen movie that follows The Omen (1976), Damien: Omen II (1978) and The Final Conflict (1981), all of which are much better than that.
