I recently decided to look again at Omen's trilogy to find that {insert demonic music here} is fourth. I did not expect much of this, and in that respect it certainly survived my expectations. If you look to laugh at watching bad movies, it may just be a movie for you. Oh, where do we start? <br /> <br /> From the very beginning, the look and feel of the film "made for the TV" was obvious. Music was often inappropriate in the film and therefore (at best) disturbing. The script had all eight years of fiction. But one thing to say is that the missing script was a terrible and terrible act. Many scenes left me wondering whether it was a script or behavior that was the source of ridicule. <br /> <br /> The story itself is quite thin, focusing on all the damnities of Damien Thorn's daughter that have been accepted. wrongly done and badly operated by nuns. It is common for many mysterious and complex deaths that personally made me wake up as a "drama", and the usual third-party investigator to the whole thing. Later, some medical phenomena were born, Damien Thorn Jnr. And it pretty much breaks up the plot. The whole thing is done quite badly right from the start when there is no relationship that changes the film into one monotonous and / or ridiculous scene after another. <br /> <br /> There was a lot of WTF?!? also moments that offer unwanted comedy relief. For example, what are the major redundant reactions at the beginning of a film when a child scratches his mother's cheek? Hardly turning a 360-degree head. I also laughed at the baptismal reaction. The child is crying and everyone is very concerned. The obese mother comes out of the church and the priest is very worried about crossing her. Ah? Then there is a new-born babysitter who seems to be able to provide an 8-year-old child with any alternative spirituality. I laughed when the babysitter suggested bringing Delia to the mental repository to meet the nanny's friends and her mother shrugging her shoulders and allowing it. "Yes, it's nice, fill my restless 8-year-old daughter with all this mystic stuff. It's cool. I don't have to be there." Of course, this would be expected from a mother who would allow her daughter to receive an adult Rottweiler whom they would experience on a street that could bite a little girl as a snack. The whole scene in psychological honesty is quite comical but frightening from the core of the spiritual psyche from Delia to the subsequent inferno. <br /> <br /> I laughed at how the "mad crash" is considered to be a nasty death. Here we have a religious church (described as part of the cult) who preach fanatically in preaching full of rattlesnakes to prove how God's glory protects them. He antagonizes the snakes by treating them and he bites several times. Hardly unpleasant accident. More than a successful suicide attempt. <br /> <br /> The stomach-nun scene was not the only comic death. There is a slow speed car accident, which results in a school parking area. Then there is a slow-moving demolition ball that goes straight to the detective. I believe I can have gone and made coffee when the slowdown came back to see if the demolition ball is still moving directly to the detective concerned. Then there is a basic, whack-hit cliché death, where the gun goes out and both act as if they were shooting for a few seconds when they exchanged fearsome glances. Then someone goes down the stairs, revealing who is the real victim. In addition, the death of the priest at the beginning of the film seemed strange and meaningless to me. He runs around looking at church architecture. Obviously, it is quite disturbing, he eventually collapses, pushing his chest and dying. Obviously something demonic happened, because that's what music suggested. Ummm. OKAY. <br /> <br /> I am surprised that others have positively reviewed this film, and especially as a "worthy". It's hard not to see a non-sensual script, unrealistic action, and inappropriate musical scores. The film does not have any relationship, relying heavily on Delia's "demonic enthusiasm" to offer a sense of horror that becomes quite annoying after a while. Bottom Line: This is a bad film whose only redemption function is the involuntary potential for comedy.
