It was only 15 minutes after this film that I began to miss Zhang Yimou's earlier, more compelling films that looked at the unique perspectives of Chinese politics and society. His appeal to martial arts films was a serious mistake in my humble opinion. Hero was his worst film after Cougar's operation, which had an unnecessarily complicated story and worked more on wood than John Agar's film. Shi Mian Mai Fu is no different. Like an American who has been studying Chinese films for a few years (and understands and can speak some Mandarin), I am sure that my opinion is different from many others because I come from other backgrounds. SMMF, like Hero, is not really a traditional kung fu movie, and it is certainly not a wuxia piano film. There are no sword and sorcery here, nor racing elements. This is a completely different vehicle than endlessly observable films such as Chinese Ghost Story (all 3), Butterfly Murders, Green Snake and others. While all of the charismatic leaders who seemed to have really enjoyed it, they do it at SMMF, where there is an odd and sometimes ridiculous dialogue with carton operation. Zhang Ziyi plays both blind and Ben Affleck. This movie is about this movie that is really offensive. It takes itself so seriously, it finally becomes a huge joke. All the actors look like it's the most important piece of cellulose in history, they destroy every opportunity to convey emotions, and its full humor makes you wonder whether Zhang Yimou was acting on his own or just presenting (ie "repeating" the ego) for Zhang Ziyi. The camera literally makes her face and she can never sexually attack, but twice in a movie. Indeed, his range of action has not extended his ability to play naive nerves. He is so focused on his actions as he is so cold and inanimate as if he had read his rows from the chart. It is so funny to hear American critics and film people (like Quentin Tarantino completely helpless) calling it a masterpiece of the movie. I think if they look at a bunch of Asian actors looking for a really important role in bamboo forest, they are disappointed to think it's a great movie. Ching Siu Tung's choreography, still retaining its brand style, editing and positioning, lacks the vitality and originality of his earlier films, such as Chinese Ghost Story, Dragon Inn and Duel to the Death. Unfortunately, the wiring of this movie is really a subpar, and if there are subpar / obvious wires, you probably shouldn't have filmed it at high speed. The same applies to special effects that have a distinct B-film feeling for them. Beans, sticks, bowls, arrows, swords and other random objects fly through the air (after throwing), without regard to logic, twisting, climbing and banking, as if a small pilot were inside. I know that logic is not really stylized in Chinese martial arts films, but if you do not want to create mass strangulation from your audience, you should probably do a little more for your composition. Shi Mian Mai Fu is waiting for your mass modem, inadvertently funny dramatic moments, dull fighting scenes, a truly endless plot. It is clear that Zhang Yimou is no longer a Chinese audience. It is meant to break the western market like CTHD. After watching Hero and SMMF, I have come to the conclusion that if Zhang Yimou wants to make Hollywood movies, he will definitely be on the right. SMMF is basically Chinese Phantom Menace. And I thought Hero was bad.
