OK, so I borrowed this clown-chain saw-massacre movie that wasn't expected much, but I liked the novel approach to a series of killer films. (on the back of the box is the following summary) "At first it was just a joke - a myth at the camp - five friends who were in a cabin in the Texas forest. But when they started to disappear - one, replace the scattered, bloody body parts and the voodoo effigies; But he's there. And he's sick. And all he wants is blood ... "So obviously get-go it doesn't make sense: why is this clown at the beginning of the forest? Why clown? Why are their dolls with the word "food"? Why? This is almost no answer in 30 minutes in 30 minutes. wore the festival, except when this clown lives. The characters are foolish boys, dark girls and hell with a lot of stupidity. Especially there is one girl they brought to the restaurant along the road they thought they should help because she started some guy she knew. What justifies it as an excuse to bring the girl to her friends circle or their salon? She will naturally start planting jealousy seeds because men will have sex with her, feeding her stupid thoughts about anything they want to hear. <br /> <br /> Music was the average thing (ordinary frantic keyboard music like any horror movie without any difference). The actors showed that they were brought from some soap operas as they complained and waved. The idea that the main man of the film takes the girl's cabin for the first time makes her a terrible day, but of course she gives her unreasonably the first night to get to know her. It seemed that nothing was worn, but there were many clown clothes and many cheap dolls in the $ 1 shop around the forest, which was a terribly delicate place to make this movie (too many times). I was also expecting the clown to jump inside the house to kill the remaining 4 movie characters (perhaps through the glass), but something that never came to the movie. I think you just had to be a clown killer or something. <br /> <br /> I had to give the movie. 3. It was an interesting assumption (the character of a clown like the Texas Chainsaw Massacre, basically) and I give them a star to act seriously if the film could have been a B-movie style video, but they chose the more legitimate video style. Finally, I would probably have felt that before returning, he returned to the Killers clowns from Mars' video. Ah, but it covers art ... pretty awesome drawing.
