Happy Me! A week before Artisan Entertainment's little hit-in-Texas "horror", I pulled the tip of the stroke before it hit the shelves of the video and let me tell you ... I've rarely been laughing in my life when I watched this daunting megabomb kicks off and steals insecurely foolish full moon fiasco from KILLJOY's "worst killer clown movie" (I'm sure many of us fear fans have hit it!) was beaten by the DV, and it doesn't really look bad for digital digital, but the boy can't do it unhappy in any other area where it counts! <br /> <br /> The story (light and cliché as it is) goes as follows ... Executive (Ken Hebert, who also directed and compiled with the director) takes the skeptical collaborator Tracy (Amanda Watson) and the horny couple Mark and Susan (Hank Fields and Chris Buck) At the end of the week, escape (fun) separated from the cabin, which is 12 miles from the nearest town. From there, they arrive at the bitchy / slutty hitchhiker bar (Melissa Bale) and arrive at their destination, where the nightfire story of a murderous clown striking similar forest areas is true if every generation is terrible. friends disappear one after the other, only behind the injured pups who tell the story of their destiny. <br /> <br /> The killer clown doesn't even appear in the movie until the end, and it doesn't see anything like a demonic portrayal of a video box (after illness). In principle, it takes one hour in the woods, cutting wood and cutting nursery rhymes. I cannot say that there are enough bad things to cast, especially the two men and the sweaty chick, who either give their own insane dialogue with minimal enthusiasm or at the most inappropriate time. It really does not help that the script is completely and completely missing, originality, intelligence, overall coherence or humor. I could go on for days if this movie is wrong, how much consistency is there and if the amateur is the whole production, but I just joke, pointing out that the whole package is quite a riot in this boy-see-sucks sort of. <br /> <br /> Also note that the movie has been released in the US as SICK (SERIAL INSANE CLOWN KILLER). It is currently cataloged under GRIM WEEKEND (original title). Score: 1 out of 10
