I couldn't believe that this movie came from 2007, it was under the horror-flick of the seventies. Did they have any knowledge of modern special effects or CGI?!? Didn't they know that in the millennium, the violence in the supposed horror and / or sci-fi movie should be at least a bit graphic? Or did I get the wrong goal, whether it was a deep and meaningful story about man and animal that is related to a great life cycle or a warning to mankind not to be confused with nature or something like that? This is not really important, either because it turns out to be wrong, and for me, this movie failed on all accounts. <br /> <br /> First, the assumption is very unlikely. If you can replace the entire eye at a certain point in time, no responsible medical scientist will start his first human experiment at the same time with both eyes, it is completely unprofessional. And do it probably without the patient's informed consent?! And why on earth choose eyes that have a totally unusual color for people, and make a look like a freak? By the way, I noticed that all the real wolves in the movie were puppy-like ordinary dark eyes, could they not expect such a sample? The story is flat, this is the poor man Aaron who gets those strange eye transmissions that suddenly make him feel like a donor-wolf (or at least what I do) and then some soldiers are fighting. Especially this last bit is ridiculous. I mean, I understand that the army is interested in the results of the experiment (imagine the soldiers with night vision problems!), But because the operation fails because of the obvious nervous breakdown of the patient, why do you have to kill him? Why not leave him alone and look for another recipient? (possibly a volunteer soldier?). And why try to kill everybody who is involved with poor Aaron, isn't it a little steep? Who the hell are these military people anyway, I hope not the US Army or Government, they act like psychopaths, walking in a hospital where they scream automatic weapons, robbing private apartments like they are after some public enemy # 1, and showing the ultimate in the forest Absolutely no discipline, like fear of frightened schoolchildren, panic and shooting at random. <br /> <br /> Aaron, for some incomprehensible medical reason, seems to be a wolf after transplant. eyes. Why would it be? He suddenly sees the vision of a misleading wolf. What is this? Should we believe that donor-wolf memories are in the eye-balls?!? And that the recipient of these eye-balls also receives the wolf's red (life) meat and can jump from a 30-meter-high balcony and land in its forties like a cat (can a wolf do that??!). <br /> <br /> Functioning (or lack of it) does not help all this credibility: everyone stumbles through lines like wooden dolls, especially this Indian girl who may be real, but she can only come with one expression (confusing) and with some disagreements about the power of Nature, and it strikes me why Aaron suddenly is around him (but hey, apparently, had to have at least one love scene!). Actually, I feel sympathy with actor Cory Monteith, who looks like a beautiful man with a pretty pretty face, but they didn't give him much to go. He must run barefoot on more than half of the film that might have been fun to watch, but then they had chosen a more impressive body person, Monteith should leave his shirt. His (few) killings and attacks are hardly shown, we just hear some fear and fear for fear, and then there is another victim who lies and Aaron has more blood on his face and chest. Not much for a modern sci-fi horror! The only good actor came from Justine Bateman, and I really want to see how she's matured forty and stylish. He did what he did with his foolish lines, and he even persuaded me as a doctor with this good doctor, but they made their character a kind of wimp that the leader of their army was completely hitting. Sorry, the script didn't change him a little more! Ultimately, it takes a stupid and rather boring film, hardly frightening or exciting, with incredible moves, lots of overall national geographic visions of wolves running around forests and slopes (who cares?!? in the most inappropriate moments with sleeping pills. I think the word "superfluous" covers everything.
