The hybrid begins with a water purifier security guard Aaron Scates (Cory Monteith) involved in an accident that leaves him blind. Luckily, the brilliant scientist Dr. Andrea Hewitt (Justine Bateman) working for Olaris has developed an operation for transplanting organs from one species to another, Hewitt decides that Aaron would be ideal for his first-person experiment. Hewitt and his team will transfer Wolf's eyes to Aaron and will restore his vision miraculously. Brilliant, right? Well, not really, because Aaron is going to go crazy when he sees Wolves random images and starts to develop blood lust. Aaron escapes from the Olaris building and runs, but he is too valuable to just let go and a full-scale search is installed to grab him ... <br /> <br /> Under the leadership of Elena Lanskaya, it is still a Fi channel offering, which is just terrible for every opportunity, I think it probably started to live as a "Creature Feature", but ended up as one of the most boring and boring Sci-Fi Channel movies I saw. Don't even have some kind of monster or creature. The hybrid is terrible, the script is terrible and I'm not even sure what it was meant for. The original design is OK when Aaron gets Wolf's eyes, but then the hybrid rock sci-fi elements and becomes a terrible drama because it focuses entirely on Aaron's spiritual situation when he admires not doing anything particularly with some Indians women. Yeah, you don't think the Sci-Fi Channel could make a movie about wolves and put a lot of loads there in local American mythology? Character dynamics is strange, Aaron is shown as a persecuted hero, but he is the only person who kills someone in the film and is a rather unlikely, ungrateful and annoying person, while dr. Aaron returns to his vision and does nothing but tries to help him. I mean, Aaron will be given a gift again, but Hewitt is a villain? There is also a US military intervention conventional Sci-Fi channel headquarters, the problem is why do they want Aaron so badly? He is not a soldier and if he is the wolf's eyes to help him see in the dark, he is completely unnoticeable. The script can't remember whether it's all in Aaron's mind or it's real, the end is fun badly half-naked (the rememeber made for the order) Aaron ran through the forest where there was a wolf package that was a terrible music that I think should Be emotional but make it even more fun. There are so many mistakes with the hybrid, it's slower than hell, there's virtually no action, werewolves and movie circles aren't around, trying to get Aaron's mind, but it's all ridiculous, stupid and boring and & # x2019; There is never any explanation for why, despite the fact that the wolves' eyes have been transplanted, Aaron is beginning to develop other hunts. <br /> <br /> As a diabetic, I have problems with my eyes, I have had a big operation on my right eye in hell, and I can assure you that after surgery your eyes will swell, you won't be able to open it and it would hurt like hell, despite eye transplant, as soon as Aaron wakes up his eyes perfectly, no swelling or even redness. There are no special effects, no blood, no brains, no violence or anything that is vivid for you. In fact, I think it's not even a distant horror or sci-fi feeling, it seems like a weekly drab movie. <br /> <br /> The movie was filmed in Manitoba in Canada, but it's fine & forgotten. Action is poor for all those involved, none of whom I have seen before and hopefully never. <br /> <br /> A hybrid is a terrible movie that is probably marketed as a "Creature Feature" by Werewolve, but what is far from it and most people really struggle to get to the terrible end that is probably sewing you.
