The plot sounds vaguely interesting ... the scientist (Bateman) discovers how to transplant animal eyes and optical nerves to other animals, such as humans. The young man (Monteith) is blinded to save a colleague at work - the scientist receives an invitation from the doctor that the young man is a good person who is the first person. The receiver will become more and more like a wolf, but the effect is nothing more than "weird eyes" and run with dogs at night! (for the whole movie) The budget is too low, the dialogue is too crazy (I laughed out loud at some ridiculous talks) and the acting too incense. The long parts of the film are nothing more than a dreamy look, frightening music and wild wolves' alternating clips. Too long even after 90 minutes, boring and without ideas. The military wants to use eye transplants to give the wounded soldiers a look back, and probably wants to militarize this technology. There's a silly sub-block of a beautiful Indian girl (Korey) who thinks she can help using Indian wolves on wolves. They love to hear the music that is hard on the drums and singing India - crazy, man! Love goes right after a merciless murder - who edited this turkey?! It seems that the "medical man" who carries the spreads seems to have little except the addition of the atmosphere. <br /> <br /> There are two ridiculous scenes here. A research lab worker is going to create a room to discover that the monkeys have been released from their cages. He fears, sees the monkeys to the left, turns to the right, turns left, turns right, turns to the left .. it takes some time (who changed it?). OUT OF THE DAM! It was so stupid that I started to laugh. Another ridiculous scene - our hero is at home, gets out of the window when a vigorously armed army arrives - he leaves the window open, the military go to the open window, look out the window, they say "looks like he was here" and LEAVE! She went out of the open window, boys !! Crazy. <br /> <br /> At the end of the movie, the army soldiers shoot on the trees and still over the machine guns, if there is probably nothing - it's easier to place candles. They have six machines that have cut trees, but decide to fight their hero 1 knife !!! Shoot the boy! Who wrote this trash? Finally, there is a pointless confrontation and believe me that I am not breaking anything for you - not enough for a plot to break. <br /> <br /> I think the whole thing was writing off taxes or fast work to take advantage of the untapped budget funds left in the better movie.
