I don't understand people. Why is this movie 8.3 !!!!!! ???? I had great hopes for this movie, but when I was about half an hour, I wanted to leave the theater. In most reviews of this site, people say it's one of the best movies they've ever seen (or summer, year, etc.). They say it's a great conclusion. WTF !!!!!!!!! ?????? What has been done (in addition to being able to ride motorcycles, shoot and fight better than anyone else with whom he is in contact)? What do you learn about Bourne's character in this movie ????????? Absolutely f ****** something !!!!!!! Okay, there's a lot of action, but what's so big in this movie? I don't like cinematography and movie editing. The dirty camera effect and fast-moving frames were used too much and they got old quickly (I didn't know them in Supremacy because it was still easy to follow and wasn't used too much) and made me quite dizzy. I quickly wanted to have my $ $ saved elsewhere. <br /> <br /> This movie is not a graph. All this movie is a 115-minute chase. Bourne, whom you learn in some way throughout the 115 minutes of the film, is perfectionist in everything he tries to do. There is absolutely no character in this movie, you don't know anybody, and there are many new characters in this package. Some people said that this movie has an incredible writing and relationship. ??????????? !!!!!!!! What to write ?? What intercourse ?? There's no relationship. Bourne is so perfect everything he does, I don't think he has anything to worry about. If this is the best movie of 2007, I can just stop watching movies !! Many people have also said that Matt Damon is one of the best (if not the best) in his career in this film. What's the result? How many lines did he have in this movie? I have some respect for Damon because he has been in movies that I liked and has played different characters, but a good actor is someone who can barely recognize one movie who chooses different roles. No one who plays the same roles over and over again (what Damon does, but an example of someone who is Vin Diesel). <br /> <br /> Anyway, this movie was a big disappointment for me. I do not recommend this movie, but I recommend the first two (Bourne Identity and Bourne Supremacy) and I strongly recommend reading three books (which are much different than movies).
