This low-grade universal cooler has recently been announced as a future DVD, but it was part of a collection of similar films that I already had, and I decided to get it from other channels, not to wait for its legitimate release. What's so good, because the end result was not very special (if properly in the atmosphere at this time): the plot is pretty weak for beginners? even though it requires Vincent's pricing vehicle (1973), though without this movie fun. What we have here is the reality sculptor (Martin Kosleck)? whom we even see sharing our fruitful cheese with your pet cat! ? who decided himself too much at the reception of the vitreous pen of the art critic Alan Napier, decides to end it, hitting himself in a nearby river. However, when we reflect on this activity, Rondo Hatton has escaped the killer, called "The Creeper", to wait, and of course saves the life of a poor boy with the purpose of making the dirty work for him! Although it is supposedly set in New York's artistic circles, everything we actually see at work is Kosleck and the commercial painter Robert Lowery (who keeps the picturesque blonde girl's girl Joan Shawlee over and over again in banal positions?) Who is quite fit with Napier's rival artist ( Virginia Gray)! Before long, the latter is discovered in his backbone and Lowery is suspected; but after studying Detective Bill Goodwin illuminates the idea of ​​engaging another critic to give a little insight into Lowery's work (I didn't know the public sketches were reviewed!) to measure how violent his reaction was! In the meantime, Kosleck thinks he is creating his masterpiece with Hatton's unique harshness? and recognizable? To say the least, it attracts attention to the ever-visiting Grey (we believe he doesn't have enough material for his weekly column) much to the fear of the artist and the model. Excitingly, though, The Creeper is fully aware of how Gray sees (thanks to the abolition of the aforementioned Koslec flea-bitten pillow), he falls out of Shawlee? who was then a Goodwin girl! ? In a lowery apartment and listening to Koslec (you guessed it), Gray would send her out of the police in autumn, slowly sending a giant giant to her deep end? rocky picture. Strangely enough, although it was on Hatton's penultimate film, his name is preceded by a credit epithet "introduction"!
