How sheep like the public in the film are so often. As soon as some critics say that something new is good (ie "Shake-Cam"), everyone jumps on the wagon as if they were thinking independently. It was not a good movie, it was a terrible movie. 1) Land? - What's the plot? Bourne went there, from start to finish. It's a plot. Don't look for something deeper than that. 2) Cinematography? - Make me a favor! Every seven years old and hidden 8 mm film camera armed would be a much better job (I'm not exaggerating here). This movie is amazingly American camera-tour-de-force. Everyone's ridiculous shaking causes dizziness and nausea. 3) plausible? - Yes, sure. This is a masterpiece of credibility. I loved the Bourne scenes that the (local) police drive on the Tangier West Break Streets. - I've arrived at Tangier. Even the guides can't move these streets, but Bourne shook 100 police quickly and finely. Greengrass has to laugh his head on his film disciples. 4) Editing? - I don't know what the editor was when he made this movie, but I want it! - Each scene is between 0.5 and 2 seconds. At the end of the movie, I felt the nasty "scenes" blinking effect. 5) Forwarding? - Hmmm. This is an interesting aspect. The film doesn't really have any control. Another case of Greengras, where the business camera is a visit to a copy of the script (all two pages) and was said to "hit a few scenes of drunk". - "Don't worry about boys, we tie scenes in the editing room together". The editor should be crowded, shut down and put in stock so that this monstrosity can capture the silver screen. 6) None of the two senior CIA employees who give a gentle woman treatment to abused and misunderstood Jason Bourne. Bringing life to the line if no one can be sure is not a traitor. Talk about stupid nompompoops. (Although the members of the evil father's CIA are dragging off to stop any operand as far as lowering the paper clip on the floor). (Well, all men are evil, aren't they? - Except of course SNAGS). Yes, it is really a modern and politically correct film that shows that women are heroes of mankind and oppressive males. 7) If you know what will eventually hit the fan, good triumph over evil (as always, eh?) And the future assassin will fall to Jason Bourne - he suddenly goes through the storm and refuses to pull the puller (yes - right ...) Just at this point, the evil one just happens to have a hand, and he pulls a blow. - How did this 60-year-old man run so fast and not even the soul? Wonders Never End 8) Don't worry, there are Senate hearings and baddies pulled in by the courts. Well, we can't be nasty, politically wrong, CIA officials who shoot around, can we? How cute is to see the real life of P.C. Noughties movie. ------------- Bourne Ultimatum is the perfect garbage.
