The number of episodes in this episode was higher than in the first 9. They do not follow their rules of how spirits where the destruction of the body makes the mind soluble. It fell on another body. This body and Dean fall at Sma about 20 feet, but then they're right for Sam. The torches go out in the unlit shelter at night and we still see everything. It's at night, but the windows go through the light. A ghost dead in the 1960s making cell phones? Come on! Sam cannot in any way get a psychiatrist to see him the same day he meets and the doctor talks to Sam, as it wasn't his first visit. Sam and Dean knew there were other bodies in the shelter, and innocent spirits still lurk and did nothing to help them. It doesn't look like Winchester's guys. Oh, and after climbing dirty mattresses and around the nasty shelter, girls' makeup and hair are perfect and not white shirts. <br/> <br /> Although there was a problem with this episode, the premise was good and I didn't climb a few times, but nervous when Dean read Elicots magazine. I just knew that an object so intense on the spirit would draw it to a person who violates his holiness. Elicot didn't appear. Perhaps it is the fault of such an important object or place (such as the Elicot office) that it should lead the spirit upon touching or entering the living entity. When they separate, I want to scream ... 'so you die! Always stay together and watch each other! but they don't listen to me: o Elicot's spirit and his special ability was a very nice touch. This is a prime-time show, but I wish Elicot's horror would bring down one of his victims and use the expectations of torture to push us out. <br /> <br /> Especially thanks to the lighting bulbs I gave it 4. Sudden darkness or the entire scene light blinking when the flashlight blinks is what is more scary. Lighter coming up or flashlight reviving and immediately the spirit of their face is shocking. I understand that the directors want us to see his scene, but then we make a reputation or a clear connection to Elicot, which concerns the power grid and the lights. Do the characters react to the fact that the asylum application suddenly comes in one room. Blue white lights flash like an electric arc like Elicot's fingertips. Seriously, MCG could have done better.
