Houseboat Horror is the big title of this movie. This is an absolutely on-the-spot, and therefore the only aspect of the film I can give out of 10 out of 10. There are houseboats, horror, even the horror that happens on home ships. But if a label had ever been added to a movie poster, Houseboat Horror would surely be "something like that ...", which is just the worst Australian horror film I've ever seen, not to mention one of the worst horror movies I've ever seen , and a rather frightening attempt to make films in general. The good news is that it is so bloody terrible when it travels straight through the viewer zone, despising the unintended fun. It's worth a look * because * it's bloody terrible. <br /> <br /> The "Worst" category doesn't come from the simple reason that there is actually one: a record producer, a film crew and a rock band riding mysteriously named Lake Infinity, a scenic rural retreat in some Victoria towns (actually Lake Eildon) for taking pictures. No one is particularly happy to see them there, and when you try to serve the audience, it starts to pick one very sharp knife. Even more mysterious is how long the survivors know about it, <br /> <br /> The surface seems to be a very striking B-film slip. You have very annoying youngsters, unbearable parents, creepy local people (one of whom, a gas station sender, won the race easily), and let's be honest, my murderer's description would easily be Jason Voorhees. Ah, but if only showing and producing values ​​were almost as good as the comparative masterpiece that was on Friday 13th, Part VII. Unfortunately, the Houseboat Horror has both these things completely. <br /> <br /> Finally, it does what you are so ridiculous and fun. The fans of a one-time "Late Show" and "Get This" member Tony Martin are already aware of some of the gems that come from a real dialogue ("Look at the view ... you get a bar!"), While the real song with a music video is so bad that you must hear that believe - I can't ponder whether the writer / director Ollie Wood hoped it really hit. The fear element is comparable I think the genre of B-slashers and especially during this period, but there were times when I couldn't imagine someone biting the screen for a hamburger and saw the wall sprayed with a tomato sauce. Indeed, if you have listened to Tony Martin, suggesting this movie like fun garbage like me, I don't think you're disappointed. All "so bad-it-good" horror fans should not be able to pass on. Whether you're 'bar up' or not, there's one more thing. On the other hand, if you are looking for true excellence in the Australian horror genre, get yourself a copy of the incomparable "Long Weekend" and don't look back.
