If the rejection as the announcement of stranger calls was over, I probably was interested in looking at the original. When I read about the original (which I remember my sisters were completely frightened during the day), I saw real money on a black Christmas, which probably beat all the "caller in the house". So I Netflix do it, and it sits at the top of my lists for months thanks to its "very long waiting". Throughout this time, I'm more and more eager to see it! Then one day will arrive blue! ... And it's a common snore. <br /> <br /> Of course, I had higher expectations, but I don't think it would have got more than I could see it fresh. The thing is that some Canadian college towns have Christmas and this corporation has a party. We're seeing some killer-POV shots as he climbs cross and strikes the attic. So we know he's in the house. Then we introduce our characters - Olivia Hussey as a mouse, clever, Canadian accent Jess. Margot Kidder is a tedious, openly aggressive alcoholic Barb. He is so annoying that even his mother calls him to his Christmas holidays. There's also this irritating Janis Ian clone ("Phil") and this alcoholic mother, Mrs. Mac, who saw tricks from the different bottles she has placed across the house. We also meet Jess's very tight boy Peter, who played in 2001 Keir Dullea and Bunny Lake are missing fame, though halfway through the movie I still asked, "Whom is Dullea?" <br /> <br /> The house seems to have received incorrect phone calls, but it was before email so they couldn't ask him to send a photo. Then? Well, you know how they say that these plastic dry cleaning bags are not a toy? One sister finds it hard. Don't worry if you don't catch the face of the first 14 plastic shells when it comes to the attic? - There are 28 more confusions in the movie, probably there to say "Oh my God! The attic has a body!" Although after the first hour, what changed: "How stupid the police did not find in the attic a rather strikingly placed plastic case?" Especially because it is quite clear that it is visible outside the house. Indeed, at any time before the arrival of CSI, there must be such a golden crime time; The police are so stupid. Fortunately, some of them look like John Saxon. <br /> <br /> In any case, the house fears much more boring drama for her mother, that her dear kitty has risen to a vertical ladder and has opened a grand trap door that rests on it (these smart cats!) because she stays with her head and struggling with a neck strap. Now we have two bodies in the attic? - Hey, why don't we have 75 more images trying to cool us, because now we have two corpses in the attic? <br /> <br /> Now the police have started to take the situation seriously and touch the house phone and go to the police. They tell Jess and his wife, Janis Ian, that when an inappropriate caller is calling back, they have to keep him on the phone. Jessica, who has grown even brighter, more nervous and annoying, asks the caller "Who is this? What do you want? Who are you?" like the first 89 calls, if it is clear that he is not going to answer him. Isn't that a sign of a sign of disability? Are you unable to learn anything from unsuccessful attempts? And what he is going to do, suddenly say, "Oh yes, hello, is this Laundromatist Bob?" Dumb Jess. <br /> <br /> Spoilers! Anyway, soon Janis Ian and Lois Lane (Kidder) will be put on a bed with a ketchup that has been sprayed on their faces (the idea of ​​the movie gore), and the idiot Jess realizes that no door or window in the house is locked. Hi? Are you accused or what? Then the police understand that the killer is in the house, and call Jess and tell him "don't ask questions, do it the way I say? What does Jess Jess do?" Barb? Phil? Barb? "Hey, great idea sister. So why don't you just go where you know the psychotic killer is lurking? Of course he sees and sees his former friends, shaking his ass, encouraging the viewer to yell at the screen:" Is there a clue now? ! "<br /> <br /> Now you have to understand clearly and understand that this movie was made before the classic carts were firmly seated and that it did not move at the same pace we were used to, and see that the attic has plastic covered body, as apparently 206 times on the WAS day, and people were not used to robbing psychopaths, so they didn't think, suddenly locked doors or windows, and they might be tempted to stand up when they were just told that the robbers were there. one of the biggest shocks is that we don't even see the psycho kill of our proto-finals, but believe me this fact is more interesting in this review than the movie Spoilers end! <br /> <br /> ------ Hey, look at Cinema de Merde, my website for bad and cheesy movies (some good movies were thrown). You can find the URL at my email address.
