BFG is one of Roald Dahl's most expensive books, but there is no magic in this animated adaptation. This version remains loyal to Dahl's original creation, so John Hambley's script cannot be blamed. If anything is flawless colorless animation, drowsiness and generally dark voice calls. It would be right if I hope this story will make a happy, lively, fun-filled movie ...... instead, the film is hopelessly a boring thing that becomes quite tedious to watch. Children who are not familiar with the story should definitely read the book first! The whole purpose of the film is to make them read, which is actually the classic of children. <br /> <br /> The young orphan Sophie (voice of Amanda Root) lives in a not too friendly orphanage under cruel supervision. Mrs Clonkers. One evening, she reflects through the window when she puts a massive face in the village on the street. This figure realizes that it is visible so that it reaches through the window and shovels Sophie out of bed, putting her huge pocket before escaping into the night. Sophie will soon discover that the Giant Country giant has kidnapped her and is afraid she will eat her. But for his relief he turns out to be a kind and sensitive member of his species, who introduces himself as BFG (David Jason's voice). BFG refuses to eat people, confined to poorly tasty vegetables known as snozzcumbers. But a huge country is inhabited by numerous other giants who make a party - every night when it happens - with bad unsuspecting people. Sophie and BFG will become a great friend and soon they will offer a plan to block other giants. Together they go to the Queen of England (voice of Angela Thorne) for her remarkable story and ask her to send the army and air force to fight the giants of eating. The Queen agrees and starts a dangerous operation to catch the bad giants before they can harm anyone. <br /> <br /> Jason beats the BFG quite well (one of the few benefits on the film), but his good work is almost due to poor sound quality. The rest of the voice work is firmly uninspired, very little to implement the characters. Similarly, BFG's unique imaginative character - Sophie has no complaint and giants are eternally shaped (and seem almost indistinguishable). Even places are undiscovered; The giant country is particularly short because it is nothing more than a barren wasteland with occasional stones and canyons. After 88 minutes, the film is not exactly long, but it is partly a bit bad because of the complex handling of several sequences. Little Dahl's malicious humor is passed satisfactorily. One chapter in the book deals with BFG's love for "misery" and is ridiculous. In the film, the same part is killed by a completely failed handling. I came to BFG, waiting for much momentum, fun and enjoyment, but what I got was pretty much the opposite! This is an unsuccessful failure that just doesn't fit into the book's caliber in any department - that's why it's a must miss.
