I bought Unhinged because I got this cover on the picture. If you want to see all the good parts of the movie, look at the back of the box. All killings have been shown and I can honestly say that they look much better in the frames than in the movie. <br /> <br /> Having said that, let's look at the picture. A group of college girls who go to a rock concert (through deep, dark forests in one of the longest-running celluloid-driving cycles) slip off the road. There is no visible damage to the car, but it was probably enough to place one of the characters in the movie on the rest of the movie (or maybe it read the script and was already on the film before the movie started). The other two girls wake up in a large isolated house. By the way, the house is fabulous and drives more drama only through its presence than any movie participant. For some reason, this house has no way. The only way to get to the main road is to go through five miles in the woods. Girls spend the rest of the Unhinged while listening to strange conversations between an old rich female (who looks like George Washington dragging) and her equally domestic, sexually repressed daughter. The girls probably didn't dare to return to this concert because they offered more clothing than this three-hour tour of the Gilligan Island. <br /> <br /> By the time we view the scenes, we will no longer care. We want someone to kill us only to end our suffering. Eventually, the endlessly endlessly shocking end was worthy of being in a much better movie. It is almost the same as at the end, one good idea in the movie, was first written and then the writers tried to steer the film. <br /> <br /> Unhinged is ultimately a boring film with bad behavior, mismanagement, and a plot of more movies than a movie recorder (sorry. I'm not sure where it came from). You get an idea of ​​how bad this film is during opening credit, if for some reason that is never explained, the screen goes black for about two minutes, while the characters speak of something that is not worth remembering. Don't waste your time. You just know Unhinged and want your time and money back.
