Unhinged was part of the Video Nasty censorship selection that the UK built in the 1980s. Keeps crazy things out of children, don't you know! It has been for many to think about what the noise was. According to today's standard, Unhinged is a nice little fairy tale. <br /> <br /> 3 girls are on a jazz concert ... and right now, you know the body is pretty low. They get lost in the forest and end a car accident that seems as fake as ridiculous. Some of the nearby residents who live in the creepy woods of the house grab them. One of the girls is seriously injured and must be up. Then they talk. Talking about why girls are here, and how they should be for dinner, because the mother doesn't like it when it's late. And more talk. Yakkity yak. Some tension is built like a crazy guy walking around and harassing girls, and someone's eyeball looks through the holes in the walls inside beautiful girls that look like Hitchcock Psycho. I land because there is so much blah blah in this movie that you don't know when the killings will begin. In fact, one of the girls gets so bored that she walks alone in the woods, looking for a city. Smart movement. He probably knew that a lonely virgin walked alone in the woods but just didn't care. After that we wait, wait and wait for more talk until the next girl can kill or not. <br /> <br /> Then there's a twist. "Expected" is unexpected for some viewers, while the other is real. Quite likely, ONLY the reason why someone would really like to watch it. I don't care about how it has been twisted, nothing in this movie reflects the most boring time I've been watching. Even if the end was little affected, the director was not just what he was doing to really deliver a good story. It would have done much better for 30 minutes - 1 hour TV episode saying: Tales from Darkside. <br /> <br /> If you really need to get it for some reason, maybe just say you've watched every slender movie, do yourself a favor, and make a speed dial. Since the film has so many irrelevant scenes, just zoom in and don't reach "WOW, it was all this time". Oh, and halfway through the movie, there is a shower with two girls showing bees. Deer color for boo bees. These beautiful buzzing bees.
