When a person sits to watch Unhinged, it is likely that the ads, video boxes, whatever it is, shout that it was forbidden in the UK for over 20 years (like almost any video disgusting). It is true; exploitation and taboo inspire people and lead them according to their promise. Since it is a fan of exploitation, none of it was new to me. Ads that shout that a movie is forbidden in the UK may not necessarily look at me; In fact, the first thing that usually appears in my head is how terribly paranoid British censors are. How I came to see it is simple: it promised gore and it was just $ 6.99. The price alone warned me not of the hope that this is next to Halloween, but the cheap padding of your DVD collection is never painful. At the same time, I forced myself to see myself in one session because I think that rescuing the rest of the day will make it even less inspiring. So, after 90 minutes of Unhinged, I found that I had come across the cheapest sleeping quarters. I think distributors could succeed if they just changed their marketing techniques. <br /> <br /> The Unhinged layout is a common spread of the 80s. There are unnecessary shower scenes and exploitative gore. That's it. Anyway, it starts with three attractive co-authors, who will fall for their concert on their car. Although two of them (Terry and Nancy) are okay, one (Gloria) is seriously injured and is out of the commission for the rest of the film. They are rescued and get sheltered in the mansion (which, of course, is not in the phone) with quite strange people: Marion is a medieval woman who has a man-hate mother who constantly accuses Marion of going home with them (Psyhho kaja?). He also has a crazy brother Carl, who lives in the woods, because his mother's hate against men is so intense that he won't let him stay in the house. After hanging out with Marion for some time, Terry (our "hero") and Nancy decide to contact their parents. Despite everyone's warnings, Nancy keeps dangerous forests on the phone (her fate is hard to predict). After that, we see Gloria again, who is then polished in the ax. When Terry discovers that Gloria has disappeared from his room, he decides that there is nothing wrong with this picture and he is looking for his missing friends. But it may be easier to say than crazy Carl is lurking? <br /> <br /> After viewing the Unhinged, I read an overwhelming number of comments confirming that Unhinged worked great because it took time to build a theme that brought tension until the moment of truth arrived. Usually, the opinions of other people are not dragged into my review (especially if they are against my opinion), but in this case I was so puzzled that I think it would be appropriate to mention. This is because the film actually rises. Usually the tactics of a slow building must work so that the audience must have a strong feeling that the characters are in danger. Oh, we see two of them are killed, but there are endless scenes of conversation and boredom between them. We know it's a murderer, but it's only three times in the movie; that is, there is no reason to fear the victims. Instead, the events of the film are explained not through the actions of the characters, but are put to us by speaking on a permanent basis. If there is one thing I can assure you of watching it, the scenes of characters in a 75-minute conversation are very annoying. None of this has acted boldly. It seemed to be another leader where the director needed to act and decided to gather his friends from experienced people. <br /> <br /> Of course, I would be a liar when I said there was no part of the movie I enjoyed. Specifically, the end was one of the best I've ever seen in the movie; you just don't expect it. Just knowing that the director had such balls to do something like that is remarkable. Ah, I don't break it for you and don't say the end ends with the rest of the slow moving film, but it certainly is your attention. In addition, the remaining two murders bring at least some faster pace to the scene, but this is not the way you can tell exactly who will die for 15 minutes. Anyone looking for blood flow, however, is disappointed; these are the only presence scenes. This and, of course, no scene can save the entire movie. Usually I declare a doctrine that, as long as it is, the worse the film, the better. Unhinged grabs only one part of this concept. The whole movie is just Luke-warm; there it is possible, but the director was not experienced enough to work or just didn't know what the hell he did.
