The invisible maniac begins as a young man Kevin Dornwinkle (Kris Russell) is struck by his strict mother (Marilyn Adams), who is looking at the girl (Tracy Walker) through her telescope ... Professor of Physics, who claims to have discovered a way to make things invisible using "mollecular reconstruction". But during their demonstration with fellow scientists, they can't and they all laugh at him, Dornwinkle goes crazy, kills some of them and is locked in the spiritual institute from which he escapes. Jump on "Two weeks later" and a group of summer school students talk about the tragic death of their physics teacher when Mrs. Cello (Stephanie Blake Stella Blalack) says she's been recruited, yes, you thought it was Dornwink. The pupil does not accept him and treat him as dirt, but Dornwinkle has perfected his serenity of invisibility and uses it to satisfy his perverse sexual invasion and his desire for revenge ... <br /> <br /> by Adam Rifkin (I wouldn't want my name to be associated with this movie). The invisible maniac is the real base of the barrel. Rifkin's script, sorry Coogan & Tony Markes is terrible. He's trying to be a teen sex / comedy / horror hybrid that just fails in all departments. At first, sex is nothing more than a couple of female shower scenes and a couple of boob-frames, not much else I fear and the Invisible Maniac is not so good-looking. Comedy is a flat & every joke ignored by proverbs, a movie that thinks someone is fighting against an invisible man or who has a Henry (Jason Logan) noise man trying to call. The invisible maniac makes the film academy (1984 - 1994) more complex. As for horror, it is also flat. It is also incredibly slow (it takes more than half an hour before Dornwinkles even becomes invisible), boring, predictable, boring and has a very annoying and unlikely teenage character. <br /> <br /> Director Rifkin or Coogan or whatever you do not try and make The Invisible Maniac an even more enjoyable experience. There is no intimidation, tension or atmosphere, and the whole movie is a real chore to sit down. He does nothing at an angle of invisibility, but single doors that open in their own are as adventurous as it gets. There is very little gore or violence, a little splashing blood, a few strangulations, and the only decent bit of the whole movie when someone is blown up, but unfortunately it was invisible and we only see a stop torso later. <br /> <br /> The budget must be low, and I mean very low because it is one really cheap movie. The Dornwinkles Laboratory is basically two cans in your bedside cabinet! When he escapes from a psychological institution, he has one dog that has been sent after him and there are about a dozen pupils and two teachers in the whole school. An Invisible Maniac is a poorly made film throughout its 85-minute duration, I noticed at least once a boom mike ... Lets say that the actor is low and leave it that way. <br /> <br /> The invisible maniac is crap, simple and simple. I didn't find any redundant features in it, there are so many better movies you can watch, so there's no reason to waste your time on this garbage. Be sure to avoid one.
