Hellborn starts as a young psychiatrist, named James Bishop (Matt Stasi), who is staying in St. Petersburg. Andrews crazy shelter or mental illness medical facility, as they want to call it there. With nearly 600 patients, the bishop meets his boss, dr. With McCort (Bruce Payne) and being recruited, he gets a warded A-spot for some serious and dangerous patients. If it wasn't bad enough during his first visit, the bishop finds a dead body and threatens graffiti messages in his room. The bishop will hear patient stories about asylum-like sins and soon find that stories are more than honest about them ... <br /> <br /> Known as a shelter in the US, the supernatural horror film Philip J. Jones led me and I liked it, but in the end I had too many inadequate elements to fully enjoy it. The Matt McCombs script is pretty serious and I really liked the idea of ​​a basic idea and some ideas, but there are a few things to do. At first, the movie is too slow, the story is pretty good and doesn't give up too early, but it goes to absolute age because it goes fast and I lost quickly every minute of interest. I also thought that so-called. The twist-end is too predictable and the end ended too much fun and forgotten. It's a shame because I liked this story, character, setting, and some ideas, but it's just too slow and honestly boring to keep it for 90 minutes of entertainment. This is one of the films I would like to recommend, but honestly I can't. <br /> <br /> Director Jones does a good job, it's actually a well-lit and quite atmospheric film. I wouldn't say there's something frightening here. I'm not sure if Hellborn has been hit in a real crazy shelter, but when it wasn't, they did a good job and the film looks pretty good. Unfortunately, there is a real lack of disability or activity, two hand-printed wounds and a split tongue, and that's all about blood or gore that must be disappointed. Depending on who you believe and what you read, the special effects are either the worst or the very good, as well as the low-budget horror monitor I had a very impressive effect, especially the demon, which seems to be impressive and the man fits rather like a quirky effect than a frightening effect Instead of CGI computer graphics, though it's an impressive suit. It all depends on your expectations. <br /> <br /> Technically, the film is good, it looks nice and the lack of CGI computer effect is something I welcome. The actor is not good, but it would certainly have been better. <br /> <br /> Hellborn is a disappointed movie, there were some good things, but at the same time some terrible things that unfortunately weigh up good. I liked this pleasant part, but it would be impossible for me to recommend the whole 90-minute viewing experience.
