But I doubt many movies saw this movie. Or "Some Caught On". Okay, it's a little harsh. <br /> <br /> The film starts in an unintentionally comical way: the Frankie boy returns to his hometown for many years (it already smells like clichés) and the whole city is shaken by his arrival: he is told, everyone wants to talk to him and every woman he meets , flirting with her as if not tomorrow - even her niece gives hints that she would have wanted to talk to her Frankie for a little longer! Even her beautiful niece wants to piece her! It seems like one of those ridiculous "Mike Hammer" episodes where EVERY single female wants Stacey Keach. And like Stacey Keach, the Frankie boy is nothing but a beautiful woman's wet dream. In real life, no one, like Sinatra (without fame), gets anyone as beautiful as MacLaine within 100 meters. But in this Hollywood movie it's the opposite: MacLaine is a nuts for Frankie's boy, but he doesn't care less! Sinatra plays too often his "cool" shticki in his movie and is rarely trustworthy. Dean Martin is some inconvenient; he is not a card player, but rather because of the accent that just doesn't fit. MacLaine is charming than ever, but she is playing a cartoon - and this addiction to cartoons is one of the main problems of the film. The main characters are all stereotypes of bad or visible movies and cheap novels; Frankie is a "cool cat" who returns to the city to get all women, and she couldn't care less about writing her letter (which is predicted to end in recognition); Martin is a buggy but friendly card player; MacLaine is a stupid but very pleasant bimbo; Frankie's blonde love is an interesting literary expert; Frankie's brother is a successful man who married his wife's business and is married; and so on. Cliches. <br /> <br /> The story includes a couple of coincidences that are drawn too far for my taste: Frankie just happens to be in her brother's place; his niece goes away from his father when he can kiss his secretary for the first time; and then it's terrible, silly to the end. <br /> <br /> In this part of the drunken boy who died to kill Frankie's boy, somehow find all the places in the carnival! This place is completely overcrowded, typical noise and chaos - plus it happens in the evening - and the guy somehow finds Frankie (despite being drunk like a doorbell) and shoots her. But guess who's killing him? MacLaine. He jumps in front of the ball to save Frankie: a cliché that comic book authors may encounter. This totally pathetic, too dramatic and tedious end will surely fail, even half of the intelligent viewers. And it will happen the same day MacLaine and Sinatra married! This pointless writer seems to have read all his life in a crappy dime - how else would the writing of this film be explained? There is even a card game where Frankie & Martin is robbed of a "lively" imagination with some cliché cartoons. (It was like a fucking West suddenly.) Another stupid thing is how Sinatra was crazy with a nervous nose and pretty much ignored with MacLain. As the film progresses, it turns out that Sinatra finds MacLaine too stupid for her, just as blonde bimbo finds Sinatra too low for her. MacLain's script identifies some snobbism and contempt. MacLain is treated as worthless by all, while blonde bimbo is treated as a princess and intellectual; the irony of the truth is that the latter is, by nature, rather stupid and not intellectual at all; his behavior, comments, and opinions are mostly clichés, stupid, confused, pretentious, and primitive. At least MacLaine's ID knows he's (MacLaine) stupid. There is another irony that I didn't notice: Sinatra had trouble finding the end of his last stories - like the writer of this movie, and that's why he came out with a brilliant, dirty final. <br /> <The film has a fundamentally sound image and the photography is nice, but the script, although sometimes okay, is based on reality-based characters and events rather than stupidly meaningless. <br /> <br /> If you are interested in reading "life stories" from Shirley MacLaine and other Hollywood intellectuals, please contact me by email.
