Strangely named Vera-Ellen was a movie dancing, which Sonja Henie was supposed to descend: a blonde, a girl, always a pleasant look, but not a very good actor and usually a weak material. When I look at Vera-Ellen's sexy apache dance with Gene Kelly's "Words and Music", I can't notice that her blouse (with yellow red horizontal stripes) seems to have been made from the South Vietnamese flag. For some reason, the very American Vera-Ellen * in two * musicals (made for several years) celebrated a city in Edinburgh that was not seen by its dancers: 'Let's Be Happy' and 'Happy Go Lovely'. In the latter, Cesar Romero plays the impression of America, who for some reason staged music in Edinburgh. There is an ambiguous attempt to link this exhibition with the Edinburgh Festival, which is pointless: the festival is not an exhibition of splashy foot exhibitions. We also see a couple of pictures of the Royal Mile: except for some Highland accents, there is no effort in this film to convey the Scottish atmosphere. Funniest gag occurs early when we find out that Romero's title is "Frolics to You": it is an exciting red that the British get and Yanks can't. <br /> <br /> Vera-Ellen is, as usual, a cute and tempting and impressive dancer, but very few music numbers in this movie are boring and bad. Between the plot - the false identity Magnate David Niven and the reporter Gordon Jackson - are nonsense, though not more than a dozen of Hollywood musical plots. Romero is less annoying than usual here, probably because (once) he doesn't have to convince us that he is interested in losing the heroine. <br /> <br /> One of the biggest violations of this movie is Bobby's Misuse Howes. Sally Ann Howes' father was the most important star of West End stage musicians; His deliberate transfer to She's My Lovely was a big hit in Britain in 1937. Here he appears in a number of scenes, such as Romero's dogs, but he never has the chance to play a musical number or even a true comedy. It is completely criminal that this movie, titled "cute", will definitely create the biggest hit on Howes, a big British musical star, but does not give him anything to do! <br /> <br /> The pleasant character of the actor Ambrosine Phillpotts (whom I worked with) stands out in one restaurant line and a glimpse of the executed beauty of Kay Kendall. Like Vera-Ellen's trustee, someone says Diane Hart, who speaks of one of the most annoying voices I've ever heard: it seems to be an attempt to imitate Joan Greenwood and Glyn Johns in the same way, but also inappropriate. Val Guest has a story, but this movie doesn't get the quality of its great comedies. Color photography is sad, although I understand that post-war Britain cannot afford the Hollywood process. "Happy Go Lovely" is a very good pleasant time, with "imprisonment" being an operative word. I appreciate this movie from just 4 out of 10.
