You have to understand when Wargames appeared in 1983, he created a generation of computer hackers. The idea that a teenager could do something far-reaching, not to mention fighting the world war, was novel and exciting. True computers started to show up in people's homes, and for the first time, society became intertwined in a way that made the film a prerequisite for the foresight. The spoken computer, which offset its free time between chess and the global fusion of war, was a bit far removed, but a brilliant comment was prepared on the proliferation of nuclear weapons and the Cold War. I've probably even heard from hackers that this movie is actually based. <br /> <br /> Fast forward for 25 years, and we have a terrible mutant thing I call "sequel" to call Wargames: dead code. I'm just digging in. First, the plot depends on a government-run gambling point, where people who win games automatically become terrorists. You're very confused right now. The idea is that at last the terrorist clicks on the "The Dead Code" sub-game, where they run the city across the city, spraying it with biological weapons. At some point in the game, you have to choose between "serial" and "siberian plague" and if you choose "sarin" then it is automatically confirmed that the anti-bioterrorist expert is your family arrested and questioned. In the movie, it actually happens. However, since payment for the game took place from a suspicious bank account, it is obviously all reasonable. <br /> <br /> Second, the AI ​​Avatar in this direct DVD bomb is an annoying flash animation that repeats the pop-up-ad-esquire sound bite "play with me baby". As evidently, the developed AI will lose interest in intellectual activity in the future, such as chess, and will go to porn. <br /> <br /> Third, the motivation of these "hackers" is profit and women, not pure curiosity like the original movie. For some reason, recent hackers need to portray all young adults as average surfer people who are like everyone else. It can work for your average sitcom, but you won't know how to take over government computers by doing your hair, playing sports, and shopping in a mall. One new thing I noticed was that at some point in the dialogue, there is a reference to Matt Damon's film and later there is the phrase "Good Hunting, Will". I swear that they called Will the main character for this phrase so they could send Mr. Damon five. This Will boy is not bad, but he was certainly not like some obsessive hacker I ever met. I can't fully say how annoyed I am that this movie shares the same name as the original because it has nothing in common with it, except? Professor Falken and Joshua (WOPR) will re-appear in this film as a slick old man who apparently dies of boredom and a broken old tic-tac-toe machine with a higher voice. After a few proddings, Joshua (AI), who seems to be sexual with new AI porn, big screens blinking board games, and the whole "The only way to win, not to play" revelation should be the crowning moment. Except for those who saw the original, you know, those who would like to see it already exist and did it. Recycled end of film made from compost last month. <br /> <br /> The new movie was directed by a man who made 90210 and wrote guys who make B-films. The original was directed by a man who was busy with "Heroes", so you can see quality there. They were talking about a real remake, but I hope they won't destroy this classics again. I swear I have to visit every gambling website until I find what is on the psychotic government computer. The saving grace is that I was able to run it on Netflix, so at least the only energy I spent on seeing this disaster was breathing, clicking, and indigestion.
