Someone should, within a few days, do an architectural study, as in horror films; Of all these strangely put out of manor research, he is looking for secret passageways and crypts, monitors through air channels, and so on. I can only recall some of the films in which architecture played an important role - "Demon Seed", "Cube", "Thirteen Spirit" remake - but it is at the heart of every horrible house or church story. or crypt; these are the nature and impact of the rooms, passages and walls. So I waited for this thriller, where he promised to be at the center. The idea is: the architect has built - actually upgraded - a huge and rambling house for himself; his wife has just left, mainly because of his self-centeredness, but it is also close because he cannot get used to it because he has redesigned it. He lives in an unfamiliar solitude (real at this time, not virtual) that he suspects someone else - a stranger who had come to the door one night, asking to use the phone and then suddenly disappeared - lives in the house with him; only the place is big enough to never see her. <br /> <br /> This is a good start for melodrama, whose development requires some of the following features: after searching for an intruder house a few times without success, the architect leaves more systematic searches on his plans, trying to surprise, intercept or lurk in different ways , perhaps with some of the features he built into the building. In the meantime, the intruder has discovered hiding places and feedback between places that the architect did not see or remember. The film would become a cat and mouse game, a wolf, a battle; and finally, trying to trap the intruder, the architect would stop his own creation, but in no way did he wait. Then he would be forced to figure it out - and maybe at the same time, from isolated isolation - and in the last twist to nail and maybe even kill, ****. br /> <br /> There's nothing like this in this movie; the house is just a house, the architect is just a man and his genius is an unknown character when he exists at all. Here's what happens in the movie: If the intruder is installed in the house - if he is - the architect starts listening to the noise, but if he goes to study, he can't find anything. He calls the police, they think he's a little nuts; he persuades his alien wife to spend the night, he thinks he is more nuts. Finally, more or less randomly, he runs into the intruder (doesn't get a good picture, but the numbers that could be? - not a difficult question, a story that has less than three main characters in this regard), then locks his doors, lowers the windows grills , throws the key away (I don't know why he thought it was necessary) and left his victim hungry. I missed why it was given: doors and walls made of steel? In any case, the architect goes to sleep in his car. And since the idea of ​​the film is not developed and can not be further developed, something has to be done to get it to its place. And that's it: Architect - are you ready? - moves to the person who (probably) moved to him and lives there in the same way. How is it possible? It is not, but the film takes this journey to try it out: The architect has drawn a picture of a man who came to his door; and when he leaves the house, he takes a picture with him; and when he sat in his car, he casts a picture on the street; and the two children receive it, and watch it look like Martin, their neighbor; then the architect asks where his house is and the children show their way. <br /> <br /> If this sequence seems to be unlikely to be restrictive then what will go down. The architect lives with Martin at the wheelchair, without knowing him; so hidden in his moves and so clumsy in reading his hostess that he can always leave the room as he enters or the duck as he turns around. Throughout this section, the movie is in one way smart, changing (or leaving it to the viewer) point that his life as a stranger who does not know there is essentially the same life he lived with his wife as a virtual party with him as a comfortable buffer. But at the same time, his inability to live in the world makes it a Raffles, which is absolutely unbelievable. Do not get to the end of the end series - including some other murder that has been achieved when someone is locked behind another invincible door - so weak before landing that it falls under the weight of a wheelchair; two nice people taking the murder step; and (before the story started) building a tunnel in several houses ... The final, long-awaited twist adds another one to make it even more offensive and then ... ends. /> <br /> There is a story that depends on the formation of two things - the idea of ​​a stranger in the house and the character of the person whose house it is - and both refute. The first paw makes it boring; The other made me angry because it pushed her main character further and farther away more and more zigzaggy paths and never offered any explanation for who needs it most: Martin Tunnel Builder and Sneaker Tenant. Somebody should repeat this story.
