"Absolute Beginners" was a film for the younger generation, a perennial film that debated the issues teenagers in the UK and how they are worried about, constantly striking every note, teenage problems can be related to the youth of the future. It could have been called the "Moulin Rouge" of the 80s, but it disappeared. It made its very small mark in the world, fell under the radar, and now it can be collected to collect dust either from the musical section, the comedy section or the politically hidden section that does not need to keep the chain money alive. Unfortunately, it wasn't where I found it? but I found it, looked at it, tried to sing with it the hardest, I looked at Bowie's eyes, but I finally found myself missing. Didn't it survive the test of time? Is London 1950 too far from our current society? Is Bowie too horrible? I think "Absolute Beginners" are somewhere in these issues as perfect examples in the cinema, which starts with a bang, but at last it only shines. <br /> <br /> "Absolute Beginners" opens up an enormous amount that takes us through London's non-commercial streets, which include theft in the evenings, prostitutes at every corner, dancing all the time, the similarity of rivers, and the greatest ties with almost every person. Seems like a place where we all hate? right? Director Julien Temple keeps the mood light and flashy throughout the song when we try to find out about our main characters. Most of all, we follow Colin by Eddie O'Connell, who follows his dreams of being a photographer when he plays his favorite girl, Suzette (Patsy Kensit). These two have chemistry, and although Suzette looks like a pre-rehab Lohan, they worked for me. There was a huge spark between them, chemistry was like a stage, and I believed that the two could take me along a road that I never drove. I was ready? but then something happened. The temple takes us out of the nightlife, takes us out of town, where we grew up at the beginning and completely cancel the roles without commitment to the first. Suzette runs away, Colin becomes perverted and Bowie? well? I'm not quite sure what his role is, but he is singing very well in climbing in the mountains? I can tell you so much. The temple gives us this flashy city, the opportunity to see those who live it, but leaves us hanging high and dry when it's time to trigger it. We learn mainly from Colin, but someone else. I can probably watch this movie again and still be confused about who is angry and what is the importance of fashion for this age. They were also teens really ?? they all seemed like they pushed until the end of their 20s, but maybe it was my TV. <br /> <br /> Turn the door out of the door, the temple tries to compensate by giving us bigger and more rich songs, using even more signs that we don't know anything about. One of my favorite songs in the film uses this idea as an excellent example. Temple uses a shared house to show us the lives of Colin's parents (of which I didn't know they were only after the movie) and the song that punishes apathy. A big song, too many characters, not enough time, suddenly dragged another scene of missing coherence and it just breaks down in your hands. Then, if that wasn't enough, we praised our head for beating some great song, rubbing our helmet, trying to understand where our characters are or are going, and Temple throws into hatred, hatred and politics to take action. When I hoped that this film had a dedicated theme, I didn't think racism would be on the bill. Suddenly there are no friends, people are angry and some casual boys are fighting with Colin because he lives in poverty and has a friend of another race? Someone will help me here. It seemed completely rushed and overwhelming? close to the point where you want to turn off the movie. For me, the completion of "Absolute Beginners" was close to the excitement near the opening number. This first part set the pace and the temple couldn't keep up. <br /> <br /> In general, I have to say that the temple can control the music video, but I don't think he was ready for the movie. I don't think this film will ever make it a "cult" and will probably only last for several years. It's a fun movie to watch at first, but when we get to this last part, it just explodes inside. I wanted some top-notch jobs, but instead of what I found, the nice Bowie was with signs I didn't care for. I saw how this film could be related to the 80s youth, but in the end it seemed just forced. I think all the people in this production should have taken one moment and listen to this movie's ever-terrible Bowie's motivation, which may have helped to strengthen this trait to a better cult status. I'm glad that I watched this movie once, but that's all my little brain can take. I liked the way the temple struck me from the beginning, but he couldn't control his mark (too much) and the songs didn't seem like the last moments of the movie. It came out somewhere and it was unwanted. When it was a film about racism, it came from the beginning. "Absolute beginners" was a welcome adventure, but I don't think I will bounce this film in the future. <br /> <br /> Rating: ** Off *****
