This film ends with a speech where the narrator tells us the fate of the two guides and that the names of people and places have been changed ... before we are told that the relationship with real people and events is purely coincidental. This final line actually confirms everything that has gone before; when Rino Di Silvestro's dirty film does not fully see the vision and if there are some points to the line; it didn't put it there. Werewolf Woman is often guilty of joy or "so bad this good" movie, but I totally agree. Usually I enjoy such movies; but the werewolf wife is really a bad movie and despite all the sex and weather; it doesn't even make a fun watch, and it's really unforgivable. The movie doesn't really have a lot of land, but the thin slice we've given are a young woman who also dreams of being a werewolf. She dreams of going out and looking for men, having sex with them and finally killing them. Back to the real world, he falls in love, but his lover is killed and he goes to revenge ... <br /> <br /> The film consists of sex and gore scenes, which are cushioned extremely dull conversations, with recent events having different characters. These scenes are probably there to send and create characters; but they really do not do it and only succeed what could have been a satisfactory use for an extremely permanent movie. The director seems to be more interested in style and atmosphere than the plot, and this is shown by the fact that the film looks and sounds nice. Sexual scenes are often too long and not erotic, but gore works well. The premise is ripe to give a very sexy slice of exploitation, because there are many naked women and the fact that the center of werewolves is centered means that there may be a lot of eroticism; but it is not capitalized, and although I can hedge the high doses of the bad-acting and poorly-made plot lines, I really don't stick to watching and bored movies. All in all, I wouldn't even want to recommend this movie to big abuse fans. There are many better things out there than that, and while the title may seem interesting - the movie is not.
