"La Lupa Mannara" aka. The 1976 "Wife of Werewolves" is a very promising film, but unfortunately the film is far from being the astonishment of my compatriots, Horror. You don't hear that Rino Di Silvester's film is totally bad - he has stylish moments and it's nice to watch in the first half (though fun is involuntary). The film also serves as an exceptionally exclusive actor, actress Annik Borel. However, a film that has no real plot (at least one linear) does not make any sense at all, and it pulls incredibly over the other side. <br /> <br /> Daniella (Annik Borel) is a weird dream dreaming of dreaming at night before the werewolves become female. Because she was raped as a girl, Daniella is afraid of men. When her sister (cult siren Dagmar Lassander) comes to visit her husband, Daniella suddenly seems to be attracted to her husband and then becomes a werewolf wife ... or something. The story doesn't really make the slightest point that makes the movie fun in the first half. Leading character Daniella has some schizophrenic blends from the cold hysterical and lusty nymphomaniac who occasionally becomes witch wives. Director Di Silvestri decided to make a lot of holes with a woman's nakedness that works well for me. There are also pretty well done gore moments. The film is never even tense or creepy, but at first it is a lot of fun. Also, there are no attempts to hide that this is a slice of slice, the camera often does it in private parts of Miss Borel for this simple heck. I don't complain. Then, for some reason, Di Silvestri decided to make the film longer by completely changing the direction he went. Although Daniella is initially a typical werewolf who can't help but follow her curse, it suddenly turns into a boy's meeting (Howard Ross, who was Fernando Di Leo's 1973 Il Boss). Suddenly he gets back to normal and the next part of the movie doesn't go at all in the first half. After a while, it becomes quite boring; probably this 99-minute movie would probably have been better than 70 minutes. Finally, they even want to believe that the absurd story (if it can be called) is based on real events. "Widow Wife" has some redeeming qualities; my fellow Italo-Horror fans can try it. But if you want to watch the 70's Italian Horror / Exploitation Cinema, there are hundreds of movies you should see before.
