I think writers have never read any book, much less Dickens novel, and certainly not David Copperfield, and that they based their scenario on some other poorly written scenario, perhaps adjusting Copperfield, though probably the same otherwise they randomly aside from about a third of the pages and confused the rest, with some random pages, that an eighth-grade sibling had written an English class and had received an unsuccessful grade. <br /> <br /> When casting was a bad joke - such as Richards as Kramer, who played Micawber - that was, the direction and action were poorly delivered strokes. Crossing Kramer as Micawber, if possible, Ham was so full of ogre, hunch-back, and all that I was half waiting for him to see an angry pitch-fork and a torch carrying the villagers. Uriah was almost as many clowns as Micawber. Mr. Murdstone brought out as much fear as the Muppet's vampire on Sesame Street. The actor who plays the older David was, in my opinion, actually a woman. In any case, looking for the way he wanted, he could find a mirror to see how beautiful he looked, and saw that he looked pretty pretty, he couldn't convince us he was writing a flip. And while we are on this point, one of the many difficult inaccuracies that the manufacturers of this shameful party have committed is that David writes his story somewhere between 18 and 21 years old when he is in his forties, in an unnecessary blow. Perhaps the greatest transgression was, although it is difficult to choose, a showdown invented by David and Murdstone when he called the third woman in Switzerland, preceded by the death of Murdstone's second woman. Though they were surprised, they didn't know they didn't go to Hepha Guillotine, and send him to Sidney's famous last words. It couldn't make things much worse. It could have been much better. <br /> <br /> When art is interrupted, literally thousands of small and big sins are literally against literature and anyone who looks at it is at risk of seriously and permanently damaging all aspects. their sensitivity.
