"Boom" has gained a reputation for itself. With Taylor, Burton, Noel Coward, Tennessee Williams, and Joseph Losey, one might think how bad it could be? Well, it is much worse than you could imagine. <br /> <br /> The sad and disturbing fact of "Boom" is that it seems to indicate a fall and fall of the above-mentioned heavy vehicles. It was only directed by Joseph Losey, who fell into the depths of "Modesty Blaise" and "Boom" (some wanted to add "Secret Ceremony"), managed to recover and in 1970 create his best work, the wonderful "Go-Between" The toughest thing is Tennesee Williams work. From the mid-40s to the beginning of the sixties, Williams made a number of stories that have reached a classic status, remaining in the theater repertoire all over the world, many of which are highly acclaimed films. When William's Museum reversed it, probably due to his notorious substance abuse, he remained for him. Williams is his best figure dream, offering many unforgettable performances. (Was Ava Gardner or Deborah Kerr ever better than "Iguana at night"?) Taylor was especially bright at "Cat's Hot Tin Roof" as well as "suddenly last summer". There is an anecdote in which Taylor allegedly asks John Gielgud whether he would teach him to play Shakespeare, to which he replied: "If you teach me to play Tennessee Williams". Had Gielgud seen "Boomi" that he would have had in his language. Taylor has just never been worse by turning brightness into performance. Despite taking his face, he is decisively podgy. In addition to physical decline, he loses credibility since then as a serious actress with an unforgettable (and worse) role for his credit. The same can be said about Burton. For a short-lived theater stardom, he won fame and happiness in Hollywood. But his work on the body from this point (1968) would be the least noticeable. <br /> <br /> Noel Coward had long stopped acting in a theater where his comedy comedies had been replaced by the likes of Williams and British "angry young men". She seems to enjoy herself in tents, but she barely manages to be a man. <br /> <br /> The only cast member who holds his dignity is the young Joanna Shimkus, who for a couple of years would quit a promising screen career to get Ms Sidney Poitier. <br /> <br /> "Boom" is waiting for self-awareness; it's just out of control. Rather, a sad cursor to a career went wrong, not as a camping party, as some have suggested.
