It's a bad season for Bollywood, with all the big releases that have a massive hype around it that proves it's a box office. London Dreams is no exception. We are breaking it ... It's all about dreaming behind your dreams and how far you get it. Seems impressive right? But unfortunately this is not a movie. <br /> <br /> Arjun (Ajay Devgan) is an ambitious musician who ever wants to make it big. His dream is to perform at Wembley Stadium in front of 90,000 audiences. He has two brothers, Zoheb & Wasim (debut Aditya Roy & Ranvijay) and lively Priya (Asin). Together they make up their dream band "London Dreams". After being impressed by the head of the recording company, they get overnight. Arjun is in love with Priya, which he does not want to reveal until he reaches his goal. Arjun then brings his childhood friend Manjit Khosla, or Mannu (Salman Khan), a careless flirtatious man who has no ambition to join his band in life. Mannu is a trained musician and a true talent to whom Arjun later became jealous of Mann's superior skills and Priya. Arjun plans to break Mannu with the help of Zoheb. Next is the rest of the movies. <br /> <br /> Due to the technical aspects, we only know the shade of Sha, we've been breastfeeding in Namaste London. He felt he was just a scenario. Short cut, glorified camera man. The Suresh Nair scenario is boring, although it has moments. The scenario, defined in a predictable manner, has made you rigid. The work of the camera was fantastic for capturing the beauty of London. It's the only entertaining part of watching songs. <br /> <br /> Few songs are hummable, while others are satisfying noisy prices. Ajay was the one who stole the exhibition with its negative character. Salman is monotonous and he is angry with you. Asin is forgotten and I don't know he's making it big in Bollywood. Aditya Roy is impressive, while Ranvijay is strictly OK. Brinda as a slut is what we've seen in countless movies. Proceedings are pending at Ompuri. I don't want to write down my mistakes because it's a Herculean task. Finally, let me put it simple and straight, London Dreams is a breathless film that you can enjoy on DVD.
