London Dreams, led by Vipul Shah, is a stupidly silly film about stupid people. This is a film whose central conflict can be resolved immediately when the concerned characters just sat and chatted. Ajay Devgan plays Arjun, an aspiring pop artist who has stood in front of a thrilling crowd at London's Wembley Stadium. He's jealous of his dedicated best friend and band man Manu, played by Salman Khan, who is probably more talented than his, but not nearly as focused or ambitious. Arjun decides to sabotage Manu if its popularity threatens to circumvent its own. Now is where the heart-heart could have helped. If Arjun had explained what that Wembley fixation meant to him, Manu would have kindly supported and let Arjun fulfill his childhood dream, and we would have saved it from looking at the rest of this relaxed generation. But director Vipul Shah and his writers are not entertaining to encourage us. London Dreams is packed unintentionally with fun gems, such as Arjun's grandfather, who was ashamed of suicide to get on stage at the Wembley concert. Or a ridiculous incident at a show where Manu has to take over vocal responsibility after a confetti burst virtually stifles Arjun's silence. But idiot doesn't stop there. Arjun uses his connections to get Manu on drugs, his attempts to embarrass publicly. The green group calls on Manut to shoot a few tequila shots with him, but replaces his salt with cocaine. Before you know, Manu has gained quite an appetite for addictive white powder, practically chomping like dinner. If it is not stupid enough, then there will be a raw scene where Manu will drive out of the girl to find out who has ordered it. The quest ends in a dark London alley where the girl gets kneeled, pretending not to do it to mislead Manu's girlfriend who is secretly following them. Wait, there's more! Expect to climb hysterically when Arjun clicks out of his waist and ruthlessly spits out to get out of the romantic or lustful thoughts of the band's leading dancer Priyna (played by Asin), because nothing and no one can steer him away from musical goals. Too generously inspired by Milos Forman's Amadeus, it deserves a comparison of last year's Rock On! -Ga, Vipul Shahi's newest crap melodrama, which is as loosely targeted as it is written. The film is about widespread humor, sensational emotions, and mainly validity. It works with the character of Manu, because Salman Khan plays him all loutish and lovable, but in the case of Arjun, Ajay Devgan comes too passive in the show is mostly internalized. However, when Arjun reaches the boiling point, it leads to an uncomfortable pre-climax scene where he reads the packed concert hall and is clearly tempered with plastic bottles. The rest of the cast things cannot be said to Asin, who practically enlightened Ghajin with his unequal charm, but does not lose the unnecessary overregulation here in his grateful role. Ranvijay Singh and Aditya Roy Kapur, who are just a bandwagon in the band, appear at regular intervals, usually to express some inanal dialogue, such as "We kidnap this guy!" London's dreams are ultimately tiring for meaningless writing and sloppy direction. If you like, check out this for Salman Khan, who has become a holiday home as a bona fide actor. This is the only thing that makes you sad about this sad sad film.
