When this movie was first shown on television, I had great hopes that we would finally have a decent film about the World War I American soldiers were experiencing. Unfortunately, this is not the case. <br /> <br /> It should have been a good WWI movie. Although it was made for television, it is obvious that the appropriate equipment and props were used. However, the lack of writing and leadership is very bad, although the makers of this film apparently borrowed from quite a few well-made war films. Clichés of war films are abundant, like the arrogant general, who probably do not care about the lives of their men. When does Hollywood realize that, although there have been many bad generals, most of the combat units' generals have seen a lot of struggle for themselves and are not naive about the average terrible experience? The first part of this film seemed to be the American uniforms prizes. Except that "the way of honor" was emotionally engaging. Later, Chamberlain was charged (except for the uphill) with "Gettysburg" and even the American soldier was captured by enemy soldiers "The Thin Red Line". But on the "Red Line" the soldier was captured alone. In this movie, a new prisoner rounds the middle of the battle. <br /> <br /> When this movie used a military advisor, he ignored him. Although the actors (and I never forgot that they were actors actors), I couldn't see military tactics. American soldiers shoot up when the Germans attacked. And the infamous Storm Troopers, who were apparently blind, seemed to have no tactics in their attack. The real war was the tactic that made the storm attacks so effective. But the scariest scene was the German fire safety attack. In this scene, operators of German flame burners walked toward defensive Americans. If it had been real, they would never be close enough to use their spelling before the bullet balls had fallen. <br /> <br /> Okay, so most war movies are unrealistic when it comes to tactics. But it is still disappointing. But what really brought this flick to me was the typical anti-war warhead that filmmakers think is important. True, war is hell. But most of the American soldiers, even if they are worried and gripping, tend to believe what they are doing and can be quite gung-ho. My grandfather served in World War I. And although he died four years before he was born, I was told how proud he was.
