The actors in the head of the children acted back to the beginning. Although there are some exceptions, most children simply cannot act and even those that usually disrupt after a few minutes. The children of Paperhouse have been able to catch the worst of both worlds, because they are both very annoying and do not have the ability to work in the ounce between them. In short; they are garbage. This is not good, given that they are leading positions, and it is not good, in particular, if you think that it is practically impossible to take the film seriously because of the landfill. It's a shame that this movie is such a dead loss because the plot is not (not entirely). That's the result of a young girl who, after taking her house from her laptop, wakes up in her fantasy world. Soon he will be able to manipulate this world through his drawings, so he will make various changes until his dream finally becomes horror. Oh dear. <br /> <br /> As you can see, this plot line provides a good base for a good fantasy horror movie. But it is destroyed by a number of fatal errors. First of all, despite the premise that this is a great prerequisite for a lot of creativity; The movie is extremely outdated. The average plot is hardly played at all and the result is a totally boring experience. The lack of tension is another big bug in the movie because it feels it is appropriate to drag every sequence to a point that you just don't care anymore (due to the lack of ideas). Partly due to its leading figures, the film looks like children. You have to wait for it to celebrate children, but Bernard Rose should have decided that he wanted to make the story; if the movie's horror is at best ridiculous. The film is also very exciting and the "romance" between the two groups is extremely sharp and it is very painful to watch. In fact, if I had to put one word on this travesty, I would choose to be "painful." Paperhouse has been badly done, ridiculously drawn, very bright and boring. Save yourself pain, see something else.
