The Eternal Jew (Der Ewige Jude) is not what we would call today to mark a scientific document: instead of appointing experts or sources to support what he says, he simply says, without opposition, what he wants to believe (one admits that even American newspapers of that time were much less regulated than they would seem to be ethical for modern audiences, often adding dramatic scenes and transmitting them to a real newsletter). Add to this directed propaganda the fact that the filmmaker Hippler had "preached to the transformed", not so much asking Europeans who hate Jews, like validating the feelings that many of them had to keep in order to allow the Holocaust that followed. The weakest link in the film's logic shows its "rat" in analogy, where it continues to explain the behavior of the rats and then adds "Well, the Jewish people are like that." Similarly, it characterizes the Jewish people as ugly, showing unsightly Jewish people compared to attractive refugees; The leap of faith is that the ugly is bad. The film seems to contradict a few times, for example, by attacking western painters who portrayed the signs of the Old Testament as Europeans with mild skin; the text thus recognizes that the so-called "Hebrew" ethnic origin is actually an established aspect of Christian culture. It also shows ghetto-Jews who are happily living with roach-infected slag, despite the alleged treasure they have collected, and then flapping, saying that the same unwanted live wealth and luxury as they leave the ghetto. By the way, who is not? The use of scenes from a well-known American film, House of Rothschild, shows an equally vague introduction of logic. First, the film is condemned by the Jews; then Hippler has apparently used to control Jewish fraud (the above-mentioned pretense of poverty by ghetto Jews, which is shown as a means of tax evasion, although the "spin" character of Rothschild is that Jews are taxed excessively); finally, Rothschild's film is filled, which means that the famous bank family invented the account. This obvious indecision about whether the American video material has been positively or negatively shown may become clearer with repetitive views, but at first glance it makes a bit of a twilight look. For all the shortcomings of the Eternal Jew, I was first surprised that the IMDb viewer rating for this film is as big as just "5". I would say that the reason for this is that the documentary value of the EJ has surpassed its original purpose by inadvertently offering the lives of European Jews because they do not see them for a few years. Needless to say, the film's very bad performance is also a historical picture of bad or just evil filmmaking as a propagandist tool. About this time I should wait for the director Hippler to start flopping again, and says, "That's what I had to do together!" Scenes depicting the killing of animals are particularly harsh and show the same way as decisively inhuman, as opposed to the Kosher Act, to avoid animal suffering. I would like someone who saw the film and who knows these procedures to comment on whether the portrayal is accurate.
