The fall of La Chute de la Maison Usher or Usher's house, as is well known in English, begins with Allan (Charles Lamy) on his good friend Sir Roderick Usher (Jean Debucourt), who sent him a letter saying that his wife Madeleine is sick. Then, Allan thinks Madeleine is very sick and her husband Roderick decided to & almost obsessed with painting his portrait. As Roderick paints, Madeleine becomes weaker and weaker than it would be when a picture clears her life, Allan tries to help her friend, but the tragedy is about to hit ... <br /> <br /> This French production was written together, produced by Jean Epstein & director and was the second of two filmed Usher houses in 1928, frankly I don't know that the original novel was released in 1839. come at the same time! Anyway, I feel like I have a bit of a problem here because I've read many positive comments about La Chute de la Maison Usher and maybe I'm not the right person to write a comment on this, but I have to say he just didn't something for me. I didn't like it, probably the first thing to say is that it is a silent movie and that's why it is based on images, but even so I thought the story was weak, I thought the whole movie was boring and boring even though it lasts only about an hour and it didn't do anything for me at all. La Chute de la Maison Usher was made almost 80 years ago, and literally life, the world, the cinema and the flavors have moved much since then. I feel this movie is badly dated and probably not good anyway. I never knew any character, I didn't care about what happened, and I found it was quite tedious to sit down, I'm sorry when I get into any silent movie fans, but that's the way I felt. <br /> <br /> Director Epstein is doing a good job, many people are talking about La Chute de la Maison Usher's images, and I freely admit that it's definitely moments, but I thought they were little and far. Moving into the mouth of people and not actually hearing what they were just saying seemed strange to me. I didn't like the music and version I saw, preserving the original French cards that the guy had told the most horrible French accent that had been put out. Based on the story of Edgar Allen Poe, I doubt that it resembles, except for one or two key elements, staying in the fantastic Roger Corman's Usher House, where Vincent's price is. <br /> <br /> Technically, the film is well thought to make it. Just can't say how it works because nobody is talking, even though the film is full of unnatural exaggerated movements to try and suggest emotions or to reflect what is going on for a while to work. Br /> La Chute de la Maison Usher turns to those who crave a past, living in caves or in the past. And I'm sorry if this last statement makes me an unknown idiot, but I feel. The world has been moving forward since 1928 and better.
