Jean Seberg had no operational capability. Like all his films, Bonjour does not know his appearance (although he may be the first of those modern women whom Tom Wolfe delightfully describes, "just like boys' boys": of course, publishers use the word "gamine"), but seriously suffers from bored, monotonous, killing voice. In all of his films, which had to play anger, Seberg played it very audibly, annoyingly, boosting his monotonously droned verbalization. Oy. <br /> <br /> Preminger Françoise Sagan's breath-young, fantasy soap opera plot Adjustment is only remarkable for his lush cinematography - but then it is difficult for the French Riviera, and perhaps its suitable way to function, is not a groundbreaking, monochrome job for today's scenes, from which Seberg's monotonous narrative gives us a fallen color to the past. <br /> < br /> Juliette Gréco has a short moment in a black and white spotlight a nouns an obscure existentialist lyric of the headline vocal with the Dietrichesque voice. Currently, this moment is more than a little retrospectively. Except, of course, if you are French - especially if you are a French "68-er" who wants the brilliant days of the Sorbonne roundabout - and your children are rebellious to sustain life-long events that have broken and fascinated the economy: you still believe more to Sartre and Foucault and to all such incomprehensible, irrelevant theorists. t all about Sagan's teens vision of hip, cool, swing, 'mon copain! 'Papa. Deborah Kerr offers her usual, unnecessarily professional presence, convincingly playing a woman who is inadvertently suffering from Seberg's malicious teenage tatt-nose-jealousy (Sagan's low teenage fantasy “classical theme” can be just one queen bee nest ”); in fact, Kerr is the only great and memorable moment of the film on the screen. <br /> <br /> Dialogue is unnatural - I agree with a previous reviewer who said it was "badly translated" from French; Combine unnatural scripting with Seberg's incomparably boring, unendurable monotone and you can save it to another one night. First of all, the copying of unevenly synchronized post-production votes is almost always obvious and therefore much more than just plain: this is especially true of Mylène Demongeot's dubbing, because it breaks his otherwise very stupid blonde result. br /> Hunky Geoffrey Horne is here for a short end - a very good looking young man, who also suffered less than a cute, mysterious voice, which, when paired with the drone of Seberg, convincingly gives puppy love scenes. (Horne was, we say, just enough on the "Kwai River", maybe because at the end of those big cinematic profiles William Holden and Jack Hawkins did not support it unfortunately unmodified). <Br /> <br /> Overall, Bonjour Triste is beautiful to look at, but it's low, immature soap: a thin cube with foam.
