It is obvious that the people who made the "Dead at the Box Office" love the B-movie horror. Reversed references to the genre pepper all the characters in the stock (the number of authors who do not believe the monstrous invasion really happens) in Kevin Smith's style of debate, to revive Duane Jones' last moments of 'Dead Night of Life' never twice. <br /> <br /> Making a good movie is unfortunately more than love. Although a common warning in a film school is to avoid the "Mastershot Theater", the story speaks with a broad masterpiece, then we find the front side, because in many sequences it is difficult to describe the spatial relationships between the characters when the story is spoken of a series of medium-sized shots that do not let them hit. Editing is drab and basic, and sometimes there are unwarranted cuts. Lighting is flat and sometimes mud, making scenes in the dark theater difficult. Some pictures are out of focus. The dialogue is small and performances, mostly with one comment (Isaiah Robinson shows some energy and the presence of the screen in Curtis, and the companion playing with the projector is pleasantly stupid, Michael Allen Williams as theater manager and Casey Kirkpatrick is the enthusiastic film geek Eric. The premise is silly, even B horror flick also this is too bad Dr. Eisner did not know Project Paperclip - he could have saved himself a lot of trouble!) "Zombies" are not threatening and their makeup is not convincing (though a thick zombie trying to get out of the machine, smile). There is very little blood or violence in the Zombie fan movie, although it is there, it's pretty good. ”Random music, stylistically uneven, is sometimes nice, and there are some good effects. the accompanying pictures were less fun to watch. Unfortunately, the loop is played with a flat dialogue. Was this picture not synchronized (suspicious, it looks like I watched Troma Films' Lloyd Kaufman's special introduction before the main function - although it mainly consisted of Kaufman who united his stuff and admitted that he didn't see the movie when someone created a Toxie mask, its production and entertainment values ​​were higher as "Dead ..." itself (as a quick aside, who puts the DVD together - the film director's beep will only sound on the flash frame 2, not every number plus one). In this context, the Vampire movie theaters "Dead ..." see early on. Suggestion to avoid if you do not know anyone who has been involved in production or are an exciting Lloyd Kaufman graduate (he plays in the movie-film "Kaufman Minion"). <br /> <br /> (Full Disclosure: My girlfriend is extra in this movie. I swear it's not my color.)
