Response to previous comments made by the inhabitants of the region where this film was objective: One person suggested that closing and destroying the ocean view amusement park caused a decline in the surrounding neighborhoods. It's not just true. Prior to the construction of Interstate 64, which crosses the ocean view area, the main traffic went through the heart of Ocean View. After cross-country closure, Ocean View quickly became a ghost town where businesses closed and increased crime. As a result, the park's revenue fell dramatically, including the new competition for Busch Gardens near Williamsburg. In the meantime, the City of Norfolk has in recent years made significant efforts to promote restructuring, so that the region has become a place to build a high quality housing. <br /> <br /> It was said that the roller-skate material was used in Rollercoaster. It's also wrong. Two bicycle carts were shot in the frame to take care of driving this movie, but the actual explosions and collapse are the death of the "Ocean View Park" alone. <br /> <br /> As for the movie, the "supernatural" power in the water next to the park was definitely silly but somewhat typical of the time for class B movies. With the attendance, there should be no surprises that the main parties had hugged the landscape in almost every scene. I don't think this movie was meant for "Citizen Kane"; I believe Playboy has tested a new non-nude format to determine if it is an area where the company is expanding (probably not!). At the conference table, it seemed strange in the water that caused strange events in the old amusement park, but had proved impossible to fulfill. Anyway, the roller coaster and the rest of the parks were meant to break the ball; "We come up with a strange way to justify explosive death!" <br /> <br /> For a casual movie viewer, this movie would "look once and forget about it" (except Diana Canova fans); but for the thousands of people living in the area who have a pleasant memory of the park, this film is like a "walk-in memory card" for the film footage of the park and Norfolk city center, the first "Harborfest" old frames. and Old Dominion University. Even a limited spread of this movie on DVD would be welcome.
