Bizarre Tobe Hooper training on the unfortunate young man (Brad Dourif) that can burn people. This ability stems from parents who participated in the 50's atomic tests. They die as a result of spontaneous burning of a person, and it seems that what Sam is going to suffer is due to the pills his girlfriend, Lisa (Cynthia Bain), gives her tough migraines. In reality, Lisa told me to manipulate Sam's pillars by Lew Orlander (William Prince), a pretty young man's father who raised him from the child. Lew has well-intentioned plans. He sees Sami as the first "Atomic Man", a pure killing machine in human form. Sam never wanted to do it and does whatever he does to silence those responsible for his condition. When the film goes, Sami's blood grows slowly poisonous, instead of green in red. The water and other substances that often fire out seem to react immediately when Sami's uncontrolled flame burns. Come to find out, Lisa is a Sami, whose parents die from SHC. Dr. Marsh (Jon Cypher), someone who Sam has long been known for as his doctor, is adding poisonous green liquid to his body, I think they are increasing their flame levels. Nina (Melinda Dillon, a sporting accent that disappears in and out) was a friend and companion of Sami's parents in the 50's, trying to talk to her about what was going on. And Rachel (Dey Young) is a former Sami husband who can work with her former husband with Lew and Marsh to hurt her and Lisa. flame effects. Dourif is trying to add to his character the tragic element and the intensity we look at, as his body slowly becomes a toxic waste whose fire often comes from his openings. He has a big hole in his hand that ignites a flame like a volcano and a massive burning place that increases over time. The best scene is probably when director John Landis, who represents a rude electrician who is trying to report to Sam, because the radio program he is calling has sounded overnight, he becomes a victim. Flick never works because it is so brutally uneven as a steep, ridiculous final, where Sam offers his fire to release Lisa when he takes it off.
