The title alone (with a poster) is enough to give out "Predicted Person" as "The Fly" for a clear breakdown. And, Bryant Haliday, though much better than the typical IMDb review you think would be, no one has thought of Vincent Price's acceptable stand. Although, come to think about who would be if Micheal Gough wasn't available? However, if you are in the mood to watch the British Hammer-style science fiction about a teleportation attempt that has gone terribly wrong ... well, you could still give "The Predictable Man" a passport and rumble in your "postponed" trash in your local Wal-Mart another teleporter movie. Because it's not that good. <br /> <br /> Haliday caught the MST3K team in his movie and "Devil Doll", but he's actually the best. TPM. Maybe he can't wear a movie, but he doesn't get any help here. The script continues to push the pace of any advancement where the plot may have the nonsense of peace and university politics, and some of Lembach's name and some sinful Kabbalah who want the teleportation machine to fail so they can steal their secrets ... or something. So all the dramatic sequences on the first half of the movie include either telephone calls or special effects with transparent espresso machines and teleporting rats. When bad Haliday is broken by his machine, he has to spend more than half of his face and rubber cement on his last film while he flows through a variety of Londoners who run their way. Tom Cruise and Eric Roberts, who used the roe deer, couldn't do this scenario. In the meantime, all other parties are trying to strive for life and interest in the little project in these markets, but the scenario simply swallows its efforts as a whole. The corrupt project manager looks and smokes and smokes the phone at his wrestlers, while not knowing that he looks like a werewolf equipped with a pair game and a Tattersall vest. Haliday's research specialist and former girlfriend are the least convincing romance in the history of the British horror. His secretary is forced to smile in his "small". None of them really work or gels for real film. And all this is just dead, leaving the viewer going, "Eh? Excuse me, wasn't here STOP here?" <br /> <br /> Because of all my problems, I can easily name ten horror films from the same period that were either bad or worse, and so anyone else who follows movies (or who has ever browsed IMDb's "Lower 100") . I really wouldn't pay money for my "projected person", but if it were included in some other compilation with a dozen other movies in the DVD collection, I probably feel that good. It's a harmless deviation that is perfect for a horror movie festival to watch with friends when you consume a lot of beers and snacks on Saturday night.
