Professor Paul Steiner conducts research on the transfer of substances. He has developed a machine that he can use to make an object, such as a wristwatch or rodent, disappear so that the object changes to a different place. But there are those in her research center who don't like or disagree with her experiments and do her best to see her fail. After an unsuccessful demonstration that could have saved his funding, Professor Steiner decides to test his machine himself. As expected, things go terribly wrong, and he gets heavily frightened crazy, whose mere touch kills. <br /> <br /> In retrospect, it might not have been such a good idea to look back at the projected man in the same week looking at the flight, flight and flight. It only seems that there are so many films about metabolism and potentially terrible effects on the human body that one person should endure within three or four days. I'm not sure what those responsible for the movie list are responsible for their source-designed man, but much of it is so similar to Fly movies that it can't be just a coincidence. The predicted person is not nearly as good as Fly's trilogy worst. <br /> <br /> In addition to being terribly uniquely intelligent, the projected person has many other problems that really affect the enjoyment of the movie. I have a big problem with Bryant Haliday. He's such a horse's ass that I don't just care about his suffering, but actually about it. Supporting cast members Mary Peach and Ronald Allen are almost as bad. They are so blissful and dull that hardly matters. In fact, there is very little to predict when looking at a projected man. Soundbar ?? not very memorable. "Look"? I would largely describe this from "mud". Content ?? predictable. Action ?? there is none. In general, it's one to avoid. <br /> <br /> Fortunately, I watched a projected man through a copy of Mystery Science Theater 3000 episode. Funny stuff! Although it is not absolute, very often, the poorer the film? the better the MST3K riffs. The guys hit almost all of their characters with The Projected Man. I'm very eager to give him a rating of 4/5 on my MST3K rating scale.
