Posh Spice Victoria Beckham and his alleged new adventures after going to LA (footballer hub David is now a Galaxy LA player after his transfer from Madrid) were originally supposed to be a full version, but fortunately it was shortened to just one hour or so. But even in this form it is still effortless. <br /> <br /> Like almost all "reality" TV shows, most cases are just as obviously counterfeit, with the program itself acknowledging that Posh's newly appointed personal assistant is an actor. Ugly-Betty lookalike hears early on some flat-written and performed revolutions (obviously jokingly with Beck's obviously previous and rather glamorous PA Rebecca Loos, although his name is not mentioned) with further sequences that include a fake stroke to break paparazzi and hopeless aspirations to hit baseball. <br /> <br /> It could have been more interesting if everyone had admitted that it was fluffy and had a leader or impersonator in leading role. The recommended impressionist, Ronni Ancona, would have been perfect and would be better than Posh himself, and if that more reasonable decision had been made, it would have been much more fun and fun. we have the real thing here (Mrs Ancona could have been too weak anyway anyway), and while there is an odd scattered attempt to self-cleanse and irony, it never removes from the distance, since La Beckham's considerable wealth has previously been announced and her inability to offer funny jokes despite her the intention to send his picture, Mrs Beckham comes over as low egotists, and her weak single liners do not convince us that she has any humorous self-awareness. I suspect that if a more realistic documentary approach to wall-walling was taken, namely Posh, who walked through any of LA's streets and has been completely ignored (instead of showing the light hysteria, staged, staged scenes shown here) and unsolicited jibs Making about Loos, mentioned above, would have made the TV a bit better, but being a cytophantic PR material will not allow the bones themselves to happen. <br /> <br /> Having said that, the last scenes in which he made a special look at the baseball stadium, where he was indifferently represented by a crowd of interest, is a difficult time to make it big in Hollywood. His colleague, Scary Spice (aka Mel Brown), also found it impossible to make it a big film in the capital, despite his attitude (which was not perfect) to the big name Eddie Murphy. <br /> <br /> Spice girls were, of course, massively successful bubble pop pop in the mid-1990s. in their home country of Great Britain, but still popular in other countries, including the US. They were definitely happy to be at the top of their glory (1997) when it seemed like Britain was Cool Britannia and a period of glorious optimism with the new labor government that Spice Girls seems to be better than anyone else at that time, even though it was somewhat made. ever prominent musical or singing talents, and UK optimism seemed to fade quickly later in the year (the starting point was allegedly tragic death of Princess Diana), as well as spices themselves. Their presence in the music and entertainment scene soon became recurring and obvious and if they were all quietly in the eyes of the public dearly moved to enjoy your fortunes, we would all have had pleasant memories encrypted in our mind without guilt. Unfortunately, the emergence of a frightening "fame" culture in the UK at the beginning of the millennium has cost them the imagination, and we have all suffered thousands, if not millions, of spices because Posh is the worst offender, the rest of his colleagues are not too far behind. It was recently announced that a reunion will soon be over, which is puzzling because they have never disappeared and they certainly do not need any additions to their swollen bank accounts. Perhaps the two of them are single mothers, maybe? <br /> <br /> It's good to see a documentary about the Becks adventures coming soon, I can't wait ............. <br /> <br /> Rating: 2 out of 10 .
