I tend to love everything that the great late Paul Naschy (R.I.P.) had ever had. While not all Naschy starring films are great, they all have a special charm that can be found anywhere, but in Naschy flicks, and they are always entertaining. However, there is no rule, like "El Mariscal Del Infierno". "Devil's Possessed" (1974) proves. Though the film has a specific Naschy-flick charm, it unfortunately draws too much and indeed really a cold. Naschy stars like the evil baron Gilles De Lancré, who pushes people and uses black magic and bloody rituals to stay in power. When Gaston de Malebranche (Guillermo Bredeston), who fought side by side with Gilles De Lancré against the British, learns about the evil behavior of the baron, he decides to turn to his former weapons companion and help people get rid of the devilish Baron tyranny ... <br /> > Directed by León Klimovsky, best known as Naschy's "La Noche De Walpurgis" (1971), the film was written by Naschy himself. Naschy often wrote his films, and it has to be said that he mostly did better and more original work than here. "El Mariscal Del Infierno" is mostly built for historical adventure as a horror film and it becomes quite boring in the middle. Often it reminds of the 50's Sword and Sandal films, only that this movie was set in the Middle Ages. The satanic part was probably only added because the great Paul Naschy's name is related to Horror's genre. The film has good parts: Paul Naschy, who gives strange speeches, Paul Naschy looks strange, Paul Naschy makes satanic things, Paul Naschy tortures innocent victims, and so on. But unfortunately, most of the film focuses on the boring hero and good men, and these moments are boring. The female cast members are nice to watch, but unlike most Naschy films, it has no nudity and no gap. There are some gore, but it seems mostly clumsy and not as fun as watching most other Naschy films. All in all, "El Mariscal Del Infierno" is worth searching for only your companion Naschy enthusiast. There are dozens of films featuring the Spanish Horror Deity, which should be seen before "El Jorobado De La Morgue" (1973), "La Orgia De Los Muertos" ("Hanging Woman", 1973), "El Espanto Surge De La Tumba "(" Fear of Grave Tomb ", 1973)," Latidos De Panico "(" Panic Beats ", 1983)," Rojo Sangre "(2004) or other" Waldemar Daninsky "werewolf films. REST IN PEACE. Paul Naschy. Legends Will Never Die!
