It is quite clear that the director and production team tried to paint less than a strange picture of a Palestinian girl and her family. The film and its website try to point out that Ayat has a secret reason to blow himself up and Rachel - a boy-problem - maybe a pregnancy. It is happily glossy that Ayat himself had seen a close friend's death in the hands of the Israelis - just outside his home. Gosh, so why on earth would a young, beautiful, intelligent girl plan to go to college and do it? Could it be that the hormonal, emotional teenager was traumatized when he saw someone he loved to die in front of his eyes? This detail needs all 5 seconds in the movie. Another clean adjacent detail is that Avigail Levy, Rachel's mother, could have prevented the destruction of the Akhras family dwelling (with 22 other families). It is clear that he offers it as a "concession" - if Mrs Akhras agrees to talk to her. "Why should I?" he says. (Since the film was made, the home has destroyed it - the interview probably didn't do what he wanted - so bring bulldozers) pr. hope, opportunity to overcome rooted hatred "- he uses it as an excuse to threaten Ayats 'mother while hanging the house as a carrot. Moreover, although two women live only 4 miles away, she is so touched by the reality of her Palestinian neighbors' occupation that she really thinks that Mrs. Akhras can just drop a cup of coffee? she lives originally from Jaffa, but now she lives in the refugee camp just 4 miles from where Levys lives in comparative luxury. Every sympathy I would have obviously been able to do well in her air of independent bitchiness. the mother comes out as kind, direct and loving - despite the best efforts of the post production team to paint her and her family as monsters. Heck even the music and sound design was one-sided - I think muezzin sings EVERY DAY every day 4 miles away from the Levy family home, always a sharp contrast Happy new era music that appreciates this drab excuse documentary e translation question - Mrs Levy is turning directly to the camera in English if she has prepared something to say in good time, Hebrew if she does not. Mrs. Akhras spoke only of Arabic, which sometimes became TRANSLATION, sometimes TRANSLITERY, always uncomfortable and highly suspected of allegedly objective film. They also "sweated" her under the lights, while Mrs Levy sat (conditioned) with comfort. also editing the segments of Mrs Akhras. I gave him 2 because I liked Ayats' mother and father, who seemed like good decent people. Skirt, HBO, manufacturers and director, for releasing such a stink bomb.
