Welcome to our city, welcome to your city? As we are introduced to the 1901 American Cities of the World, this three-sample exhibition is opened with The Stage Manager, a visual narrator, if you wish. After the first introduction, we are in the homes of two specific families; Webb's and Gibb's this <br /> <br /> This is the most solid mid-century turn of the century and the progressive lifestyle of the American dream and the saccharine uprisings that may be a bit biased city in this dream. Here we see the everyday life of some of its 2642 inhabitants in the corner of Grover, New Hampshire, even if there are migrant workers who add another 500 people, those they never find. <Br /> <br /> When the daily lives of these families have been introduced; women cooking, working at home, working with fathers, children in love and pure white fencing, another activity starts three years later, after young George (young and unknown William Holden, then 22 years old) and Emily are in love and intend to marry . Flowering loving birds are turning to the stars, reaching their place in their lives from the nest they lived and now, to the anxieties and troubles of a young adulthood. The third thing is a bit more sour and predictive, that's the fact that the film's intentions appear, here we don't see life, not celebration, but death, and just in this situation, when they return and come to terms with their life in the past, it's here to remind us to tell us that life and every last minute may not be wasted and wasted by any valuable breath. <br /> <br /> The film's own political stance also seems to be more obvious, knowing more about the propaganda money about the average America and the average moral lecture and how it should direct its home and how it should be organized. It does not only mean our city, it is a moral dictation aimed at "our" souls and how America gets its own people better (except for Poles, Irish, Indians and Free National Minorities), and minorities in general, plus a backbone supporting Americana still fairly involved in this story), such as the middle class, can meet the expectations of the American Dream through honest and decent life. American Dream supplies only by private invitation. <br /> <br /> This movie also attracted me a bit, but I felt that his narrative had a stronger impact than anything else he did, even though good deeds, musical results or how well or not he did. It was the intention of the films to exclude other groups and include only such as Webb and Gibb, the future of the US developing country, a good film, but also a bit biased in their position. <br /> <br /> The United States-born Thornton Wilder (1897 - 1975) game is the Pulitzer Prize winning game and the sixth prize in the Academic Award nominee for life and its three major initiatives. attributes; Life, love and death, the games that are translated into celluloid, come up in a little social consciousness. Our city starts with what seems like a meaningless lesson, like other cities, there is nothing more exciting, if anything like that, this city has only the "right people", you can leave your back door unlocked and see the evolving life of these two families, but just their moral and social attitudes are more important than themselves. Our city can simply be "any city" as long as you came from the right part of the city.
