I took time with Time Changer because it looked like a nice low budget sci-fi travel movie and I was in that mood. The description said that there were some Biblical things and times related to it, but I did not expect a fundamentalist Christian film! <br /> <br /> The movie had good special effects and an interesting premise that could have come and been more interesting than it was. Our hero, a biblical professor of the 1890s, finally ends up in the 2000s and finds that modern life is full of the effects of evil - Jesus has not been found anywhere. This wonderful technological performance has been achieved with the help of a spouse teacher who has somehow managed to develop a functional HG-Wells-style time machine. The film will lose some credibility in this respect, which is regrettable because it happens very early in the film. Earlier (or maybe sooner, certainly not remembering) our hero professor saw the teaching that seemed to be a science class where he claimed that scientific conclusions could only be considered validated if it matched what the Bible says. It should be clear to everyone that it is not clear what the scientific method is, but it is presented in such a way that filmmakers seem to prefer the view that science is only useful if it supports their claims and otherwise is not beneficial. In any case, this belief is perfectly accurate and reasonable in the context of this time. So, if we accept that the life of these Bible professors is a reality, then the professor who has gone and invented probably is not a very strong believer, because I don't think there is any evidence (and no one offered) of Bible time physics. So there is the problem of mixed messaging and reliability right now, but never ... <br /> <br /> When the professor is convinced that the future will jump, the shock of modern technology in most countries was well addressed. cases. It was also fun if it wasn't fixed to the exact year (as the character reads down to the newspaper, the car cries out of the horn and it scares him to finish it: it's just two thousand. * Honk *). Some of the shock went a little too long. For example, the car was one of the first things he arrived at, and about two days later he called for a church evening and drove into the car. She sticks out of her window like a dog, she's frightened by headlamps and the starter, etc. It seemed a bit off because he had been there for a few days and the city seemed quite busy with traffic. In any case, it's easy to ignore. The rest of the technical shock was well done - especially his first encounter with the television that was late because he didn't even know what it was until he saw the boy watching and remote control. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, our hero is predictably going to preach to almost everyone he meets, as if he were the author of all life and religion just because he is from the past and is older. Finally, in a short moment, he gets to the church he visited, where he explains his concept of Christianity to a long monologue that was supposed to be moving and insightful, but mostly was just the same. A couple of husbands in the church start to feel funny about this man (go to the drawing) and look into his name. Finally, they come to the conclusion that he is a traveler of time or is a long dead Bible professor who decides to find out what it is. In the film, these men are not religious bad guys who are skeptical. <br /> <br /> Just before the professor has to go back to his time, he faces these two men. In an attempt to avoid arrest or imprisonment, he finally breaks down on a near-mad beach about how Jesus will arrive soon and that he is a prophet to listen to him. It is at the right time that he has been thrown out and one of the spouses is wondering if it is perhaps the rap that he heard so much. <br /> <br /> The irony is that it basically means that the professor became a self-proclaimed (and most likely wrong) prophet who claims that the consciousness that the attack was near and God sent him when he was right he was sent by his Bible professor and had no knowledge of God (it was indicated or even hinted). br /> <br /> As I understand it, the Revelation states that the end time is only for God, and at the end of the film we see the inventor professor who is trying (and unable) to send the Bible to the future. First 2080, then 2070, etc. Due to the disappearance of the scene. It is clear that he is trying to determine the exact date of the deadline - which he should not know! In principle, the whole premise of the film itself cancels, because being so demanding of its religious beliefs and how certain things are only known to God, it means that you will never be able to set up a BE time machine first, because then mankind may know what only God should be know! The premise of the whole film collapses and makes the whole thing worthless in principle, as it undermines its own credibility.
