Cassavete was clearly a smart, sensitive person with bold new ideas for making movies. He wanted to be an auteur to break the boundaries of the system and bring new realism to the American cinema. I thank him for that. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, as a member of the audience, I'm not a woman who is under the influence. Cassavetes took something that could have been an exciting subject (crazy woman), but somehow they managed to bring a boring film full of long, ad-slippery ranting and drawn scenes. He seems to have had a gift to capture the most lively moments of the film, and often it seems he just turned the camera on to his family and let the engine work and drive. This tactic would be acceptable if Cassavets had been hit by something devastatingly real - or even something kernel that was so real that it touched the heart with the usual film. However, I found that performances, especially in Rowlands, are artificial. I've never believed he was very crazy. I've met people who are really mentally disturbed, but I've never seen anyone like Gena Rowlands's wife. She played it like a very unpleasant, unobstructed woman who drinks a lot, and even it was confusing because we see her drink only once (at first), but she is drunk for the rest of the movie. There are some moments when it touches something real, but these moments are little and far away; he is unable to maintain a smooth mentally disturbed character. Again, I commend his efforts, but the effort alone is not enough to make the performance circle real. <br /> <br /> A beginner audience who happens to be in this movie and sees his great IMDb rating is undoubtedly forced to love it and appreciate it very much, just to prove that they 'get'. But don't let the jump judges temporarily wash themselves. You don't have to pretend you like it. <br /> <br /> Like Woody Allen, John Cassavet can be blamed for solipsism in making his films that seem to have found his psyche and his life experiences so endlessly interesting that he couldn't imagine others being presumed and embarrassed. But Woody Allen has at least shown gifts for the entertainment of the audience - he knows that for any movie, a good story and a good sense of humor are important. If Cassavets had used some self-discipline (and a sharp pair of editing scissors!), A woman under the competition could have been an opportunity. But what is the idea of ​​making a "realistic" film when the only people who can sit on it are dedicated art artists and film students who worship Cassavet as an anti-agency deity? I do not believe anything, I believe Cassavetes could have made the woman a little more accessible by keeping the pace moving with the real plot, instead of submitting 30-minute scenes of ad-libbed arguments. If you just make movies for yourself and for some of your fans, you will already get around. Watch this movie with your eye set and make your own decisions. If you have it really moved and fascinated, then good.
