Ever since an actor and independent writer / director John Cassavets, a woman has an impact on the worker's class of mental instability. Man Nick (played by Peter Falk) is a blue collar who has difficulty with his wife Mabel (played by Gena Rowlands), which he deserves attention. From the beginning of the movie, it is obvious that Mabel is very peculiar and strange, but only a few minutes later it is clear that he is much more. Hull. Bonkers. Her fucking mind. Nick tries to hide it from his companions the hardest, and after dinner he is a very strange case, he asks if he's as good as trying to deny Mabel's illness. His problem was only the spirals there. I think these problems were mostly a story and a way some characters went to the end. Mabel is committed because, frankly, he's nuts. Then, six months later, he is ready to leave the hospital and his wife throws him back to take him back. He's not stupid at the beginning of the movie. Why should he invite all these people, some of them strangers to Mabel, to his house if his wife is in such a fragile state? It's just idiotic. Later, after coming to Mabel's house, Nick's father, Nick, has a huge outbreak, screaming at the top of the lungs, so he doesn't want to eat spaghetti. Her daughter has just been restored during six months of rehabilitation and the thing you want to do is keep her peace and she goes to spaghetti? A few minutes later, Nick brings Mabel to the staircase and forces him to do what he did when he was mentally unstable; to Make Your Strange Noise and Gestures | Didn't he send him there to do better and not do these things? After that, there were several other parts, but it would be superfluous to look at them in more detail. I think I had a serious problem with Cassavets' decision that his characters would act in this way. It just didn't make sense. <br /> <br /> Although I had problems with ending the movie, it was one aspect that really redeemed it; acting. Gena Rowlands played an amazing crazy woman. There were times when I forgot that he acted, where I got into my wild gesticulations and mad talking that I was really scaring him. He was amazingly convincing and intense. But I was also impressed by the rest of the Mabel family. Peter Falk played a very strange character and I almost thought he was crazy because he acted uncomfortably with his children, his work and especially his wife. I usually do not understand the actors of children. But the young people who played the children of Nick and Mabel in this film were phenomenal. It really seemed like they were Mabel's children because they seemed to stick to her and were so keen to help her with her problem. I think their performances are one of those things that kept this movie together, and without it, it would have made the film less realistic and less intense. The story was confusing and unclear, and the characters acted in a way that made me wonder who wasn't crazy in the movie. The only sustainable arm was the brilliant leading role of the Longhetti family. Their realistic dialogue and powerful action kept the movie together and is probably the only reason the film has ever been.
