Should be headed "Balderdash!" There is little truth in the movie except the name of the island and the submarines. More than practicing film quality with bad camera work, mud-based film footage, and possibly the "Japan" stereotype with a Japanese infant smile, laughing Japanese fighter pilots and one-dimensional square Americans die left and right. Sixty years later, he is accidentally funny as a strange artifact and the opportunity to see what is possible when war fever is on you. During the plot and dialogue, I am reminded of childrens playing in the afternoon in my childhood, looking at the neighbor's hedge to get a fatal advantage for my best friend Steve and my brother. In fact, the attack on the island of Mack was almost a complete failure when Carlson and his men looked around in the dark, exchanging fire with shadows until the end, thirsty and completely disoriented, looking for someone to give up before they happened to some equally confused Japanese soldiers who immediately gave up on them ! When withdrawing, several Carlson marines ended up on another island and abandoned! Of course, the movie couldn't tell the story, not in 1943, so that little twilight was made and rushed to get rid of the drums. Randolph Scott and his jaw, as Colonel Thorwald (Carlson) led a unit consisting almost entirely of cartoons, green recruitment (Harry Landon, Robert Mitchum), grizzled veteran (J. Carroll Naish, Milburn Stone, Sam Levene), state-bumpkin ( Rod Cameron), American boy (Alan Curtis) and scores (if they didn't laugh) "Japs". Yet, most of the material goes beyond. Almost. Randolph Scott's narrow range fits well with his serious commander role and is supported by a strong team of professionals who do their best with the thin. Finally, the exercise wins a one-time item. Any pretense is complete when Randy Scott just looks straight into the camera and offers a confusing (well-sorrowful) weapon call. The cast was better than this material. So was the audience. This should be viewed with Reefer Madness and a bottle of moderate Merlot.
