The DVD has become the equivalent of an old late night double counting account, the last chance to catch old movies that are completely forgotten, like The Border. In 1982, were there great expectations? Script written by The Wild Bunch Walon Green, Jack Nicholson, on the days when he could still act without semaphore and great support (Harvey Keitel, Warren Oates, Valerie Perrine), Tony Richardson (although he was pretty much the time spent ? But it doesn't even come up on TV. The material definitely offers a rich opportunity to comment on the 80s American dreams of capitalism and conspicuous consumption, with the Nicholson Border Guard turning an odd drug store or human trafficking to finance his wife's relentless materialism until he rediscovers his conscience, When he discovers his partners, he is also in the sales of the baby. Unfortunately he never gets dirty, barely even in front of his eyes before his birth on the surface. The film always feels moistened like too many rewrites and too many committees have left and Unfortunately, the last DVD edition is a forgotten opportunity to restore the original, nihil the end where Nicholson goes over the edge and the firearms border on the patrol station that was cut after the preview audience, found it was too low, but is still highlighted in movie trailers. <br /> <br /> Although this was probably not convincing, given that Nicholson's conscience is in crisis, it was supposed to be better than the climax of raw material rebounds, where the film gave up logic and even the basic rules of continuity: at one point, it keeps signs at the gunpoint, then he is somewhere else and they are free to try to kill him, one sign gets injured in his house to run like a gazelle on the shore of the Rio Grande, while the character of Valerie Perrine is exponentially exponential. The girls' crooks are removed with absurd lightness (and one impressive car stunt) to deliver a happy ending in time and you begin to wonder if you found yourself in any way looking at the other film completely. Even more complicated is that the rest of the film is so flat and uncomfortable that the sudden release of melodrama is even tougher. Unfortunately, Ry Cooder's beautiful title speaks alongside the whole border, much more economically. But if you want to know the real crime of the movie, it is wasting a great deal on Warren Oates. If even he can't impress, you know something really wrong. All in all, it's too easy to remember why I found it so forgotten.
