This film deals with the kidnapping of children from the point of view of her mother (Lisa Hartman Black), who acts like a man in an active thriller. Unlike other films that focus on the police, her mother monitors her former husband who kidnapped her son. He gets help from his lawyer who finally falls in love with him. <br /> <br /> Before he finally gets to his son, a lot of strange things happen. The mother tries to take a local children's play to a child who looks at her son in a community theater. He gets stuck and realizes that it's not his child. Most people would have put themselves in a spiritual church or a few months in prison, waiting for the trial. But in this film, the mother releases in a few hours, because the victim's parents know her. Shortly afterwards, the mother breaks into her mother's house and then arrives at the police and has their own weapons directed towards her, but they let her run because they know her (and know her?). <br /> <br /> At the second point, the story they found for the child, but when the police arrive to look for the house, it turns out that they left the back door and came to the river, which was probably the father of such an emergency! The mother can lend her a raft, and although it has taken a little time (in the real world), she and the lawyer-boyfriend and the police are getting into the second raft quite quickly and this is a reverse water landing. Instead of getting out of the raft to look for a father on earth, her mother assumes she's drowning in the boy and jumps into the water when she sees her life jacket. Of course he can't swim or sink like a stone. The lawyer rescues him, but they have no way to go after his father. At one point, the mother has been told that her son died in a Mexican clinic. Go on and on and where it stops, no one knows! Sometimes this film really uses child abduction and it is not very positive. On the other hand, seeing a woman was fun (or funny?), When you see that women do all the movies that men do in such films.
