To review this film, I would undoubtedly quote this memorable scene from Tarantino's "Pulp Fiction" (1994) when Jules and Vincent talk about Mia Wallace and what she lives. Jules tells Vincent that "the only thing he was worth was a pilot". Vincent asks, "What the hell is the pilot?" and Jules very well describes what a TV pilot is: "Well, how do they show that they show that they are showing a" pilot. "And because of one of their strengths, they show if they are going to do more exhibitions. Now that Jules is talking, BILLIONSID are TV shows / pilots that have never been inspired, because they were just ... well, good. Probably the most remarkable pilot to remember is "W * A * L * T * E * R ", spin-off" M * A * S * H ​​"with Gary" Radar "Burghoff. Hmmm, would anyone want to watch Radar for half an hour trying to solve the crimes? So the exhibition was never lifted What many people do not know (or what they thought they know) is that pilots have never been shown in the air because they are directly intended for television networks, some have made them past and got into the air (remembered an animated series) American Dad pilot, ses t the series of exhibitions did not start itself until almost four months later. everybody should be glad that the pilots do not do this air, and that's why. <br /> <br /> "Black Bart", a supposed link to the Mel Brooks comedy classic "Blazing Saddles" and "delicate sitcom" with a little heart and no breath. "Saddles" was a controversial comedy, but with the racist humor and vulgar comedy that comes to mind: "What did the idiot decide to make a great TV show PRIME TIME TV?" in the confusion of the television show Mel Brooks was not even involved in serial production and it was the first mistake in the long line (a related story, I found recently a failed TV pilot series based on the movie "Clerks." vin Smith did not participate .... you see what happens ?! ?). <br /> <br /> Set the story around the black sheriff in the west, called "Black" Bart, this time played by the future Academy Award winner Louis Gossett Jr., probably before his " Real "action, while he plays" G-rated "by Richardit Pryor. Most of the other signs are the carbon of the symbols of the movie "Jim" (if not, really bad). Waco's boy has been replaced by a similar appearance called Reb Jordan, a former Confederate soldier who is quick with a gun. Lilian Von Schtupp is now Belle Buzzer, characterized by being an exhibition dancer and a German with Marlene Dietrich-type accent and personality. Although this is pretty much the end of similarities, the "bad guy" is the story of Fern Malaga played by Noble Willingham, whom I assumed would have been Hedley Lamar, if Warner Bros had guaranteed the rights to "Blazing Saddles" and his son Curley. I know Taggart I think? The story is a bad excuse for sitcom, much less pilot. Bart deals with the mayor's drunk son and is out of control, which has caused the spin of the city. Truly, this is a story that tries to introduce all the "series" symbols and does not focus on the variety and context that would make it an "alright" show. I can't really call it sitcom (and even when I wanted to) and it is mainly that it's made from the backlot of Warner Bros Studios and later added a laugh, so the show was created just like "M * A * S * H "(with a blissful and boring" laugh "that is identical to the series). Action is so, but there is one part that always laughs at me, and when the actor playing Reb Jordan almost seems to forget his lines and tries to memorize them all, trying to let the dialogue out. HA! The script is quite boring and trying to make racism more humorous than it was on the film (Surprisingly, they use the word "N *** er", a 22-minute episode, which is quite complicated during this time period. And even today) and it becomes repetitive. <br /> <br /> If you never see your hands with this sssss ... very interesting novelty, just look at it to see the pilots (This is in the collector's "Blazing Saddles", God knows why). There you can get your first hand for the reason that many movie shields never breathe.
