It was difficult to sit through the terrible heretic adaptation of Sherlock Holmes. Apparently Matt Frewer was cast because he's tall and skinny. His skull-like face is made at the dawn of the resurrection of a good zombie, but Sherlock Holmes looks like a scarecrow. Not only does Frewer have hard-to-wear walking, which is hard to look at, but he is uncomfortable with the stereotypical Holmes coats he carries. Not only that, but when the coat is gray, they probably don't see a suitable cap. So his cap is black and it looks shiny as if it was made of polyester. Regardless of what the cap was, it seemed very new and artificial. Jeremy Brett occasionally wore these traditional clothes, but Brett wasn't supposed to look like Sherlock Holmes. Frewer, by contrast, is painful to look at. Even with all the "Holmes" clothes, he doesn't wear himself like Sherlock Holmes. <br /> <br /> Frewer's peaceful face smiles all the time as he flows and is in a very bad "crust", a British accent hurts to see and listen. It is said that Frewer is overwhelming. After he finishes every sentence with a few nose rolls, he casts it as if it were a British attribute. When I started to look at it, I thought it might be a comedy, a wish, Jack Russell's terrier. I thought Frewer was cast as a foil. But unfortunately, there is no dog in this movie except Frewer. Wishbone would have made this movie much better. <br /> <br /> Not only does Frewer's Sherlock Holmes version never stop talking (in this terribly artificial British Nose), but he is much more friendly and kind. Frewer has always smiled with the witnesses with whom he talks, and he is so polite and polite that he could be a teacher instead of a horror. Maybe, because it's Hallmark Channel's production, they're trying to make Sherlock Holmes's version of children (also better) that was firmer and softer. Regardless of what Frewer's Sherlock Holmes interpretation is, it is thinner than a pancake and easily the worst version of Sherlock Holmes I've ever seen (including Charlton Heston's previous worst). <br /> <br /> Generally, this movie's tone is terrible. It reminded me of the typical episode or murder of Barnaby Jones, which he wrote or was diagnosed with murder. All suspects acted excessively and blindly before the victims. Holmes and Watson explain every hint throughout the film. Even in the case of murder, he wrote less exposure. <br /> <br /> This Sherlock Holmes does not even compare Jim Rockford with Rockford files, and it is miles down to Columbo. Dreadful dialogue is probably the writer's fault. It is obvious that the one who wrote this script is a very small Sherlock Holmes, especially the BBC version with Jeremy Brett. This movie is the episode of the whole atmosphere at Little House Prairie. The fact that the actors seem ridiculous when they highlight their lines in their fake enhancements does not help. <br /> <br /> The only small bright spot is Ken Walsh, who plays with some of Watson's dignity. Walsh does not do this compared to Frewer, and when he has often interviewed witnesses, his behavior and conversation style are more natural and reliable. Unfortunately, the rest of the cast amateur and visual hints they give when they see and see each other (to show that they are suspicious) have not seen anything in a modern movie.
