One of the most peculiar plots of romance used is this: a seriously distracted man falls in love with a sick woman who turns his life before death. Sometimes this story is well and realistically done (such as "Flight Theory", a great weepie), but more often than not, this is where "Old Film Disease" dies normally. You know, a terminal illness with no symptoms, but one faint spell and the need to lie down when you say goodbye to your lover forever; and your appearance is not affected by one bit (and since it's 70's, it's not your sex life). This is one of the worst versions of this story, where a very silly script puts together two incompatible and incredible characters and is played by actors who are completely at sea. <br /> <br /> It would be the worst result of Al Pacino's career, and I'll say that after I saw "Fuck Lawyer" just two days ago! He plays a control-freak, emotionally constipated racing car driver and plays an inanimate unlikeable character. He seems to be constantly asking himself why he is staying around Martte Keller (both the audience) and spending most of the movie just ... standing there, usually hanging out. The only time he shows every sign of life is to the end where his character shows that he has become surprisingly free by making a funny Mae West imitation. Hey, it was * seventies! <br /> <br /> Marthe Keller is just as terrible as the interest in deadly love; his character was courageous and free, and touching and unimpeded and full of life even dying, and was probably meant to be played by an actress told by Vanessa Redgrave or Julie Christie. Instead, they got Keller's unspeakable face and heavy German accent that comes more than a frightening teutonic stereotype ("You VILL Eat Ze Omelet!") If you love something. He should be reforming Pacino and his courage and spirit, and all that it does, but it does not work in the most inconvenient way to his mistakes. This makes one of the least convincing romances in the history of the film, where you can't believe he would be someone he thinks so worthless, and you can't believe he's someone who goes so much on his nerves. > <br /> Some bad-movie fans call it a cult class, mostly because of Pacino's silly "liberating" Mae West imitation. The scene is a scream, especially in the context, but it's not worth the rest of the movie. No, watch the movie only if you are a serious bad film enthusiast who is particularly interested in learning the little chemistry of students between leading actors or very poor casting (not just managers, but Pacino's second girlfriend plays an actor who looks and sounds just like Keller with shorter hair, I got completely confused, it's not one of those ridiculous bad movies like "The Conqueror," it's just a bad movie. <br /> <br />
