I can't remember for my life why - I have to have a free ticket or something - but I saw this movie during the theater when it was released. I don't remember who I went to, what theater I was or what city. All I remember was when I was offended by this travesty that someone encouraged me to call the movie and how half the people in the theater were before the end of the movie. Unfortunately I missed that end, which I still consider to be one of the worst mistakes in my life. My offense became a pure horror when, just before the closing credit, the smarmy demon-child sticks behind his mark and says, "Get in touch with the problematic child 2, come soon!" <br /> <br /> I think that when I remember correctly, John Ritter and perhaps his wife (the Lord how I have tried to successfully block it) participated in the film in my mind) by adopting a "problem child". Maybe they think they can change her or something. I really do not know. If it was their intention, they would not be unhappy, because from the first frame to the last child this child will ever be the most terrible, the most severe and the most frightening demon to hit the screen. Forget about Damian, forget about Rosemary's baby. This baby takes a cake. The only difference is that we should hurt him because he is a "problem child". However, this is impossible because this child is probably the most sympathetic character ever depicted. You want to kill him all over the movie and if (SPOILER, like everyone cares) John Ritter decides to keep the hostile hell-boy yelling: "Send him back!" shocked disgusting (like many people in the theater where I saw it). <br /> <br /> This is just another movie I've given to IMDb "1". The second was Superman IV and God couldn't tell you what was worse. John Ritter had a quotation in the TV guide when a problem child 3 he was not, came out. He said something like: "The only way I could make another [Problematic Child] sequel is when they dragged my body back to do it." I like it! <br /> <br /> I look at the police academy's 24-hour marathon queue rather than seeing a 20-minute problem child. 1/10 only because I can't give it a negative result, which is what it really deserves. Someone burns the original negative of this movie!
