When I was little, my parents took me to the theater with me to watch the interiors. It was one of many films that I watched with my parents, but it was the only film that we came out of. Since then, I have never seen Interiors until recently, and I could live the rest of my life without him. What a pretentious, heavy and painfully boring slice of wine of the 70s with cheese. Woody Allen is one of my favorite directors, but Interiors is the worst part of his career. In the unmistakable style of Ingmar Berman, Allen gives us a dark, angular, muffled understanding of family life caused by psychological damage caused by divorce, alienation, career, love, dislike, halitosis, anything. The film intentionally has no comic relief, no music, it is flooded with gloomy pathos. This style of film is best defined as expressionist in nature, using the improvisational method of dialogue to capture "a more pronounced depth of meaning and truth." But Woody Allen is not Ingmar Bergman. The film is painfully slow and boring. But besides this, I just had no relation or sympathy to any of the characters. Instead, I felt only contempt for this parade of shuffling, whining, stained with nicotine, martyrs in the constant search for identity. Against the background of cosmopolitan abundance and the brie Brie intelligentsia, history emerges as a fart in the room. Everyone speaks in affected platitudes and in an elevated tongue between cigarettes. Everyone is “lost” and “fighting”, desperately trying to find direction or understanding, or something else, and it just goes on to the point that you just want to hit them all. Speech is never about resolution, it is only about endless introspective chatter. This is nothing more than a psychological drama, brought to the extreme beyond the audience’s ability to connect. Woody Allen decided to make the characters so immersed in themselves that we feel left out. And for that reason, I found this film painfully smug and spiritually draining. I understand what he was striving for, but his perseverance in promoting his message through Prozac's prose and distorted cinematic methods throws him out of the actuality. I highly recommend this one if you are feeling a little happy and you need something to remind you of death. Otherwise, let's just pretend that this movie never happened.
