Airport '77 begins with the fact that the new luxury aircraft 747 is loaded with valuable paintings belonging to the wealthy businessman Philip Stevens (James Stewart), who manages them, and a bunch of VIPs in his estate, preparing to open it to the public. as a museum, there is also Stevens’s daughter Julie (Kathleen Quinlan) and her son on board. A luxury plane takes off as planned, but in the air the plane is under attack by co-pilot Chambers (Robert Foxworth) and his two accomplices, Banker (Monte Markham) and Wilson (Michael Pataki), who shoot down passengers and a team with a sleeping gas, they plan to steal valuable cargo and land on an unused strip of an aircraft on an isolated island, but, forcing it to descend, the Chambers almost hit the oil rig in the ocean and lose control of the aircraft, sending it to the sea where it sinks to the bottom right discontinuity in the middle of the Bermuda Triangle. Due to lack of air, water leakage and flight over 200 miles from the course, the problems of the survivors increase as they wait for help with a fast time out ... <br /> <br /> Also known by the slightly different tile “Airport 1977” - this is the second sequel to the popular action movie “Airport” (1970), directed by Jerry Jameson, and at the same time, like its predecessors, I cannot say that “Airport '77” is some kind of forgotten classic, which interesting, though not necessarily for the right reasons. Of the three films of the “Airport” that I have seen so far, I really liked this film the most. I have my favorite plot of three: a good highjack in the air and then a fall (he didn’t see the oil rig?) And the fall of 747 (perhaps the producers tried to cross the original Airport with another popular movie, The Adventure of Poseidon ”(1972 d), in which it is located to the very end, with a sharp dilemma facing those trapped inside, either choking when the air dries out, or sinks as a result of a flood of 747 or if any of the doors are open, and this is a worthy idea that could would make for a big little distress click, n bad unsympathetic character, boring dialogue, sluggish scenery and the real absence of danger, uncertainty or tension means that this is a missed opportunity. While a rather sluggish conspiracy keeps entertainment for more than 108 minutes, not so much happens after the plane dropped, and the urgency is not as much as I thought it should have been. Even when the navy is drawn into the process, things are not going as fast as a few shots of huge ships and helicopters flying around, but here just missing something. George Kennedy as an employee of Jinxed airline Joe Patroni returned, but received only a few scenes and hardly said anything, preferring to just look agitated in the background. <br /> <br /> Home video and theatrical version of Airport '77 Run 108 minutes, while the American television versions add an extra hour of footage, including a new sequence of opening credits, much more scenes with George Kennedy as Patroni, retrospective footage to figure out the character of the character, longer scenes of salvation and the opening or a couple more corpses, including the navigator. Although I would like to see these additional shots, I am not sure that I can sit in the three-hour break at the airport for 77 years. As expected, the film is outdated with a terrible fashion and choice of interior design, I will say no more than the effects of the model of the toy plane are also not great. Along with the other two sequels of the Airport, this takes pride of place in the Hall of Disgrace of Razzy Prize, although I can think of many worse films than this one, so I think this is a bit harsh. Unfortunately, the action is a bit boring, the pace is slow, and there is not much excitement or tension, and this is a shame, as I believe that this film could be quite good if done correctly. <br /> <br /> Production values ​​are fine, if nothing spectacular. The acting is not great, Oscar-winner Jack Lemmon said twice, because it was a mistake to do this, once Oscar-winner James Stewart looks old and fragile, and once Oscar-winner Lee Grant looks drunk, while Sir Christopher Lee doesn't have much to do, and there are many other familiar faces that you should also pay attention to. <br /> <br /> Airport '77 is still the most disaster-oriented of the three films about the airport, and I liked the ideas behind it, even if they were a bit stupid, although production and a polite direction do not help, but a film about a sunken plane just should not be so boring or lethargic. Following The Concorde ... Airport '79 (1979).
