The summer season comes here when the choice in cinemas is limited to the hottest film of the week, given 99.9% of the screens devoted to its viewing. OK, so I can exaggerate the percentage, but you understand me. In addition to things from Hollywood, Bollywood also has its share of long-awaited blockbusters, and from some of the featured trailers, I am also going to watch them. Tashan was declared one of the most anticipated in 2008, but I was very surprised that the turnout at cinemas was lower than the low. When I watched “Dzhodha Akbar”, it was a full room, but not for Tashan. <br /> <br /> After watching, I understood why. It was interesting, but it was fundamentally weak. As well as the literal English name, which means “style”, Tashan is a style, but a little substance. Not that he did not have the usual stellar power, but the scenes seemed forced, and some bordered on absurdity, even by Bollywood standards, I must say. Which is quite surprising, considering that Tashan is the director who wrote Vijay Krishna Acharya, who wrote Dhoom and Dhoom 2, both of which I enjoyed immensely. <br /> <br /> During his directorial walk with Tashan, although you cannot be mistaken in his direction, you will probably scratch your head over the plot, which at best was awkward. He tried to squeeze too many things into the story, although you should pay tribute to the fact that he allowed you to question the motivation of the characters, but it was too late, and only to the final, which made you guess the moment before that locked into a full-scale action many Thai militants with Hong Kong's wire net and ridiculous Hollywood firearms and zero-shot skirmish. And in an attempt to turn on everything, including the kitchen sink, you have a range of cars, and the one who took the cake, in honor of Dhoom 2, was a jet boat in the middle of nowhere. <br /> <br /> At best, Tashan can be perceived as an unintended comedy, and this is explained by the way the actors beat their characters. Saif Ali Khan plays Jimmy Cliff, the head of the call center who gives English lessons, only as a platform for catching new materials for girlfriends. His playboy manners are discounted when he meets with Puja Singh (Karina Kapoor), who is not quite what she seems to be a gentle and good-natured beauty. She uses the services of Jimmy for her boss, the mafia Bhyajji (Anil Kapoor), who probably gets the most laughter when he speaks broken English, and should like the phrases I-beg does. And to complete the quartet, Akshay Kumar plays Bachchan Pandey, an illiterate hired gangster who was hired by Bhaiji to hunt down Jimmy and Pooja when they run away with money stolen from Bahiyadji business. <br /> <br /> This is how the journey begins, a kind of journey, with friends who have become enemies, and enemies you know will become friends as the journey continues. Jimmy Cliff is probably the most implausible of all, because he goes from zero to hero, performing actions that would disgrace Rambo, in absolutely instantaneous time, which is completely out of character. Karina Kapoor reinforces the sex factor because she uses her spell to deceive both men, and she has many opportunities to do so, given the widely publicized bikini scenes and other costumes that boast neckline or hem above the knee. Each character has a background, and I thought that “Bachchan-pandey” Akshaya Kumar was probably the best, most touching and funniest of the whole series, although his character looked much like a green Incredible Hulk with his jumps challenging gravity. and powerful packaging shocks. His wounds also heal automatically, which is impressively embarrassing for Wolverine. And the best part is his themed song, which is a damn alpha male and played in ra-ra mode every time he fights against opponents. <br /> <br /> But, unfortunately, this is the only melody that is remembered, something that welcomes "Bachchan-Pandey-Bachchan-Pandey". For most Bollywood films that I watch, I can usually, despite the obvious language gaps, get out of the shows, singing one or two tunes. After Tashan, I could not do it, because, unfortunately, the songs were not catchy at all. Usually the song / dance routine fits well into the storyline without the need to remove characters from the current scene or location. I like it, unlike in order to pull them out and immerse them in extreme conditions on the top of the mountain or on the rocky cliffs on the shore. <br /> <br /> Tashan probably didn’t take himself too seriously, but from Vijay. In the story of Krishna Acharya, you probably wanted something more decent than funny, and that the continuity was a little more cautious. Billed as a blockbuster, I can now begin to understand why crowds have already avoided it. Despite the fact that Akshay Kumr steals the show, Tashan could be better overall.
