Masters of horror: the Screwfly solution begins with the fact that America is infected with an airborne virus that affects the male population, when excited men kill any woman in sight, indiscriminately, apparently in the name of God. Scientist Alan (Jasn Priestley) is introduced by the government and knows more than most, and feels that the situation may have already gone too far, so he tells his wife Anna (Kerry Norton) to take their teenage daughter Amy (Brennu O'Brien) and try to survive, as the future of humanity may depend on them ... <br /> <br /> This joint Canadian-American production was the 7th episode of the second season of the TV series “Masters of Horror”, directed by Joe Dante I I thought that Screwfly's solution was pretty bad. I personally think that Sam Hamm’s script sucks, he takes himself too seriously, and I don’t quite understand why he is part of the Masters of Horror series, the horror filmmakers are looking for in Screwfly Solution is in real history. on his own, themes and ideas that he raises, and not on the screen, visual horror, in particular, a weak environmental message, which he sees as intent on ramming our throats whenever he has the opportunity for a short 60-minute run, which as it seemed to me in itself was the problem simply ends up being something that can easily be interpreted as a necessity, rather than any meaningful attempt to wrap things up. I was also not happy with the inconsistencies of this story, if men are killed only with sexual arousal, why did the flight attendant accidentally break this woman's neck on the plane? Was he sexually aroused, I think not. Why does every guy think that he is killing in the name of God? I just do not see that every person on earth suddenly knew the Bible and began to believe in God, I just found this concept ridiculous, and the show also clearly states that there is nothing religious in what is happening, so what to do if everything think they are divine to kill any woman they see? Then there is the fact that people give birth to different things, but what about gays, for example? Will they kill guys instead of women? I know that there is a short scene that jokes over the gay problem, but it is conveniently put aside, and then there is the thing that annoyed me the most. The fact that, apparently, every person on earth became a psycho and killed all the women they do in their daily activities, as if nothing had happened, it just seemed so stupid, conspiracy nonsense, and for rounding there is an end that looks as if it was taken from a discarded episode of The X-Files (1993–2002) with a bright neon alien. <br /> <br /> Director Dante is definitely not considered the Master of Terror at this show, until I’m concerned that the plot unfolds badly, he’s so stupid, given that he was played out deadly, and instead of trying to make a terrible horror show, he turns into a thriller with his deadly virus in a free situation and with a subsequent mother and daughter to run because of this, there is very little that I would call an effective horror and even less blood. There is a scene when a woman is hit with a broken bottle, a short scene after the guy hits his groin with the bottle, and another woman is hit in the stomach, but there is nothing more to write home. <br /> <br /> Technically, as in other episodes, it is really good and does not look like a cheap TV series, the special effects are great, as usual, and they are well done. The action is fine, but no one really stands out. <br /> <br /> The Screwfly Solution is easily the worst episode of “Masters of Horror” I have ever seen, but keep in mind that I have not seen them all ... yet. As a separate entertainment, he did nothing for me, and as a show created by the so-called Master of Terror, it disappoints me even more.
