The sight of Karina Kapoor in a two-piece bikini is the only thing that wakes you up in a dream when you watch Tashan ?? a mega frustrating, stunning new movie in movie theaters this weekend. Bad movies are bad movies, and we see them every week, but Tashan is not just a bad movie, it's a terrible movie. It's terrible, because it takes the audience for granted, terribly because the filmmakers hope to leave without a plot or any common sense just because they have big movie stars on board. Screenwriter and director Vijay Krishna Acharya, Tashan - this is what you would like to describe as a road film, but one that goes in all the wrong directions. The stars of Saif Ali Khan - Jimmy Cliff, the head of the call center who is hired to teach English for Bhyajji - is Anil Kapoor, who plays the ambitious gangster UP, desperately wanting to cool down. Jimmy looks after Pooja, a pretty young gangster mate (played by Karina Kapoor) who uses Jimmy to trick her boss at 25 crores. Determined to repay his money and punish Jimmy and Pooja, Bhaiji hires his most trusted assistant to do the job. Thus, you have Akshay Kumar in the role of Bachchan Pandey, the loyal assistant of a gangster from Kanpur, who tracks down criminals and recovers stolen money hidden across the entire length and width of the country. Just like these bad eighty-year-old cauldrons, Tashana also holds together a worn script centered on a vendetta plot. But the treatment is so excessive, so condescending that it cannot establish any connection. Instead of a sequential script or a traditional three-stage structure, you get several sets around which most scenes are built. This bright song in the desert, a fascinating scene in Fort Rajasthani, a Karinina bikini moment, even this ridiculous climate scene with shaolin monks, a water scooter running through a dirty naalu, and believe it or not, even a Dhanno horse Tonga. To be fair, not all of these sets are made poorly - a song with objects in the desert is actually quite neat - but very little of it makes sense in the wider picture, because you just go from one to another without any help from the script really. Few things you would expect in a seemingly fast-paced road film to find disgustingly sentimental flashback about your favorite childhood. You see a problem with Tashan, because no one is connected with this film and does not know which film they are shooting. Moreover, I don’t think they were worried about it either - the film smells of arrogance. Arranging the elements of each genre randomly, without even bothering to stop and see if the mix works, Tashan looks like an overcooked stew. There are films that quietly kill you, and then there is Tashan, a film that kills you in abundance. Each frame of the film, packaged brilliantly with camera work with a glossy finish, exotic locations and fancy costumes, is probably worth collecting hundreds of thousands of dollars, but in the end, it still looks like an empty piece, because the story has no place. Borrowing the story from Tarantino and the style from Stephen Chow also does not help, because they do not mix with the thin plot of the film. You could complain a little less if the characters were more attractive, but because of the wild dialogue in the Anil Kapoor language you want to cut your wrists, and Saif Ali Khan recklessly delves into the film, unable to find the legs. Meanwhile, Karina Kapoor, the queen of unsurpassed supplies, does a decent job. But, of course, if Tashan is saved to some extent, this is due to Akshay Kumar’s irresistible presence and his spontaneous approach to the character. You shrink when he grabs his crotch several times, and frown when he utters these double dialogues, but not for a moment you can take your eyes off the screen when he's there. Despite the good music of Vishal-Shekhara, the songs It seems they only prolong your suffering. Well, this is because Tashan is a test of your patience. If you didn't know, Tashan means style. Sorry, this movie does not have.
