Superman II - Richard Donner Coot should be a fan’s dream. In the end, the frames that can only be seen in photographs and in scenes that were present only on the printed page, finally came to life. The director, who was unable to realize his vision, will have the opportunity to restore his vision. It looks like a winning situation. And then you start to watch this assembly of the footage and you realize that this “esoteric dream” is a real nightmare of sloppiness and incompetence. Although it is quite possible that no film can compare with the finished ideal version that each of us has represented over the years, indeed it would be a thrill to finally see this project. And this is only a few times. <br /> <br /> You know that everything is shaky when the very first piece of text on the screen looks like computer-made home-made graphics. But then we begin to see new shots (alternatives from Superman - Movie for the test), and this first wobble disappears. Hey, that's pretty neat! At these few fleeting moments, everything is in order, until we see shots from the STM, mixed with new effects for this project, and this is far from convincing. And from that moment on, he never gives up. It’s probably wrong to judge a movie because of bad visual effects, but when it’s supposedly a direct sequel of a film whose label was “You Believe You Can Fly”, it’s hard to believe everything shown on the screen. The best effects in this are from original productions. <br /> <br /> Another problem with this repetition. A lot of this just doesn't make sense. The only reason this really works is because we all saw the theatrical version of Superman II, a film that really makes sense. Superman II of Lester fills the holes of this assembly. This may be partly due to the fact that Donner did not have time to complete the shooting, and the other was due to the fact that the creators of this project intended to use as little as possible of Leicester's material. As a result, we get the assembly of videos, because of which Superman IV looks impenetrable and consistent. <br /> <br /> After seeing this, it is felt that while Leicester was faithful and comfortable in using Donner's material, Michael Tau and his Team were utterly disrespectful to anything shot by Leicester. The best scenes in The Donner Cut are those that were relatively unscathed from the released version of Superman II. This includes the moon sequence and the diner sequence, ironically, both were shot by Donner. But something else from this film, shot by Lester, has been reissued in such a hasty form that now Leicester looks like a fist, knowing nothing. While Leicester honored Donner's material, Leicester is here thrown under the bus. <br /> <br /> So what's so good about this release? Well, Marlon Brando is at it, and it's good to see. In fact, it’s very convenient to watch any material shot by Donner, since it was filmed at the same time as Superman - Film. But it only highlights the problems of this release. Any of the main scenes (in fact, it's just Lois jumping and scenes with Marlon Brando) would be better used as completed scenes in the deleted scenes section. Instead, they are born in a meaningless narrative with worse performances (many alternatives are used from familiar scenes), careless edits and bad decisions. <br /> <br /> Watch the opening scene on the Daily Planet. Why do we look at Jackie Cooper's back when he calls for Lois and Clark? After all, why did Lois enter her dark apartment only to be followed by Jackie Cooper, who entered the dark bathroom and turned on the lights? I was initially embarrassed by this because I expected to see Lois. The entire assembly is filled with dubious choices like this. <br /> <br /> Battle scenes are also a mess, with no geography between the cuts. This is just a random action. Of course, the main battle scenes were filmed by Lester, and his material is only used as a bridge to the next set of Donners or alternatives. They should have used more Leicester records, but probably had too much pride to admit it. <br /> <br /> Slovenliness extends to military missiles. As already noted, the rocket shown in Donner Kut is designated as “XK 10”, and we all know that this is “XK 101”! Blind in STM knows this! The producers of this assembly, who tried so hard to honor the original film, threw the ball in less than five minutes, and this error indicates the quality of all the products. Despite all the supposed precautions that have been applied to this, the final product has a sense of obscenity, which is inevitable. <br /> <br /> The entire process is likely to be easier to digest if Warner's does not make this separate issue here in the states. In fact, we have to pay for what is essentially a bonus disc of deleted scenes with the “Play All” option. In fact, there is only one viewing, so that we can finally see the legendary cut scenes, but after this initial viewing, I expect it to be a great magnet for dust and everything else. I know, after my experience of viewing this, I gained a new respect for the version of Lester. This is by no means ideal, but Lester realized the flaws that were in the script, which stand out here in bold relief. He managed to make a film that was entertaining for many years and will continue to do so, while this new repetition is likely to be remembered only as a footnote in the history of these films.
