Okay, so I hear about this new Justin Timberlake movie, which has pretty big names. I mean such great actors as Freeman, he is Morgan Freeman, an asset of Hollywood, but completely lost in this film. Then we got Kevin Spacey, whom I loved a lot since I looked at “American Beauty” and “Ordinary Suspects”. Both of these great actors probably signed up for the film, thinking it would be a great movie, as I did when I heard the story. Then enter Justin Timberlake's fresh face. I speak with a new face, because this is his first film, and these rotten tomatoes have not yet struck him. Well, the reason for this, I might add, is that no one will ever see this movie or even bother to read this review. The film is so terrible that when I hit the first 15 minutes. The characters were so one-dimensional that some biblical characters looked like Don Corleone. They got one liner and decent sound material. Sign of a restless dark-skinned guy (LL COOL J), who is with a gorgeous woman, with whom he otherwise would not even be in real life. The captain is this short, aching guy who speaks in such a high tone. And what a crappy movie will be complete, if the hero does not become richer because of the experience. Oh, and a lot of weapons, I mean a lot. SPOILER (NOT !!!) A type of firearm that leaves everyone in the police who is damn dead and the hero wins. They have flamethrowers and rocket launchers, not really joking. <br /> <br /> Bottom line, if you want to see Edison, because you are a big fan of one of the actors or a big fan of Justin Timberlake, so that all 13-year-old girls are there, enjoy !! I wish I had more hands, because then I would have more thumbs, because this film is so terrible, because then I could give him so many thumbs, that thumbs will no longer mean anything, because this film is so terrible, because it sucks badly, it made me laugh because of the disappointment about the storyline, because it just didn’t end, because the shooting and scream just kept happening. <br /> <br /> CAN BE US TO EVERYTHING ON ME AND save us from these terrible movies. Well, it could be worse, another terrible actor RNB, who became a singer, turned into a terrible actor, marry, hehe, look IN THE MIX, or even get rich or die trying. ” The peculiarity of this film is that it contains 30-year-old men, playing 16 or even younger teens. I could continue with that.
