I realized that it was time to release this one. Pokemon fans today are suffering in America. What for? Because we rely on Kids WB and 4Kids Entertainment to provide us with our favorite TV shows and movies. As for the series, they are doing quite well to bring the fun and magic of the Japanese versions to the television. So what's their problem when it comes to movies? Honestly, now I watched all three Pokémon films in Japanese, and I will definitely see the fourth one. These are great movies. All are enjoyable and fun to watch. And when I saw Pokémon 2000 in cinemas, I can't help but wonder how these American producers read Japanese scripts. The way it looks, it seems that they read and see something like “Insert an empty moral here” in big bold letters. It definitely looks like this because they used the same great duplication techniques that they used on MSB (there was extreme sarcasm) and created this nonsense. <br /> <br /> * possible spoilers are here * <br /> <br /> Well, I think I should talk about the rescue adventure of Pikachu. My first fight with this came without a story. I suppose they got enough bad comments on the Pokedex storytelling, which plagued Pikachu’s vacation, and instead of going with a caring, tender female voice that appeared in Pikachu-no-Natsu Yasumi and Pikachu Tankentai, they simply cut the narration all together. That would not be a problem, except for one thing. Has anyone really understood why Exeggcute did not let Togepa go to the end? Perhaps fans, but I'm sure not parents. Then there is the theme song. I could not help but roll my eyes to this. Japanese themed song “Tankentai wo Tsukurou” was performed by Japanese children. It was fun and enjoyable. This is nauseous. Now one of my favorite parts of the short film was Kireihan dancing. Nice music, fun to watch. That changed with Belloss. Music sucks for one, but on top of that, during the music they had all the talk about Pokemon, which turned out to be nervous, annoying and just unnecessary. Oh, and then there is the Poly-Vortex, who thinks that he is a Poly-Vrat. You might think that the guys who constantly work with these characters, at least find out who they are. In principle, little could save this little unfortunate dub, which is very regrettable, given its potential. But I have not touched the worst of it. <br /> <br /> You might think that the warning signs were obvious to me when I got my problem with Nintendo Power. For some incomprehensible reason, I believed in 4Kids and WB. My thoughts were “well, they screwed up with the first film, but the second is different in terms of the topic, so they must succeed”. With this in mind, I simply did not pay attention to the warning signs that I encountered in cinemas when the trailers said: "You will believe that one person can change everything." Given how they said that at every step I hoped that it would not turn into a moral celebration, as MSB did at the end of the English version. Then comes Nintendo Power, in which I see all my fears realized in the words “the main feature of“ Power of one. ”At that moment, I felt a little uncomfortable.` Power of one?! 'Not a good sign. Nevertheless, I still kept part of my false faith Big mistake. <br /> <br /> Sitting in the theater, my stomachs literally hurt when I watched another movie that I really liked in Japanese and turned into complete trash. I hear comments that say that it was better because the moral was more subtle. I see the point in this since they do not sweat They repeated this thing, repeating it again and again, as in MSB. However, he did more damage than anything else in this film. First, the legend that was read everywhere was slightly modified to read “the world turns into the ashes. ”Ah, ha. So, Ash is chosen? Without a difference. In the Japanese version, the residents of Arsiya needed a Pokemon trainer to perform their traditional ceremony. This time he was chosen. The best way it caused damage was Lugia. Lugia was one of the coolest characters in the Pokemon movie ... when the movie was about Lugiyu. In this, Lugia is forced into the background of Ash. In the scene where they fly back to the main island, Lugia and Ash discuss the conditions of the existence of Lughia, and not that Ash will make all the difference. In general, in this category, Ash was not the “only person” who could make a difference, as many helped him along the way. <br /> <br /> Many other things are a bit of a niggle. , Furura's flute song was not as sweet and pleasant as the Japanese. Dzhirarudana speech that his collection "started with a card Mu? Т Ugh. Worse, Misty’s indignation initially concerned how Moltres and Zapdos were held. `Why didn't you put them in the pokeball when you caught them? It’s like a cage show. ” It is very different from whining about what he thinks that Pokemon are things that need to be collected, for example, stamps. If there were any real atoning values ​​in this, they came from Team Rocket. Some pretty funny lines. Not to make me laugh out loud, but to make me giggle and relieve a little pain in my stomach. Well, it was officially the last American Pokémon movie I'm going to watch. I imported the third one and found it very enjoyable. I would not want another Japanese film to be destroyed just like the first two. I will also import the fourth. Forget you, WB Kids and 4Kids. You left me last time.
