Well, at least my theater group, lol. So, of course, I remember watching Grease ever since I was a little girl, although he was never my favorite musical or story, he still holds a special place in my heart because looking at him is still very funny. I heard terrible things about Grease 2, and so I decided to never watch it, but my boyfriend said that actually it wasn't all that bad, and my friend agreed, so I decided to give him a chance, but I called them and just laughed at first, the plot was completely stolen from the first, and it was not very clever, not to mention the fact that they used the same characters, but with different names and actors. Tell me, how did the Pink Ladies and T-Birds go on for years after the departure of the former gangs? Not to mention the fact that the creator faced the enemy of the motorcycle, and so it’s, what a striking resemblance to the guys in the first film, and also to these T-Birds were just silly and ridiculous. <br /> <br /> Another year in Rydell and the music and dancing did not stop. But when a new student, Sandy's cousin, takes the stage, he was struck by the pink lady Stephanie. But she must stick to the code in which only the Pink Ladies should stick to the T-Birds, so the new student decides to train like the T-Bird to win her heart. Thus, he dresses like a motorcycle rebel bandit who can drive well and defeat evil bikers from a light kick with T-Bird. But will he tell Stephanie who he really is, or will she find out herself? Well, find out for yourself. <br /> <br /> Grease 2 is a stupid TV show that didn’t work. The gang didn’t click as well as the first Grease, not to mention that Frenchy’s return was a bit silly and incredible, because I thought she finished Rydell, but apparently she didn’t. The songs were not so memorable; I'm glad that Michelle was able to bounce back so quickly, but this is probably because she was the only one with talent in this little stupid sequel, I would not recommend this film, unless you are curious, but I warned You, this is just a pathetic attempt to get more money from the famous musical. <br /> <br /> 2/10
