Hollywood's improper obsession with sequels led to more misses than hits. For each “The Godfather II” there are dozens of “More American Graffiti”, “Lost” and “Lubricant 2”. While the original “Grease” is not a very good film, the adaptation of the long 1977 Broadway hit really contains songs reminiscent of the 1960s, energetic choreography and an attractive cast. When Paramount began work on the sequel, the producers came up almost empty in all aspects that made the original a blockbuster. <br /> <br /> Fortunately for moviegoers, Michelle Pfeiffer experienced this experience and, obviously, learned to read scripts before signing contracts. Her talent and beauty were already evident here, and Pfeiffer seems to be embarrassed by the degrading dance melodies and melodious songs that she has to perform. Maxwell Caulfield, however, lacks even the ability to express embarrassment, and his emotions cover the whole range from numb to catatonic. What romantic interest, besides hormones, can have a cool sassy Pfeiffer in a dead Caulfield? This boring secret will remain long after the ridiculous Luau finale disappears due to poor memory. Only cameo veterans such as Eva Arden, Connie Stevens and Sid Caesar have wit, although Lorna Luft does rise a little above the lame material. <br /> <br /> Reviewers complained about this because “Lubricant 2” is always lacking in comparison with the original film. However, even taken on his own terms, the film is a fraud. After the frantic opening number, which obviously exhausted the entire composition, the energy dissipates. With a few exceptions, the original songs are a little similar to the early 1960s, and the only nostalgia caused is Our Miss Brooks and Sid Caesar's Comedy Hour. The jokes were unsuccessful, and the choreography in the film, shot by choreographer Patricia Birch, is awkward to be polite. However, the worst films were inflicted on viewers, and inept sequels will be made while producers seek to get a quick buck from paraphrasing blockbusters. Unfortunately, “Lubricant 2” is not even accidentally funny. Instead, the film holds the viewer's attention like a train wreck. Once all the bodies seem to have been found, the next scene plunges into an even worse carnage.
