Flying Fury begins when General Tom Barnes (Angus MacInnes) organizes an unofficial test flight of the new stealth fighter X-77, which can literally turn into invisible. General Barnes gives his chief pilot, Colonel Ratcher (Steve Toussaint) a job, and everything goes well until X-77 disappears, even more literally than Barnes wanted when Ratcher took him to Northern Afghanistan and delivered to a terrorist group known as Black Sunday. led by Peter Stone (Vincenzo Nicoli), who plans to use the X-77 to fly into the US airs and drop a few bombs that will kill many people. General Barnes is concerned about the loss of his plane and sends one person, John Sands (co-writer and executive producer Stephen Seagal) to the army, to get him back and kill all the bad guys in the process ... <br /> <br /> This is American, British and Romanian co-production was directed by Michael Keush and was the third film in which he shot Seagal after the equally terrible Shadow Man (2006) and Attack Force (2007), fortunately, someone decided that the partnership was not working and unsuspecting the public fortunately avoided further honeycomb udnichestva between them. Obviously, “Flight of Fury” is almost a literal remake of Black Thunder (1988), in which the main role is played by Michael Dudikoff, in which many characters of the same character even have the same name, so that the same dialogue can be used even without creators. the need to change things like names, although I have to admit that I have never seen a Black Thunder and therefore cannot compare them. Flight of the Fury is a terrible film, a poorly made and written waste of time that Segal specializes in these days. Bored, though not so slow, the character is bad, it is full of clichés, random things happen, the plot is bad, there are no reasons for the events, and in general this is a very lazy play that never convinces the viewer. that they are somewhere near Afghanistan or that proper military procedures are followed. The acting scenes are not convincing, and there is no real excitement in them, the villains are boring like heroes, and this is right there with the worst that Seagal did. <br /> <br /> Flying Rage seems to be pretty much invented footage that doesn't even fit so well, the background can change, people's clothes change, the area changes, the sky and film quality changes very dramatically, since it’s too obvious that we watch videos from other (better) films are spliced. Hell, Seagal never even gets close to the plane in this one. The action scene consists of horribly edited skirmishes, it’s hard to say who is who, and, of course, Seagal is breaking down arms to people. All production seems very cheap and trashy. <br /> <br /> IMDb thinks that its budget was about $ 12,000,000, and I think that this is complete rubbish, I mean, if so, where did all the money go? Although recruiting in Afghanistan, which is a war-ravaged arid desert, “Flight of Fury” looks like it was shot in my local forests, in fact he was shot in Romania and the Romanian countryside does not make a convincing Afghanistan. The acting is terrible, as one would expect, and Segal again looks duplicated. <br /> <br /> “Flight of Fury” is a terrible fighter, boring, amateurish and in any case almost a remake of another movie. Another really lazy and ill-prepared action movie from Seagal, why am I even worried?
