After the terrifying Power of Attack, Seagal could only step forward with Flight Of Fury. It would take a bit of effort to stink the Attack Power. Flying Fury is a noticeable improvement overall, but still in the grand scheme of thinking, mediocre. Mediocrity seems to be Seagal’s achievement these days, with a sad understanding of the decline of his film career. While Attack Force was a jumble of storylines, radically changed from concept, to filming and post-production, Flight Of Fury makes the plotline simpler. Someone steals a high-tech stealth fighter, planning to use it for firing chemical weapons (which we will later, strangely find, destroy the whole world in 48 hours). Seagal must return the plane. It is so simple, no annoying subplots and conspiracies that aggravate the film, like too many of his recent works. This does not mean that storytelling is good, but rather poor. For example, familiarity with the side characters done poorly. <br /> <br /> In terms of film, FOF is bad. This is bad for everyone involved, and Seagal looks bored almost to tears. He had just looked like a kid who was forced to perform school dens against his will, and therefore he appears with a constant grimace and a kind of semi-valuable. Can we blame Seagal, although the material is not so ambitious and rude? Not really. This is the last film about his deal with several paintings in the studio Castel. Producers can’t be bothered to do something good, promising a budget of $ 12 million and (after Seagal’s compulsory 5 million) are likely to invest a lot of money in it (if the film was made for the remaining 7 million). then I'm Elvis Pressley!) So in this respect, why Seagal should make an effort for a film that has already been sorted before it was made. Although Fan can argue, at least he owes them. He seriously looks exhausted, and the continued use of alternates and doubles is another indication of this. Michael Keush directs with some efficiency, while cinematography is pretty good, but in all technical areas (and, as usual, with Castel, the standard stunt team), there is nothing but mediocrity and nothing to help the film rise above its material and a bored leading man. Again, there are several action scenes involving other characters besides Seagal, which, in truth, we don’t want to see. <br /> <br /> In general, the action is not so bad. It is beautiful and cruel, and sometimes we are treated to several disgusting beatings of Seagal, but in general nothing special. Partly because of a bad trick team and a lack of time to shoot something too complicated or exciting. For me, Shadow Man was a more enjoyable film, because, ignoring the rambling, erratic storyline, there were more Segal's vintage moments and more of it in the spotlight. He never disappeared for long periods during the film. Seagal disappears bizarrely during a single action scene here, and reappears after, with a little explanation. Too many videos used. Using a stock shot is not a terrible thing, but using it as a support. We are treated to countless executions of warships, which are annoying all the time. Plus, the continuity of the footage throughout (just check the backgrounds, cutting and changing). <br /> <br /> The film is just the middle of the road. All this suggests that the best scene of the film is a completely unnecessary and impartial girl on the stage with two hot tiptoes. Seagal even liven up for a short time! In general, this may be one of the best actors on the basis of video materials, but this does not mean much at all. This will please many fans, but they should keep in mind that Seagal himself will probably want to forget about the existence of this. **
