Steven Seagal, Mr. Personality himself, this time is the largest United States pilot in Stealth, who is promised a pardon from the military (... who tried to erase his memory at the beginning of the film, for which he escaped from the base, later caught after interrupting the gang robbers in a shootout at a gas station), if he can successfully penetrate the terrorist base in Northern Afghanistan, which is managed by a group called Black Sunday, which commands an air force stealth fighter thanks to an American traitor. Together with the same pilot, who admired the traitor, Jannik (Mark Basel), John Sands (Seagal) will fly into enemy territory, receiving help from his Arab lover Jessica (Sira Payton) and freedom fighter Rohar (Alki David). they are on earth. Jannick has been abducted by Black Sunday leaders Stone (Vincenzo Nicoli) and his law-enforcement woman Eliana (Katie Jones), and Sands must figure out how not only to take command of the stolen fighter stealth again, but also to save him. And maybe Sands might take revenge on the traitor he taught, most likely (Steve Toussaint) in the process. The Sands have 72 hours, until the pilots of the General Navy bomb the entire territory. On board the stealth, Black Sunday equipped a biochemical bomb, hoping to blow it up in the United States. <br /> <br /> Seagal gets a chance to shoot Afghans when he doesn’t cut their throats with knives. The film is mostly shooting machine guns and the body is falling dead. The situation in Afghanistan does not stand up for careful study (... and how easily Seagal and his colleagues can so easily navigate a region that has not been discovered), and the plot itself is not something special. The film is edited quickly, the camera is too sharp. Seagal is not such an active hero as he once was, and his battle scenes are carefully edited, and it is difficult for us to see how he kills his enemies, unlike the good old days. One of the poorest attempts of Segal, and he is as understated as ever (not a compliment). Even more disappointing is the fact that Seagal never fought in hand-to-hand combat with the main villains of the film, it is a shame. He does not even click his wrist and does not break his neck in any visible way (... of course, we see a slight resemblance to how some tool is thrown around, but the picture is not as clear as I like, because the directors have such quick edits and dizzy close-ups).
