They say that "the city on the hill can not hide", and the city of Virginia, Nevada, is located on the side of a mountain. Davidson, 6,200 feet west of Tahoe, is a prime example, or in the context of the film, it should be. Virginia City exploded in the American Dream like golden rain and silver, suspiciously in the same year that the Civil War began. It was the birthplace of the dean of American letters; It was here that a young reporter named Samuel Clemens began using the name "Mark Twain" and became America's most famous writer. It was also the birthplace of the great fortune of Hurst and the launch pad of John Mackay, who became the richest man in America, the third richest man in the world. Hey, they should have made a movie about him! In the 1860s, the city of Virginia was Bumtown from all the Bum Towns, home to a great deal, once the largest metropolitan area west of St. Louis and east of San Francisco. But Virginia City (film) misses all this and more refers to the duel between north and south between the characters played by Errol Flynn and Randolph Scott. Flynn is Captain Kerry Bradford, a Union officer, a prisoner of war in a concentration camp, run by a sneaky Confederate commander named Captain Vance Irby, played by Scott. These two always interfere with each other. Bradford runs away, and then tries to stop a batch of gold bars, which are "stolen" from the VC by anyone else. Irby! "Hey, what is he doing here ?!" Horrible. Bogart plays a ridiculous Mexican gangster who cannot decide which side he is on. Miriam Hopkins plays a grim character named "Julia Hein", apparently a historic attack on the town's first lady, Julia Bulett, who in real life is a famous prostitute. She travels to Washington and tells Honest Abe about saving Bradford (not Irby) from hanging and blah blah blah. Go figure it out. They were supposed to hang the writer. In "real life," Twain reports that on the last day of the war, the setting sun caused an American flag on top of a mountain. Davidson appears perplexed residents strangely on fire, like in the movies. Three days later, they discovered that that day the South had capitulated. One interesting feature in the film is how assistants Alan Hale and Gene Williams throw their pistols forward when they shoot, as if they are catching fish, or trying to get the bullets to move faster. Good idea for a movie. The same type of stupidity is associated with juice and corn throughout the entire film. Damn it, how could they have missed the golden madness, wasteful wealth, gunfights at the silver mines, Mark Twain ran out of the city and were beaten after opening, curved railway, Opera Theater fire, Artemis Ward, huge Bulett burial, Chinese tongs, black salons, auction . ,? All this high on a mountain surrounded by desert? The truth was unreal. Did his incredible wealth cause the great American Holocaust? Well, if you count this film, it will not be the first failure from Virginia. This is a disappointment for fans of Virginia City, because it lacks what has made the city a “city of illusions” where, as they say, evil seeps from under the ground. Well, other than that, it's a funny movie. Flynn and the gang are always great, no matter what story they destroy. If Flynn just played himself through, I would double my rating.
