Absolutely funny. If you know anything about poker, you will find it absolutely terrible, but also interesting, because it is so stupid. The nerd who made this film is obviously very religious and knows a little about playing poker, but I doubt that he ever played above 3-6. (I think he also knows nothing about golf.) Where to start. I saw the best performances in the Intro to Cinema class, which I took in my first year at a film school. The actors who will be watching in this film are Queen Mumma, Scotty Nguyen and a loser who can never win poker. All others are as wooden as they come, like bad porn actors. <br /> <br /> * Spoiler * Man movie starts with in the opening sequence is the only reason the movie was made. He is a railbird who does not play poker and never leads a dialogue, but the actor is a person who obviously paid for the film. I can not think of a waste of money than this man who is shelling this senseless production. It is fitting that he had such a useless role. <br /> <br /> There is very little poker in this movie. Most of the time spent on useless third-party characters, whose subjects are not solved in the least. Queen Mom has a theft scene when she throws her loser out the window and tries to shoot him in the head. In addition, unnamed Arabs in the store also give brilliant ideas when arguing, beating or killing an elderly woman who robs them. Their subtle performances are easily among the highlights of the film. It makes you wonder why they worked so that all these white people would play the main role. <br /> <br /> In conclusion, complete nonsense. Plan 9 of Cosmos has a bit more coherence. If you play poker, you may want to laugh. In addition, if you are a Christian, you may like some of the harsh religious talk that interrupts the film as meaningless pepper. I hate films made by religious people. Especially those who think they know something about things they know nothing about. Sadly, Jennifer Harman and Scotty Nguyen were involved in this parody, because I can't help but think about them. They must be jealous of Johnny Chan because he entered Shuler.
