Let's go into the world of this film for a moment so that you can better understand the type of film we are dealing with here. <br /> <br /> Edison is one of those really stupid films where the bad guy and his assholes have 50,000 bullets firing at the good guy behind the walls and columns screaming at them, and then finally get to the good a guy face to face and instead of killing him ... instead of wasting this guy who caused you so much sadness .... instead of just coming up and pop! ..... What are you doing? Bad guy ..... he is talking to him. He grabs a good guy and talks to him, holding a gun in his hands. THEY DON'T SPEAK ANYTHING! BURN IT! Shoot him now! But he still talks to him. Oh, another thing. In the end, the newspaper says "THE HISTORY OF THE WINNER OF THE PULITZER PRIZE" RIGHT HERE "or something directly on the front page of the newspaper when it looks like the first time the story is printed. So how the hell did someone win the Pulitzer race so quickly? Yes, you know such stupid films? Yes, this is Edison in a nutshell. <br /> <br /> You get Mr. Morgan Freeman and insightful Kevin Spacey, who both make phone calls in their roles, LL Cool J, who frowns at virtually every moment of the movie, while making an offer to his girlfriend in a damn nightclub of all countries, and the last line of "Duck" was something like a movie about a deadly weapon that was never filmed ... and Justin Timberlake whined and spewed nonsense every time he said a little cheeky bastard The only bright spot was a crazy Dylan McDermott which did my best impression was "Denzel from the training day", which was quite fascinating. <br /> <br /> Oh yes, what is the film about? Eh, something about the scandals associated with the fictional police squad of a special unit of the city of Edison called "FRAT (I swear, I do not invent this material), which was supposed to be an obvious SWAT game. In any case, the little journalist super singer boy Justin Timberflake something smells Ugly after the murder with the participation of two secret policemen from the FRAT, and he fusses in search of history, gaining the trust of his boss (Freeman), while they both guess something more and more sinister than they both thought. blah. It's like a boot. lay down a pelican, meets the unfinished training day. The step was slow and off, the script was terrible, and the acting was very boring. She jumped everywhere, nowhere to go. People fall into a coma, and you forget about them Damn, what a stupid movie. It's getting harder to write a review of it, because the movie left my brain as soon as it ended ... Actually, no, a lie, o o DON'T waste your time!
