They must give this plot plan to all directors coming to the bus station in Hollywood. Then they fill in the blanks and tell their story in any tourist city or city ghetto from which they have just arrived. You know exactly what this film is about in the first frame: four young guys play in grainy slow motion accompanied by voice-overs. The next stop after the bus station should be to buy shots of four young guys playing in a grainy slow-motion shot. Once they grow up, it is easy to find a writer / director among the four. He is a quiet, contemplative, long-haired man who will never be seen without his writings in his pants. This means that his excellent writing talent will be his ticket from Hickville to Hollywood. Only here there is no written or directing talent. And if you still can not understand who he is, here is a hint: the author and his character have the same middle name. It took more than an hour to realize that these twenty-something men were still to study in high school. What looked like a prison seemed to be a high school, the headmaster was the overseer. Once again, a poor, misunderstood rebel can drive everyone in a film into the pavement, kill and plunder, but he cannot resist his alcoholic father. How about you strike back, baby, like everyone else? Numerous fisticuff scenes with no visible target. Fighting bad dialogue. Many scenes are badly out of focus. Cartoon characters continue to appear as little players and extras, causing unintentional laughter from the first audience. Replaying the extremes. And if you don’t quite hear important speeches or slowed down scenes, just listen to domineering music. This will tell you what you should feel. Poor Marisa Ryan must be picking up a lot of frequent runs when she travels around the country, starring in these amateur regional films. The biggest sin is that the public must feel sympathy for children who shoot old women, run into puppies chained to a tree, rob and steal, all the while complaining about their sad, sad life. But if only we could get out of this city and go to college. Yes, this is a ticket. Why does every twenty-year-old director think that his life is so important, so interesting, that the world cannot wait to see it on the screen? If this film is so autobiographical, as it seems, then the author is better to look over his shoulder at the police with fugitive warrants.
