When Sam Peckinp's Wild Bouquet (1969) opened the door for outrageous demonstrations of graphic cinematic ultra-violence, she did it with the help of a talented (if to pickle her temples) hands directing the camera and had a compelling story with characters who had real depth But at the same time there were not many imitators who fell far from the standard set by the epic of Pekingpa, and SOLDIER BLUE definitely falls into this category. <br /> <br /> SOLDIER BLEW, uh, BLUE tells the story of a foul - a resident of New York Cross Lee (Candice Bergen), a blonde-proto-hippie who was “saved” from two years of “captivity” among Cheyena and now goes to the fort, where she will be reunited with the bride, whom she only wants to marry for her money. Also on board the van in which she rides is a party of state gold, the Cheyenne must buy weapons in cash, so the soldiers will soon be destroyed, and the Cross runs to the hills accompanied by Honus Gant (Peter Strauss), a lonely surviving trooper. Calling Gantt a strange nickname “Soldier Blue,” Cross demonstrates that her years among the “savages” were well spent, surpassing Gant in survival skills, common sense and obvious balls, as well as in their journey to the fort against which they must resist elements group hostile Kiowa, unscrupulous merchant ?? performed by Donald Pleasans, here he gives one of his most ridiculous speeches, does that say something ?? and, according to the tradition of many previous romantic comedies of the western genre, each other. <br /> <br /> In the course of their misadventures, two opposites inevitably arise ?? and as expected ?? attracted to each other and ultimately get it ?? while Gantt has a freshly treated bullet wound that has passed through his leg, no less ?? in, of course, the only conveniently located cave, at least within a radius of twelve miles, which was not filled with rattlesnakes, mountain lions or who knows what, not to mention the Cheyenne, who could do something really elegant with such a prima apartment (there I go, thinking in terms of real estate in New York again). <br /> <br /> Realizing that their love can never flourish outside the cave, Cross leaves Gant and gets to the fort herself to find that the main idiot will not spare a couple of men so that they can rescue Gant; the regiment needs all the available personnel to launch an attack on the neighboring Cheyenne village, and as soon as Cross learns about this, she slips past her disgustingly agitated husband and goes straight to the Cheyenne to warn them of what will happen. <br /> <br /> What happens next is that the film has gained notoriety; it turns out that all the foolish misadventures and quarrels were just the reason for the disgusting reconstruction of the Sand Creek massacre in 1864, the orgy of rape, torture and the common sadistic evil committed in the name of "maintaining cleanliness in the country." and almost forty years after its release, this sequence is still troubling and nauseous because of its cruelty. Children tread under the hooves of attacking horses or pierced with bayonets, unarmed people beheaded ?? good effect, I have to admit, women are stripped and pushed by gangs of slave owners, and then naked native woman gets too nasty and raped and maimed in one really disgusting case, so instead her rapist decides to cut off her breasts, which, fortunately, we see only at the beginning, before the camera goes to the chronicle of any other disgusting act ?? and dozens of innocent people were shot and dismembered, their components impaled on peaks and waved at a victorious holiday or kept as the most disgusting souvenir. No joke, this scene will instantly collect the NC-17 rating if it is released today, not to mention the fact that it may push American Indian groups to riots in the streets due to the incredibly exploitative way of portraying atrocities. <br /> <br /> I’m all in favor of westerns who don’t shy away from an honest picture of how the west was conquered or stolen, to tell the truth, but this film has no idea what kind of film it wants to be; in one minute this is a false pseudo-hippie lecture on how aboriginal treatment has completely stopped (well, oh, yes!), then this light-hearted battle of farcical sex, where the Cross proves itself five times more than the man Gant and she manages to look hot in her delicious red gingham poncho (no panties), but it all comes out of the window when Donald Pleasant appears with an unintentionally (?) funny pair of toothed dentures, and our heroes need to figure out how to escape from his deadly grip in the subtitle, which not going anywhere and all this avershaetsya aforementioned apocalyptic climax. Any of these methods would be normal for a coherent film, but the end result is an indiscriminate porridge that has reached the horrors of the last ten minutes, despite the fact that they were worthwhile in promoting the film and in posters. <br /> <br /> But trying to be everything to all viewers, SOLDIER BLUE eventually becomes an inconsistent, Mulligan preaching stew, supposedly well-intentioned, political correctness, but if they are going to tell the story of the Sand of Massacre on the Scream, Would it be a good idea for some Indian characters to be more than just walks, when Murphy Brown played their bullhorn? We know absolutely nothing about people who are being destroyed solely because it seems like an ugly ploy to lure dagger viewers into watching “the wildest movie in history.” If you, like me, were intrigued by provocative advertisements and reviews, which almost endlessly praise him for “courage to say what he is,” take my word for it and let SOLDIER BLUE slowly disappear into cinematic darkness.
