This is a worn story about a man who marries a hangman’s noose, and then begins to “tame” his reluctant bride. He manages to be a sexist and a racist at the same time. For example, we will never know why a woman who won the respect of an Indian warrior is completely unable to fight back her ex-husband. Or why the members of her team are so eager to get the “real man” in the saddle when she seems to take care of things herself just fine. It made sense only in the 50s in Hollywood. <br /> <br /> There is a really stupid scene where she rides him, and he actually catches the whip - the second time - then pulls her off the horse. Never mind that the first time would probably have lost his eye, which would have made it quite difficult to grab that whip! He then triumphs against her Indian bodyguard, where he spends the first two thirds of his beating half to death. This is some kind of second wind. Later, he successfully negotiates with some bloodthirsty Indians (since they are all in these films) after they reject her, now she’s his squaw. Never mind that he has no diplomatic skills, and she has been negotiating with them for many years. And the way he continues to reject her attempts to seduce him, just to keep her passionate and not let her master him - yes, that's right. As if women just rush at him all the time along the path. <br /> <br /> Finally, none of the roles are convincing in their roles. Madison - just a jerk who is unreal lucky. Fleming throws back her hair and frowns a lot, but is completely unconvincing, like a fiery tattlewoman. The only reason you cheer on her is because you want Madison to be tied to a runaway horse and dragged along a cliff to the end of the movie. The way Madison tames Fleming is so predictable and has so few obstacles that it will annoy you if you see anything in women but blown up dolls. Even if you consider them as dolls, the complete lack of expectation will tire you. <br /> <br /> A complete waste of time. Even the landscape is kind of boring. Give it a big miss.
