In this movie, LL Cool J performed much better than I expected! He did an incredible job of acting as an apostate police officer in an apostate section. From the very beginning, he has been doing a great job in shaping the spectator's empathy for his character and the state in which he is. He acts as a kind of “gentle giant” - a man whose rude appearance can frighten anyone, but whose heart is clearly the right place from the very beginning - and he does an amazing job. He was most definitely the best character in the film. <br /> <br /> It was a performance that won no awards to Morgan Freeman. After he starred in major films such as Shawshank Escape, this film was certainly a step down. His role in Edison simply did not allow him to show his real talents as an actor - and from the point of view of the conglomerate of characters, he sadly pushed him into the background. There are many ways that his character (Moses Ashford) could play a more important role. What he did not do was disappointing and a real disappointment. I was hoping to see more of him in this film. <br /> <br /> Timberlake was supposed to stay in the music industry. His image of a young journalist was poorly acting and unconvincing. This film is a typical action movie that (at least initially) bears some resemblance to the corrupt police affairs that Los Angeles faced in the past. Being a fighter, he has his own stage in which scenes are shot, blood and courage. These scenes are usually unrealistic and painfully predictable. Watching the beginning of the film, very little is known about what will happen at the end - think about what you usually expect in a conflict of good cops / bad cops - and this is a little like REAL police shooting-out. <br /> <br /> What impressed me most was how the character Timberlake behaved during the shootout scenes. He begins to have a weapon and not use it. Then, when he finally comes to use one, he shoots, as if he had shot a gun all his life. Then he ran out of ammunition, and he does not have a weapon - and after 30 seconds, without movement or anything else - suddenly 2 more fully loaded weapons appeared And additional ammunition ?! Small mistakes in the plot really spoiled my movie. <br /> <br /> If you are looking for a clearly made-up plot in a fantasy world where everything works out well, then you will surely like this movie. For me personally, it does not matter what kind of film it is, if it is realistic. Make me believe that the story is true. This story was so obviously fictional in many aspects that I left feeling unsatisfied.
