I hate to sound like an "old man", but, to be honest, I have not seen too many films that I like that were made after 1960 ... well, the films seem to be getting worse and worse (although I really liked Scott Bayo car "The Bread, My Sweet", with the exception of the sex scene "de rigeur", which did not add ANYTHING value to this film). Because of this film, the mother, the former choir girl in Las Vegas, is not able to survive on her own, although she is clearly over fifty, although she hints that she is over forty. I have not bought it. I am 57 years old, and, like all women I know between the ages of 50 and 40, I am more than able to survive on my own (as I did since I graduated from high school at 13, got a legal exemption and went to own life). the journey.) Daughter doesn’t believe in her job ... she gets a promotion she doesn’t deserve (a great opportunity), and throws the ball too, but when another worker goes to the plate and is ready to deliver, the authors shot her as an “opportunist” when she simply did what any career-oriented person would do — using the wide open opportunity created by the lack of self-assessment the discipline of her colleague, a girl who obviously does not understand the concept of fulfilling her promises (in in this case her boss). <br /> <br /> The daughter reluctantly “allows” her mother to stay with her, temporarily, but then treats her mother (a woman who gave her life and raised her to “maturity”) as an outcast. Apparently, “writers” of deception, like this, do not understand that PARENTS “do not tend to” behave like children, and then YOUR children will treat them as children. It's just another social “nonsense” that Hollywood continues to try to squeeze, as if we, their audience, were stupid, wanting to be entertained by their creative suggestions. <br /> <br /> This is a sad film with a blunt ending. If the young male restaurant was a real, not a two-dimensional, “television character,” he would have stayed with MOTHER, who was not much older than him and rather attractive. But in the end, he "falls in love" with a daughter, a petty, rather uninteresting girl, who has such an attractive youth, but in the usual, gentle way. (The “opportunistic” young woman who worked with this unremarkable girl was much more physically attractive.) <br /> <br /> The audience had no plausible reason why the restaurateur preferred a daughter (who was alarmed, selfish, an egocentric woman who treated her mother with incredible disrespect for a mother — a woman who was kind-hearted, hot-tempered, humorous and had a joyful joy that her daughter could not even understand. Of course, the mother had her shortcomings ... she reacted to the death of her husband, glaring at the stupor for a year or two after that, which allegedly created a gap between her and her smart daughter. <br /> <br /> Regardless of how the characters evolved or did not develop, this is a film about a foolish deed and a waste of your precious time watching if you really don’t like nonsense. (Where is the mustard?)
