Although I had no idea what to expect from this film, this, of course, is not a damn thing that I would like to have in mind, if in fact something had occurred to me. As soon as I heard about its existence, all I knew was that I had my own movie called “Please, do not eat children”. Unfortunately, I could only find a copy under the alternative name of Island Fury. Looking back, I think I could call it a losing situation. On the one hand, I still can’t be known as the guy who owns the movie called “Please Don't Eat Children,” and on the other hand, Island Fury will end up being a terrible, pointless, boring, inconspicuous piece of garbage . Yes, definitely lost. <br /> <br /> I don't even know what genre they are here for. The disadvantage of the early 80s, with a memory that can actually be longer than without a memory. First, two teenage girls are being chased by two bad guys, once caught, the bad guys draw our attention to the fact that one of the girls has a coin on a string on his neck, and somehow these bad guys know a lot more than these coins hidden somewhere on the island. And here everything starts to become strange, somehow these guys find out about the trip that the girls made to an island a few years earlier, when they were only 10. I think this should mean that girls should know exactly where this supposed treasure is. So, now we are in the past, while the girls are trying to repeat their steps so that these bad guys do not kill them, although I would not mind if they did. In the memoirs, 10-year-old colleagues go on a boat trip with their sisters and sisters-boys, and finally stop at some air, they are confused with some child and his grandmother and grandfather-killer. Any potential indecision or reason to keep looking never appears, but the memory was undoubtedly better than the present, which, nonetheless, says little. <br /> <br /> For a while there I forgot about the original story. At some point I thought that maybe the director, too, and when the memory ends, it will be the end that would work for me, considering that this disappointment would be half an hour shorter. This meaningless film in a meaningless film eventually ends, and the real thing happens, but it's stupid. I guess I didn’t expect a film filled with babies to be consumed, or something like that, but I did expect some kind of outlandish B-entertainment program, basically just a tangled, inept storyline, unsure of its own genre. My advice is to look for something worthwhile, such as Attack Of The Beast Creatures. If anyone, I would recommend it only to serious collectors of B-films that they should have, anyone who is interested in, maybe brain damage. What really turns me on is that I still do not understand why they called it "Please, do not eat children." 3/10
