When a film from a book seems meaningless and incomprehensible, the reason can invariably be found in the book: either it was pointless to start with it, or an essence that is not easy to convey to the film, or the film missed its meaning, that is, the most frequent of these results, especially when this question is difficult to determine. The book "Morvern Kallar" has its own point of view; every reader of the book must have felt it and felt as if he had received it; but I suspect that most of them could not express it in words. I myself am not sure that I can, but perhaps it is about this or something like this: things come, things go, life is like that, but we continue; or at least some of us — people like Morvern — do. Without a doubt, a more erudite critic could come up with a more adequate definition. But the important fact is that there is a sense - perhaps this is the essence of the whole story - and that this would be the main thing to bear in mind and carry over the adaptation of the story to the film. The creator of this film, obviously, overlooked and does not replace one of his own; and therefore the film is about nothing. <br /> <br /> This is not an ordinary book lover's complaint that his favorite text has been violated. The merit of this book is that I reluctantly admitted: having read it, I discovered that it was a bloody nuisance and a reason to kick the author in his pants and get him to complete the work correctly. The narrative is supposed to be the work of the half-educated Morvern, but this illusion is constantly dispelled by a dozen different types of literary effects, as if the author was pulling her with his pen; there are inconsistencies of style and tone, as if different sections were drawn up at different times; and any conclusions I could make about Morvern had to remain preliminary, because it was unclear what the author intended and what consequences didn’t: for example, despite Morvern’s own characterization as a raver, I’m mistaken that in the end she remains Essentially a girl from the working class of the Scots, and, moreover, is her music download not so different from the downloads of past generations? In any case, despite my irritation at the author, I could not deny that his book was stuck with me; and what I couldn't get out of my head was the attitude of his character, her view of the world, which was almost as vivid as a portrait of Goya. Morvern is the man who always faces situations that are both quite comical and rather terrible; sometimes she invites them, but more often they land on her like flies, so much of her life consists of clumsy, but graceful, gliding, unconsciously practical and unconsciously philosophical - and it does not begin to describe it in its own way. The complex of incidents and answers of Morvern on them is the essence of the book, and it would be difficult to illuminate its achievement in revealing the section of existence otherwise; despite all my dislike for the book, i see it. <br /> <br /> The Morvern just described is not Morvern from the film; or, if so, most of it is behind the scenes. The actress who could have been a good match for the character if she were the right age at the right time is Angharad Rhys from the old Poldark TV series. Samantha Morton would thus seem like a good actor: she’s rather an actress of the same type, and in one of her earlier films, “Son of Jesus,” she played a girl who, with minor changes, could be turned into this one. Unfortunately, as it turned out in the film, she does not have a character from the book to play. On the one hand, the book is the one that, if dramatized, actually appeals to the monologue of the main character in front of the audience; without her comments, her perspectives, her voices, history loses much of its meaning. He lost more due to the fact that the adapter deprived him of its comic and horrible elements: the most memorable incidents from the book are reduced before they become terrible, and therefore Morvern’s answers (be it entertainment or disgust, depending on her mood) missing, and incidents no longer have a reason to be in history. In short, the director decided for some reason to transform a lively, sharp serial-comic novel into a feature film and chose as his typical image one of Mrs. Morton, languishing in artistically obscured melancholy; as if the tour that Morvern signs is a tour at the Station of the Cross. This is not at all what the book or the Morvern book said. On the other hand, Morvern from the film is not Scottish (the actress said in an interview that she did not have time to learn the accent), and she should be like this: it is important that she, her family and her friends are all from one place. And finally, the film lacks the end of the story: Morvern wasted everything she had and returned home into the icy darkness: winter, the dam froze, strength disappeared, and in the pub it was dark. The minus of this and the minus of everything else that remains is a failed feature film, a dead film, about a subject whose strength was precisely its refusal or native inability to ever succumb to death.
