This show is a perfect example of how CBC should stick to either news, sports or a satirical comedy of sketches. As a sitcom comedy creator, CBC revealed that she can combine the "King of Kensington" jigsaw with the live laugh of "The Beachcombers." Big shows, such as “Children in the Hall” and “Second City”, are ashamed of having to share their comedic roots with this lame show. <br /> <br /> I have to admit that I did not give this show a lot of chances right from the moment when I first heard about its concept. To begin with, half of the concept is a direct attempt to disrupt one of the few successes of the sitcom in Anglo-Canadian history, Corner Gas. The rest of the concept - a cultural clash - is far from original and is too often used as a support for sloth on the screen. The choice of the Muslim religion as the basis for the symbols “fish from water” seems to be a desperate attempt to be “acute” and “relevant”, but it turns out to be forced. Some jokes, which are based on the reaction of local residents to newcomers, irritate and insult the intelligence of all participants, especially the audience. <br /> <br /> This show is a great example of how CBC simply does not understand when it comes to creating Canadian content, especially when it presents Canada as a multicultural environment. Cultural diversity in Canada should not be represented in such a tough and compulsory way. It would be a refreshing change to see how the CBC introduces diversity to the television show, without making the show entirely dedicated to that diversity. I doubt that CBC has enough comedic talent to do something so subtle. One could compare the way diversity is depicted in Corner Gas. Aboriginal characters are not divided by ethnicity, and their heritage is not used to create storylines. More realistically, their lives and the lives of other characters are intertwined in a way that makes ethnicity no more meaningful than any of their other personal qualities. <br /> <br /> As the saying goes, even as a formal fish from the Water Comedy this show failed. The acting game is weak, the comic move all over the map, and the plot plots I saw were too far beyond the bounds of faith, even for comedy. The only saving grace is the talented Derek McGrath, who is terribly lost here. I doubt that even adding guest stars (Colin Mochry, for example, as an Anglican archbishop) can save this dog. I decided to give the show a chance when the “stir” of CBS died away; but two episodes - that's all I could stand - I almost felt my brain cells close with each unsuccessful punch. The time interval would have been better served if it had been broadcast more on Coronation Street, the Air Farce or Dr. reruns. Even the commercial will be an improvement.
