We all know that some of the greatest films of all time were based on books. Although these films were not entirely accurate, these films were nonetheless excellent. A few remarkable examples are the Harry Potter series, the Lord of the Rings trilogy and, to a lesser extent, almost every Disney movie. However, I regret to announce that Wrinkle in Time is not one of those films. Not only does he not meet some of the most basic expectations of Madeleine L'Engle's fan base, he manages to defy scripting standards, actions, special effects and, ultimately, respect for the audience. Keep in mind, I'm not trying to be evil; on the contrary, I dealt with this matter with an open mind. I figured what was done for T.V. The film will compensate for the lack of brilliance in the script. In the end, the spin-offs of Star Wars Ewoks were decent, albeit a bit silly. If you think about it, the original “Star Wars” was made on the “cash budget for lunch,” and see where George Lucas brought him! However, starting from the first scene, I was overwhelmed with frustration, as if I had come too close to the Black Thing during testing. <br /> <br /> Just as the shooting at Grido first became a symbol of the 1997 Star Wars special edition (disasters of monumental proportions involving a disgruntled director who made several disgusting changes to his favorite classics), Mrs. Vatsit officially become my personal symbol of confusion and stupidity, which is a wrinkle in time. The reason for this is the fact that it has been modified to the limit. In addition to the slightly controversial casting decision by Alfrey Woodard (Star Trek: First Contact and Radio), the tutor turned to our favorite star, the filmmakers decided that it was advisable to introduce her like a crow. That's right, crow. Moreover, the heavenly Centauri look of this very beloved character was hacked by looking like a crazy eight year old; a majestic half-man, half-horse with wings turned into a huge human head with an eerie smile, awkwardly mounted on a horse's crooked body, which, as it turned out, has a pair of wings in the middle. If I were five years old, it would psychologically traumatize me for the rest of my life. Worst of all, when he spoke, he was shown from behind to avoid responsibility for lip synchronization, which led to the scene, which was spent on looking at the back of the head and seeing the only fixed cheek, thus making some of the special effects less believable, than ET <br /> <br /> After I got the most painful part of the way, I have to move on to the defiant tears: characters, actions and stories. Personally, I always thought that Meg would look like the "Moaning Myrtle" from the Harry Potter films: simple hair, glasses and a figure that most supermodels would find funny. She was always a little agitated, a humorously pessimistic genius of mathematics who simply could not take care of the import and export of Nicaragua. In the film, she is an unpleasant know-all, to whom I have no sympathy. In fact, she makes me feel sorry for poor Mr. Jenkins, the director of her school, who constantly has to deal with her. Calvin, a kind, intelligent guy who everyone thinks is a joker, has become an athlete! The irony is terrible. As for the unforgettable Happy Wednesday, they took a pleasant old woman who loved to look at happy things, and replaced it with a creature that is “above the floor” and loves to look at “funny” things, such as girls falling from a swing. The only three people I can think of who have done a decent job are Charles Wallace, Mrs. Wattsit and the Man with Red Eyes (nicknamed “The Dude with Red Eyes” because of his complete rethinking as a character). <br /> History is a mess. A good comparison with this aspect of the film is Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, who did not do a good job of retelling the story found in the book, but retained the only original work. Here the only book is a pleasant chat with Hades in the underworld, obviously unaware that his body is collapsing. Since the Dark Lord complements the only information about how well she showed that the truth should be felt and not seen, Ikschel's flat-lipped fools (who replace the miraculous creatures who keep Aunt Beast in their ranks) break the spine. When the God of the dead remarks how subtle the horror of the earth was like the Kamafossian, the torn pages are scattered in a sandstorm and lost in the darkness of the land of evil. <br /> <br /> I am very sorry that this film exists. I do not believe that the actors were really bad. The way characters are written destroys it. Wrinkle in Time deserves to be adapted by Lawrence Casdan, directed by George Lucas or Steven Spielberg, refined in Industrial Light and Magic, voiced by John Williams, taking into account its sound in Skywalk Sound, edited by THX and sold Twentieth Century Fox. In its current state, the film is unworthy of showing self-respecting people. Even Madeleine L'Engle thought it was bad. The book was Good, the film was Bad, and Mrs. Watsit was Ugly. <br /> <br /> Rating: 0.1 / 10 (if I could) <br /> <br /> Pros: <br /> They understood the names correctly. <br /> <br /> Cons: <br /> <br /> He had terrible problems with the level of adaptation, the script, the actions and the special effects of Cliffs Notes, not to mention the lack of evidence that they had ever read a book . Oh, and on the main cover / poster are three main characters who fly horses over the castle. Some may say that it symbolizes a high adventure. I say that it symbolizes the irresponsibility of the artist, who did not even bother to put on Photoshop Meg.
