Or "Marlow in the sea." Another ridiculously overrated old movie with Bogey. Pretty talkative too. Bogey basically plays the same character as Marlowe’s films; always controls the situation, never gets nervous - no matter how dangerous the situation, calls women "slim", "ladies" and other nonsense, this is the only "real man", that is, the alpha man in the film (the only other alpha man is the head of the Gestapo - but he is just a fat man-alpha), and, naturally, every attractive young woman who meets on his way cannot resist his charms and wants his penis to be within a few hours after their initial presentation. eniya. The cliché of the character is all here. Bogey is supposed to be the same type of cynic that is spoken about reform as in Casablanca, and, naturally, he often refuses money or other values ​​when offered to him — but as consistent with a tough cynic in him? It is not, therefore he cannot be a cynic; The hawks wanted both: a character who is at the same time a “cool, lonely cynic” and at the same time a well-intentioned humanist. I don’t think so ... Bacall’s first time is performing her unassuming “cool baby” routine, and there are a lot of overvalued, not very interesting so-called “sexual insinuations” exchanges between her and Boggi; these dialogues sound silly by today's standards. "Just raise your lips and whistle ...". Lots of shit ... She was 19 when she was done, but she looks much older and much less attractive than the female stars of the day. Her bony face, with its sharp features, does not even radiate close to the feminine beauty of de Havilland, the attractiveness of the Peaceful Loy, not to mention the attractiveness of Irene Dunn. Bacall was more suitable for playing vampires, and not fatal women. (In real life, she is very much like her own face: a Hollywood bitch.) There is a scene in which Bacall burst into tears; not very suitable for her character. There are two or three bad music numbers - but my fast-forward button was ready. <br /> <br /> If you want to read my “biographies” of Bogart, Bacall, Houston and other Hollywood personalities, please contact us. to me by email.
