At the beginning of the movie, you can double-check the DVD cover and reread the outline several times, but do not worry. This is NOT the “Memoirs of a Geisha” that you purchased; just a movie with an intro, much more stylish and stylish than it is entitled to be. Nevertheless, the discovery is certainly the best thing in the whole film, as it shows how, in 1840, the master of samurai swords catches his wife, committing adultery. He beheads two lovers before committing hara-kiri (ritual suicide through shock). Let us turn to today, when the American ambassador to Japan welcomes a friendly family and brings them to the same house where the above-mentioned slaughter took place almost a century and a half ago. Since then, it has become a seemingly routine haunted movie, but the completely backward and implausible script still makes it somewhat exceptional. Let's start with the good aspects, namely the original Japanese setting and the presence of the adorable Susan George, who is my favorite British horror girl (well, along with Britt Ekland, Linda Hayden and Ingrid Pitt). The bad aspects simply include the fact that the script is incoherent, meaningless, beyond repair and supposedly full of alarming turns, causing only laughter. Restless spirits of the house soon begin to entertain themselves, infiltrating the bodies of new tenants and forcing them to do and say all sorts of crazy things. The spirit of a murdered adulterous woman especially loves to squeeze Susan into a delicious booty and turn her into an indecent seductress! In this "obsessed" state, she even lures the American ambassador to the street to have sex in a high-class garden full of famous guests. Thus, strictly speaking, it is not really the "evil" that lives in the house; just a trio of dirty ghosts with dirty minds and too much free time on their long dead hands! Obviously, these scenes are funny rather than frightening, especially because the light blue and transparent forms remind you of the cute side effects that were later popularized in Ghostbusters. “The house where evil dwells” is probably the worst ghost movie ever. For most of the time, you’re wondering if director Kevin Connor (who, nevertheless, made great horror films “Motel Hell” and “From the Underworld”) deliberately made your movie ridiculous and excessive, as “Motel Hell” can be. But then again, everyone in the cast continues to express their expressions with a straight and sincere face, so I think that we, however, should take everything seriously and feel anxious. “The house in which evil dwells” is never alarming or even remotely exciting, and there are not even any scary images in it, except the massacre at the beginning. I fully realize how small it sounds, but the two scenes in which Susan George comes out topless are the only true moments. Well, and those, and maybe the invasion of raw and ridiculously huge spiders (or are they crabs?) In the daughter's bedroom. As far as it was completely random and unimportant? If you ever decide to give this film a chance, despite its bad reputation, do not forget to leave common sense and reasoning on the threshold. <br /> <br /> General information for horror lovers: watch out for demons. a mask that was also a shard of scenery in the brilliant Japanese horror genre Onibaba.
