The film opens with a peaceful snapshot of a traditional Japanese house with a thatched roof, which stands on the slope of a small hill, and the title appears on the screen with the words “KUSHIATA KYOTO, JAPAN 1840”. A young Japanese samurai trainee named Masanori (Toshia Maruyama) walks along a winding path to the house, waiting inside Otami (Mako Hattori), with whom he began an affair with her husband, Sugoro (Tsuyyuki Sasaki, like Toshiyuki Sasaki), who happens to be a masanori teacher. Shugoro unexpectedly comes home and discovers that his wife and student have very close relationships with each other. His honor was destroyed by an angry samurai who brutally killed Otami and Masanori before committing suicide. A century later, Ted Fletcher (Edward Albert) comes to Japan with a working holiday with his wife Laura (Susan George) and their little daughter Amy (Amy Barrett). Their close friend Alex Curtis (Doug McClure), who works at the American consulate, helps them find them a place to stay, you do not need me where! He jokingly says that it is so cheap because he is being pursued, and Ted and Laura laugh, because they obviously do not believe in ghosts, at least for now. Almost immediately the film goes into cliche mode. The lights turn on and off by themselves, Laura has a restless feeling about the place, and the local Zen monk (Henry Mitov) gives them an ominous warning that they leave before it is too late, which of course they ignore. The spirits Otami, Masanori and Shugoro were doomed to remain in eternity within the walls of the house because of the curse of the witches Magejo (Tsuyako Oladimi). But there may be a way that they can break the curse, unfortunately for the Fletcher family, it could potentially cost them their marriage, their daughter, and perhaps even their very life. <br /> <br /> Directed by Kevin Connor. I thought it was a rather average movie. It would be nice to see once if you have nothing to do, but in a day or two you will probably completely forget about it. Nothing is remembered as particularly bad, but on the other hand, there is nothing particularly good about the film. The script of Robert Sukoski from the novel by James Hardiman is a bit boring and strictly quantity. Many ghostly events take place throughout the film, but none of them is very interesting or exciting, and the flat characters and Direction do not help things. There are several silly episodes, such as giant plastic crabs, that Amy and her nanny Noriko (Mayumi Umeda) are trying to find. And there is a scene in which Zen Monk expels the house, and the ghosts are driven out into the street, unable to return, but this happens until Ted simply opens the door and they just do not go back, some kind of exorcism! One more thing, I think it was a bad idea to have Doug McClure, who was 47 years old when he did this, to try his hand at kung fu and oriental sword fighting! George pulled out his big breasts several times, including a very non-erotic sex scene with McClure, although great efforts were made and a pair of sheets that stuck to them like super glue to ensure that there was no bare waist below the belt. With the exception of a pair of mostly beheadings off-screen, there is no blood, no blood, no violence. “Transparent” side effects are in order, but these days they will not impress many. It is made quite professionally and looks quite beautiful, but the potential in the Japanese setting and myths is not used, since this film could be installed in America, England or any western country without the need to change anything. Good waste of time.
