Did I do something or does it smell bad from dawn 1 + 2? God was behind everything? What does God have to do with science fiction? God is only the answer when you cannot come up with a reasonable explanation for something. In fact, this is precisely the problem with the series finale - they obviously could not come up with reasonable explanations for many of the big questions that were raised throughout the series, such as how Kara Thrace returns from the dead in a completely new viper, her old viper and a charred body were on Earth 2, why Baltar has an imaginary figure 6 in his head, why 6 has an imaginary baltar in his head, etc., so they explain this with "angels" or simply do not explain at all. <br /> <br /> On the plot of the last two episodes there were large enough openings to fly over the “Basic Star”. For example, why does “Galaxy” and its team go to suicide in order to save one girl (Hera), especially after Adam said that in no way he would try to escape? Because they found out the location of the Cylon base? This is not a good reason to sacrifice the lives of the team. And how did Anders recognize this place? And what was the meaning of the memories of the life of the main characters before the war? As if they had forgotten to do it before, so they threw something at the last moment. <br /> <br /> The people who wrote the last two episodes could not be the same writers who created what had so far been a sensational series. It is felt that the writing of the script was taken by evangelical Christians in order to spread the Word. Forget about trying to tie all the ends of the plot. The important message that the writers wanted to convey was as follows: do not believe your technology, as this will lead to your destruction; God is your ultimate salvation (failure, if you have a disease that requires treatment). <br /> <br /> Imagine that in the final movie of the Star Wars series you are told that there is no “power” ... instead, the Jedi actually gets its power from Jesus. Then they fly on their spaceships to the nearest star and live in the forest with the Ewoks. Will this be a good ending? No, it is not.
