The 1930s became fashionable for documentaries about remote corners of the world with an emphasis on wild animals, exotic landscapes, and primitive people with unusual cultures. Despite the logistics of transporting the film crew to a remote and dangerous place, and then returning them alive (with footage), such films were often much cheaper than regular Hollywood films ... because there were no expensive sets, costumes, or expensive movie stars. <br /> <br /> The most successful creators of such films (artistically and materially) were the team of Martin Johnson and his wife Osa, who shot several documentaries (sometimes with clearly marked events) in Africa and Asia. Johnson's safari films were extremely popular, inspiring several parodies ... most notably Wheeler and Woolsey, “So This is Africa,” in which very sexy Esther Muir plays a character named Mrs. Johnson-Martini (instead of Martin Johnson). Gaddit?) Although at that time several other directors produced safari documentaries, Johnson films were the most popular in this genre, because they relied heavily on humor. From our more enlightened (I hope) point of view, this is a serious drawback of Johnson documentaries: too many scenes in which funny little brown or yellow people make you look like complete idiots who are easily outwitted by clever white Bwana Johnson and his wife. <br /> <br /> One of the main advantages of these films is the presence of Osa Johnson. Ten years younger than her husband, she manages to appear young enough to become his daughter. Although Osa Johnson is not as attractive as slender blonde Esther Muir, she was a graceful brunette who fawned on the camera in all the films she shot with her husband. <br /> <br /> Kongorilla is probably the best of the Johnson films. The images in the Congo are interesting and have some historical value as evidence of how this environment looked in 1930. Pictures of the pygmies and other natives are also interesting, although they suffer from Johnson's inclination to put events in such a way that makes the natives look “wild” and alien. <br /> <br /> The best (and funniest) scene in Kongorilla is an improvised sequence in which Osa Johnson tries to teach some pygmy women jazz dance. (The dance is “Black bottom”, no less ... the same dance that Bob Hope famously taught Daisy and Violet Hilton to Siamese twins.) Osa Johnson in jodhpura, riding boots and cork helmet slaps his knees trying to teach this dance to African women. Meanwhile, they are just standing there, staring at her, apparently wondering what this crazy white woman is trying to achieve. This is a very funny scene, but it has unpleasant shades. Osa Johnson performs a dance that was invented by black Americans: it is understood that African Americans must instinctively be able to perform this dance after a short demonstration (I think using natural rhythm), because it is in their blood or something like that. <br /> <br /> I will rate “Kongorilla” at 4 points out of 10. This film tells a little about the life of Africans in the 1930s and, rather, about the American cultural perception of the same decade.
