This is not a film that you can actually analyze separately from its production. The audience has become a cinematographer in an unprecedented degree in the history of the American film industry; we felt so involved that watching becomes like watching a friend’s work. How can you be objective? This is our film, isn't it? Or is it? There can be nothing more crafty than a director who advertises himself as a friend of the audience, giving them all the naughty pleasures that criticize nannies. Just look at this chief publicist Eli Roth, a promising pursuer who misses all the insides missing from the literally ruthless mainstream horror films, only to create a worn and technically incompetent job, such as Hostel. <br /> <br /> David R. Ellis may not have spawned a monster that was the Internet response to his film, but he, quite understandably, quickly contacted him. He took the carnival school of filmmaking to a new level, forcing fans to build what they would eventually buy. There is so much enthusiasm for this interactive, democratic approach to filmmaking that they seem to have missed the point — that this is the most cynical form of film as marketing. Nothing is included, the filmmakers know that the fans will not buy, and any old offer that will get ass in the field is included. The fact that the field has become the name tells you everything you need to know. <br /> <br /> Is this not an evolution of the focus group approach? Individual creativity, talent, craft, ideas - everything is sacrificed before the insane chatter of the masses. This is a critical place when focus groups and test shows are not suitable for good films - why should the Internet enthusiasts preventive intervention be different? Because we are movie fans? Well, thank God for us, because otherwise I would not see a woman topless bit the snake of her nipple. <br /> <br /> So yes, I had fun in the film - a midnight show, fresh from the pub and with a bucket of ice cream - but in fact it was relatively unrelated to the film, and pretty much in common with the atmosphere. Like Christmas, everyone seemed determined to have fun, no matter what. There was laughter, but I do not know whether it was with the film or with the film. With a movie designed like this, is it even a significant difference? There are some really good aspects of a movie. Samuel L. Jackson gives a well thought-out presentation, pure parody, but with a real sense of pleasure. Rachel Blanchard and Lin Shay are decent in limited roles, and there are one or two inspirational moments - the fate of the Bolognese is a really funny black comedy that the rest of the film does not imitate. <br /> <br /> Serial characters are expected, but the complete lack of expectation is unknown. What is the point of a film that combines two great phobias, if there is no creeping threat? There are a few moments when snakes jump out, but they are incredibly poorly set. Only an annoying British man gets a decent meaty death scene - the other murders are strangely flat. For example, the death of newlyweds shamefully spoiled. Most actors fail to make an impression; It's a shame that a charismatic actress such as Julianne Margulis seems so tired (when she tells two children to close their eyes and pretend that the turbulent flight is a roller coaster, she can talk to the audience - the film is lagging behind) <br /> <br /> There are worse movies, but there are many, many better; another reviewer on this site compared this film to Lake Placid, and it is as contrasted as I can imagine. This film worked so great, because the performances were excellent, the jokes were funny, the episodes of obscurity were scary, and the committee did not invent. The fact that the characters had a shallow depth and shading was an unexpected bonus. I don't need a show at midnight after the pub to have a good time with this movie. <br /> <br /> This film will eventually become a footnote in the history of cinema. However, if this creates a precedent, I sincerely worry about what may appear on our screens in a couple of years. In all likelihood, nothing special will come of it. Perennial popcorn favorites — Raiders of the Lost Ark, Alien, Halloween, and, of course, Star Wars — are simply not created by the group. <br /> <br /> At the same time, I will tell you that - I do not have half the desire of Ingmar Bergman.
