Oh god, how the hell did any part of this movie be approved by anyone? It smells like cheese from start to finish, but it is not even good cheese. This is the most disgusting, most moldy, most tasteless cheese that I have, and I can't believe that there is someone who really, really enjoyed it. Yes, if you saw it with a bunch of drunken / burnt friends, then some pieces might be funny in a sad way, but for the rest of the audience, the only interesting parts are when the specified group of friends throws popcorn and insults insults at each other and on the screen. I watched this with a guy who had little laughter, having prepared several sorts of beer to laugh at the expected movie nonsense. We got shit (a lot), but no giggles. It does not even qualify as a film “so bad, this is good.” This is just bad. Very very bad. And that's why (look away if you spoil): the film begins with the guy beating the other to death. Well, I was a few minutes late, so I’m not sure why this is so, but I realized that behind the ingenious scene I realized that "this guy is a bit cool who you don’t want to mess with." Oh, and the guy testifies of that. So, we already have our ultra-evil bad guy and a wise, but nice (apparently) good guy. Cue hero Big Sam enters the scene in the usual way, saving the good guy in the usual stupid way that only bad fighters can achieve, that is, the Hero is immune to bullets, everyone else is rather clumsily falling. Cue first plot holes. How the hell did Sammy know where this guy was, or that he was watching the murder. Perhaps this and the answers to all my questions related to the plot, were explained 2 minutes before I went to the cinema, but I doubt it. In fact, I'm going to stop poking holes in the plot right here, so as not to turn the film into something resembling Swiss cheese (which, as we all know, is good cheese). So, “plot” (a very generous word to use). A good guy should get to Los Angeles, an evil guy would prefer that he did not, Hero Sam stands between them. The cue decoration for the next emetic hour is a passenger plane. As I said, no longer poke holes in the plot, I just leave it there. Passenger aircraft. Further, the vital ingredient is still missing from this gem of the film, and what makes it what it is is the Serpent. Hooray! Oh, pause. First we get to know all the obligatory characters that a lame film should have. A hot, lustful couple (see if you can guess how they die), a British guy "dead before the snakes even appear" (these annoying British, eh?), Lovely children and Joe Brand. For all of you Americans, this is an English comic known for its size and unattractiveness. Now, when we met with the actors, let's see how they all die (except, of course, cute children). Do not expect anything original, it's just snake bites into different and more and more fun (actually not) parts of the body. Use your imagination, as the filmmakers obviously did not use them. <br /> <br /> So, most of the film is complete, so now, for the better, the end. As expected, everything is so happy when the plane lands that everyone in sight starts to suck their face. Yeah, ice cool Sammy's included. But wait, we are not all off the plane! The last guy to come out is a good guy, but just like he does, he was bitten (you guessed it) by a snake (of all things). It is clear that all this time he was hiding in Mr. Jackson's hair, as he somehow managed to resist the trick with the air pressure that the good old hero used a few minutes ago, despite the 200-foot constrictor (the one who ate this nasty British jacket) be unable to. So Sam shoots him and the snake in one fell swoop. At that moment I prayed that the film was going to make a much-needed spread and show that the hero was in fact a traitor of some kind. But no. In the form of icing on the way of the cake (but with stale cheese, remember), it turns out that the bulletproof vest was the culmination of the film. As someone might think that the audience 10 years ago, not to mention 2006, will be impressed by their ingenuity, beyond my comprehension, but she managed to sum up the film. <br /> <br /> In fact, we are not quite done yet. After everyone sucked the face (Uncle Sam with the lead actress, a good guy with Tiffany, a symbolic Black guy with the symbol of the White Girl and a hot couple in a mental duel with necrophilia), it's time for the good guy and hero to put it on. ... on Bali !!! No, it was not at all exciting, exclamation marks were just there to show my extreme joy from watching videos. Yes, the last shot of the film is a holiday surfing trip to convey the message that there was a small connection between men and the chance for idiots who really enjoyed the movie, howling a few times. That's all. This is the first time I publish a review of a film, but I felt so strong that someone had to speak out against this disaster of cinematography. If you like airplanes, snakes, Samuel L. Jackson, flight attendants, bad guys, surfing, dogs in bags or the British, then please, please, do not watch this movie. It will pollute your opinion about all of the above to such an extent that you never want to come into contact with any of them ever again. Instead, see United 93. It was good.
