The more I analyze this film, the worse it gets. First of all, why a motivational speaker? This part was just stupid. I mean, why does a meganoman trying to control the world rely on a motivational speaker? Is Alexander Stone really so disorganized? At first he cannot decide what he wants to do in order to control the world, so he seeks ideas in the Bible. Many of these ideas, I might add, were not really credible (for example, some of the “houses of Ishmael and Isaac would scream in horror” could already have happened. These could be synagogues burned during the Crystal Night). and the mosques could well have been blown up in Baghdad or something like that.) And the Gillen Lane family! They had no part but to provide a platform for family values ​​and get their eyes wet with water! I can add that since Casper van Dean / Gillen Lane is only twenty (or I have the impression), and he has a ten-year-old child, he had a child in high school. Yes, there are TBN family values. Also, why should this film be damn propaganda? I will repeat what the reviewer said earlier. In the Indiana Jones films, Christian mythology is used as a plot tool and manipulates them well, so we are drunk. This film does not do this. The beginning begins well: Michael Ironsides plays a priest who kills a scientist of some kind and steals the omega code of a dead guy. Then, when he is confronted by two people whom he clearly fears, two prophets say to him: “Tell your master that we are here!”. Dominic (Ironsides) replies: “He already knows,” and points to a small surveillance camera. This part made me chill. If only this continued, I would love this film. I pay tribute to Michael York: he copes well with his role, as does Michael Ironsides. But the good guys are terrible. I already talked about Lane's family. <br /> <br /> Now that I’ve finished the game, I’ll get down to the story. This is obviously a Baptist film, since our beloved father from the Vatican is portrayed as a jerk. I liked the story of world domination, and I consider it believable and subtle, since the sequences of actions were also fascinating and well executed. Also another diatribe against the Vatican, their leaders are considered dogmatic, as Gillen explains to the pope that this is not the end of the world, but the beginning of a new one. Also, the Vatican (or Israelis) says that they are going to secede from the World Union and since they used the Omega Code to control the world. Whoever that was, they were not just separated, they sent commandos and killed them. This is equivalent to the fact that America knows that the KGB is going to kill the president, and simply says: "We will no longer talk to you!". Come on! I really liked the scenes where we see bombers heading to Israel, and we see them again on the monitor. Mediocre in brief.
