I was very disappointed with this film for several reasons. The first half hour is actually pretty decent. Although acting is not better than the one you find in a rap video, it’s pretty funny and production doesn’t look half bad. In fact, I almost thought that it would be almost as good as Perico Ripiao (another recent Dominican film), which turned out to be MUCH better than I expected. The plot of the film is based not only on the deception of husbands, but also on how women are perceived and treated in Dominican society as a whole, which creates good prerequisites, especially in the Dominican Republic. Unfortunately, I do not think that the creators of this film rely on the fact that a good film is devoted to how you feel about your subject, and they cut the veal cutlet they had before them. After about 30 minutes of the film, the roles of men and women change places after the wife of the main characters cast a spell on him because of his deceptive habits. Not only does this transition occur through what looks like an ultramodern, space age, CGI effects, dating, I suppose, from 70s, but the whole story just collapses. The rest of the film is nothing more than stupid predictable situations, and one smart liner. To top it off (and I suppose I should warn you now ** WARNING ABOUT SPOILER **), it all becomes a dream. Oh my, who did not expect this? Oh, man, I almost forgot the most ridiculous thing about the movie. After about an hour, I start thinking: “Hmm, something is wrong with the soundtrack, but what could it be?” ?? <br /> When oh, when DR will give us a film, we can call the work Fine Arts?!?! Perhaps a comedy in the spirit of the French "Amelie" or an action movie in the spirit of "Ong Bak" in Thailand, an animation in which Akira was in Japan, a witty crime thriller in the role of "Puff Pie" in England in the "Awakening of Life" here in the States. <br /> <br /> ... I would give 1, but I saw that much worse came out of the DR, look for Los Dzhodedors, and you will understand what I am talking about.
