Victor Vargas's upbringing: an overview <br /> <br /> You know, Victor Vargas's upbringing is the same as putting your hands in a large steaming bowl of oatmeal. It's warm and sticky, but you're not sure if it looks right. No matter how hard I tried, no matter how warm and boring Raising Victor Vargas was, I always knew that something was wrong. Victor Vargas suffers from some self-confidence on the part of the director. Apparently, the director thought that the ethnic background of the Latin American family on the lower eastern side and the idyllic storyline would make the film critic proof. He was right, but that did not deceive me. “Raising Victor Vargas” is a story about a seventeen-year-old boy named, you guessed it, Victor Vargas (Victor Rasuk), who lives in his teens, chasing more skirts than the Rolling Stones for all the years the trip. The film begins in Donnie's bedroom “Ugly Fat,” where Victor will certainly seduce her, but a cry from the outside violates his plans when his best friend Harold (Kevin Rivera) is looking for him. Caught in an attempt by Harold and his sister, Victor Vargas escapes to control the damage. Nevertheless, even despite the embarrassing assumption that he is deceiving the most homely girl next door, nothing discourages young Victor from hunting for fresh meat. On a hot New York day, they make their way to the local public pool, where Victor's eyes catch a glimpse of the beautiful young nymph Judy (Judy Martha), who is not only cute, but also strong and independent. The relationship that develops between Victor and Judy becomes the focus of the film. The story also focuses on the family of Victor, which consists of his grandmother or abuelita (Altagracia Guzman), his brother Nino (also played by the real brother Victor, Sylvester Rasuk) and his sister Vicky (Krystal Rodriguez). The action follows Victor between the scenes with Judy and the scenes with his family. Victor is trying to cope with being a pimp-overtired, his feelings for Judy and the conservative Catholic education of his grandmother. <br /> <br /> Problems arising from the upbringing of Victor Vargas are a few, but obvious mistakes. Throughout the film, you will recognize some of the characters, such as Vicki, Nino, Grandma, Judy, and even Judy Meloni’s best friend. The problem is that we know nothing about Victor Vargas, except that he is the biggest gigolo in the district. We know that he knows how to lick his lips, comb and wear himself in order to drive the girls into the bag, but that's all. We know that Nino plays the piano, and quietly well, it can be seen by the awards on the family piano. We know that his sister Nicky, who loves gossip, watches television with great interest. We know that a grandmother is a hardworking traditional Latin woman who tries to conservatively raise her children in a world of excessive corruption. But where is the title character, Victor Vargas? He is somewhere in this film, but we only know what this film tells us. This is the biggest drawback of the film. Victor Vargas is not so much a character as a ping-pong bouncing between scenes with Judy and his grandmother, but we will never know who Victor Vargas really is. This is important because, as I mentioned, the only thing we know about Victor Vargas is that he is a sexually active teenager with a libido the size of Manhattan. He is a real alpha male. Victor Vargas - not the character that I sympathize with. Why would anyone? So, by the end of the film, after the climax, did we really believe that somehow Victor Vargas reached ANY depth and found out the mistakes of his way? How could such a two-dimensional character have any depth? If only the director was a little more worried about bringing his main character to life, and not about getting this perfect hand shot. <br /> <br /> The education of Victor Vargas enlivens the world of the surroundings of a Latin American city on a big screen. What several films have done before in the past. The film was praised for making it feel so real, and I will not argue with that. I have not seen such a level of reality since CBS went on the air. Seriously, although the film has some good shots of the city, writer / director Peter Sollett was too dependent on close-ups and hand shots. This problem is especially noticeable in indoor scenes that are so claustrophobic that I was forced to perform deep breathing exercises in order not to lose consciousness. As the film continues, the frames are becoming more and more dense with faces cropped from forehead to chin on the screen; You can smell the cheap cologne of Victor Vargas. The overall effect is unreal in contrast. Internal scenes of city apartments make them look small and cramped, which is not true. I was in these type apartments; I used to live in one. They are not gorgeous, but have high ceilings and decent living spaces. By the standards of the film, you might think that in these apartments there were 5x5 cells of brick and mortar, chipped paint and cracked walls. Unfortunately, Sollett’s continuous use of close-ups and one particularly unsuccessful snapshot with an increase in scale on one stage seems completely amateur. But “Educating Victor Vargas” is just Sollett’s second film, and his most famous, solid film production job, which, hopefully, will be better when he continues to make films. One review I read summarized the film as Ethnicity for Ethnicity, and I cannot agree with that. If Victor Vargas was really a great film and story, then the applicability of the characters would not matter if they were Latin Americans, Chinese, etc. But if you took this story and stuck it in a suburb of the middle class with a bunch of little-more whites Children’s results would not have been such vivid reviews, and we would see the film’s imperfections more clearly. Indeed, some other aspects of the use of Latinos in this film bother me. While some aspects of Victor Vargas are accurate, others I must question. For example, Victor, Nino and Vicky live in the same room. This made me anxious, because it seemed to contradict my conviction. In any self-respecting Latin American family, there would be no two older brothers living in the same room as a thirteen-year-old girl. At first I was not sure, maybe I was wrong, but after talking with my grandmother, I realized that my problem was justified with this. Considering how conservative my grandmother is, one would think that Vicki would have slept in her room. <br /> <br /> As a Latina who grew up in a rather conservative Cuban family, brought up by my grandmother, when my mother was working full time, I could relate to the film differently, so my critical points of view are bitter-sweet, because that I really wanted to love this movie. Unfortunately, my disregard for Victor Vargas sabotaged my feelings for the film. Maybe it's because Victor Vargas reminds me of those guys who were lying when I was playing with my Sega Genesis, when I was seventeen. Maybe it's because without any further introspection of the film, Victor Vargas is just a stereotypical Hispanic with hot blood who will eventually scream to the girls from his car: “Hey, honey, I want to get into my love, Mach ... Cheen ? Anyway, I don’t like him, so in the end, how do I get a movie about him? Therefore, if you excuse me, I will go and put my hands in a bowl of cereal. <br /> <br />
