When teens go on a trip in a camper, there are a lot of clichés you can guarantee. <br /> <br /> 1) The teens will be warned not to go where they are going, to a crazy local. Dan Van Hugun handles this with a ridiculous description of deadly sirens. What, who, how and why are processed in one almost indiscriminate explosion. 2) The van will break. 3) During the search for help, the group will be divided and repulsed one by one by the monster about which they were warned. 4) They will find a house inhabited by a madman, he will capture them. 5) There will be a telephone in the house, but it will not work, it will be anxiously decorated, neon lights, spiders and maggots will flicker. 6) The madman will catch them when they try to run away on a vehicle that does not start (here it was necessary to make a speedy run on a tractor). 7) The madman, apparently, will be killed only to return from the dead for a cheap weak panic, and then will be killed properly. 8) Only the girl will survive in the group. 9) At the end there will be an unnecessary turn. <br /> <br /> Add to these elements bare sirens (on which the characters seem to react amazingly differently, despite the fact that everyone who sees them should immediately fall in love with them), who seduce and killing teens tearing their throats and pulling their bodies in half, and you have something like a dream movie of twelve-year-old boys. <br /> <br /> I think it will be fair to say that my opinion about the director and his previous work is as low as possible, but I am pleased to note that there are several elements that border on pleasant and significantly improve him previous film "Dark Hunters", which is one of the worst films I have ever seen. Sometimes the cinematography is very good, music and editing is much higher than his previous films and some other low-budget horror films. I was impressed to know that this was achieved with the help of a third of the money spent on the previous monster. However, the worst in this film cannot be found in the main part of the film; it is, ultimately, a slightly distracting, if meaningless film that was shot again and again, but among the extra features of the DVD. <br /> <br /> If you make this film, I beg you to listen to the director’s comments, it’s unbelievable. This can be said more than the film itself. One stunning part of the commentary is the director's statement that the film is a lead cliché, because it was a preconceived idea. He says that this is a deliberate attempt to use all the clichés, and he openly wonders if “people will get it”. <br /> <br /> I’m afraid to say that if it should be a clever nod and wink to the films of the past and the genre cliches in them, then it is not cleverly written in the script, acting accordingly. tone, neither directed with enough style to work. If this film was made to order, it makes me ask one question; "What was the point?" This is a film that just slips right into the canon of bad horror films; any attempt to make something clever or great didn't work. <br /> <br /> The next piece of brilliance is a conversation about snobbery in the direction of digital technology. movie formats. They rightly point out that digital communication is often associated with low cost and ease of use. However, the best time to talk is when they mourn the fact that when Michael Mann makes a film in this format, he is branded as a visionary. There is a simple distinction; Mann is a talented director who will use the format to match his story and style, Roberts is a hacker who uses it to create genre pictures from the bottom shelf. I think the differences are obvious, and the comparison is not only arrogant, but superfluous. <br /> <br /> The best moment is reserved for Robert's comments about people who took the time to watch their previous movie. Those who did not like it are summarized as “geeks,” and he even goes so far as to highlight specific people who have the courage to express their opinion on forums that encourage them to do just that. I have to admit that I was a little disappointed that my review of his last film was not chosen for ridicule. Tirade goes further when the group jokes about the Norwegian reviewers, with “funny” accents that people from Norway will not know a good movie simply because of where they were born. As always, comments of this kind speak more about those who say them, and not about those they are aimed at, they simply make the director and his friends look ignorant. <br /> <br /> The package complemented the tasteful story of how the sirens were thrown. Robert swears blindly: “I didn’t want to make a film similar to Observation” when we see tapes for listening to topless and naked girls wriggling on the ground. There is also a simpler, indulgent documentary about the making of the Darkhunters, during which Roberts says that the reviewer claimed that Forest "The Best British Film of the Years." I do not know who he is trying to convince. At some point in the comments Roberts jokingly says: "I see people sitting at home and saying:" This is not surprising, this is crap, "he is not mistaken.
