I have never been an avid spectator of Crocodile Hunter, but sometimes I saw an episode or episode, and when news of Steve Irwin’s death from a stingray attack in 2006 spread, it certainly caught my attention. This film with Steve and his wife Terry playing themselves, but in a fictional story, was released in 2002, but I didn't hear about it just a few years later, and even after that it took me some time to get around to see this. Well, now I saw it, and, looking here first (more than once) and seeing its rating, I was not surprised at how impressive it turned out, although it could have been a BIT better. Obviously, this is a comedy, so the main problem is that it is not funny at all. <br /> <br /> The American satellite beacon falls from space and lands in Australia, where it is located. swallowed a crocodile! While Steve and Terry Irwin are on a mission to capture this crocodile from a place where he terrorizes livestock on a ranch owned by the crazy Brozzy Drevitta, and do not know that inside him, two CIA agents are going to Australia to pick up the lighthouse! Agents are helped by Joe Buckley, and the rancher and her dogs can complicate their task! During the mission of Steve and Terry, they encounter other types of dangerous wildlife, not just a crocodile, and since they have no idea that there is anything unusual in a crocodile, when Steve sees CIA agents after them, he takes them for poachers! <br /> <br /> Not only did I not laugh once while watching this movie, the only part that really made me smile was Steve Irwin, using a big snake to scare off one of the CIA agents. Also, I don't think I found something even slightly funny. It’s also a slightly rambling mess, moving back and forth from the Australian outback to the headquarters of the CIA, and it’s like clips from Crocodile Hunter and clips from the action movie that reason. In addition, ranch scenes have been added to this mix, which also seem to come from somewhere, and are supposed to be as funny as Brozze Drewitt, played by Magda Shubansky, not. At some point we see her farting, so we have a joking joke, the BASIC cliche in modern comedy! Are they so hard to resist ?! I also found typical Crocodile Hunter scenes in which Steve fights crocodiles and holds other dangerous creatures and tells viewers about them, tiring, but I think the fact that I never was a loyal fan of the show did not help. <br /> <br /> Many people admire Steve Irwin as a defender of natural resources, and they, unfortunately, do not have enough for them, although there are those who say that he confused with nature and this came to her. Regardless of which side you're on, Crocodile Hunter: Heading for a Clash is not a very good movie. I’m sure this will help if you are a big fan of Steve Irwin, but even if this is the case, there is no guarantee that you will like this movie, as some fans were clearly not impressed. In fact, it seems that some of them considered this film worse than I, therefore, perhaps, this WILL NOT HELP. As I said, there is no guarantee. I would say that whatever you think about Steve Irwin and his show, this film was unnecessary. An attempt to combine what was usually seen in Crocodile Hunter, with a fictional story, unfortunately failed, and the viewer may find that this film seems to be longer than ninety minutes!
