Forest of the Damned begins with the fact that five young friends, brother and sister Emilio (Richard Cambridge) and Ellie (Sophie Holland) along with Judd (Daniel McLaughan), Molly (Nicole Petty) and Andrew (David Hood), are sent for a week long vacation "in the middle of nowhere", their words are not mine. Anyway, before they find out about it, they are deep in the forest, and Emilio clumsily runs into a woman (Francis da Costa) along with a badly wounded man to add to their problems, the van in which they are traveling does not start, and They can not get any signals on their mobile phones. They need to quickly find help so that Molly and Judd will leave in the hope of finding a home, as time goes on and darkness begins to fall, it becomes clear that they are not alone and that something unpleasant is hiding in the forest ... <br /> <br This English production was written and directed by Johannes Roberts, and she looked through several other comments and reviews, both here on IMDb and on the Internet. The “Forest of the Damned” seems to share the opinion of some who like it, and others don’t, it personally did nothing at all. The script is credited to Roberts, but here, on IMDb, he lists Joseph London with “additional material for the script,” whatever that means, the film is your basic backwood-type thing, such as “Texas Chainsaw Massacre” (1974 ), with your main homeless teenager. the victims clash, but use an interesting concept of fallen angels who roam the woods and kill people for a reason that is never explained by any great satisfaction. Then there is Stephen, who is always played by the fantastic Tom Savini, who is never given any excuse for what he does. Is he there to get sacrifices for angels? If so, why did he kill Andrew by hitting his head? The story is very free, it never looked like a real movie. The nature of the bad, the dialogue is not much better, and the absence of any significant history makes it difficult to understand or care about everything that happens. Having said that, he is moving at a reasonable pace, and there are several decent scenes here. <br /> <br /> Director Johannes doesn’t do anything special, it’s not particularly stylish or a flash movie to watch. There are some decent horror scenes, and Tom Savini’s character is great when he's on the screen (although why didn't he hear Judd breaking the door with an ax while running off with Molly?), And it's a shame when he gets killed. There are several decent bloody scenes, someone's head was broken, someone was decapitated, someone had a shotgun at a shotgun, someone had their throats cut, someone had their lips bitten off, and someone's lips were torn in half. There is also a sufficient amount of full frontal nudity of the female body, but this does not help much. <br /> <br /> Technically, the Forest of the Damned is fine, it's pretty well made, but nothing special or attractive. It was filmed in England and Wales, and it is rather strange to see the English setting for a very American themed horror in the opposite direction. The game is generally pretty bad, with the exception of Savini, who deserves to be better than this. The horror filmmaker Sean Hutson has an awkward cameo at the end, and he proves that he should write more than shoot. <br /> <br /> “The Forest of the Damned” was a rather poor horror movie, it seems he has fans, so maybe I’m missing something, but this isn’t the movie I really like. Apart from one or two decent moments here there is not much to recommend.
