From the very beginning this film was terrible! Why is it so bad ?? If they are not naked women who need not only a decent plastic surgeon, but also the experience of a dentist, followed by a free hand after colgate whitening !! Then this is a “crazy” old guy at the gas station who is not that crazy, but more “I'm not sure how to behave myself, so I will look straight ahead and look as stupid as I can, pretending to scream in robotic tones Something in the forest "!! Then go back to those nymphs in need of gingivitis treatment ... obviously not touching you ... and this is according to the opening scene ... they can cause an unpleasant red rash on your neck, which I assumed that the piece of flesh is missing but just It looks like it can be done with some TCP to clear it straight. Then you have Sophie Holland, who plays Ellie, I have never seen such an acting, she looks more like "me, me, me, if I I am having fun, nobody else, and I do not want to do this, so I will not, and I am the wicked cow on the planet, I am sarcastic, petty, and if I don’t get things in my own way, I will sulk! ”such a person ... reminds me more than 6 of your attitude towards the old girl. I don't think it's worth even mentioning the scary camera angles that remind me of Blair the Witch, or how low-budget the film really was when Judd cracked the locked door, he was actually open before he got to unlocking. it is on the other hand !! This film is absolutely funny! If it was a fake, then it would be successful ... only, though, but, like a horror film, it was just wrong !!! I can not even describe everything that happened in this film, and I would not have enough space! Although it was fun to watch Andrew dripping raspberry juice into his ear every time he opens his mouth, while Tom Savini’s character didn’t notice the two people hiding under the table right in his field of vision !! It was even funnier when these two thought they could run away on a damn tractor, which, as we all know, is your number one hated car to get stuck, since it's damn slow! So it is surprising that they do not get away with it ?? And how many people do you know who can cut their wrist and then run around for hours as if nothing happened! No pain, no weakening from blood loss, nothing!? But the stupidest part is when suddenly (and I mean literally) it is YEAR later, and Molly is still wandering through the forest after escaping from the nymphs, and then, miraculously, Sean Hutson picks it up ... certainly not without a line to promote your books! (although, admittedly, he is one of my favorite authors), but suddenly, completely without a hint of xplanation, about how and why ... she herself is angry and lures Hutson to his death, then from the very beginning we turn to to a crazy dude suddenly, wandering through the woods with a gas canister, even after his “dazzling” idea of ​​why no one should risk there for any reason ... it's silly to shout nymphs at each other while the Crazy person spills gasoline everywhere. ... and now the movie ends .... finally! My conclusion is .... if you have not yet guessed it ... absolute rubbish! There was no right thought, no matter who aimed the camera, you need to shoot ... and, if you think about it, 99% of the actors did the same! If the correct director, actors and budget are behind it, it could be decent. But, again, low-budget English horror films, but the rest of the genre, the country and the English film industry - a shame !! (And I am an Englishman, so I am allowed to say this)! In fact, the only worthy and exciting part of the film is the first 15-20 minutes, when we watch it take turns at night and day over the field type. All I was thinking about during all this was: “Jesus Christ in Heaven, oh, why did you let someone do this, the testicles of his absolute cow !!” But I can't turn off the film after I started watching it , Unfortunately. After that, I had to watch “From Dusk Till Dawn” to remind myself that Tom Savini has good behavior in him! If there was a 0/10 option, believe me, I would choose it, because this film is not even worth what I gave it! <br /> <br /> But this is just my opinion, watch him and decide for yourself.
