This film actually works with a rather original idea - I have never seen nymphs that were thrown from heaven in a horror film before. However, the way it implements this idea is by no means original; we are following a group of children who for some reason decide to go on a trip to the forest. The fact that the forest is inhabited by these nymphs makes it more interesting than just another forest filled with gobies / nuts / zombies, etc.; but in reality, monsters are just a kind of general horror in the theme of the forest. Many films of this kind do not have a single good idea - and it would seem that this one only raped brain cells. The only real asset monsters bring to the table is that they are beautiful women who are craved by characters, and not disgusting grotesques from whom they want to escape. This is good until a certain point; but it soon becomes boring, and the almost complete absence of any background history concerning the central monsters ensures that the film never leaves the category of “horrors”. <br /> <br /> Years have passed since the Evil Dead made wooded land a major horror scene, and despite films such as The Blair Witch Project; it still makes for an excellent horror setting. This is one of the main advantages of the film, because the forest creates a good impression of the unknown - the only problem is that the Forest of the Damned seems never to be in the thick of things. The death sequences demonstrate a clear lack of imagination, and the fact that all the characters are shaded to the extreme does not help, as you are most likely waiting for them to be killed, and not hoping that they can leave. The cast consists mainly of children, but there is a role for Tom Savini; which, unfortunately, can not have fun in the department of special effects. The only real moment in the film concerning the staff is with the nymphs themselves. Naked ladies tend to look great, and if not for them, this film would be very boring very quickly. There is nothing to recommend this film really; but if you need a silly little horror movie, reminiscent of eighties forest films, you can find some fun here.
