People tried to make me believe that the premise of this filthy supernatural horror / thriller was inspired by the actual last words spoken by a genuine serial killer (whose name eludes me at the moment). Waiting for an electric chair, he claimed that his soul would return to life and continue the endless murder. By the way, this is not a very original idea - to make a horror film. Other low-budget turkeys have implemented the same basic premise as House 3, Shocker, and Ghost in the Car. In any case, “The First Force” (a.k.a “Pentagram”) is not an absolutely terrible effort, but the script excessively returns to cliches and lacks genuine thrill. The film begins with a normal, albeit ordinary, serial killer, in which the obsessed police hero Lu Diamond Phillips pursues a maniac who carves bloody pentagrams into the chests of his victims. He gets unexpected help from a spiritual mediator, played by the magnificent and undervalued Tracy Griffith. She leads him to the killer, but also pleads not to execute him, as this will lead to an even greater catastrophe! Thanks to the helpful tips from Tess, Detective Logan quickly captures the killer and marks his death penalty, but Patrick Channing made a pact with Satan himself and returns to the rotten streets of California to commit another murder. The “first force” becomes very bad when the killer reincarnates into a vengeful spirit. Instead of using his newly acquired satanic abilities to destroy the whole world (this is what I would do in his position), Channing simply prefers to play cat and mouse games with his sworn enemy in copper. He calls him “buddy” all the time and possesses the bodies of Logan’s friends and colleagues to deceive him. Despite the fact that this film is never boring or poorly implemented, it is a very weak film, mainly because you constantly have a sense of deja vu. Writer / director Robert Resnikoff shamelessly uses every terrible cliche (the killer has been sexually abused in childhood), and even the lines of players can be easily predicted. As soon as Griffith explains that she is able to predict the future, you simply know that somewhere at some point in the film she is going to say a ridiculously overloaded line: “I tell people who live their lives, but my own life is a mess” . Yon The performance of Lou Diamond Philips is quite adequate, but it is rather difficult to take the young rebel La Bamba and Stand And Deliver as serious as a solid boiler. There are also worthy supporting roles for Mikelty Williamson (Forrest Gump), Carmen Arcanziano (“When a Stranger Calls”) and the horror legend of the B-film David Gale (“The Rescuer”) appears in a tiny cameo at the very beginning of the film.
