Awful Awful Awful No, I did not like it. It was obvious what the purpose of the film was: to track the looping on the “movers and shakers” that produced the film. In some cases, these are people who present themselves as different from themselves. I don't need a film to tell me how small people are in the movie industry. I guess I’m really guilty because I was expecting something like a "Roman Holiday". <br /> <br /> I am not a film director and do not take film lessons, but it seemed to me that the film consists of a series of “two shots” (mostly), where the actors (!) were given a free storyline, and they should have improvised a dialogue. Henry Yaglon claims that he and Victoria Foyt actually wrote the script, but it seemed that the actors, conscious of the general direction of the film, infuriated the dialogue - and it was not always successful. A similar example was the case when Ron Silver made some remark that didn’t really follow the line of conversation (and I’m not going to go back to look for it!), And Greta Scacchi burst out laughing, although they had to have a serious conversation, because Silver's remark was so unfunny. You also have the impression that one actor is intentionally trying to “make a mistake” with another actor and to disrupt his / her concentration. Another case is when the producer says “to bring documents & *% # @ # ^” (3 times). Silver looked literally lost for words. I saw another film that looked like a series of drama workshops on improvisation, and that was terrible too! <br /> <br /> The fact that Yaglon was able to attract Greta Scacchi (a stranger to Australia), Ron Silver, Anouk Ami and Maximilian Shell suggest that it was a “week of slow news” for them. Pyotr Bogdanovich always had the expression “what the hell am I doing here,” and I expected him to say: “Look, I’m a director and screenwriter, not an actor” - that it would be unnecessary to state! Fei Dunaway seemed more interested in promoting her son Liam. In addition to the sharp transmission of the dialogue, the hand-held camera became annoying, even if it was for credibility - I suspect there was a “natural” dialogue - and interest in the leaders became equated with interest in various young people walking along the strand trying to penetrate the shot. This is at least close to Cinema Verite. So, along with annoying French singing, during which I used the mute button, a total of more than 90 minutes were depressing. <br /> <br /> I think we should avoid such films. Attempting to see value in a film, where it does not matter much to prove the perceived transcendental level, is erroneous. This was nothing avant-garde. It was not a work of art, and yet it was not a documentary. I know it was a driving moment, but the real test is whether it is entertaining. I was bored from my skull! He really did have one redemption function: he correctly uttered Cannes, so I gave 3/10.
