"I do not understand. None of this makes any sense! - exclaims one angry character at the end of "Smiles of death when killing." Just sitting in this confused mess of the film, I know exactly what it feels. The story of the film director Aristide Massacesi (good old Joe D'Amato, using his real name for a change) is a clumsy mixture of supernatural, murder / mystery and pretentious artistic trash, like which those who admire the garbage of the 70s will probably like for example, by Jess Franco's stranger efforts, but because of which I tried my best to remain conscious. <br /> <br /> Starting with a hunchback, mourning the death of his beautiful sister (with whom he had an incestuous romance before eventually losing her because of a dashing doctor), Death Smiles at Murder soon becomes very confused when The same woman (played by Ewa Aulin, who plays the main role in the equally strange "Death Laid Egg") will be seen alive and healthy, the only survivor of the bus accident that occurs outside the estate of Walter and Eva von Ravensbrück. Having received an invitation to stay and recover in their home, where she is usually pursued by the creepy Dr. Sturges (Klaus Kinsky in a disgusting role), a pretty girl begins a love relationship with both Mr. and Mrs. Ravensbrück (that is, the audience is treated). for some short but desirable scenes about love and lesbians). <br /> <br /> “So far so good,” I thought to myself: “We had hunchbacks, incest, some blood and guts, and unreasonable female nudity — all components of the great crappy euro-horror; however, it follows that Massaces is an unsuccessful attempt to combine giallo-style murders, ghostly events and even elements from Edgar Poe's Black Cat to tell a very stupid, completely confusing and ultimately extremely boring story of revenge from the grave. <br /> <br /> This film seems to have quite a few IMDb fans, but if I had a choice, I would have preferred to watch one of the director’s sloppy films that appeared later in his career; I think that the incomprehensible, winding, surrealistic gothic horror of the 70s is not mine! 2.5 out of 10 (purely for cheesy smell of blood), rounded up to 3 for IMDb.
