Horror fans (I’ve been talking for more than 12 years, although if you’re under 12, I apologize for what you can consider an insult): In short, if you like it, your imagination is disturbed by well-written, original storytelling, accented by the unpredictable well Planted panic and delivered with the help of convincing speeches, I can wholeheartedly recommend - AVOID THESE GREENHOUSES - made by directors who, obviously, have long since sold their sales by date. Not by chance almost every episode looks as if it was made in the 1980s. Do not put the blame directly on the shoulders of some of these old boys (or even the 80s), because wherever we were without certain films, such as Argento, Carpenter, Landis, Dante and Barker (Actually, Clive, WTF you do in there ?! I am glad to see that Romero had the common sense to miss him, as I am sure that he was asked to take part ...). More likely, we should point a finger at the creator Mick Harris, whose powers include logic, challenging and depressingly ill-advised television remake of Stanley Kubrick's masterpiece The Shining. <br /> <br /> This may be an indication of the state of television today. Do we really lack a good television horror, that we applaud any old casual shocks that nets emit to our televisions? Unfortunately, maybe so. <br /> <br /> I usually see no point in adding a comment that does not prove the disadvantages and merits of the production, I would simply rate it accordingly. However, since this series is extremely short of any merits (except, perhaps, the only exception to the theme's melody), I write this more as a warning than a review: do not waste your time and money. If you do not agree with me, then most likely you have not seen enough decent horror. Perhaps the earlier films of some of these directors would have been a much better place to start, but if these “Masters of Horror” were only evaluated for this work, they would never be allowed to graduate even with a bachelor's degree. Unless, of course, they studied for a degree at the University of C ** t.
