Honestly, the concept of "Masters of Horror" had to do with this. Major horror directors, who now stayed away from the fact that the industry got a chance to re-direct the horrors, I was all for that from the very beginning. That is, until I watched a few episodes ... Oh, boy, this is really a bad TV. Not only are directors given very little money to control their skits, but there are also guidelines, such as shooting in HD. In short, this is bad for both artistic and financial reasons. I cannot but compare “Stories from the Crypt” and M.O.Kh. episodes really don't compare. TFTC was good, MH was bad; in my opinion, here are a few keys explaining this: TFTC was shorter (about 25 minutes for each episode) than MOH (50 minutes per episode), I believe that it allowed you to create more dense scenarios, with good ideas that are more frequent, Better review of the episode, less likely to allow the plot to be confusing or boring. Duration may also have been the reason that the budget was better spent on TFTC: the directors should have REAL music film composers (composers on MOH, if they don’t have them at all, very bad), REAL actors (whereas on MOH it’s nothing else as an unknown actor after an unknown actor!), REAL photo directors and, sometimes it can help, REAL film cameras (while the MOH is being shot on HD cameras with very wrong lenses), as a result TFTC episodes looked and felt “cinematographic in the sense that real actors were filmed there, from Michael J. Fox to Tim Roth, Kyle MacLachlan and Kirk Douglas, but there were also film composers from the series of Alan Silvestri, great photo directors such as Dean Candy elite screenwriters and in this sense each “Fairy Tale” was a small film of its kind. Compared to TFTC, “Masters of Horror” is a rather unconvincing approach to television horror. It’s very hard to watch this if your standards for cinematography are slightly above average, because it looks just like any ugly TV series, if not worse. It gets boring and even annoying incredibly quickly, usually within the first 10 minutes. Actors have never been heard from before the imitators (with the exception of Fairuza Balk, Robert Englund, Angela Bettis and some, but even there they are the only known actors of their episodes). The MoH’s director base was good at first, but it gets worse and worse with each episode: now, even if the directors are unknown to the world, what remains? Nothing! And it’s funny that they have completely unknown directors, although they didn’t even have, say, Stan Winston, Dick Maas, William Lusztig, Sam Raymi, Eric Red, Robert Harmon, William Friedkin, Jim Muro, Stuart Gordon, Russell Mulcahy. .. If even “Masters of Horror” cannot bring dead directors back to life, who will? Maybe the repetition of the tales from the crypt will be.
