I first heard about Unisol 2 when I was driving past a cinema when I was on vacation in America. I really didn’t pay much attention to this until I bought the original on DVD, which made me learn about its three sequels. Subsequently, I began to read about “Returning” to IMDB and asked friends what they thought about it. Despite their terrible criticism, I still tried my best to see it and was on the verge of buying it until I saw it for hire on DVD. I did not expect much, but I thought it must be half decent to get a theatrical release in the USA, after all, how often do you see Van Damme on the big screen? Well, nothing could prepare me for this. It is so bad that I almost cried. What a total loss of 80 minutes and 2.50 pounds. It is difficult to explain how bad this move is. Fair. This is an idiotic movie. No, this is more than idiocy. I just can not believe how it happened. I can't believe that someone there didn't kill Mick Rogers. How stupid people can be - firstly, Van Damme really thinks that the script and the finished film are good. Secondly, the fact that Xander Berkeley from Terminator 2 and Air Force One received the status of this film. I just can not believe the stupidity of this film. He takes himself so seriously, but hits the audience like a parody. Here is an example: the daughter of JCVD ​​(yes, Luke is now a man again) - “I want my dad”, SETH - “And I, too.” Oh yeah, and some guy is trying to disable SETH by pulling three huge levers with - wait for it - ON and OFF written on them. Acting is similar to acting in kindergarten. I am sure that Mr. Director modeled the reporter's friend Luke in April O'Neill from the cartoon "Teenage Mutant Turtles" - she refuses to go because she "... needs her story." I mean, come on - how many clichés can a movie use? Please listen to me, other IMDB users - do not touch this with the help of a barge. In conclusion, Universal Soldier: The Return has nothing to do with the first film. In fact, if they weren't called UniSols, you would never know that this is a continuation. Luke is now human again - what the hell!?! The only place in which he can access the Internet is the strip club. All the new Uni Sols look like they were pulled out of the street, they are so flimsy. Watching this is a real torture, so do yourself a favor - do not torture yourself. P.S. - The best part of the film: Romeo jumps off the building and screams "Oh, shit."
