We start with Colonel Luke Devereaux (Van Damme), the original Universal Soldier and his lush Asian friend who is being pursued with the flow, the Universal Soldiers, it seems. They almost kill two, then wait, it was just a field test. Deveraux, which we found, is now part of a government-funded company that is developing a new level of Universal Soldiers. Why he would like to participate in this (if you know something about the original) is never explained and goes beyond my understanding. <br /> <br /> It is after this fragile staged part that the real story begins. The United States government cut the budget for the Universal Soldier project and during this angered SETH (a large computer with an artificial mainframe that controls Universal Soldiers). Naturally, it will not be closed without a fight. Thus, this means that Van Damme must go and remove all new breeds of Universal Soldiers. It sounds like a funny idea for an action movie and a sequel, but that doesn't stop him from becoming damn stupid. <br /> <br /> For example, one of the new universal soldiers is Bill Goldberg. It seems you can’t go wrong by choosing a fighter in an action movie. He is big, he is tough, right? Wrong. Wang Damme seems to have no problem wiping his floor ... once ... twice ... three times. The point here is lost to me. Then there is the breaking of the glass. The elementary part of any action movie, but someone must have a glass fetish. You should see scenes of fighting in particular. Let's not talk about how no one cuts himself or at least slips. Then, to put the cherry on top of this train wreck, they have a SETH (computer) that protects the human body for themselves and how appropriate it is when they make the villain black (Michael Jay White). Nothing works better than a white good guy fighting a black bad guy. Potentially offensive and just frankly lame. He also does not replace Dolph. <br /> <br /> Universal Soldier 2 is a lousy sequel. It's loud, it's stupid, and it doesn't care. The original was not something poetic, but it had a simple meaning with an element of science fiction and entertained at a basic level. The continuation is not. However, they keep running for less than ninety minutes and somehow find a way to squeeze in a strip club sequence. So give credit where credit is due.
