Well, I saw this movie to get the standard for the bad, but with this movie this is the best Unisol film currently plotted Luc Devereaux is now a technical expert who works with the government with his partner Maggie, who has gone through countless hours of training and fighting , to improve and perfect the UniSol program, to create a new, stronger breed of soldiers that will be more sophisticated, clever and clever. All new Unisols, which are faster and stronger than their predecessors, are connected through an artificially intelligent computer system called SETH, the Self-Developing Thought of Helix. When SETH discovers that the Universal Soldier program is closed due to budget cuts, he takes matters into his own hands to protect himself. Killing those who are trying to turn off his power, and freeing his platoon of super-soldiers led by muscular Romeo, SETH spares Devereaux only because Devereaux has the secret code necessary to deactivate the firmware that disables SETH. down in a matter of hours. With the help of a hacker named Squid SETH takes on a human appearance. Not only does Luke have to fight the ambitious reporter Erin, who will not leave his side, but Luke also has to fight General Radford, who wants to take extreme measures to stop SET. CET also kidnapped the wounded 13-year-old daughter of Luke Hillary and now holds her hostage. Luke is the only person who can save Hillary, because Luke knows firsthand how UniSol thinks, feels and fights. Now there are problems, like in any film, as someone found it strange, how a reporter just happened to be there, and soldiers can put up with a truck, however, when Vanna Damme shoots them with a single bullet from a pistol, and they die and the final battle was incredible when Luke is now human, and Seth is 5 times stronger and faster than any other Unisol, and Luke can get a blow from him. with the last fight, when Luke smashes him into pieces, I was very surprised that the pieces did not melt or change him (Terminator 2). Another thing that bothers me is how the hell Vanna Damme attracts good actors to play with relatives. I mean, in the case of Vann Damm, this is completely different from the kind of fiction this film is. The musical score should now contain a mention of whether you have ever listened to a song in which you would prefer to cut the board well with a knife. Universal Soldier 2 is the same. The good points are that there is no Dolph (URA), and unlike the 1st there is only one naked scene, whereas in the 1st there are many (I am still haunted by the scenes in # 1), and the actors have some talent while in the first cast, the guys were sadists (if you don't believe me, take a look)
