After watching the low-budget shitty versions of the Universal Soldier franchise, I hoped and prayed that Van Damme would repeat his role of Luke Devoire in the second Unisol film. Well, it seemed that this prayer was heard, but not in the way I hoped. Universial Soldier 2 just reads poetry intensively at your local library. No, even that would be more intriguing. The battle sequences are Bruce Lee's first-class quality, which is the only redemptive factor in all this pathetic excuse for the movie. This and the presence of the former legendary cool guy WCW "Goldberg", playing the villain. However, it would be better if Goldberg was Seth's sidekick assistant. <br /> <br /> We offended me the most about setting up the movie itself. This is similar to how some of the film school students hit him. The holes in the plot are so large that the ego of Kanye West is what really made this film. For example: Luke's daughter, Hillary, looks as if she is at least 11-13 years old, and the first film was shot only seven years ago. How is this possible? Tell me, what! The part in which his partner Luke was killed and turned into Unisol is simply damn ridiculous! You want to tell me that at the beginning of the film in the basement of the research complex was exposed nude experimental Unisol. C'mon. The director could spend more time with this film, like the first, and sew up all the holes in the plot. But Nooo! <br /> <br /> Talking about the plot, it sucks! Compared with the first film, the plot of Universal Soldier 2 has become more blurred and useless. Where are the thrills in which Unisol goes berserk, and then plays his last memories in the frenzy of a supermarket, thinking that this is Desert Storm or something like that? It was the dawn of the millennium, you would have attracted more audience if it happened in a dystopian / orwellian type of future cesspool. The roots are the correct adjective to describe this sad, sad, sad sequel. <br /> <br /> From what I have seen: Double Impact, Under Siege 2, Robocop 3 and hell, even a fake Terminator with a cheap ass / class “Class 1999” is more interesting than this!
