The mind strikes what it is in Universal Soldier that deserves to continue. Since the real star, Dolph Lundgren, will not be able to repeat his role from the original, there is already a scant reason to pamper yourself with this obvious tax write-off. Brave attempts are being made to fill this gap with professional wrestler Bill Goldberg and martial arts expert Michael Jay White. To their credit, they give their action sequences a good feeling of excitement. Bill Goldberg looks as if he has time on the set of this film, and he makes a fair blow to filling in the necessary role of a comedic villain. This time, his role is to repeat the same line several times, and this is not annoying. The problem from the point of view of the audience is that none of these gentlemen have a sense of comic time or little humility, which makes Lundgren such a pleasure to watch in almost all his films. And therein lies the problem. You are not going to watch a Van Dam movie because you want serious action. You go because you need a comedy, albeit an unintended one. <br /> <br /> Unknown to many people, the Universal Soldier was followed by two sequels right on the video. I saw only the first, which had such poor production values, that one can only wonder if it was some kind of difficult joke. Matt Battaglia was so terrible in the role of Luke Devereaux that this time in his career, the sight of Jean-Claude Van Damme was a welcome relief. The film more or less completely ignores the stories about the aforementioned sequels to the video, and instead begins a completely new story, set indefinitely after the events of the original. After years of research and explanation, the Unisol project is still ongoing, with a few changes. On the one hand, the new unis are stronger and more resistant to damage than their earlier cousins. On the other hand, all Unisols are now under the control of the SETH supercomputer. In the first parts of the film, SETH exists primarily as a series of abstract graphics in a glass dome. <br /> <br /> Since the film lasts no more than eighty minutes, we are quickly told that funding for the military is cut. The Unisol project is in the cutting block, which essentially means that the SETH will be disabled. Seth, somehow listening to this conversation with the help of means that are never really explained, decides to mobilize Unisows as an army against those who are trying to stop him. His only problem is that from time to time it is required to enter the code into his system in order to prevent an automatic shutdown. Two people have this code. SETH kills the first in a short time, and those who are familiar with the plot kit from which Van Damme's films are built, will guess within five seconds who the second is. The rest of the film revolves around Unisols trying to pull the code out of Van Damme without causing him too much harm. The plot with his daughter and the reporter is woven into the film, but he adds to the story as much as Van Damme does in the acting profession. <br /> <br /> The movie is loaded to the brim with ridiculous lines and clichés. When SETH transplants its command module into the body of Michael J White, we get a speech about how the time of people passed. He continues to tell his foot soldiers that fear and mortality will be the weakness of humanity. Gee, Seth, you mean they will not be our strengths? Joke to the side, the short length of the film - and the weakness of the film, and its strength. This leaves the action without adequate tuning. In the original, we are given a very detailed explanation of Unisols, how they work, and how they are brought into a state that is seen in most films. Here, the author seems to take for granted that the viewer knows what Unisol is and how they work. At least in the original, a moment of curiosity and surprise was created, leaving an explanation later in the film when the hero lies in a tub with ice. Here one of the villains is shot from a pistol, which leaves huge holes in his form (and, probably, in his body), getting up every time, not stopping to breathe. <br /> <br /> I tend to reserve one for movies that are so bad that they become completely unintended. If you can see it on the cheap, knock yourself out. This is the film that makes me mourn the loss of the Mystical Theater of Science.
