From the point of view of a pitiful Milan subclass, this film was probably quite indicative at the time. However, I get the feeling that neo-realism was never really the bag of director De Sica, because here he decided to try to create some modern fable based on the boy, whom the old town found in shreds of cabbage. After spending most of his childhood in a shelter, Toto lives in the slums of Milan. It organizes residents into social activities and supports their mood, turning around with an annoyingly constant smile on their face and checking them on their temporary tables. The fact that no one tells him where to put his temporary tables is beyond my power, since these people have much more important things, for example, about where the next noodles come from. In any case, De Sica then uses a sublimely subtle dramatic device to pinpoint exactly why these poor creatures are where they are. Of course, everything depends on capitalism, and in order to illustrate this, he forced the unfortunate to open a source of oil on his land. Brilliant! To his credit, however, by this time he had stopped making a serious film, and the capitalists look like harsh cartoons, all fur coats and cigars. They want this land, but our mathematical hero will not support such nonsense. By a strange chance of luck, his old, deceased keeper of cabbage days appears in the sky and gives him a magic dove. He uses it to pour gifts to his comrades who are as greedy as cigars. I believe that this film was a missed opportunity. Considering the topic of poverty, as not many filmmakers have done before, and then get into a fairy tale, it seems to me a little silly. Why are “great” directors getting away with plot twists, similar to the ones we see here? Hans Christian Anderson would probably have given up on the idea that poor people flew over the Milan Duomo and climb brooms. De Sica, however, is declared a genius for this. Undoubtedly, the fact that the narrator is working is enough that these people are so poor that their faith is unwavering and that miracles never happen to them. <br /> <br />
