When I was 16 years old, I saw the documentary "The Fun Thing That Happened on the Way to the Moon." I really loved, and believed in it for several years. But then I grew up and started thinking, and when I was looking for more information. These are: more information from reel sources and unbiased sources. When I recently entered the university, I asked an assistant professor of astronomy about these conspiracy theories. What he said shocked me: he said that all those theories are false. It confused me, I did not believe it at first, but then he presented the evidence of his claims. He quickly debunked most of the theories on this topic: "people did not go to the moon." The most offensive statement was that the Apollo ship could not travel through the Van Allen radiation belt without the crew dying from radiation. The truth is that the Americans use a secret aluminum anti-radiation alloy. This is not so well known. And exact specifications are secret. And why is it a secret: well, why should they reveal it then ?? If they were in the space race with the Russians, then it would be VERY stupid to report that they have a new technology that can protect the crew from radiation. <br /> <br /> And the biggest proof: Moonstones. When the Apollo missions went to the moon, they brought a lot of stones from the moon to pass on to geologists and similar scientists who document everything about the moon. These stones and stones are in fact from the moon. Because: the internal basic elements of which all matter is composed also consist of special isotopes, which differ from career to career, from earth to earth, and especially from planet to planet. It is proved that the isotopes of these stones and stones do not originate from the earth. Astronauts brought home hundreds of kilograms of these stones, it is proved that they all came from outside the Earth and from one planet. Ergo: lunar landings where there is no fake. NASA really went to another planet: the moon, although it is not a planet, but a satellite of the planet, the moon (duu). These stones were common in laboratories and universities around the world. It was proved: people really went to the moon - this is an urgent fact. <br /> <br /> But I don’t worry: most conspiracy theorists are usually unemployed and uneducated, which is why they don’t. know or lie about these facts. The fact remains: people went to the moon.
