From its boring title to flat acting, Curdled is a very unremarkable film throughout. The film won admirers due to the fact that Quentin Tarantino’s name is attached to it, and a stupid and inappropriate nod to Rodriguez / Tarantino’s film From Dusk Till Dawn. These things, however, do not make a good film, and this is more than obvious throughout "Curdled". The film suffers from a too obvious lack of ideas, and he is trying to disguise it with murders, which should be stylish, and events that should cause concern. The music of Mexican music that accompanies many episodes in the film should obviously be great, but it annoys very quickly; especially when you consider that the main character is Mexican, it does not match the tone of the film. The plot of the film is usually unusual, and it follows the hound, which, because of its obsession with horrific murders, takes a job at a firm that cleans up the scenes of the murders. It sounds boring, and it is. <br /> <br /> William Baldwin is the only “name” on the cast list, and even he is not impressed. He was not allowed to do anything in the film, and besides talking to his victims and standing, trying to look threatening, he was largely wasted. Angela Jones, more precisely; The taxi driver from Pulp Fiction plays a leading role as a young woman obsessed with murder, and it is always clear that it was her participation in Pulp Fiction that brought her the role, and not her acting skills. Perhaps she was good enough in her small role in Tarantino’s masterpiece, but she doesn’t have the talent to film the movie herself. She looks lost and out of place for most of the film, and if not for her Latin American accent; she will not convince the public that she is an eccentric at any level. Cottage cheese is an absolutely resistant piece of forgotten garbage. Such films have often won praise for fiction or black comedic antics; but this failure at all levels. Are you a Tarantino fan, a William Baldwin fan, a horror fan, or just a movie lover; This is one to skip.
