It is quite possible that this is the most backward slasher of the 80s, ever realized, but how can you be sharp in the film, which presents nonstop images of dozens of gorgeous ladies with exciting bodies, doing aerobic exercises, taking a shower and wandering in narrow gyms? Before becoming a horror film, Aerobicide is a 90-minute promotional video that encourages the use of steroids, silicones, and other body-stimulating products for fitness. If you missed all the footage about how healthy guys lift weights, and delicious girls swing their asses and stand in the unbearable melodies of the 80s, you probably have only about 15 minutes of history left. Enough time to improvise a conspiracy about a sadistic killer who kills young health psychos with a big pin (yes ??). The film begins with an unintentionally hilarious scene in which a girl is fried between electric sunbathing appliances. A few years later, people are dead in the same resort. You really don't need to be an experienced horror fanatic or a rocket scientist to find out if there is a link between the killings and the burning incident, right? The investigation is being investigated by a policeman, apparently a madman (and similar to Charles Napier!) And a private steak detective who was lucky with the most brutal beauty of the 80s I have ever seen! Looking through the captions, her name is Diane Copeland, apparently, and she did nothing more, except for this turkey and the stupid film “Troma” entitled “Surf Nazis Must Die”. What a missed opportunity! She may not have been a good actress, but she probably had two other BIG advantages that would help her move into show business. The amount of blood and the quality of the makeup are not special. We were treated to a pair of fancy knife wounds with a pin and fried human flesh. The plot twists near the end are ridiculous and predictable, but by that time no one else takes the film seriously. "Aerobicide" (a.k.a. "Killer Workout") is recommended if you want to turn off all the functions of your brain for one night, but nevertheless want to watch a movie! It would really make a terrific double function with "Death Spa". In both films, a lot of sexy and barely dressed kids ?? and both films are pretty dumb.
