At first glance, this film seems to be dealing with a psychological process called individuation, that is, how to become a true self by adopting the so-called dark side of human nature. Thus, we have Darkling, a classic shadow devilish being, desperately looking for a company (that is, recognition) of people, and the story revolves around the different ways in which this need is handled, more or less successfully. <br /> <br /> However, if you dig a little deeper, we will find that this film is actually about how you should treat your car just like any other person: Character (male auto mechanic, fallen from grace collects fragments from car accidents with his daughter, when a car accident almost breaks up a little girl. Lesson number 1: Cars are people embodied in immortal souls, and theft from car accidents is identical to robbery in a grave. The wicked have disturbed the dead and are to be punished. - Immediately after this, another character (Rubin) buys a car accident, intending to repair it and sell it, like the once lost, now found, famous race car, and the seller warns him. Lesson number 2: Like any other person, the car has a unique personality that cannot be changed or replaced. In addition, there is a twist in which Rubin actually sees the hidden quality in what most people consider to be just garbage, but ultimately this quality becomes a projection of Rubin's personal personal thirst for greater profits. Lesson number 3: Never consider your car as a means, but always as an end in itself. - then we have a scene where the main character gets acquainted with Rubin and, more importantly, with the Rubin machine: the assessment of the main qualities of the car hero is based not only on its appearance, but also on a thorough study of the engine room. Lesson number 4: A car is not just judged by its appearance, but what is inside really matters. Those who do not remember this lesson face punishment, as we see in the scene where another person is trying to sell the Ruby to a fake collection car. By the way, this scene also underlines the importance of lesson No. 3. <br /> <br /> In the film on the theme “car = man”, there are many other examples, and I am too tired to bother to quote them all, but the essence it remains (and I think that this is what I am really trying to say) that this film is interesting to watch if you have nothing else to do - or if you are a faithful car.
