The Darkling was a very interesting and interesting film in which F. Murray Abraham participated. Spoilers: Approximately halfway through F. Murray gets hit, because Dark is some kind of demon-like creature who likes to live in the yard. He takes the homeless and losers and perverts them, giving them everything they want in terms of success. He feeds on their enjoyment of the Seven Deadly Sins. However, this is partly due to the fact that he needs people who may be mistaken, but not completely evil. Otherwise, he cannot “pervert” their natural kindness. This is what the little guy said with his voice to Barry White, which seemed to me charming and funny. Basically fun. For example, imagine Barry White, if he was a little gnome and said to Aiden Gillen: “Plane Dee, Plane Dee, Bose, here go, Plane Dee!” Gillen in Barry White’s voice, saying something like, “It's normal, be bad, you know you want it.” “Now you have committed murder, you are really moving up the world” and other remarks that sound like commercials for “Be Evil” stores or something like that. This is really funny and bad. <br /> <br /> In any case, Aiden Gillen is not F. Murray, Abraham, and the film is made as soon as Murray receives an ax (or a knife?). F. Murray brings a certain happy malevolence of his role in this film. He is a good actor. Aiden Guillen, on the other hand, is constantly smiling on his face, and he looks, maybe, with his corrective English comp. the class never hit the mythological characters, and he could not imagine what the film was about. The END is really creepy and yet almost funny. If this film was a parody, the ending was perfect. If it was not a parody, then it was creepy; but the cheap use of a little girl to deliver an undue benefit that the film itself could not deliver. The people who made this film lost what they wanted to do with it somewhere until the end. It just ends, as if they just realized that they had run out of money, and they had to make a film about the quick final.
