Next to the final stages of “Mommies,” one of the central characters continues to describe the main features of everything that happened before, and sums up that it was all “just a mess”; I really couldn't say it better than that. And although this function occasionally has a strange ray of hope, the vast majority of what is present is too neutered to be considered relevant, and too unremarkable to be worth someone's time. A modest cast, a casual script, and vague cartoon characters ensure that Baby Mama is definitely not taxed by the author, but this is never compensated for by the proposed sense of humor. Consisting mainly of very ordinary, cliche jokes based on a strange couple (rich and poor) trying to live with each other when they are preparing to give birth to a child, the film is too esoteric to laugh beyond its very thin demographics. <br /> <br /> As a love story, it’s not so bad, but if you play this storyline as a sort of side story to work with a comedy-oriented weird pair of tangents, the performance is noticeably weak, which leads to a warm affair that never bubbles. Like the characters themselves, both central figures are slightly funny when assembled in small spaces, but when left alone, they quickly unravel and expose their emptiness; therefore, although we may eventually find the character’s funny interactions with each other, the comedy never forks beyond the distant chuckles; we do not feel for the heroes and do not find them interesting, but rather their dynamics. Unfortunately, however, although this dynamic works better, or at least better than individual characters, as mentioned above, it rarely goes beyond the typical boundaries of an odd-pair formula. <br /> <br /> Kate (Tina Fey) is a successful business woman who hired a working class, stupid blonde Angie (Amy Poehler) to become her unlikely surrogate, and after Angie decides to part with hopeless husband Carl (Dax Shepard), both must ultimately learn to live together, despite their obvious differences. Yes, this is a typical prerequisite for odd couples, and we already saw her this year in the movie “What happens in Vegas”, but at the same time, Baby Mama lacks what was in the above-mentioned film, it’s like chemistry between performers, and half-layer characters. Both Kate and Angie are not able to show most of the personality outside their two-dimensional contour, and therefore both performers do not play the roles that require chemistry for production from air. In fact, the only real exciting presentation and character of the film comes from the underused talents of Romani Malko, who plays the role of the doorman. Of those few times when I laughed during Mommy, most of these moments were because of this man, and the rest usually fell on Shepard. <br /> <br /> Of course, it is rare to find a film that embodies his Themes of the script in how his world is filmed and presented to us through the camera, and yet director Michael McCullers moves quite effectively from page to screen. However, for a film about children, a multi-million dollar business and cultural stereotypes, this is not necessarily a good thing. Baby Mom is a Hummy, a class A plastic tinsel with a large sugar-coated hole. So not only did I feel emotionally distant from the characters because of their two-dimensional nature, but I just did not care about the world in which they lived. The dialogue, together with the decorations, costumes and general themes of the script, are painted in pastel blue and pink tones so that all shades of humanity are lost in the incessant need of the director to make his film feel like a castrated fantasy; these are not characters and this is not our world ?? so why should I care? In the end, however, the final indicator of the success or failure of a romantic comedy comes down solely to its chemistry between love interests and the frequency of laughter; Baby Mom, little happens in any of these departments. Of course, to say that the film has no value at all would be unfair. I’m sure that a female audience in the same boat as Kate’s protagonist might get some benefit from the process, but someone else will probably just feel numb and probably bored. In this regard, Baby Mom avoids being unbearable, but never convinces that she can be something remarkable or worthy of looking at someone outside of her immediate audience; a comedic fool and a romantic mismatch, baby Mom is too light-minded to be interesting, and too superficial to entertain. <br /> <br /> Jamie Robert Ward review (http://www.invocus.net))
