I begin to think that there is a conspiracy, everything is in order: one that includes the money supply paid to those who have access to published columns in newspapers and magazines about cinema and art to ensure that a particular film , despite its gloom, will achieve a higher status through a rating that marks it as “universal acceptance” or something in this range, thus ensuring that unsuspecting people (like me) will roam the cinemas or film a bloody thing, waiting for a surprise, nly to find yourself rushing to the bathroom to get. <br /> <br /> This film is one of them. It definitely makes me bypass any published article that I come across, because it’s pretty clear that two things could happen: either I didn’t get the message that was so hidden under the inner spheres of this film that it would be impossible to access it, or we watched two completely different films with them that bore the same name. 4 - a trick in public. It is not surprising that it appeared and disappeared faster than you can say “smorsgabord”, and that, despite the rating that he received on Metacritic, no one heard about it. Awful with sugar on top. <br /> <br /> Firstly, from the beginning to the end there is the fourth number. Although the small symbolism is fine here and there, and it was done with varying degrees of success in many famous films, this film is suffocated by it. Four dogs at the beginning of the film look into the camera on a previously empty street, when suddenly the car falls to the foreground and begins to break the asphalt. Four people in the bar, although one of them is not a legal entity. Three of them go their own ways, but, nevertheless, are connected not only with each other, but also with what their life is not. Although this concept may work, the film is so writhing — especially with the story of a potential model played by Marina Vovchenko, which enters the territory of an extremely strange and not very successful thing — that the original theme becomes understandable. lost during translation. Or, maybe, as I said, I just “did not understand.” The problem also lies in the fact that so much time is spent on the story of Marina (which is connected with the death of her sister, not less, from chewing on bread and subsequent shrill mourning) that any interest in the inherent surrealism dissipates without a trace. So, if the same horrific stories that the three strangers exchanged at the bar seem true? The director does not spend much time trying to really link them or weave a more difficult story that could, from the point of view of David Linchian, intersect either with the past-present, or in alternative dimensions, or even as a direct, everyday science. fantastic story. This is a hard battle with an insurmountable wall that only a saint could endure (or someone in this strange, strange).
