I saw the film at the Belgrade Film Festival last week, and I'm still working on the injury. In fact, my opinion seems to coincide with a number of others - the first half hour was fresh, sharp, deep, interesting and promising. Well acted too. Natural. My problem, however, is not simply that the last hour and a half of the film has nothing to do with a pleasant start, but also that I spent most of this time in agonizing agony from harsh, annoying industrial sounds and squinting at drunk, toothless chewing breadsticks. It is rather because THEY NEVER PREVENTED ME !!! The synopsis of the festival brochure describes only (very intriguingly) the first half hour — the whore, the piano tuner and the meat seller talk at the bar, pretending to be an advertising agent, a genetic engineer and a petty state administration official, respectively — without making any comments. mention all about the endless flogging of the gums. You may say that I do not need to read reviews, but, in my defense, a number of reviews that I looked at after the fact did not at all underline the immensity and absolute intolerance of most of the film. /> <br /> The first hint should have been the opening words of the director (shy blond young people with disheveled hair), who spoke to a crowded audience (the film seems to play incredibly well, critically, and the tickets were sold out long before the show, although most the audience seemed not to realize how painful it was to me, judging by the many unearthly moans and groans that had permeated the theater in the last half hour, and to many annoyed comments at the exit) to say the following: “Well, I ... hmm, thank you very much for that came and see this movie, and I just wanted to say ... well, this is a very long movie ... it took me four years to do it, and ... this ... I invite you to see it and immediately try to forget about it. It is too long. Thank you for coming.' This is what he said. The alarm bells were supposed to ring. “What is he talking about?” I thought in a happy bewilderment. “It will be fun!” Of course, by the time his strangely apologetic comments made sense to me, it was too late to get out. All I could do was writhing in increasing agony, until the lights came on again. And in the end, I cannot say that I feel somehow improved by this experience. Yes, I really liked the first half hour. It was smart, new, and had something to say. And yes, Russia is probably in poor condition. Yes, there are many hidden faces in every society. Yes, toothless life in barren wastelands is probably incredibly difficult. Yes yes yes I get it all. I really do. But I see no earthly reason why art and meaning should be so painfully drawn out and so painful. If you want to see a movie somewhere between the extremes of a brilliant science fiction Hollywood plastic and dirty vodka watches, try Korean-Chinese Bin Jip (3-Iron). It's pretentious and amazing, but also fun.
