MABEL AT THE WHEEL is one of those films with a backstage story that is more interesting than the film itself. It was Chaplin’s tenth comedy for Keystone during the year of his training and his first two-year-old pilot. Here he played one of his latest villainous roles (although the full-length film TILLY THE PUNCTURE ROMANCE is still to come), and this also marked one of the last cases when he worked for the director, and not for himself. In fact, Chaplin’s conflicts with director and colleague Mabel Normand almost fired him from the studio. <br /> <br /> Chaplin did not get along with his earlier directors, Henry Lerman and George Nichols, but, according to his autobiography, forced to take the lead from a simple "girl" was the last straw. Charlie and Mabel bitterly argued during the making of this film. Chaplin was still new to Keystone, and his colleagues didn’t know what to do with him, but everyone loved Mabel. Producer Mac Sennet was on the verge of dismissing Chaplin when he learned that newbie films were catching on, and the exhibitors wanted them as soon as possible, so Chaplin was promised a chance to direct himself in exchange for completing this film the way Mabel wanted it. br /> <br /> Unfortunately, none of these dramas are visible on the screen in MABEL AT THE WHEEL, which is similar to the typical Keystone chaos. This story concerns the rally, in which Mabel-bo (Harry McCoy) must participate, but the evil Charlie and his henchmen kidnap the guy, and Mabel must take the place in his stead. For all the races around, throwing bricks and biting the finger, the film is frankly short with laughter, but there are a few interesting points. There is good cinematography and editing in the race sequence, although in reality there are no jokes, just a lot of insane activity. Chaplin himself looks strange, with a beard that looks like a goat, on his chin and in his top hat and frock coat, which he wore in his first film, “BUSINESS LIFE”, but the outfit fits the old-fashioned villain that he shows everywhere. At least, romantically observe how he plays such an uncharacteristic role. In the stands on the racetrack, you can see such persistent “Keystone” fans as Chester Conklin, Edgar Kennedy in a strangely straightened robe and the more characteristic Mac Sennett, spitting tobacco and performing his usual mindless routine routine. As a performer, Sennett was about as thin as the films he made, but you have to pay tribute to the guy: he knew what people liked. These films were very popular at the time. Mack’s play doesn’t add much to MABEL AT THE WHEEL, but he probably should have been ready to shoot this film so that its stars wouldn’t kill each other.
