Who could have wished for the continuation of the legendary bad thrash film by Bert I. Gordon "Food of the Gods"? Nobody, of course, but the director Damien Lee still did not think that this was a good idea, and he put together a belated sequel, which is considered one of the most unnecessary films in horror history. "Gnaw" is a continuation only in name, since the situation has moved to a typical place in the late 80s (university campus), as well as the effect of a cheap and damp smell perfectly illustrated by the 80s. This script combines clichés, horribly written dialogues and plot situations that are not so subtly stolen from other (and more successful) horror classics. Neil Hamilton is a good scientist who makes breeding experiments on ordinary rodents to do a favor to a scientist. Because of some incredibly stupid animal rights activists, huge and hungry rats run away and devour almost everyone on campus. Following the good old tradition begun by Spielberg “Jaws”, there is a disgusting dean who refuses to admit the problem, although heavily mutilated corpses appear everywhere. During the hysterically grotesque climax of the rat invade the opening ceremony of the new campus sports complex! "Gnaw: Food of the Gods 2" is terribly bad, and therefore very interesting to watch! Characters do and say incredibly stupid things (for example, descend into the sewer without a weapon, while they KNOW they are teeming with rats), the action is terrible, and there is a really strange sequence in which the hero has sex under the influence of growth serum! I wonder what kind of theory Freud will be on this! Is there a satisfactory amount of blood and meanness and ?? should it be said ?? the music is surprisingly atmospheric. In case you just can’t get enough of this stuff, there are quite a few creatures spinning on mutated rats, such as the Italian shlok movie “Rats: Night of Horror,” a modest 70s cult film Willard and its lame sequel "Ben", a remake of Willard in 2003, starring Crispin Glover and surprisingly good recent films about the rats of the once famous directors Tibor Tikak ("The Rat") and John Lafia ("The Rat"). Get crazy!
