After viewing a large number of comments on this film, it becomes clear that there are two kinds of fans of science fiction films. There are those who read well, extremely literate and intelligent. They know the history of the genre and, more importantly, they know the heights to which it can reach in the hands of a gifted author. For many years, science fiction languished in the basement of literature. It is believed that my biggest critic is more than the stories about beam pistols and aliens meant for teenagers before puberty. Today's well-read fan knows this story well and knows the great authors Azimov, Heinlein, Bradbury and Ellison, who helped bring science fiction out of this basement. In doing so, they created thought-provoking intellectual stories that expanded boundaries and redefined the human condition. These well-informed fans criticize everything Hollywood throws at them. They are not critical in their own right, but look skeptically at each sentence. (As expected, the Hollywood album was less stellar.) For these fans, the story should be of paramount importance. They cannot be fooled by bright computer graphics and a sequence of actions without stopping. When the emperor has no clothes, they shout the loudest. <br /> <br /> The second type of science fiction film lover knows little about the written aspect of the genre. (Look at many of the above comments, which say: “Well, I have not read either a book or anything from this author ...) Their complete familiarity with science fiction comes from movies or the Scifi channel. They are extremely uncritical, they want to miss the huge holes in the plot, weak rooms and thin storylines, if they are given a healthy dose of a magical explosion and stunning special effects. They are, in fact, ready to turn off their critical thinking skills (or maybe they never had them!) Throughout the film. For example, I am a robot. Although ostensibly based on the stories of Azimov and named after one of his novels, it contains not only what Azimov wrote, and even less of what he tried to tell us about humanity and our robotic creatures. (Those of you who run out and buy me, Robot, will be very surprised - this film is not even based on this story at all!) limits of gullibility. I will not indicate them. feed you on a spoon. You must practice your thinking skills and discover them for yourself. Characters that are named after many of Asimov’s characters do not have the critical intelligence that has been the hallmark of his stories. The plot itself, with all its sequences of actions, goes against everything that the author stood for. His belief that humanity has the ability to solve problems using their minds, not their fists, is vital for understanding their vision of the future. In short, apart from the name, there is very little of Isaac in this film. There will always be those noncritical (that is, thoughtless) who declare: “The film should not be like a book. Because of the medium, films sometimes require changes. ” But what about the case when the film from the very beginning did not even try to keep close to the book (or books)? What if all they took from writing was the name: The question arises: why slander most of the work by pushing its headline on its meaningless piece of shit? Save money and do not buy the rights to works. The name is something else. Do not use character names. Believe me, no one blames you for plagiarism. It really doesn't matter what you call an unread movie fan who accepts everything you throw at him. But it will upset those who read, who think, who do not want to just let you give them a pretty bright show. <br /> <br /> I, the robot, like most of the Hollywood genre, push science fiction back into the basement where he lived many years ago. Hollywood couldn't do it alone. It takes an uncritical mindless audience that will take such a dramatic dredge.
