Yes, Kazaam is one of those terribly bad films that almost reminds everyone of what is wrong not only with children's films, but with humanity as well. Here we have Shaq as a rap gin - yes, in a rap genie - where he does everything, from making bad puns to dressing in ridiculous clothes, everything ends in his posture similar to Christ, and there is a lot of light around him. So, yes, expect truly crappy pieces, including the first wish - a lot of unhealthy food falling from the sky (and, unfortunately, not knocking out two main characters, especially a child). What can not be expected is the fact that the film with the child and Shaquille O'Neill would be so incredibly fucking! In the main plot of the film, this child is involved, played in this too typical and annoying childish manner by the great-grandson of Frank Capra (where the child angrily shouts out his dialogue), who encounters a genie who was trapped in a boom box. Then comes the “devotion” when the child makes Shak-gin his quasi-slave, waiting for the last two desires, trying to reconcile with his absentee father such as shadow gangs. <br /> <br /> This really juicy, contrived story about a son and father would be bad enough, since certain lines were expressed in millions of other films (that is, the speech “two chances in life” from father to son). But it is Shaquille O'Neal who is the reason for watching the film (ironically), and the obvious drowning of all this. His storyline involves him when he doesn’t get overly talkative of Capra, to rap in a dialogue, and also to start his flourishing recording career. On top of that, he also kicks ass and takes names with the main bad guys who want him back in boom box. So is there a camp factor for the film? To some extent, but it is even crushed by all the soft scenes and “soulful” moments that really have nothing to do with the rest of the material. Someone may ask if the people who make the film, who obviously did it at the behest of the popularity of the BASKETBALL player, who wanted to play Michael Jordan’s acting, do it, whether it will be worthy of something interesting or convincing. I hope they also knew that they were just being paid. But I would even hope that they felt at least a little guilty for feeding Shack's car. <br /> <br /> So, if you want to spend a fun night with Shaq in the role of a genie who has become a rapper - a sage turned, all the more fun for you. Hell, it might even be fun to spend the evening of Shack's film with this and his critically acclaimed Stalled effort. But if you hope to save a few brain cells, stay away from what is likely to be the worst movie of 1996, and among many other contenders for the worst of the 90s.
