Reading KAZAAM and saying that this is a bad film is not difficult at all - after all, the critics fell to themselves at the time of its release, admiring this film - saying that it was one of the worst films of the decade! Therefore, the fact that I say that it is bad or someone else says that it is bad is, of course, not surprising. It’s as if someone is talking about World War II - almost no one says that it’s OK, right ?! The question that I have, and on which there is no place in IMDb, I can answer it: “Why did they even do this?!”. In the end, for anyone who is not seriously injured by the brain, it is obvious that the film will be terrible. But films such as ED (baseball-playing chimp), COOL AS ICE (starring always the popular Vanilla Ice), TROLL 2 (which doesn't even have trolls), BABY GENIUSES (Einstain-like superheroes kids) and Pinocchio in external space (yes!?!) Proves that any idea, no matter how stupid it may be, can be embodied on the big screen! Thus, the idea of ​​the best basketball player of that time playing the role of the genie of a nasty little guy seems to be completely “normal”! <br /> <br /> The film begins with a guy who jerks quite a few clicks at the lockers in the hallway of the school. Like the punk from FREE WILLY, this child is somehow “misunderstood” (in other words, that child), and you know that no matter how selfish and terrible he is, by the end of the movie he will learn something and grow up, only once, I want to see how such a punk kid will be in prison or dead by the end of the movie! After all, while the hooligans in the neighborhood are in the middle of beating him, the gin Kazaam (Shaquille O'Neill) is accidentally released and insists on giving the guy three wishes. But the child does not believe him, and the magic of gin seems a little rusty. <br /> <br /> In the end, the child understands that Kazam is really. However, unlike most children, he refuses to make his wishes, so at the same time, Kazam is forced to follow him everywhere - as his personal servant. And, as the cliché says, you know that by the end of the movie Max and Kazaam will become lifelong friends and tears will be shed. Oh, and Max will reconcile with his absent father and mom's fiance (I'm going to shut up). Apparently, this genie is a little social worker, besides the fact that he creates a lot of desires. <br /> <br /> As for Kazaam, Shaquille speaks most of the film and even takes a break in rap ... very bad. I'm a white middle-aged guy, and I think I could at least knock that much too! He’s a terrific basketball player, and I’ve heard that he’s a good guy — but a rapper ... no way! As for his acting, he was not great, but the film had such a sweet personality that it was hard to hate him - even if they made him do a lot of very stupid things. <br /> <br /> Is it a horrible movie like you’ve heard? in the first two thirds of the film, I would say no. Shaquille seemed to try his best with an unpleasant child and a bad script. However, later in the film, the bad becomes terrible - because Kazaam seems too preoccupied with himself to help the child when he is really needed. And from nowhere, the plot becomes really, very strange - after all, the guy who wants to make Kazaam a rap star (?!?!) Turns out to be an evil thug! And, oddly enough, this guy seems to recognize that Kazam is a genie without hesitation! <br /> <br /> In addition, the last part of the film consists of people trying to kill Max and his father. I know that the child was annoying, but it must be a children's movie !! What part of the “attempt to kill a child” did the authors not understand?!? Then, in the finale, which makes this film perhaps the worst children's film ending in history, Kazam becomes a god or something else, and it all looked like a drug-induced hallucination! This ending was even dumber and weirder than in “Black Hole” ... and, god, it hurt my brain !! Ugh - terrible dialogue was too heavy !!! <br /> <br /> Overall, this is a terrible film, which is mainly due to the writers, who were obviously insane. Yes, guys, with a spoiled message, weird, unrelated stuff and horrible characters, this is one pathetic movie. Unfortunately, given the idea and the actors, it is difficult to imagine that the final product would have turned out much worse !! <br /> <br /> By the way, if you want to see Gin in the modern world of a good film, try the British made the film “Bernard and the Genie” for television - a charming and exceptionally well-written film from beginning to end.
