This 1996 film was the first Jane Eyre adaptation I ever watched, and when I did that, I was shocked by this. Most of the novel was omitted, and I thought William Hurt was terribly erroneous, like Rochester. Since then, I've watched all the other novel adaptations worth mentioning, three short versions of '44, '70 and '97, and three mini-series '73, '83 and 2006, and noticed that there are worse adaptations and worse than Rochester. <br /> <br /> This is without a doubt the most refined adaptation of Jane Eyre from the point of view of cinematography. Director Franco Zerifferelli enjoys beautiful long shots of snow falling from the winter sky, a lonely Rochester standing on a rock, and Jane looking out the window - but he is less good at telling stories and making characters happen. In addition, his script simply scratches the surface of the novel, missing a lot of important scenes. As a result, the film does not show the depth and complexity of the relationship between Jane and Rochester, and, unfortunately, it also does not include the humorous side of their intercourse. There are several short conversations between Rochester and Jane, each of which is well organized, but the pair of sentences they exchange are not enough to show the audience that they are attracted to each other. We know that they must fall in love, but we will never see that this is really happening. The scene in which Rochester wants to figure out Jane's reaction to his dilemma, putting a case in front of her in a hypothetical form after the wounded Mason left the house is completely absent, and the farewell scene, the most important scene - the climax - the novel comes down to four sentences. Zerifferelli does not make the mistakes made by other writers to replace their own bad texts with superb Bronte lines, and the decisive scenes have not been completely changed and rewritten, but he makes a less offensive, but in the end an equally big mistake, just missing many important scenes. It remains only a glimpse of the novel, which has nothing to do with Charlotte Bronte's masterpiece. <br /> <br /> A mixed bag starring: while Fiona Shaw is a great Mrs. Reed, the young Jane Anna Paquin is more of an ill-mannered, inflated Lolita than a lonely little girl who is eager for love. Always reliable, Joan Plowright makes a very pretty, but too insightful, Mrs. Fairfo, and one cannot help but feel that Billy Whitelaw should play the village witch instead of the simple, hard-working Grace Poole. Charlotte Gainsbourg, as an adult heroine, is physically the perfect choice for playing Jane Eyre. Looking about 18, thin and frail, with irregular, strong features, she comes closest to my inner vision of Jane than any other actress in this role. And during the first 15 minutes of her screen time, I was fascinated by her game. Gainsburg manages well to allow viewers to guess the inner fire and the strong will hidden behind the stoic mask. But, unfortunately, the script never allows her to expand the more passionate and lively side of Jane's character in the future. As a result of the omission of so many scenes and the reduction of many dialogues, the dialogue between Gainsburg and Jane must necessarily remain incomplete and, consequently, ultimately unsatisfactory. This is a pity, since with the best script Charlotte Gainsburg could be just as good Jane as Zela Clark in the version of '83. <br /> <br /> But, although it is still obvious that Gainsburg is trying to play Jane, there is no trace of Rochester in the character that William Hurt portrays. It hurts, which proved to be a good actor in many good films, must have known that he was so physically and typically missed that he did not even try to play Rochester in a novel. His Rochester, besides the fact that he is blond and blue-eyed, is a quiet, well-bred nobleman, shy and quiet, a bit strange and eccentric, but mostly good-natured and soft. He is so far from being quick-tempered, capricious and gloomy that the lines relating to these traits of his character sound absolutely ridiculous. In addition, in many moments of the film, Hert's expression makes you wonder if he is struggling with acute bouts of sleeping sickness. Especially in the scene of the sentence, he frowns like a patient popping out of general anesthesia and can hardly keep his eyes open. If you compare his Rochester with a strong-willed and charming hero of the novel, just overflowing with energy and temperament, it is not surprising that many viewers are disappointed with Hert's performance. Nevertheless, he insults me less than Rochester in versions 70, 97 and 2006, and I would generally rate this Jane Eyre higher than these three others. Hert obviously had the sense to admit that he could not be the Rochester novel, and therefore did not try to do it, whereas George S. Scott, Sharen Hinds and Toby Stevens thought they could, but failed miserably, and I would prefer Watch a character different from Rochester, not Rochester, who is poorly played. And I would prefer to see the Jane Eyre film, which skipped many lines of the novel, but did not come up with new ones, but not a version that uses modernized dialogues that sound like they could be spoken by today's couple at Starbucks cafe. Of course, this Jane Eyre is a failure, but at least she is harmless, which is more than can be said about the adaptations of 97 and 2006. Therefore, I would not refrain from viewing this adaptation to anyone: you will not find Jane Eyre, but at least you will find a great shot.
