The minute you give a “feature film” 1/10, you will have people longing for your ignorant, half perky, artistically backward blood. I will not try to explain why I am not aesthetically retarded by listing all the "home theaters" that I liked, or mentioning how I presented an unknown "cult classic" 10/10. All I ask is that someone explain to me the meaning, purpose and meaning of this film. <br /> <br /> This is how I would sum up the film: “The opening montage of three unrelated urban legends depicting almost absurd levels of collaboration.” incidence. Then, in a nutshell, to save you 3 hours of pain, the following: A children's game show host dying of lung cancer is trying to build a relationship with his coke-dependent daughter, who he could or could not rape when she was a child, and A clumsy cop with relationship problems cares for him, while a star game show participant decides that he doesn’t want to be a failed wunderkind whose fate befell another of the game shows contestants from the 60s who, as we see, are now unemployed and homosexuals who fall in love with a bartender with braces and need money for “corrective oral surgery,” while the producer of the game show, dying of lung cancer, asks his male nurse to help him establish a relationship with his son, whom he left for many years back, and who later became a self-help guru for women, even when Mr. Producer’s second wife suffers guilt for deceiving the dying man; and in the end it is raining frogs (you read that right). And I save you from the incredibly long and senseless, literally incoherent monologues that each character seems to come up on the fly without any rhyme or reason, except perhaps to make sure the film crosses 3 hours and is classified as “modern epic”. ". <br /> <br /> You probably think that I could have better summed up the film (and, in turn, would not confuse you) if I had written this damn thing more smoothly, perhaps in a few sentences instead of one ... Well, now you know how I feel.
