... and you can look at this statement differently, by the way. First of all, this is a mess because of all the terrible and extremely cruel scenes. Your wildest imagination doesn't even come close to some of the scenes clearly shown here. The whole parts of this film are just sick, disgusting, abusive, violent, and they bring you closer to pulling out your insides. Now I love horror movies and I am very violent, but I think it should lead somewhere !! Do I ask so much? The cradle of fear is just a series of extremely sick and distorted thoughts. The "film" consists of four separate chapters connected by a narrative story. This leads to endless acts of torture, murder, and disease, only to find out that the victims have something in common. Not very informative if you ask me. And yet, I must say, the main idea of ​​the plot, of course, has potential. It is about the ogre-hypnotist who made a deal with the devil himself to avenge himself and cause suffering and death to all who participated in his trial. Personally, I think this is an interesting topic, so they should focus on this a bit more than on creating the most disgusting film ever. <br /> <br /> Secondly, the entire film was erratic. They didn't have a big budget, and they spent it all on fake blood and guts ... Tons of it !! Acting is a joke and one of the worst I've ever seen. Any other special effects besides makeup look very amateur (for example, an attempt at a realistic car accident). There is neither tension nor atmosphere that could be detected ... even an attempt to create it. <br /> <br /> The cradle of fear is a failure and a missed opportunity, to say the least. With the presence of the death metal icon Danny Filt (from the Cradle of filth group. Click on the link?) Concerned girls and boys who enjoy watching their parents, watching such shit. And then people continue to complain that the number of suicides and juvenile delinquency is increasing ... Bach. I can imagine that this film can cause a lot of harm if you are easily influenced or get rid of an unstable mind. For every self-respecting horror fan, this film is an insult.
