Did anyone who made this film, especially the director, take care of the plot logic? These are not just holes in the conspiracy, but graves that are becoming deeper as we lose sympathy for the protagonist and his plight. That is, if you are kind enough, the viewer bravely ignores the fact that in most films the characters are either servants of the plot of the grave, or boring and unlikely. Or, in the case of the Downey and Hannah characters, clearly redundant. Considering the reason for the existence of significant on-screen character Downey in the film, I decided that either the director liked his character, and unnecessarily increased his screen time (even despite the fact that the director did not change anything in the script he actually needed) or that his character was about to sacrifice on the altar of a bad conspiracy. I will leave you to guess what it will be. <br /> <br /> I had to constantly check the DVD cover to make sure that it was really done by trustworthy talents. I can not understand why Robert Altman took this job. Of course, he has the power to choose. In fact, I can not understand why someone took this script, except for a novice director who is looking for experience. <br /> <br /> I guess Robert Downey Jr. needed money for his habit. I suppose Kenneth Branagh wanted to try a southern accent. I believe that Robert Duval was given only a few pages of the script, and he thought the role in isolation sounds intriguing. These are the only motives that I see that make good actors play roles in this film. As for Robert Altman, he put a lot of effort into making the film look fantastic. I found myself noticing how he created a particular scene, or used bright orange floats in another scene to draw eye movements, or put a beautiful filter on it to create a certain mood. Usually I don’t notice such things in cinema, since most of the films that I watch to the end really attract me because of good storytellers and interesting characters with understandable motives. I watched it to the end only because some ridiculous element of optimism in me continued to look at this DVD cover and was convinced that due to the talent in this film there had to be some sort of saving factor. <br /> <br /> Good direction. But this is not why I watch movies.
