Despite the impressive cast and crew lineage, the Gingerbread Man collapses early and often. The plot is unrealistically tangled, the actors demonstrate poor accents, and the participation of director Robert Altman is reduced to receiving a check. He again put together an impressive cast (like Woody Allen, everyone wants to work with Altman), which this time to the letter is omitted. But this is only part of the problem. <br /> <br /> Kenneth Branagh is Rick Magruder, a high-ranking Georgia lawyer who, in the heavy opening scenes of the film, manages to seduce the mysterious waitress of a catering company who convinces him that she is in grave danger from her ex-husband and his bad father. Everywhere with red flags, an astute lawyer is even trying to harm his children. Next comes the fighting with weapons and fists, as well as the pursuit of the car, and if that is not enough, a hurricane is added to the ridiculous final. <br /> <br /> Bran is played by McGruder with an agonizing and unconvincing southern accent. Running in a raincoat in any weather, he does not notice the obvious that the story continues. Hipster Bob Downey Jr. is no worse than P.I. but with a little more emphasis on a bad accent. Robert Duvall, like old man Bo Radley, has all grown to madness than a bed bug serving several thick slices of ham, but at least his voice sounds believable. Leading women (Embeth Davidtz, Darryl Hanna, Famhi Jansen) are slender, long-legged and unemotional. Even celebrity lawyers who are filmed in cameos (Vernon Jordan) are wooden, with the small lines of ejection that they have. <br /> <br /> In addition to the fact that they pay little attention to their actors, Altman's mise en scene, smeared with Spanish moss, is muddy and shapeless, his comic book scenes. He lacks his unusual touches and observations (he really informs the viewer that the Stars and Bars still hesitate in Georgia), which makes the well-made Altman so unique. Unfortunately, the Gingerbread Man - Altman is in his worst condition, even if the salary is the same.
