I read a lot of good things about this adaptation of my favorite novel ... so my expectations were always overwhelmed. But they were crushed more than expected. This film would be a good film if I had not read the novel beforehand, which may have destroyed it for me. <br /> <br /> In any case, for some reason, they changed the labor camp in Toulon to a full galley of slaves. The scene with Bishop Mériel was fine. In fact, except for the galleys, everything survived until the dismissal of Fantine. Because we do not want something bad to happen to a good woman, she does not cut her hair, does not sell her teeth and does not become a prostitute. The worst thing she does is run into the city hall and spit in his face. Bamatabua is completely excluded. Since one also shouldn’t talk about having children out of wedlock, Tholomyes is Fantine’s dead husband, not an irresponsible dandy. Valjean can take Cozette for Fantine before the case of Chammier, so they happily reunite, another change. Then comes the monastery, which is quite a complicated scene. Fortunately, it was saved. However, after these three minutes of accuracy, the film again begins to fall apart in the direction of the “Classic Romance”. <br /> <br /> While Cozette and Valjean ride through the park, they meet Marius, who gives a speech at the meeting. About prison reform. When he comes to hand out leaflets to Valjeanu and Cosette, he says one line in the film that makes me scream at the TV. "We are not revolutionaries." I could hear Victor Hugo beating in his grave. Of course, they are revolutionaries! They want to rebel against the pseudo-monarchy that exists in favor of another republic, stupid scriptwriters! It is a historical fact that in 1832 there was an uprising against the government. <br /> <br /> At some point, Cozette goes to give Marius a donation from his father for the reform movement and meets Eponin. Except ... not Eponin. Or at least not an eponine book. This Eponine seems to be a successful secretary working for prison reformers (who work from Cafe Universal as opposed to Cafe Musain). Not to mention the fact that the audience no longer likes her because of her non-periodical, slinky, fitting dress and her mocking manner. <br /> <br /> The prison reformers (led by the most unsuccessful actor of Angolra) that I have ever seen) decide that handing out brochures is no longer enough. Therefore, they are going to build barricades. I don’t know about you, but I have never heard of reform movements tearing down streets, building barricades and attacking government troops. About three hundred people (they should not have been so many) are beginning to attack the National Guard and build a bunch of barricades, and so on. D. Eponin, fortunately, dies for Marius. <br /> <br /> The rest of the movie is pretty accurate, except that the assassination of Javert seems hard to understand again thanks to his tiny screen time and the weird interpretation of the characters. The film ends with Valjean watching Javert jump into the river. This is again inaccurate, because Valjean would never have allowed Javert to drown. He saved a man’s life earlier, why did he let him die now? In addition, everything is missed by the recognition of Valjean Marius, his deterioration and redemption on his deathbed along with Marius and Cosette next to him. <br /> <br /> In general, I can blame the script mainly for the problems. Although I am glad that Enzholras and Eponin, at least, were present in the film, they were terribly misunderstood, as was the whole scene of the barricades. Eliminating the suffering of Fantines prevents us from feeling too pathetic. That Cozette knows that Valjean's past spoils the plot from the very beginning. I have not even seen Tenardiera and Madame. Then Tardieu had only a few seconds of screen time. The same with Gavory. However, I really liked the interpretation of Frederich March about Valjean, which was one of the main features of the film. On the other hand, Charles Lawton, despite all his magnificent roles in other films, did not seem to be able to cope with Javert. A quivering of lips, an unnecessary cry and his actions in general — all this was very wrong. He also, like many Javerts, whom I saw, did not appear at all ominously, something was required of the character. <br /> <br /> Again, this film would probably feel much better if I hadn’t read the book. I would not recommend it to order purists though. I would also say that the film would be a good adaptation for the time if the notorious French version had not been released a year earlier.
