When I tell people that I view films as a hobby, the first thing they say is “What do you think of such and such films?” There are a couple of problems here. First, there is a possibility that I did not see it, and therefore I am destroying my reputation. Secondly, I could rip this film without even realizing that he is actually their favorite. Finally, they can give me a DVD to watch so they can judge my opinion. Thus, I discovered that I was sitting in front of “Convent” - a film that I would completely ignore if I had a choice, but could not escape here. More pity, because this frankly terrible "horror" is about as scary as a box with kittens. <br /> <br /> After the worn clichés, the Convention focuses on a bunch of American schoolchildren on a trip. in a deserted monastery with a mission to be thrown at stones, laid down and slightly frightened. But you never guess what will happen next? From the cobweb, a group of demonic cannibalistic nuns emerges, who begin to select children one by one in the classic horror film tradition. Will any of them survive and, more importantly, do you have no cause for concern? <br /> <br /> The only thing that saves the “Monastery” from wasting time is the fact that no one takes this seriously, except for the strange cameo Kulio as a hyperactive policeman with an itchy trigger. Finger. It's too funny to be intimidating properly - a zombie cheerleader who makes a chipmunk noise for no reason, daytime paints that appear when you become a zombie - but what really kills you like horror is what you can Immediately tell when someone is going to jump out and be killed. But even if they tried, I still doubt that it will work - demonic nuns with makeup similar to the one you saw in the TV series Buffy the Vampire Slayer, not so scary. The worst thing about this film is that more than 10% of voters gave him the maximum score. I mean, I know it's funny, but I barely split. Honestly, I liked visiting the dentist more. <br /> <br /> “The Convent” is not really a horror film as such. It's more of a comedic horror, such as Scary Movie or Sean of the Dead, but you laugh at it, not at it. I honestly can’t recommend it to anyone except the family of actors and the crew, but even then I very much doubt that they will like it. I don’t like the genre “so bad it’s good” - I personally feel that if the filmmakers cannot be bothered to save a turkey, then I shouldn’t wrestle trying to watch it. Yes, this is a bad movie, and yes, they really had to go home and do something more constructive. Rubik's cube, for example. The DVD box has two price stickers - one for £ 4.99 and a reduced price of £ 3. But he was sold for £ 1, and that should tell you everything you need to know about this dirty, cheap, terribly bad movie. Sorry if you like it, but Monastery is really a bunch of unholy crap.
