Dreary. Schlocky. Just awful and awful. Let's be honest, when you sit down to watch something called The Double-D Avenger, you don't expect great art or even moderate mass entertainment. You are probably expecting a cult type of film and may get some good looks at some impressive busts. You really don't get any of them in the video. The story, as it is consistent with most of these types, is meaningless: Kitten Natividad runs the local pub, finds out that she has breast cancer, flies to South America for a fruit that claims to be the panacea for any disease, and the super donor of human abilities returns and fights, dressed like a Double-D Avenger, a band from a local strip club that wants to beat the competition. I have seen much worse in the course of the story, but, as another reviewer noted, the execution is terrible. The sequences of actions are devoid of lightning, drive, motivation, and thin fabric. Acting is not even quite decent, and the dialogue is the pit. Nothing, and I mean that ANYTHING is funny from the wrinkled pun to hard boobs links. Everything could be forgiven if the girls could make up for it, but they all failed. Kitten, Haji and Raven de la Croix are all quite adult (still beautiful in their own way), but reveal nothing and become the antithesis of who they are trying to be: the old, insidious caricatures of their former selves. Instead, they look so lame and desperate - rather because of the vehicle in which they "play the main roles", and not because of their own abilities. There are other beautiful ladies, but you really can't see anything. PG-13 could definitely be the right rating for this. The material, the actresses and the director are all tired, tiring and outdated - and again - NOT FUNNY! It was a brutal hour plus sitting through it, and it is a shame, since I was expecting something polite and fun. By the way, the guy playing Bubba was the only real laugh for me. Not that he was good at everything, but every time he opened his mouth, I continued to think how terrible he really was. The only bright spot here is that Mr. Fiction himself, Forrest J. Ackerman, plays the wax museum curator and chatters with his wax Frankenstein, who is affectionately called Frankie. Other than that, it's a complete failure - now how is that for another weary, terrible, banal pun!
