I saw an interview with Rob Schneider (who plays a major role in this film, Marvin Mange). He said in it that he would like to emphasize the physical comedy here so much that even if you have turned off the volume, you will laugh in this film. Obviously, this should be a secret. I had the volume turned on. I actually listened to this thing and thought it was a disaster, and quite unfunny - a big disappointment after Schneider’s cheerful performance in “Two of Bigalow, Male Gigolo”. <br /> <br /> The story is stupid: Mang is a big loser who dreams of becoming a policeman who is filled with a bunch of animal transplants after a car accident of a mad scientist like Dr. Wilder (Michael Cato), and as a result begins to lose control over his "animal instincts." “It makes him a supercore. He can sniff out drugs hidden in body cavities and outrun horses. Of course, he also has the unpleasant habit of eating human cows and trying to seduce their goats, but of course, it's a small price? It's just nothing It didn't do for me. <br /> <br /> The cast left much to be desired. Is there a more annoying actor in Hollywood than John McGinley? Here he plays a sergeant. Sisk, the commander Menge in the police, is like a disgusting cartoon same as his doctoral persona in the inexplicably popular television series Scrubs.) I was impatient to look at Collin Haskell's first “serious” acting work (could anything be called “serious?” in this film) She, of course, gained her fame as a member of the first “Survivor "And she proves what we knew from this: she's cute as a button. Here she does not prove that she has some noticeable talent as an actress. And what with Ed Asner as the chief of police Wilson." I mean, how old is this guy now? He is the size of some of the cows Mange was trying to eat, and he seemed to be choking all the way. I'm surprised he made it through the shoot. In the end, there is a short cameo of Adam Sandler (who was also the executive producer of this film). <br /> <br /> In any case, I laughed twice: Mange plays with his squeaky toys in a police car and Schneider has a scene with Haskell and an orangutan - the orangutan has more acting talent! So for two laughs - 2/10.
