Viewing the first 30 minutes of Oblivion Sands inspired great hopes in me. Looks like I need a cheaper version of Mummy. The installation was promising; in the 1920s, Cecil B. DeMil made his opus, the Ten Commandments. It seems that, using real Egyptian artifacts to film, they unleashed an ancient and terrible evil (not always?). Knowing what was provoked, DeMille orders to bury the whole set instead of the usual practice of destroying it. I hope the evil will be buried with him forever. Then we move to today, when the team is trying to dig up the site (the first mistake in the film, but hey, these historical costumes are expensive, and this is a sci-fi channel). The first Anubis monster sightings that we get are made well, and this is a costume in which they put some effort, and not the usual cheese effect of CG. Then begins the countdown of the body. This is a movie for me to the south. The reaction to the fact that people die in horrible and strange ways, gets a strange restrained reaction. As soon as they realize that the ancient evil was once again unleashed and is on the verge of killing, what are the stock problems of leading men and women? They usually stop in front of "a guy who knows the truth, but never told anyone." After receiving this important information, they share it with their friends on the excavation site? No, they stay at the hotel to cool off in the shower and chat a bit. In fact, I am not the most motivated person, but if I knew that a demon from ancient Egypt was free and killed everyone who could see him, and was going to chase me, I would put a little effort into solving this problem. After this long and meaningless middle section, they begin to destroy the monster Anubis in the usual way, running around in a buggy with dunes and firing a rocket launcher at it when it stands at a heap of phosphorous grenades. For a science fiction film, it was above the usual crap they release, which says nothing at all. What disappoints me is that it could be a lot more if someone wrote a decent script for it.
