This is a really bad movie, with a bad acting and a very boring pace. Lorenzo Lamas is really cool! All the characters are just annoying (except for the llamas), and there is absolutely no one to be sick or take care of, plus the action is very boring. The film gives us 3 villains who were supposed to be formidable and disturbing, when in fact there is a dull, funny and just a bunch of morons that I wanted to shut up!, Plus it looks very cheap and amateur! Lorenzo Lamas has a lot of charisma, but he cannot save this piece of shit, and believe it or not, the debut was really cool as the final, but the middle is incredibly boring and I had a desire to press the fast-forward button! Plus the dialogue is especially ridiculous! I really liked the cool bar scene, but as soon as the Llamas are sent to the dock, everything falls apart, plus the scene in which the villains torture the Jennifer family and kill them should have found it alarming when it really is funny! This is a really bad movie, with a bad acting and a very boring pace, although Lorenzo Lamas is really cool! However, this is not enough, not recommended. The direction is very bad. George Ershbamer does a very bad job here, with mediocre cinematography, a soft location and keeping the film at a boring pace. The acting is rather bad (except for the llamas). Lorenzo Lamas is great here, and although he doesn’t need to play, it’s quite fun to watch, he has a very cool character, and he has a lot of charisma, but even he cannot save it, and he had No chemistry with the actors either! (Lama Rules!). Josie Bell is terrible here, and although she looks decent, she is not very convincing and has no chemistry with Lamas. Cheryl Jeans is hot, but she has nothing to do except to scream and be afraid, she did everything well. Robert Scott is incredibly annoying to the main villain and does not threaten at all, he was as ridiculous as the other 2. The rest of the actors are bad. General Avoid! Avoid! Even if you like lamas (like me). * of 5
