I am a student of the film, and have been for several years. And the concept of cyber-kung-fu, a satirical chimpanzee made me think: “Is this a film that will break the pattern?” After such classic pieces as Monkey in Trouble and Dunston Checks In, I thought that the best ideas had already been adopted. But then comes the Merry Monkey. I was laughing, I was crying, I was thinking about suicide. <br /> <br /> Now I read about how we are possessed by demons in the Bible, but this still doesn’t explain why anyone could create such a product of evil. First, having at least a little intelligence, I realized that a chimpanzee is a monkey, and not a monkey at all. Nevertheless, I was sure that the filmmakers would clarify this problem further in the film. They do not let me summarize this work of art: a company named Z.I.T. decided to train the chimpanzee soldiers. What for? I think they mention something about soldiers working for bananas, but when it takes about $ 13 million in public money to train one chimpanzee, it doesn't seem cost-effective. Well, in any case, Z.I.T. invites a CIA specialist (Matthew Modine) to train Clemens (Chimpanzees). Clemens is all Z.I.T. hoped for. He can take away the whole shift of guards, who seem to have all learned their skills at the local mall, and still manage to remind us that we are watching a children's film. As you may have guessed, Modin learns that the intentions of Z.I.T. can be evil (sigh!), and decides to snatch Clemens. Being a CIA agent and everything else, Modin knows that the best way to make himself disappear is to go to a big city, rent a guest room, appear regularly on television while fighting crime and use checks to pay for everything. <br /> <br /> ZIT finds out where Modin is and sends the two best to find him. Are these guards perhaps the best comedy team since Martin and Lewis, or was it Turner and Hooch? In any case, it doesn't matter, because, in the end, damn cool finals beat the good guys !!! Hooray! Hurray for predictability! Add to this a know-it-all who learns to be herself, a lonely mom who needs a date, and musical arrangements with songs that will even be crossed out by Radio Disney, and you will get Funky Monkey. Movie climax? Football game! In the performance of bandits, bumblebees, chimpanzees and botany. No one seems to care about such substitutions in a school football game. <br /> <br /> Funky Monkey never gives up! This is the edge of your entertainment venue. Some may even call it “American beauty” filled with monkeys. Having finished this epic, I remembered the story of a railroad worker who lost most of his brain functions when a metal rod broke through his temporal lobe. Funky Monkey - metal bar among the movies.
