I watched it a few days ago, so the details become hazy. The film was shot on hand-held cameras, and a lot was done during its initial release, because we didn’t have a lot of studio shots made this way. I can't help but feel that this was more a trick than anything else, designed to make the audience think that what we see on the screen does not have all the compromises that come with a large budget, and therefore was more "real". " However, what we have here is nothing but a not very good breakdown of the first half of the all-metal shell, so that anyone who has seen this or any other breakdown there will know what to do. wait. <br /> <br /> The main problem I faced is stereotypical characters: weak and soft children, singing in close harmony, blacks, spewing black guys, world-weary sergeants, bitter and perverse psychos, etc. ... and so on and so forth ... everyone gets into situations that create the greatest friction and stress at any given time. Maybe it was intentional to emphasize the stupidity and injustice of the situation, maybe it was laziness, or maybe it was just a committee trying to reach out to the largest audience, all that I know was annoying. One of the innovations was a combination of volunteers and draftees (where usually all the characters would be forced to get into the situation), although in fact only the scenes between the two main characters actually play a big role. It seems that this is the main turn of the plot: volunteers come to their senses, and recruits gain a sense of duty and self-esteem, but all this is done rather forcibly and unconvincingly. Another big mistake I encountered was how all the characters (with the exception of crazies and real software) would react to every inevitable conflict with the first aggression and threats of violence, when faced with Farrell's ubiquitous stoicism, immediately retreat and be reasonable and diplomatic. <br /> <br /> I suppose that if I had to look for a plus, it would be because of the strong and very convincing effect of the two leashes, given the formal nature of the characters, it would not be This is too complicated. <br /> <br /> In my mind, Bozz grew up to be Zick from the Tour of Duty, and for my money it would be interesting to watch 4 episodes.
