When I saw that Mary Louise Parker was associated with this epic novel that had become a film, I was intrigued. Being a fan of the book, I assumed that she would play Tony, Rose or Haris, but more than that, I was intrigued to see how they would turn this very giddy, almost psychological (but not psychological thriller) novel into the film, which would be available for those who have not read the novel, and who would be at least slightly satisfying for those who have. The book is a complex reflection of society, women and modern life, and I was interested to see how they used 3 different narratives that lead to the unfolding of the story in the film. What they actually did was a crime. <br /> <br /> The biggest mistake and confusing problem: why should Oxygen, a network that advertises as intended for women, take a wonderful book about how complex, wonderful and terrible women there are and can be, and replace the main character from 3 women to some dumb ex-cop without any real motivation to be involved in the story? It seems that anyone who adapted himself chose the easy way, using this guy to directly ask Rosa, Tony and Haris about how they got to know Zenia, and, doing this, they rushed to look through most of the book. At the same time, although they confused the story, and cut out everything that was wonderful in her characters, except that the audience had no one to trust. In the film, these women are not people, but characters. <br /> <br /> In the book of Zenia, he falsifies his death, but the book mentions that it needs to be explained, while the film loses 30-45 minutes, focusing on this former policeman running and not doing anything. They tried to make this complex book an episode of "Law and Order" or CSI. <br /> <br /> It turns out that Mary Louise Parker played Zenia, which was SO so wrong. Zenia - Catherine Zeta-Jones, Angelina Jolie, or maybe even Scarlett Jonasson. This is a woman that men cannot but adore, and a woman to whom women are intrigued and under threat, but in the spirit of “keep the enemies closer”. And as soon as she gets closer, she seems absolutely sincere and trustworthy, despite your sound judgment. She is one of those women who, even when she loses, she wins: she always remains beautiful, still rich, and there are always people who do not know her game. <br /> <br /> In the film, Zenia didn’t take Charis’s man (blond American fool who used Haris in the first place ...), but took August and tried to become her legal guardian (and, obviously, returned to become her lesbian mistress, as the old). a kiss at a coffee shop implies). And Zenia did kill the chickens before leaving August, but it didn’t make sense, since all the buildings were removed. It’s as if the scriptwriter grabbed a straw to satisfy those of us who read the book, but I think that if I hadn’t read the book, I would have spent the entire movie in confusion, if I had to stick to it in everything. <br /> <br /> And Rosa’s husband was dead before Zenia appeared in the picture (which was strange since Zenia told about Rosa about business and family life, that’s why Roz hated her so much), and she and Zenia conspired to kill Rose's husband many years ago. And according to the film, Tony and West met forever ... even at a party where Zenia and West (in the book) painted the whole place black, and they made Tony look like that completely (and angry, bitchy) person who was always respected All for her mind and popular for this. Tony's character was SO wrong in this film ... she seemed a little crazy and as an inspiration behind the plot, unlike the clumsy, gently reclusive teacher she was in the book. The film implies that smart women are evil, beautiful women are evil, powerful women are evil, and women who teach yoga are lagging behind their rockers. <br /> <br /> They basically tried to make Zenia not necessarily terrible, as she was in the book, and then, in the end, three women convince this former police officer (who, of course, in the process of researching this meets with Zenia and has an affair with her that should end up moving to Barbados or something ridiculous, for which Zenia is in a hurry, of course, to hide Zenia’s body (which they found hidden in the hotel in which she stopped, but the film implies that one in three women pushed her onto a balcony or We talk together). to do it ...) and then Zenia also managed to take all the money from Roz in the process. By the end of the film, I only paid half the attention between the commercials, because it flew so far into space that it could and should have been. <br /> <br /> If you are not embarrassed by the failure of the film, then maybe you will like it, because I read the book and watched the movie, and from one movie I am ridiculously confused. It was terrible. I understand that making a film from this book is quite a difficult task, but if you are going to take on the task, you should start by determining what is not needed in the book, instead of creating some useless character that will be our Alice in the country Miracles, <br /> <br /> Are there in reality more fluffy books from which Oxygen could shoot at least half of decent television films?
