* Warning - no plot spoilers ahead, but still movie spoilers ... * My significant friend rented it for me, thinking it would be a terrific romance with an all-star cast. Wow - very, very wrong. This film is an excessive, excessive and excessively sentimental excuse for a theatrical release of a student film 15 years after it was shot! The copyright date on the box indicated 2005, but during the very first sequence of memories I looked at the clothes and hairstyles that were supposed to be in the early 1960s, and noticed that the girls were especially dressed in dresses and hairstyles of the late 80s - early 90s. It looked like it was shot 15 or 20 years before the end of the movie! I tried to understand that it was a memory, and therefore it should have looked old, but it looked like the 80s, not the 60th or even the 21st century, trying to be the 60th ... then an adult colleague from the main hero, and he looks just like the boy shown in the episodes of memories (but this is another, much older character, whose youth is shown in the memoirs). I was completely confused until I saw the included short film in special functions - these were all the episodes of memories made in 1990 as a full student film with the same name as this movie! It also has a commentary about the little boy who grew up (and, indeed, plays a colleague in the scenes of 2005). Thus, this film is just a story wrapper, woven around an old, re-cut student film, taken together, as an obvious excuse to bring it to theatrical length. The storyline, filmed in 2005, basically tells about a man who lost his wife and finds healing and redemption in a dance lesson that he promises to a dying person that he will attend in his place (something about a promise that the dying in The 60s with his girlfriend, whom they will meet on the “fifth day of the fifth month of the fifth year of the new millennium - an excuse to make plots around the old film in 2005?) repeating nausea almost every new scene, and a clichéd action that permeates the new film. Do not worry. There is a reason that you have never heard of this film, even if it has a Famous cast in it - it's terrible.
