And repeat, please do not watch this movie! This is more than a review. This is a warning. This sets a record for the worst, easiest comedy ever made. At least with most of the recent comedies these days, the gags are rough and flat, but the writers and directors are making at least some effort to make them ridiculous. I never get tired of repeating one of my favorite mottos: everyone thinks they can make comedies, and only 10 percent of them are right. Comedy is hard! This is not a genre with which any fool can play. I think it's terrible that the filmmakers compare this piece of garbage with "Kentucky Fried Movie". In fact, these drunks compare their so-called comic talents with the talents of the brilliant Jim Abraham and the Zucker brothers. C'mon, I've seen Paul Shor's films, which are 10 times funnier than The Underground Comedy Film. Here is an example of a comedy for those who are interested in watching this film: one sketch includes a superhero dressed as a penis named D ** kman. The whole joke is that he defeats his enemies, splashing them with sperm. That's all. That's the whole joke. Wow. This is enough for Carrot Top to roll their eyes. Another sketch includes a person who has sex with a deceased person in a porn movie. And in another sketch is a beauty contest for women bags in which we get acquainted with the terrible bikini-clad types of middle-aged women with beer giblets and stretch marks. In addition, making fun of the homeless is more sad than ridiculous. This is a step from ridicule over the mentally retarded. The whole movie must be satire. I think that the filmmakers have forgotten that the key element of satire ... is TRUE !!! For those who really enjoyed this shit, explain to me what is true in ANY of these jokes! Some of the sketches on paper might seem ridiculous, but anyone who took screen writing lessons knows that if the spectacle on paper sounds too funny, on the screen it probably won't be funny. If I tell someone about a big black muscular gay girl who saves herself for the right man, he or she will probably laugh. But viewing the premise played on the screen for about 10 minutes is a complete brake. I hate it, whenever whenever people criticize a low-brow comedy for not being funny, they are considered to be stuck cells. I just saw White Chicks recently. This is another unassuming, politically incorrect comedy, but I laugh it out. The most annoying in the "Underground comedy movie" is not funny! What the authors and directors do not understand is that just being dirty and tasteless does not work. There should be more! Remember the famous scene from the film “There is something about Mary” (ironically, it’s enough that the Bozo directors included Farrelli in their special list of thanks). The joke about semen was not just ridiculous, because it used biological fluids. There was a buildup. Ben Stiller masturbated in the bathroom, so as not to go on a date with a "loaded gun." Then he looked around and saw where all the sperm had gone after she was released. A knock at the door, and he must answer it. His date, Mary, is at the door, and that’s when it turns out that sperm is hanging from Ben’s ear. In this film, there are several jokes in which the characters squirted semen on people without any savings. As Jay Leno always says: “This comedy is not so simple, is it?” Keep this in mind, Vince Offer, because you were not meant for this genre! The only reason people might laugh at these gags is because they want to feel fashionable. Let's face it, it is now fashionable to laugh at something politically incorrect. I know that comedy is subjective ... but this film should not be ridiculous to anyone except, perhaps, the directors themselves. As a side note, the film should have been made up to fame by Michael Clark Duncan in films like “Armageddon” and “The Green Mile”. There can be no other reason why an actor of this level would like to take part in this amateur freak show. All the others in the cast are either not actors, or actors, or B-movie stars. Karen Black made a good impression on Five Easy Pieces, but I don’t think she has done anything of value since then. Slash was probably besotted in this film. Gina Lee Nolin is nothing without a Baywatch. Angelina is the biggest star of the film (considering that Duncan was not famous at the time), and there are probably still a lot of people who haven't heard about her for a good reason. I usually support extremely low-budget films, but this one deserves to fall into obscurity. I hope that the Lord will not become a cult classic! Shouldn't there be a law against spreading such crap?
