First of all ... with names like Fred Olen Ray, Brinke Stevens and Jan-Michael Vincent, as well as distributors like "Rhino" and "Troma" on the video box, you know what you come across. In the movie mania! If you really expect to see the thriller “Based on Edgar Allan Poe”, then forget about it and go straight to the magnificent series of Roger Korman’s 60s “Po”. This is a pure, genuine meanness (with only one pedestrian attempt at a plot similar to Premature Burial), complete with a variety of R-ratings, ready for sex and nude videos. However, it is certainly funny and funny in some way ... <br /> <br /> Brink (who has three nude scenes in the first 30 minutes) plays a rich, injured, insomnia-housewife Victoria Monroe, fear of premature burial stems from her belief that the same fate befell her father (Hawk Howell). Her worthless husband, Terry (Jay Richardson), has amassed serious gambling debts (because of the gangster played by Robert Quarry), and with the help of his perverted, blonde, European secretary of sex sweat Liza (Delia Sheppard) plans to deal with Brinke for her money. Well-known actress Karen Black in the role of a hypnotist briefly puts on a bright wig (she is too talented to play such an insignificant role as this), sci-fi star of the 50s Robert Clark plays a doctor and family friend, and Michael Berryman shows for a decent nightmare episode performing an autopsy on a still-living wiki. Jan-Michael Vincent basically sits outside the house in his car, looking into his eyes when Brinke enters and leaves the house. <br /> <br /> The story “Kill a Spouse for an Inheritance” a million times before, the final is an unintentional riot of laughter (ending in the direct robbery of the fetish-doll Zuni segment in TRILOGY OF TERROR), and headless FX head for this release, should sharpen their skills a bit. Brinke does a decent job making her character a bit sympathetic, but the biggest surprise for everyone is how good the former Pet Delia Sheppard penthouse is in its role. She stole all the scenes in which she was, and easily gave an outstanding performance here.
