Proof of why the Hollywood conventions work. A stale dialogue, undeveloped and flat characters and a fragmented storyline are only part of the problems of this classic gangster imitator. Attempting to be bold and different, but it seems to be an attempt to slap the magic of Bonnie and Clyde Arthur Penn (1967) and Butch Cassidy George Roy Hill and Sundance Kid (1969) - really innovative directors and films - but fall well below the bar. Problems with storylines that speak for themselves lead to the need for sound to explain problem areas. Editing again seems like an attempt to duplicate the previous classics, but sometimes it disconnects and causes more problems for me technically. Unnecessary frames are added to justify their shooting, but it would be better if they served the viewer sitting on the floor in the cutting room. Frames, black-and-white montages and occasional music are added from time to time in attempts to either differ or cover scenes that cannot move well, or replace scenes that simply did not work at all and again resemble Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid (1969). <br /> <br /> Excessively dramatic pauses between sentences, random footage of the surrounding landscape that are not needed for storytelling, plus the excessive play of little players and supporting actors. It was like the backyard camcorder directors of the late 1980s — I was wondering who was in charge of this film during production and post-production. Playing music in the majority of two frames and close-ups, and then a sudden stop in wide frames too emphasizes a weak musical score. Sound editing was not radically obvious, since the main part of the film consisted of shots, doors, steps and dialogue (the style used by new directors in the late 60s - mid 70s), but due to the lack of background noise, it seemed artificial - especially the tire. creaks on dirt roads. In my honest opinion, the biggest problem of all is that there are no “nice” characters for the audience that we could find, and we were not the main characters in this story. Neither the gangsters nor the lawyers were the characters I wanted to see as winners, and none of them focused on the “hero” - the need for any story to work for me. From the films of Penn and Hill, we know who the "heroes" are. Despite the fact that they are criminals, we love them and want them to leave. I don't care who was on the screen in this movie. I got the impression that John Milius tried to produce a non-historically accurate documentary about the events connected with the life of John Dillenger from June 1933 to July 1934 (his death). <br /> <br /> To be honest, some moments of good solid story-telling that shine brightly from the dark and gloomy canister in which this film sits. Fortunately, John Milius is getting better in future films, where he doesn't seem to be trying to “copy” other directors. Dillinger (1973) is not a waste, as many stars and celebrities who were on the verge of a breakthrough, are involved in this directing debut "with a big budget", but wait for him on the channel of a classic film, and do not spend money on rent or buy. <br /> <br />
