I saw the film again, shot by people who know nothing. I just recently reviewed the Baby Face Nelson. Now I saw Dillinger, and I have one. <br /> <br /> This movie is rubbish. I don’t know how someone in their right mind could compare it to classics such as Bonnie and Clyde. This film is far from classic. Someone called it brilliant. This is a crazy thing to say. This film can not reveal the facts, and he has the worst cast I have ever seen. I don't know whose stupid idea is to play Warren Oates as John Dillinger. First, he does not look like him at all. Secondly, by the time John Dillinger died, he was 31 years old. When Oates did this, he was 45 years old! You could even say that he is older than the real Dillinger, just by looking at him. Not only was he too old, but also Ben Johnson and Melvin Purvis. <br /> <br /> They show how Baby Nelson dies, then Homer Van Meter and finally John Dillinger. John Dillinger was killed before both. The last to die of the three was Baby Face Nelson. Writers not only do not know when they died, but they also do not know how they died. Baby Nelson was not killed after he escaped from Little Bohemia in a bathrobe. Homer van Meter was not killed by shotgun farmers. Homer Van Meter was cornered by police in St. Paul and shot from machine guns. Harry Pierpont, another member of Dillinger’s gang, was shot by the police in this film. Pierpont was not shot. Harry Pierpont was captured and sentenced to death in an electric chair. I go into what happened to Baby Face Nelson in my review of Baby Face Nelson, so I will not go into details here. Let me also add that the image of Richard Dreyfuss Baby Face Nelson is pathetic. There is a scene where he attacks Dillinger, and then gets cruelly beaten. When Dillinger beat him, he cried like a child and shouted: “Leave me alone!” Baby Nelson and John Dillinger never fought. Dillinger may not agree with Nelson’s bank robbery methods, but they never fought. Nelson also never cried like a little girl when he was beaten. They keep calling him Lester "Baby Face" Nelson. He was never known by this name in his life. Nelson’s real name was Lester Gillis, and he changed his name to George Nelson. The black guy who escaped from prison with Dillinger was Herbert Youngblood, but in this film he is known as Reed Youngblood. John Milius knows nothing. Where the hell did John Milius get his information? Perhaps I could make the movie better than him. <br /> <br /> Finally, the way they showed the death of John Dillinger is outrageous and unforgivable. The film shows how Dillinger leaves the biography with the Lady in Red and his girlfriend Billy Fréchette. By the way, Billy Frechette was not even there that night. But there was a girl named Polly Hamilton. Melvin Purvis shouts: “Johnny!” Dillinger pulls out his gun and flies to hell. It is a proven fact that Dillinger did not have a pistol that night. The FBI did not give him the opportunity to surrender, and, as soon as he was in sight, he was carried away. They didn't even have to shoot him. They were so close that powder burns were found on his face. It was a murder. They also say that John Dillinger was not killed that night. After killing a ton of civilians in the incident in Little Bohemia, can you imagine that the FBI reported that they had just killed another innocent unarmed person? It was proved that the weapons that they had at the exhibition, which allegedly was on Dillinger, were not made until Dillinger's death. I could continue that the person they killed was not John Dillinger, but I would stay here. If you want to know more, check out here <br /> <br /> If you want, check out Dillinger's version of Lawrence Tierney, but don’t waste your time on this inaccurate trash movie.
