David McKenzie's follow-up to a brilliant Young Adam wants to be a story about a lonely voyeur who feels ill at ease and tries to solve some psychosexual problems with his dead mother. He wants to be gritty, realistic and mysterious. At the same time, he wants to be ridiculous and not judging his disturbing leader when he positions himself as an adult. <br /> <br /> To achieve this goal, the film tries to be young. On his poster painted letters, similar to the letters of Juno. His original soundtrack consists of booming indie rock that tries to convince the public that Hallam is all right; just a little confused. But, oddly enough, the film is not at all young. <br /> <br /> Like the young Adam, the main mystery of the film is the drowned woman, in this case, the mother of Hellam. Young Adam keeps his secret in silence, contemplation, and strides well enough to strike you with truth as they appear. Hallam Foe does the opposite. He highlights the psychosis of his character so clearly and so early that he never does anything except his expected parameters. The first scene is Hallam in his tree house, watching his sister fooling around with her boyfriend. Hallam quickly interrupts, claiming his presence in the household. Here we see everything Hallam does for the rest of the film. <br /> <br /> The riddle of drowning his mother is whether it was suicide or murder by his father’s friend. The audience can never trust Hallam because, besides being creepy, we think that his obsession led him to insanity. This prevented mystery for me, because Hallam is too sporadic to be associated with him. At that moment, when he found some evidence that would confirm his statement, he runs away from home, at first it seems that he is looking for the police. Then he is extremely distracted by a girl who looks like his mother, who with frustration takes the story away from the mysterious element. <br /> <br /> Although Jamie Bell reveals some very cute features in his lost character, he was limited by the obviousness of his psychological needs. This film is by no means mysterious, but not stupid either. He tries to be realistic in solving such problems, but he adds a very shy sponk who registers himself as the exact opposite. This is about a heavy soundtrack, about Trainspotting, to help the audience find the main character, who scales buildings, chooses castles and breaks camp for voyeurism. These peer-eyed city adventures, in which Hellam is involved, are too difficult for the country boy to be involved in, and they are not sexy, frivolous or pleasant. They are more neutral than anything else; Do not promote a character or story. Mackenzie helps you understand Hallam, but he cannot find a common language. <br /> <br /> He expects you to enjoy the trials and tribulations of Hallam without any special ideological excuses. The film is based on the views of the audience on the voyeurism / type of person who participates in it. Obviously, it will be disgusting to most people. And Hallam Enemy understands this, but he does not allow us to see how Hallam weighs the morality of his decisions. He moves from person to person, trying to fill his deep emptiness. There is a particularly disturbing line from the love interest of Hallam Kate, where she drunkenly says: “I love creepy boys,” perhaps asking the audience to do the same. The line tries to predict its understanding of it (its motivation remains vague throughout) and tries to exclude us from judging about it. Hallam is not difficult to love, but it is very difficult to participate in his adventures, if it is an adventure at all. All this time, the film is trying to use its bright soundtrack to disguise its indecisive mood. <br /> <br /> Magnificent performances are burdened by a film with a weak third act, dirty development and Mackenzie’s overly ambiguous guidance. Recently this film was renamed to the American release, and for what reason? Not only is it more unattractive, but the harsh truth is that the Hallam character never gets the title "Mr.".
