I always wrote off this series as a complete smelly festival, because Jim Belushi took an active part in it. But once there was a tragic accident. After the White Sox game ended, I realized that the console was somehow on the other side of the room. Now I could just get up and walk around the room to get the remote, or even to the TV to turn on the channel. But then why not just stand up and walk around the country to watch TV in another state? "Nuts to this," I said. So I decided to just hang on the sofa and take everything that Fate had prepared for me. What Destiny had prepared was an episode of this show, an episode about which I remember very little, except that I again made a very broad, general general judgment based on zero objective or experience-based evidence, having nothing to to support my opinions with, and once again I was absolutely right! This show is a real cheese pie! Belushi has all the comedic hairy lighthouse delivery. Women are physically attractive, but too Stepford - in order to cause the audience some real feelings. There is absolutely no reason to stop yourself from running to the local TV station with a canister of gasoline and flamethrower and send every copy of this fool to hell. <br /> <br /> Except .. <br /> <br /> With the exception of the wonderful comics of Larry Joe Campbell, the greatest American comic actor. This guy plays Belushi's son-in-law, Andy, and he's golden. How good is he really? Well, besides being funny, his job is to make Belushi look good. It's like trying to make warts look good. But Campbell copes with the style. Someone must invent a Nobel Prize in Comic Buffoonery so that he can win it every year. Without Larry Joe, this show would consist of a slightly vacant Courtney Thorn-Smith, Belushi smacking his head with a frying pan, while he alternately beats his chest and plays with straw on the floor of his cage. 5 stars for Larry Joe Campbell was called comedic bacon, because it improves the taste of everything he is in!
