But what about Dahmer's childhood? - The double hernia operation, which is believed to have caused his obsession with the internal actions of the human body? What about "endless land"? - The game he invented in childhood, which included the destruction of the stick insects when they came too close to each other, suggesting that intimacy was the main danger. What about the relationship between his parents and the emotional problems of his mother, which were far more important than his own relationship with his father? His feelings of neglect when his brother was born? How about his hobbies for insects and animals? How could he analyze Roadkill and hang him in the woods behind his house? How about focusing more on your cannibalism? What about the divorce of his parents? These are all things that should have been included in the film. Instead, the director decided to give us a blurry “snapshot” of a night or two in his life, and combine it with a series of confusing and sometimes unnecessary memories, events that did not even have much to do with our understanding of Damer. . <br /> <br /> Why didn't the director show how Dahmer was interested in people as objects, not people? He could do this many times, especially in scenes in which he uses drugs to his victims, while he has sex with them (which actually happened at the health club, and not at a night club). Instead, he simply shows how he pushes them from behind. <br /> <br /> Although I understand that there is only so much information that you can squeeze in 90 minutes (or as many as you like), but why waste so much of a film exploring his relationship with Louis Pinet? (known as Rodney in this film). My only suggestion was that the director tried to create a character for Pineta to make us afraid or empathize with him, but this film should be about Jeffrey Dahmer, so why couldn't he spend these forty-five minutes on something else? If the scene and their relationship were important enough to justify such a time, then honestly enough, but it is not. The scene in which he kills Stephen Hicks, his first victim, is a vital part of the story of Jeffrey Dahmer, because it was the first murder, and also because of the effect that the murder had for the rest of his life. Unfortunately, the film does not explain that this was his first murder or that he did not kill again for nine years. We assume because his hairstyle is different, and he wears glasses, that is a memory, but when? And why? <br /> <br /> What about the temple that he built in his living room by the end of his career? - one of the most important keys to understanding Dahmer and his motivation. <br /> <br /> Some people may feel my need for accuracy is actually a little anal, but, having studied Jeffrey Dahmer in depth, it is clear that this film has very little in common with the person he was and crimes, which he committed. Why waste time trying to make a film based on Jeffrey Dahmer, and not solve the real problems that led him to madness and the ensuing carnage? <br /> <br /> Finally, a film with such repulsive objects as this one we must have a certificate of 18, not 15. We needed to see its perversion in more detail in order to understand how much it is divorced from us. This does not mean that the teaching actually enters Konerak Sintasomfon’s head, for example, but at least shows the number of people he killed and what his Modus Operandi was during the actual killing. Anyone who watches this movie and does not know Dahmer's story may leave, thinking that he killed only a few people. In fact, he killed seventeen people. <br /> <br /> In addition to the facts and lack of depth, the film is not so bad. There is good cinematography and good performances of the two main characters. I would like the director to do it again, who has more knowledge, more energy and more reason to create a film.
