I find it heartbreaking and inspiring that the playwright behind such hopelessly popular Hollywood films like Indiana Jones and TUMPLE OF DOOM, American Graffiti and HOWARD THE DUCK began their career with such a budget horror movie dedicated to exploitation. Perhaps, as evidence of the talent that Willard Huke and Gloria Katz will bring to an Oscar nomination later in their respective careers, the Messiah of Evil has potential, but unfortunately, it becomes disappointing precisely because he cannot muster the cinematic skill to realize it. <br /> <br /> It is assumed that a young girl goes to a small coastal town in search of a painter father, who disappeared some time ago. The fragmented narrative does not take long to give up all hope and recklessly dive into incoherent absurdity - and for some time it works wonderfully to such an extent that you start thinking that perhaps the Messiah of Evil should be removed from the gutter. Operation 70 -s as an example of treacherous mysterious horror. <br /> <br /> Surreal non-suits continue to accumulate when the daughter stumbles upon a young couple in a gloomy hotel room that is in the city to conduct a study of local residents. The legend of the “bloody moon”, a dirty and half-crazy alcoholic (played by the great Elisha Cook Jr. in perhaps the best scene of the film), who warns her about his father, who was reportedly found dead in an alley eaten a little later, blind an old woman who owns a local art gallery and who inexplicably took out of the store all the pictures of her father and, no less important, a backward, deadly protein eating a squirrel. <br /> <Part of the charm of the film - these are the bran d from pretentious surrealism, which challenges the logic and genre agreements at every stage of the path. While with Lynch this is obviously a sign of a talented creator, and with the Messiah of Evil - the boundaries between "intentional", "unintentional" and "did not really expect it to come out that way, but it's good enough - WRAP SCENE ' blurring hopelessly. <br /> <br /> Take, for example, the double narrative that flows in a picture and flows into a drug-addicted, hectic, stream of consciousness coming from her daughter when she wanders from place to find her father in search of hers, and the other is told in her father’s voice when she reads his diary. <br /> <br /> While we are still talking about the living dead, the Messiah of Evil is different and only to some extent alone - at least with the current prejudices about what a zombie film should be. The origin of the living dead here is a 100-year curse imposed on the city by the mysterious “Dark Stranger” who once came from the forest. Meanwhile, Heck finds time for fragments of critics of mass consumption in the supermarket, eating meat, which precedes the “DAWN DEAD” for a whole number of years (you already hear the MST3K line: “man is dead, only his capitalist food” canned food remains) and well thought out but poorly performed similar scene in the cinema. <br /> <br /> I generally think that a surrealist film works in cautious, weighted doses - how absurd is it to work if it is not hidden within the limits of perfectly normal? Heck, it seems, just smears it all over the picture and thereby dangerously imposes a hand. For example, when an albino picks up a girl going to a city and eats a squirrel in front of her, you can almost imagine how the director winks meaningfully at the audience, surprised and pleased with his own jokes. <br /> <br /> The overall level of filmmaking is also quite low - after the halfway mark the pace becomes confusing, and the plot is tedious and obviously goes nowhere and not particularly fast. Add to this changeable editing, the usual game and Hyuk's general inability to capture the real atmosphere - the empty streets of the coastal city are being used in a criminal way - and I would have submitted the Messiah under the “missed opportunity”, but still grindhouse lovers will find enough to appreciate - even though it’s not especially horrible, dirty or sloppy.
