Skullduggery is a strange, strange film based on Verkors' novel You Must Know Them. Expanding criticism in the film seems truly unkind, since it is a film that addresses serious topics such as humanity and calls for respect for moral standards and tolerance. But, despite its honest intentions and benevolent tone, Skullduggery is simply not a very good movie. For me, the main problem is a terribly scattered story that cannot decide how best to communicate your thoughts. The first half of the film is like watching the movie "Tarzan", similar to the jungle; it later turns into science fiction; at the end she slips into the hall of melodrama. The differences in tone between each section of the film are too great, too sharp to be overlooked. They stick out like a sore thumb and constantly remind you that you are watching a tangled, unorganized film. <br /> <br /> Adventurer Douglas Temple (Burt Reynolds) leads the archaeological expedition to the jungles of New Guinea. One of the main archaeologists participating in the tour is the attractive female scientist Dr. Sybil Graham (Susan Clark). After a hike, they stumble upon a tribe of strange ape-like creatures. These primitive, long-lost people are covered with hair and have survived for centuries without being in any way affected or affected by the development of modern man. Is there some evidence that they can be the ancestors of an early man ?? "Missing link" in the evolution of monkeys in humans. Or maybe a race of people who just look and behave differently than usual? Or even a race of animals that have begun to develop human characteristics? Archaeologists call the Tropi tribe and are initially excited by the consequences of their discovery. But everything becomes destructive when the nasty opportunist Vankruissen (Paul Habschmead) declares his intention to exploit the tribe and their idyll on behalf of the developers. He asks if “Tropi” really are “people”, and passes his arguments to the court, where he hopes to get legal support so that his own greedy ambitions can be continued. <br /> <br /> It was a very early film in Reynolds’s career, and he actually unbalanced this film, acting as if he were in a comedy, while the rest of the actors take it all very seriously. Not that Reynolds could be blamed ?? He has an impossible role, he was asked to play a charming adventurer who truly belongs to the Tarzan film. His character and film are not related to each other. Clark lives much better than a serious lady archaeologist, and there are wonderful supporting roles for British actors Edward Fox, Alexander Knox and Wilfried Hyde-White. The main disadvantage of Skullduggery is the lame and ineffective cosmetics used to give Tropi their strange hairy look. Instead of making the actors look like believable humanoids, stuck hair simply makes them look unintentionally comical. and this is just not the right idea. We should have deep sympathy for these creatures, but it is very difficult when they look unconvincing. Skullduggery is an unsuccessful attempt to tell a story that could be sharp, philosophical and stimulating. Noble intentions exist for all, but the end result does not make them fair. Worthy failure it can be, but, nevertheless, failure.
