While the general idea of ​​Escape from Atlantis was intriguing, I found that the film turned out to be much smaller than I had hoped for after reading the storybook. Perhaps I am too big a child in the technological age: the film was shot, as in 2002, the official film five years ago - after watching fantastic epics, such as "The Lord of the Rings", and science fiction feats, such as "Star Wars" In general, this can not be compared with other films of a similar line, such as “Dinotopia” or “Odyssey” by Homer. <br /> <br /> In essence, my problem is that I cannot tell - I am about the same age of children (young people), and it will not be difficult for them to put themselves in the place of a middle-aged man, if this character is available. But the picture did not lead me to another mental plane of existence. I did not find myself saying “ACK! I would do the same! It did not open the door to my imagination. Even without comparing it to high-budget films or other television films, standing alone, some aspects of this trait that I find cliche: the development of character in children took place too quickly, in my opinion, because of too much stereotypical selfish teenager bitter after a divorce "turns into a feeling" we are a big big happy family, let's never be separated ", which can ultimately create or break a picture in the long run. Even the characters themselves could undergo improvement: a typical set of certain stereotypes. There was an omnipresent, selfish beauty looking rebellious, accompanied by Mr. Ideal, combining athletics, beautiful appearance and intellect, and at the same time thoughtful attitude, and, finally, an intelligent, little brother whom we find so common these days. Despite the fact that I know that the characters have advanced the plot, I think that adding more individuality in terms of nuances and unique differences would make it more enjoyable - and believable (as far as character) - the film. <br /> <I have to raise my glass to the costume and arrange the scene, which cost me to finish to the end. Do not misunderstand me: all films are worth seeing for yourself, and the opinion of one person can never take into account the opinion of many, but I think that with a little more depth of the script and a little more (I can not believe, I say that) reality, I dare say that Escape from Atlantis might be magical.
