The main problem with the Czech Dream documentary is that in fact it doesn’t say what it thinks. <br /> <br /> In bold - I do not dare to use the word "inspired" - an act of street theater, Vit Klusak and Philip Remund, two film students from the Czech Republic, committed a major corporate deception, which served as the basis for their film: they deliberately produced a fake “hypermarket” (Eastern European equivalent of Costco or Wal Mart Super Store) built an entire advertising campaign around it - replete with billboards, commercials on radio and television, an official logo, a memorable musical theme and a photographer s counterfeit goods - and then waited to see how "doping" will be to create them. on the opening day. They even built an improvised facade to convince people that the store itself really exists. <br /> <br /> Someone may ask: “Why is this necessary?” Well, this is a very good question, but the answer given by filmmakers is not entirely satisfactory. In fact, we were told that the purpose of the trick was to show how easy it is to manipulate people, forcing them to believe in something — even something that does not correspond to reality — simply by means of advertising. And the filmmakers run for moral cover, claiming that the “real” (that is, higher) goal of the charade is to convince the Czech people not to succumb to all the advertisements prompting them to join the European Union. Fair enough, especially when you consider that real advertisers who have agreed to accept the trick, declare opposition to unethical lies to customers, but at the same time justify their cooperation in deception, arguing that this is a form of "research" that works and does not work in advertising. In a sense, by allowing them to be caught on camera, by making these comments, these advertising men and women are the same deceivers of directors, like unsuspecting people who are the main goal of the trick. <br /> <br /> But in many respects the satirical arrow not only does not hit the intended target, but ironically resets those directors who released it. Because it is they who are not kindhearted and, naturally, gullible people, who ultimately turn out to be unethical and classless here, as they continue to fool quite decent people, some of whom are old and disabled, and have to travel long distances on foot to get to places. And what should all this prove in any case? That people are "greedy" because they go to open a new supermarket in search of benefits? Or that they are stupid and gullible, because they do not suspect that there may not be a real market, even if it was advertised? Such vigilance would require a level of cynicism that would make it almost impossible to function in the real world. <br /> <br /> No, I'm afraid that this clever and disgusting little “trick” only proves that it’s completed and the filmmakers are doing what some really good people feel like idiots. And indeed, many of them, when they finally discover the trick with which they played, react with kindness and good humor, I am not sure that I would be able to get together if I were in their position. <br /> <br /> I’m not saying that the film doesn’t capture - something like the fact that he witnessed a massive road accident in action - but when the dust finally settled down and all the disappointed customers returned with a red face and with empty hands to their home, we can safely say that they are not the ones who should be ashamed.
