When I saw this movie, I heard all the hype, and I heard people say that Denzel deserves an Oscar along with his Golden Globe, and I thought he must have done an outstanding job, considering that Kevin Spacey was excellent . I was wrong. I understand that people say this in order not to annoy the African-American community (if they are not African-Americans themselves). I always hear complaints that African Americans are never being promoted and how they should have been victorious. Sometimes it’s true (not so much at the moment) because Whuppy Goldberg had to win the best actress in “The Color Purple” and the film had to win the best picture. The only reason this film was so exploded is that people watch a film about (* SEMI-SPOILER *) the difficulties of an African American during a very racist period of time, and they automatically label it as a masterpiece. <br /> Denzel Washington is an outstanding actor, but his role in this film has not affected me at all. I was bored with him in the film, and his play here was very similar to his role in Malcolm X, but not so good. The audience should give up the belief that this man, Ruby Carter, is a saint. People left films, worshiping this man, this hero, and they came out and bought his book, making this hero a rich man. <br /> <br /> * SPOILERS * This film tells about a man who spent most of his life in prison mainly for crimes that he did not commit. Of course, the crimes he committed (mostly theft) were only to survive, nothing more. People felt sorry for him, although drug dealers and thieves probably accounted for the same for the same reasons, but in society they look down on them. Everything in this film is trying to portray this man as a saint (with the exception of the obvious infidelity that he had towards his wife and the aggression he showed towards another man when he met his wife), but why not - in the end This is his point of view. I don't like movies (especially Hollywood interpretations) that are based on “real” stories, because they usually distort the “true” parts into something else, something is wrong, really. It was his point of view and the Hollywood construction, but everyone unconditionally believed that it was true. Well, I investigated his past a bit before making any assumptions, and he was a very cruel person. Moreover, there is a possibility that he killed these people. If you do not believe me, look for it on the Internet and read the articles about it that some people have. The boxing match, which he claimed to have won so easily, was actually won by his opponent Joey Jardello, and there are records confirming this. In addition, there are many distorted and intentionally missed facts in this film. The supporting roles were the nicest people I’ve ever seen on Earth, and their “sweet and beautiful” personality was hard to maintain. <br /> <br /> This film was a Hollywood version of another unfortunate story. A story that still has to be told truthfully. Denzel's acting is outdated, and the relationship with Mickey Mouse from the cast is annoying. The film also starts very slow and boring.
