I heard a lot about this movie, and people who write to me say that I have to watch it, because I am a fan of extremely bloody, bloody films. I almost immediately got him into my own hands, but one or the other always prevented me from looking at it — until now. I would be better if I did not remember that I had it. <br /> <br /> This movie was terrible. Worst of all, it could be much better than it actually was. I know that it was the story of Clive Barker and all that, and no, I did not read this story, but it seems to me that if you do not do this, then you, like me, will be completely ignorant and completely disappointed. <Br /> <br /> The film begins quite well - the actors are convincing, the story is interesting. The first scene is bloody - a great way to get your attention. I thought the blood looked a little bad, but seeing that it was the very first scene, I hoped for an improvement later. I was wrong. <br /> <br /> Blood and its consequences are so terrible that my intellect was almost an insult when one could believe that, for example, someone could knock a man’s head off his shoulders using only a meat hammer. WTF? CGI blood (did they even use ANY "real" blood? My household things look better than everything used in this movie!), Incredible acts of dismemberment (eyeballs stick out only from hitting the back of the head; hands gently cut off - no one remembers that goats all over the body?!), too dark scenes (each scene is either of a strange yellow color, or hidden in the shadow) ... it gets worse and worse. I found that I point to an error after an error. There's too much there. Add this to the fact that what could and should have been a great movie about a serial killer eventually turned into some kind of demonic / supernatural / monstrous movie ... no thanks! He should have been kept like a creepy guy who kills people on the subway — well, with the added conspiracy theory and an overly zealous photographer. Maybe they kill people and sell meat through a meat factory? Believable, doable ... and, I think, much better than the "real" story. That could and should have worked. Instead, he became “a creature living at the end of the old tunnel, and everyone knows about it, except for you, and if you don’t read the book, well ... you just never understand it.” Fiasco. It is tragic that it is terrible to do with a film with such potential. If you like senseless fake blood and gore, you'll like it. But if you have half the brain in your head, then you will hate it completely. Stay away - far, far away.
