I don't know why, but I thought I had seen this movie before. Maybe it was the name, maybe the poster looked like that, I don't know. In any case, it was quite promising at the beginning. And even throughout the film there were some bright moments. Maybe because I'm not a big fan of horror, and I do not often watch them, but this one did sometimes look fresh. But otherwise it is not so good. Laugh sometimes The film goes slowly, sometimes you will be so bored that you forget what the story was about. Characters are not great either. All of them. The butcher is fine, it seems creepy and crazy enough. Although I did not understand what these strange things were on his chest (this whole scene looked just false and a bit unusual), and why did he collect them in banks at home? The basic guide is simple. His character is really hard to believe, and he is not very developed. But I suppose it's the scriptwriters' fault. For example, why did he cry when photographing his girlfriend? Side composition is also bad. But the main thing that I hated in this film was a girl. My God, when women in horror movies will have brains? This is ridiculous. The girl finds out that the maniac took the camera of her boyfriend, tries to call the police, but this fails, and then she thinks of a better idea. Why don't we just go and get it! I know where the maniac lives! Aha It's good! And then look for the camera in the bathroom! Why not? And then enter the room, see the bag, which was not there before, and just look inside. Maybe there is a camera? Not there. But a lot of interesting things. Brilliant. Mmmm. Being aware of this bag means that the butcher has returned too hard for her tiny tiny brain. Then, of course, the endless stunt of "falling, running away," which really made him look bad. Then, in order to drive the last nail into the character, at the end of the film she enters the van COMPLETELY with dead bodies hanging down, shouting “Noooo,” as if she had just tore up her Gucci bag, and goes on to the wagon. .. god Come on. Nobody thinks it's just, oh, stupid? Just awful. If her character were not so bad, perhaps the film would have received one or two more stars from me. And I would even forgive MMT characters who can get hit on the head with a steel hammer (this dude on the train the conductor killed), butcher vests that can protect against bullets, strange and cheap monsters at the end (I didn’t read Clive’s novel Barkers, so I have no idea where these monsters came from, the fact that no one cared that hundreds (judging by the skeletons in the dungeon) disappeared in the city, and the main character who did not bleed death when he tore his tongue (he barely noticed it, I think). Oh, and a predictable ending. Damn, I knew the end was halfway through, it's just disappointing. The only reason I still pay tribute to the creators is that the film as a whole looks better than most of the horrors I have seen in the past few months. The visual style is good, some shots were really good and good CGI, which made the killings really brutal. (although the blood didn’t look real at all) I think some will like it, some will, like me, look if there is nothing else to look at, and some simply hate it.
