I heard and read a lot of praise about the Midnight Meat Train, which is based on a short story written by no less than Clive Barker, and presumably the best adaptation of his work from the time of the original Hellraiser, which he led, but before so far. I can only express very mixed feelings about my viewing experience. The most appropriate term to sum up the whole movie in one word: nausea! The violence is sadistic and extreme, which undoubtedly attracts young horror fans, but it is also indescribably unwarranted and exploitative. Usually I am a very violent advocate, but this should serve at least some purpose. Massacre ?? literally ?? Pictured in the Midnight Meat Train is intended solely to shock and repel the audience with weak nervous systems and it is easy to upset the stomachs, and even this is not very effective due to the use of digital computer effects. There are more flaws, some even more than meaningless blood, but perhaps I should first focus on the good elements. The basic concept is definitely promising, and the multitude of sequences (for example, the chase in the freezer) literally oozes with a gnawing nail of uncertainty and a creepy atmosphere. Unfortunately, the pace is very uneven, and the development of a potentially fantastic plot becomes overly confusing. Presumably, the processing of a short story in a long feature film script is responsible for rhythm disturbances, but I sincerely feel that they could have done more with a denouement, as well as with the character played by Vinnie Jones. The plot introduces Leon, a novice photographer in New York, whose agent advises to look for a really threatening face of the city with the help of sinister photos. Then Leon becomes obsessed with the pursuit of an introvert and a suspiciously incoming butcher, who is always waiting for the midnight train. Leon is right because the butcher turns out to be an implacable serial killer who literally crushes his victims with a big hammer, but the killer’s motives and behavior suggest that something much more substantial happens on the tracks at night. The Midnight Meat Train takes place in naturally disturbing places, such as at night subway stations and slaughterhouses, plus the film also wins in good acting qualities and in a huge number of disgusting images (such as corpses on meat hooks and carriages covered in blood ), but directed by Ryûhei Kitamura ("Versus", "Godzilla Final Wars") does not fully use all of this. The final leaves many unanswered questions, and even if Clive Barker wanted him to be that, I still think we deserved a little more clarifying final. The Midnight Meat Train is a somewhat intriguing and uniquely haunting movie, but not without defaults. It is not intended for easily offended spectators, but perhaps people who are looking for consistency and clarity of plot should be left alone.
