Is this the same Kim Ki Duk who led the sharp, long-lasting testimony of life "Spring, summer, autumn, winter and spring"? The same Kim Ki Duk, who led the refined, almost silent, heartbreaking desire to "3 Iron"? The same Kim Ki Duk, who blinded us with the stunning tragedy of the Coast Guard and made us think about the ugliness of sloppy teenage prostitution, before returning to our almost patented natural motive to allow all of us (the characters and the audience) to experience redemption in Samaritan? I just can't find it in this movie. Oh, of course, the motive of nature Kim is still present. The action of the film takes place entirely on a lake surrounded by mountains, and on fishing floats, quietly lying on the surface of calm waters. Yes, this is Kim Ki Duk, everything is in order. Kim even describes the film as “beautiful” in an interview included in the special features of the DVD. But I'm no longer sure what that means after watching this rotten presentation. <br /> <br /> What is good about angry potty prostitutes, lustful, cruel fishermen and lip fisherman, greedy dumb trafficker, outright animal torture, the consequences of self-destruction and the pace that sickeningly varies between bestial flesh and senseless cruelty? These are the only elements of humanity that appear in this extremely ridiculous and ultimately meaningless film. If it is based on a fable, conceived as a parable or symbolizes something more, this reviewer is not familiar with the source material. This was favorable compared to the “audition” of Japanese director Takashi Miike (to Kim’s great satisfaction), but besides some amazingly good performances, especially considering what they had to work with, leading actors Seo Jung and Kim Yu Suk, I think There are few reasons to recommend this movie. I have not seen "Listening", but I doubt that this will in any way change my view of "The Island". His violence is pornographic and stupidly sadistic. His sex is not pornographic, but passionless and masochistic. Characters behave in an annoying rush because there is no plot. Its meaning is either missing or, I admit, lost among Korean cultural fads that I cannot understand. <br /> <br /> The only cinema in the cinema that is classic Kim: boats floating in the mist slowly across a serene lake, mountainous terrain dominates the background, and the figurative and playful use of color. Sometimes it seems that the audience is locked in a large room Kim Ki Duk. Some touches, such as the mysterious and seductive dumb trader, played by Jung, and the pleasantly strange use of motorcycles, are intriguing. But like a film, this effort is completely confusing and, in the end, offensive to the senses, and not to the senses. Hopefully, Kim will leave this type of filming in the garbage heap of his past, since we know that he is capable of much more.
