“Mayerling” is the same good advertising of republicanism that you have ever seen. This is the daily history of the royal people in Austria in the late nineteenth century. During one of the seemingly unceasing internal turmoil in Europe, this concerns Emperor Franz Joseph (James Mason), his rebellious son, Crown Prince Rudolph (Mr. Omar Sharif), Empress (Miss Ava Gardner) and various mistresses, secret police , spies, extravagantly uniformed pojenjays, gypsies, dancers, wives, soldiers, swans, horses, and a strange inbred network of European royals during the time of the Austro-Hungarian Empire Franz Joseph. Filmed in the fact that the old movie posters were called “The Riot of Color”, it resembles nothing more than the expensively dressed, but intellectual staging of the “Student Prince”. Mr. James Mason, dressed in a very elegant little white number, uses his universal Mitteleuropean accent when he remembers. I am his big fan, and I sincerely hope that the reward was proportionate to the disgust he clearly felt for the character he played. Mr. Omar Sharif, who has built a career, largely based on the fact that he is looking straight into the camera with his big brown eyes and looks soulful, gives a stunningly monotonous performance in the role of his son, Crown Prince. He is completely unconvincing as the man who is in the film The Least - get through the hidden side of the Austrian aristocracy. With his well-plastered locks, firmly in place, he preens and poses in more and more unlikely uniforms. As a rebel, he talks about the conversation, but apparently can not walk, walking, leaving the bottom button canceled on one of his tunic about how much his insubordination goes. Unhappily married, he falls in love with a commoner. Catherine Deneuve, he barely promotes the envelope. Miss Deneuve has a profile to die for, and we see quite a lot of it, especially in the sequence set in the ballet. Now I love ballet as much as the next man, but this sequence seems to go on for too long, a more cynical critic could consider her a “complement.” Rudolph's mother, the Empress, is played by Miss Ava Gardner. She plays the role of a good old American company, making her look a bit like Auntie Mom, but this is done in an undeniable style. Rudolph certainly loves his mother very much - I will say no more strongly than this. The only thing worth seeing is the performance of Mr. James Robertson Justice in the role of Sir Lancelot Spratt - excuse me, Edward, Prince of Wales. He is so surprised that everything happens around him, and this is a joy to me. I waited in vain for him to ask for Rudolph. the immortal question "What is the bleeding time?". I am not competent to dispute the historical authenticity of Mayerling, but, in my opinion, everything else in this matter is risky. This is a ruthan opera-buff without melodies that will send you home with a whistle of theater.
