Despite the fact that I knew people who are either big fans of Noam Chomsky, or think that he is a tired relic of the 1960s, I really did not have an opinion about this man, except that I knew that he had gained fame as a linguist, although I could not explain any of them. his theories, and that he was a liberal socialist with Marxist leanings. So, bumping into the DVD of the 2003 documentary film by Noam Chomsky: “Rebel Without a Pause”, in the video store — the film that followed him in the 2002 book tour of his 9–11 book — I decided to buy it, just so I could to have a little knowledge of the person, the next time a person, for or against, spoke of him. Despite the fact that I was glad that I received the film, my first reaction to this boring and poorly edited hagiography was such, what is all the noise about? <br /> <br /> For a person with so many degrees, who are praised as “the most important living intellectual” “The New York Times, according to the DVD case, there certainly wasn’t much, if we talked intellectually. I know that I would chew it up and spit it out in the debate, and I wouldn't even want to see what William F. Buckley can do to him. Of course, the whole film was about Chomsky seeing conspiracies everywhere, and the pupils' frozen eyes nod in amazing approval of the most stupid and outrageous words he would say, and not about linguistics, so perhaps that is why he walked away so badly, But , again, if he is a linguist and a leader in his field, why in the world does anyone care what he says about something beyond his competence ??? Even worse, his assistants, who seem to isolate man from reality even more, developing the misconception that Chomsky is the target for Zionist murderers. The little that I knew about Chomsky before watching this film, that I knew: he was usually considered to be largely irrelevant to the intellect since the collapse of the Soviet Empire. The film is so poorly structured and without a narrative thread that it is difficult to separate all the unrest. His wife, Carol, as an example, apparently gave one interview, which was hacked and thrown away in any part of the film. She seems to be quite a nice woman, but not at all in her element, answering anything but the most basic questions about their lives. The only interesting thing she says is that 9/11 was a great event for Chomsky, since he has been reaping a lot of money to pay for speeches since then. <br /> <br /> Not surprisingly, this film provides almost no biographical background. It is assumed that all viewers should know all the praises that this "great man" carries. Chomsky rarely gives one-on-one interviews. Stylistically, there are no camera movements, no interesting edits, no signatures, and most of the film is Chomsky's disjointed hamsters, Khuzsky’s video recording, declaring this or that, and ruthless and reverent students looking at him as if he were intangible, that is, when stupid students do not ask him barely audible and ridiculously simplified questions. This is really a bad production of the film by director and editor Will Pasco, who in the Director's Statement on DVD shows that he is another uncritical assistant to Chomsky. In addition, one of the surest signs that this is not an objective documentary, but simply agitprop and a vain part of agitprop, is that Chomsky has never fought with the answer. It seems he knows no bounds. <br /> <br /> Considering that most of this drowsiness was lifted during Chomsky’s lectures at McMaster University, Ontario, Canada, prior to the US invasion of Iraq in 2003. Much of what Chomsky says is as far away as things from the era of the Vietnam War. Yes, he makes some good remarks, here and there, about the complicity of the American media before the war, but he follows them with sheer insanity, since he does not seem to understand that most of the conspiracies are special, not fully planned plots. As an example, he argues that the advertising industry is a clique that mercilessly controls the population, but does not say a word about the zombie population, which allows itself to control itself. In the same way, he argues that trilateralists rule the world, and that fear of people is another result of the clique. Of course, this statement completely explains the rape crisis centers, and all that wastes the time and money spent by district prosecutors. He also makes the absurd claim that Cuba has been a victim of terrorism for decades, when Castro and his company were its major sponsors in Latin America, Asia and Africa, until the Soviet Union fell. I can only guess that the UFO conspirators are just waiting for Chomsky to announce that the gray aliens have set up species impregnation centers in Idaho. <br /> <br /> In his simple, gray-free world, Chomsky is frighteningly as dense as the members of Bushko, whom he condemns; Moreover, they do not claim to be intellectuals. In short, Chomsky is a person who lives in the past, above his head on most issues and from the depths of his intellect. Toward the end of the film, he warns: “Be careful when you hear that intellectuals are fighters for justice,” but you can only laugh, because this person apparently never met a revolutionary person or an idea he didn’t like, whatever barbarous she was. their crimes and their anti-intellectual positions. Please pause before spending your time and money on this stupid and irrelevant DVD.
