DarkWolf tells the story of a young waitress named Josie (Samayr Armstrong), who led a rather ordinary life until her friend Mary (Tippi Hedren) was killed by a werewolf, you see that werewolves do exist in modern America and there is even a Special an organization to deal with the threat of a werewolf led by detective Steve Turley (Ryan Olosio), who finds it difficult to tell Josie that she is actually a thoroughbred werewolf and that the so-called “dark prince” werewolf (Kane Hodder) wants aritsya with it and create a new breed of werewolves with pure blood, which is to take over the world or something like that. It is clear that Josie is hard to believe, until she sees the evidence with her own eyes. It all depends on werewolf police officer Steve to save Josie, the day and the world ... <br /> <br /> Co-performer of producer and director Richard Friedman. I thought DarkWolf was a pretty bad budget shot for a horror movie from a digital video camera that really didn't do anything for me. Jeffrey Alan Holliday's script starts quite promisingly when he is set up in a strip club with lots of naked breasts on the show, and then a werewolf attack occurs that leaves someone splattered everywhere, but after this decent opening sequence, I almost go down I am afraid. For a start, it's slow, boring, predictable, and there are a lot of annoying characters who come out with a lot of bad dialogues and do stupid things, for example, when they have the opportunity to shoot a werewolf that isn’t there, I have no idea why, but they just prefer stand there instead. The script is stupid and does not explain why Josie never turned into a werewolf before? Is she really the only one? Why can't this “dark prince” find another werewolf woman? There are also many other things that have no meaning or no sense at all, like an ancient book, which seems quite important in a fist, but then completely forgotten about half the way, but you still understand, in general, the film develops very linearly a very predictable climatic clash that is at least not thrilled. <br /> <br /> Directed by Friedman well illuminates the film with bright neon, but this is not news or originality, and in fact the film does not improve the spectacle. Now let's talk about the special effects or, more precisely, their absence, because the effects in DarkWolf are far from special, the Werewolf transformation is achieved using CGI, and this is one of the worst CGI I've ever seen, seriously, Playstation will be confused by this computer . graphics. This is perhaps the worst transformation of the Werewolf I have ever seen. The American Werewolf in London (1981) was made over 25 years ago, but the special effects of this literally light years ahead of those observed in DarkWolf, who says that special effects have improved over the years? The animatronic puppet effects are also not much better, although at least there is something mental on the screen. The blood is not so great after the bloody murder has opened, there is a little splash of blood and a lot of dead bodies, but not much more. This is a big part of women's nudity, if it's your business, but don't worry too much, because you still have to watch a horrible movie, is it worth it? <br /> <br /> Technically, DarkWolf is fine. except, perhaps, the worst effect of CGI, it is quite well done and, at least, has a production value. Acting is what you really expect. <br /> <br /> DarkWolf is another low-budget horror movie that litters the shelves of video stores and clutters up the graphics of obscure cable television stations, I did not think so. it was just as bad as some, but it's like saying that going to the dentist is a little more fun than going to the funeral, although when all is said and done, they are both terrible ...
