The order begins in Rome, where the head of a special order of priests dealing with ghosts and demons named Brother Dominic (Francesco Carnelutti), was found dead, cut in New York, where one of his order, Alex Bernier (Heath Ledger), is associated with Supreme Cardinal Driscoll ( Peter Weller), who asks him to investigate the mysterious circumstances of the death of Dominic. Together with his girlfriend Mara Willims (Shennin Sossamon) and fellow priest Thomas Garrett (Mark Addy), Alex goes to Italy to understand the death of his mentor, and as soon as the truth begins to appear, Dominic was the “Eater of Sins”, imbibed strangers. sins and lived with the burden of them so that they could die in peace, and that the Church was not pleased with his actions. Alex must do what is right, even if it goes against what he believes ... <br /> <br /> Also know that under the name "Sin Eater" this joint American-German joint production was written , produced and directed by Bian Helgeland & didn 'I really do so much for me if I'm honest and usually honest. In any case, let's start with a mess of the script, in which there are some good ideas, but it is completely predictable, painfully boring and boring, sometimes stupid, and takes itself too seriously. The whole concept is stupid, and even though she thinks she is smart, with her so neat turn, which ties everything together and completes the story, I thought it was the most obvious and lazy way to finish things. There are common religious topics here: morality, sin, forgiveness, faith, faith, prophecy, blah, blah, blah, you know, something like that. In addition, there are twists and turns that are easy to see, there is an abuse of power by high-ranking clergymen, corruption, greed, evil, etc. You know what the clichéd Hollywood ideals and themes are that are reused every time when it comes to the Church. The Order cannot say anything new, and, being a serious film, it sucks a lot. I’m not so sure who the Order is called to, as a die-hard horror fan, I didn’t see any horror in it, like a thriller, it is less exciting, like a mystery, it’s too predictable, and there’s nothing here that could really capture or support interest, and for some reason I cannot understand that IMDb also lists the Order as a fighter who is absurd because it is as exciting and intense as the average episode of Sesame Street (1969 - present) Maybe it's rude, but this is what I think ... <br /> <br /> Directed by Helgeland copes with its work, the film looks very soft, and everything looks a bit grayish and boring. For the supposed horror film, “The Order” is very easy in relation to panic or elements of horror, in fact, there is not one, except for two evil children who can turn into a flock of birds for no apparent reason, do not ask. Forget about any blood or violence, because there is nothing good, but it would at least make the Order look watchable. According to the IMDb section of 'Trivia', the release date of The Order was postponed, so some special effects could be improved, because they looked unintentionally funny, all I can say is that judging by the finished film, the effects had to be really bad to run. . with the fact that they are not quite brilliant, as now. <br /> <br /> I was amazed to see that the Order had a budget of about $ 28,000,000, which is a hell of a lot of money, and I just don’t see where it all separated from sets and production designs that are good. The whole movie looks and feels very average and completely forgotten. With acting, everything is in order, although annoying fat, seemingly a kind of comic relief, annoying, a good actor such as Peter Weller deserves better than this one. <br /> <br /> Order, I prefer the name Sin Eater really is not so important: he misses all his goals for the notorious mile, as I understand it, and this is quite a boring way to spend 100 extra minutes of his life, so don't do that! Not recommended.
