Even if this film was supposedly a joke in response to criticism, it is still a horrible film. If someone is going to do such things, at least make it a good joke ... first, Jeroen Krabbe, I suppose Gerard Depardieu is a poor man ... naturally, I hate Gerard Depardieu, although he was Very funny in "Iron Mask" three musketeers one. Otherwise, for me he is a box office poison, and Jeroen Krabbe is worse than this. Poor man's poisoned box office ... in fact it is unfair to those who are disenfranchised. If the “Fourth Man” should be a kind of criticism of the bourgeoisie ... what am I saying? it's not like that. Let's just say hypothetically, if it should have been, it was not sharp enough. Satire is a tricky thing ... if it's not sharp enough, then instead the viewer becomes a joke ... I think that’s what happened. The story ends in that it becomes a bunch of disgusting disgusting characters who do not do anything that anyone could care about and in an interesting way ..... (for more interesting and worthwhile use, see any Luis Bunuel film ... . very sharp satire) <br /> <br /> [potential warning about a spoiler] <br /> <br /> In fact, the shock work in the cemetery, which the heroine Jeroen Krabbe is trying so hard to achieve ... does it bother you at all? this is ridiculous? Since Mr. Woerhoven should be a good director, I will give him the advantage of doubt and assume that it was some kind of misanthropic joke that got out of control ... although I guess he didn’t shoot Jeroen Krabbe because he is the worst the actor, and every character he played, was a pretentious bourgeois ass ... except that he was incompetent in that. So it becomes a strange caricature. Do you think Mr. Woerhoven did this on purpose? and Jeroen Krabbe - also a joke? I just don't see it ... So, you understand the dilemma that I faced here, right? This is the worst movie ever, because it must be a good director. So there is some kind of hype. I knew that Patch Adams was terrible, not even seeing it. Do not be deceived by the deceptively attractive packaging of the “Fourth Man” or by the reputation of Mr. Verhoeven as a good director, etc. And so on.
