This excuse for the film reminded me a lot of what I heard about “Gigli”, that Ben and Jen had failed earlier this summer. The “Order” was clearly edited to such an extent that the scenes, instead of forming a cohesive and provocative film, were a collection of disparate sequences that could do little to demonstrate the similarity of a single plot. Now I'm a fan of Heath Ledger (“10 Things I Hate in You,” “The Story of a Knight,” and especially his role in Monster's Ball), but my man should find a better agent for himself. Keep accepting scripts such as Order and Four Feathers, and he will soon come to the movies to oblivion. <br /> <br /> Here are the problems that I had with the film. First, the director tried to fill the flaws of his main plot, presenting two other plot lines that seemed to have little to do with something, well, in many ways. Hanks of the plot with the participation of an American who is trying to capture the Vatican and the Dark Papa, although they were slightly interesting, did not do anything to tell the viewer about the main characters. Attempts to tie these threads at best were pitiful. Secondly, please do not insult the viewer's intellect by inserting obviously obligatory scenes into the film. We were producing fear, love, and the most idiotic sex that looked like a page directly from "Matrix Reloaded" with stunning skull techno music. Instead of developing character, these elements seemed to be cheap devices that they obviously were, hesitantly trying to put teenagers, chewing popcorn, on the seats. Thirdly, and most importantly, this film seemed to have an intriguing concept. We have a scandal, we have a religion, and we have supernatural powers in the game. Why do we know almost nothing about anyone's origin? We learn a little about Alex, but even he refuses the passion of the priesthood to sleep with a woman two days later, a woman who tried to kill him during an exorcism at some point in the past. And Alex is the most advanced, if you can call it that, character in the whole movie. <br /> <br /> Now it's a cliché, if you are going to see one movie this year, make sure that it is not. this. There are about ten interesting minutes from the unbearable 101-minute romance. The only thing that saved me is to go with a girl who I really like. <br /> <br /> 1 out of 10. I am disappointed. Feed it firmly under-had potential, but blew it over editing and poor direction. Hit, my man, go back to the spherical cameos of the Monster. They really suit you.
