In the old days of the Catholic Church, the sin eater was a man who, through ritual, took upon himself the sin of a dying man. Often these people were excommunicated or like people whom the church did not release, thereby depriving them of the opportunity to go to heaven. The sin eaters were considered blasphemous, bypassing the monopoly of redemption. Sex is a little bit with some obvious supernatural mojo, let the concept wander where possible, and you have “Order”, a film that combines religious anti-authoritarianism “Stigmatov”, paranormal investigation of “The X-Files” and sexual spirituality “The Thorn Birds” in strange melange that sometimes works. <br /> <br /> Alex (Heath Ledger) is a rogue outcast, one of the last members of the Order of the Carolingians, a semi-theoretical order of knowledge-seeking priests who fight demons. When mentor Alex is found dead under strange circumstances, Bishop Driscoll (Peter Weller) sends Alex to investigate. Accompany each other are Caroling Thomas (Mark Addy) and Mara (Shennin Sossman), who were subjected to one of Alex's exiles a year earlier. All three are sent to Rome to investigate and are drawn into the dark underworld of a strange Catholic heresy, sinister prophecies, demonic invasions and a man claiming to be the last surviving sinner (Benno Furmann). <br /> <br /> Written and directed by Brian Helgeland (who worked with the same directors on the scatter shot and the hesitant “Knight Tale”), the film is strange and difficult to classify. It wants to be several things at once — a supernatural thriller, a religious intrigue, a dramatic television pilot — and only sometimes succeeds in any of them. It did not help with a slow pace or the fact that most actors seem to be moaning their actions with random bursts of brilliance. Ledger, in particular, has an especially amazing monochrome scene of despair. Sossman, however, showed the same disconnected performance that she gave in all of her films (especially in The Rules of Attraction). <br /> <br /> The plot itself twists between two different plot arcs, you are interested in which one is main, where each arc contains its share of red herrings. The large gaps in the narrative seem to be sometimes lost between scenes, which can confuse many, but this is also one of the saving graces of the film. The structure of the film - combined with the fact that until the very end of the film there will never be a truly explicit antagonist - forces the viewer to analyze and reason at a time when most films are completely obvious about everything (except for this historical background of the Carolingians and the practice of sinful food, which are explained in dry terms). Even at the beginning of the film, the relationship of character and history is displayed instead of explanation. Combine this with on-site shooting and sensible use of special effects, and you have a supernatural thriller from the very old world, and even the opening credits are reminiscent of something from the late 70s to the early 80s. <br /> <br /> A brief reference here is also about David Thorn’s delicate and organic score, a combination of minimalist orchestration and exotic vocal in the style of Lisa Gerrard. A very good account that evokes memories without being pompous and exists in very deceptive simplicity. <br /> <br /> Confusing plot, lack of purpose, and sometimes sleepy performances often led to the curse of the film, but for some reason, the “Order” remains watchable. Many people will be very distracted by the film because of its strange sensitivity, and some may even get angry that they are forced to use the higher functions of their brain to figure it out. However, the sheer immateriality of the film will not allow him to be either critical or commercial success until the DVD, which I am sure will be supplied with a copious amount of deleted scenes. Recommended movie only for people who love to think while watching. 6 out of 10.
