Being an avid fan of Flashman George MacDonald Fraser’s books, I was looking forward to seeing Flash on the big screen when this film was first released. Unfortunately, then it was a huge disappointment - so I left him alone for 20 years before returning to watch it again, but the second time was no better. Mr. Fraser is an extremely skilled writer, but I am not a fan of his screenplay film with Richard Lester. The tendency to slap spoiled the Three Musketeers to me, and the same applies here. For me, the whole tone and feeling of the film is wrong. The Flashman books are incredibly funny, but they are adventure novels. There are a lot of seriousness in how Flashman has adventures — after all, he is involved in dangerous situations. It is transmitted in novels, but not transmitted to tape due to its comedic style. This is a terrible shame, as it could be a great movie if it were a more accurate adaptation of the style of the book. When I first read that the book was supposed to be filmed, the article said that the film was supposed to play the role of Oliver Reed. I was happy, because Reed was the epitome of Flashman for me. I wish I could see him in the role. Malcolm McDowell is a good actor, but he does not fit into the visual image of the Flashman, created by books (too skinny to look! A Flashman must be a big fan). Still, Reed was as magnificent as Bismarck. What kills the film is that it is made as a comedy. The only scene in which the true atmosphere of the book is created is the scene in which Flashman kills de Gaute (Tom Bell). A big shame, because the production values, costumes, scenery, etc. are excellent, and the actors as a whole are excellent - almost everyone in the film is well played, except for Malcolm McDowell. Perhaps the leadership of Richard Lester was responsible for how the film was, since the recent broadcast of Flash for Freedom, adapted by Mr. Fraser, worked quite well. Perhaps one day we will see that Flashman showed justice on the screen.
