The screenwriter struggled to recreate The Exorcist. But put in some kind of blah-blah love story that makes you sick, not make you practice. There is no creature in the whole movie. He had the potential to be something special but astounding, showing a bunch of people who were fluttering about things that didn't bother anyone. Extremely boring, I wanted to leave the theater when I saw it, but the stupid movie tickets were expensive, so I had to endure the dreary torture that felt as if it lasted forever. Nothing on the screen was related to what the characters . <br /> <br /> They use computer graphics here, which instead of surprising me (as I was supposed to hate CGI), just spoiled the movie even more. Some people say that this movie was terrible in movie theaters because it was "thought provoking" and "slow without action - because it is a smart movie." What is intelligent or suggestive when the story is mostly about a cute boy H. Is Ledger as a priest who has a love interest and does not submit to his religion? Looks like a boring concept. Oh, and there is some kind of fetish about the “sin eater” (the film was originally going to be called the “sin eater”). Sly concept, but the film took the “sin eater” too seriously, forcing the film to become pathetic and delusional about how dark and intelligent it was. Yes, I know that in medieval times there were indeed sin eaters, but this film just sounds silly. <br /> <br /> Nothing in the movie was done right, and I forgot why I didn't even bother to watch this movie. If you want horror movies that really have depth, check out Rosemary's Baby, Tenant, Naked Blood, Society, Cannibal Holocaust, Pin, Exorcist, The Sign, or any of the movies Romero's "Dead Trilogy". However, meaningless dialogues are not equated with intelligence, as mainstream fans think (the same people who consider a funny movie, such as the Hulk, a cinematic masterpiece). If you want a horribly boring horror, watch the Order. This film makes the church sound like a roller coaster.
