I sort of break on the dark angel. The film seems to be a “loving” tribute to the greatest pin-up that ever existed in life, but the actual “content” is so small that the film itself is practically meaningless. I cannot understand what is the motive or the “meaning” of this film — because there is very little biographical information in the narration — so those who know little about Betty will not know more after watching DARK. ANGEL too ... <br /> <br /> The film tells about the last years of Betty’s career in modeling bondage. Almost the entire film consists of "reconstructions" of some of the more "famous" photo shoots and Betty's loops. These reconstructions take literally 75% of the time films are shown and practically do not give an idea of ​​Betty as a person. The film briefly talks about her short-standing legal acting and her subsequent decision to leave the “business” and become religious - but all this is largely embellished in favor of showing long and protracted reconstruction scenes ... <br /> <br /> DARK ANGEL - not a horrible movie, it just doesn't make any sense. Another problem is that the actress, who plays Betty, is really very similar to her in distant frames - close - it will not work. Another thing that annoyed me was that, although Betty made some model shots topless — the only naked movie in the film was a short stretch at the zoo during the final credits. The film itself is obviously very low-budget, but it does what it can establish and is suitable for the costume as part of its limitations - so there are no complaints from me. The game is quite wooden and memorable from all participants. In fact, the most memorable thing in the whole film for me is to notice during the final credits that the actor who played the real name of Irving Clow is Duke the Fly Swatter. No kidding - check out the cast list. I can not say that I recommend this option too much, unless you are a real Bettifilsky full and should not own anything relating to it. And if you feel so bad, you still need to seek treatment ... 4/10
