One of the serious potential environmental costs of most mining operations is pollution of underlying streams, rivers and lakes with excess sediment and toxins. One of the most serious examples of excess sedimentation in the United States in the 19th century was caused by the hydraulic mining of gold bearing graves on the slopes of the Sacramento Valley from the 1850s to the early 1880s. This process involved directing a jet of high pressure water to the slope of the hill, causing the material to be flushed down, where gold could be separated from gravel and sediment. Then sediment is collected in a ditch or stream, and most of them fall into the Sacramento River or its tributaries. The sediments that remained in the river bed increased the likelihood of flooding in agricultural areas and downstream cities and created permanent swamps in some areas. Some of the sediment flowed into agricultural fields, where it could cover standing crops or cover more desirable soil or make it difficult to plow. Thus, the conflict of interest of companies that used hydraulic mining operations and downstream farmers affected by these operations is the theme of this almost forgotten 1938 color film from Warner. <br /> <br /> First, we could ask why Warner I decided to make this film in a rather meager “Technicolor”, a very rare appeal in 1938. The story of wheat farmers and gold miners would not seem to justify the costs and difficulties of color surveys at this time. The answer seems to lie in the exorbitant time spent at the indoor cinema, with fancy bright clothes and decorations. Then we could ask why colorless George Brent was chosen as the lead and the main character in a pair with Olivia de Havilland. Among other things, this film really needed a charismatic presenter to carry it. Even the usually colorful Gabby Hayes in his small role seemed unusually depressed. Unfortunately, I fell asleep in front of the clearly more dramatic last part of the film. The part that I saw spent too much time establishing a complex set of relationships between too many people due to the graphic representation of the difficult situation of the chosen wheat baron and, possibly, nearby city dwellers and their attempts to cope with their flood and sedimentation problems. It should have been more like "Good Land", released just a year earlier. It’s just, perhaps, then he will be suitable for a charismatic leader such as Errol Flynn. Finally, there is the question of a meaningless name. Of course, Warner could come up with a catchy or more appropriate headline. "Gold or grain" is short and to the point. By the way, I understand that in these “hills” there is still a lot of gold waiting to be mined by other means than hydraulic mining.
