When the hordes of robots begin to attack large cities, who will stop the madman behind the attacks? Heavenly captain !!! Jude Law plays Joe Sullivan, ace of the sky tracks, solving insurmountable chances with his annoying reporter ex-girlfriend Polly Perkins (Gwyneth Paltrow) and former flight partner, captain Frankie Cook (Angelina Jolie). <br /> <br /> “Heavenly Captain” and “World of Tomorrow” may look and feel like an exciting film, but in fact it is rather boring and disappointing. The duration of the film is 106 minutes, but it seems that it is much longer because there is no point in this film. The visual effects were great and the film did a great job on it. However, there is nothing to support these wonderful visual effects. There is no plot and interesting characters in the film, which makes it rather boring and unnecessary. I blame the director and writer Kerry Conran. He pays too much attention to visual effects and spends little time on the real story. The film is like a girl without individuality, after a while it becomes soft and tedious. Sky Captain is a beautiful girl with no personality. This is just another example of style, not entity. <br /> <br /> The game is surprisingly average, and this is not really their fault, since they had very little to work with. The main reason I watched this movie was because of Angelina Jolie. However, the advertisement is misleading, and it is only in the film for about 30 minutes. Her performance is surprisingly mild. Jude Law does an excellent job, although much more can be expected from him. Gwyneth Paltrow was just average, nothing special. The performance of Lin Bai was the only one I really liked. She plays quite well, like a mysterious woman, and she was the only interesting character in the whole film. <br /> <br /> Although the film is not a complete collapse. There were some “wow” and exciting scenes. They just did not have enough. The film simply does not have this hook to really make it unforgettable. It was rather soft and not at all attractive. It is a pity that the film was not very good, because there was such a promising premise. In the end, Sky Captain is surprisingly below average and not worth watching. Rating 4/10
