Visually stunning? Most likely. I have seen several films that look so good for a while. Sky Captain and Tomorrow's World use striking cinematography, computer graphics, and creative futuristic design to create a world that is historically familiar, but at the same time is something completely new. The time period seems to be the 1930s or early 40s. The film tells about the recent attacks on New York by mechanized armies, stealing generators and the like for some inexplicable reason. Also, the mysterious disappearances of the respective scientific minds coincide. Who can stop them and save the world? Okay, you don't have to jump from faith to understand that it is Heavenly Captain himself with his girlfriend, a reporter, who is always in awe of leadership, and in his wings is his faithful, fully competent assistant. What the Heavenly Captain has in the atmosphere and graphics, he lacks in telling stories and characteristics. The plot for this movie is ridiculous. This, as they say, the film is going to serially feel the film series of past years. They had rather distant stories and a bad game — but none of them, and I mean any of them, had the budget and the big names that this film had. One would think that the two winners of the Academy Award and Jude Law could keep the film afloat, but the Sky Captain fails miserably. Despite his fantastic gloomy look, I realized that I wanted the film to just end, and I could continue my life. I had a slight interest in the story, which sparked a little interest. I was not worried about any of the brisk images. Paltrow was just awful. Jolie was a joke with a role with little or no content. Lo cannot carry the one-line tradition too straight on his limited shoulders. I mean, let's face it, he's not Will Smith, Mel Gibson or even Wesley Snipes. The sad thing about Sky Captain, at least for me, was that there were so many promises in it, but so few. I was bored for ten minutes in the film - waiting for something that might interest me - and it never came.
