Exploding airships that hit Jude Law's “Heavenly Captain” base provide an adequate metaphor to describe how truly horrendous this film is. First of all, let me state at once that I sincerely doubt that Paramount will ever return the money from this film. It can become a cult hit, but only because it is so remarkable that it could not be achieved. Now I see a studio field. “Let's combine the German expressionism of the 1920s and the global adventure of the 1940s with modern fighter and use computer animation to dominate every scene! Wow, wouldn't it be a success? ”Skycaptain clogs the viewer with its apparent excess. Too many fake explosions, too many inconclusive scenes with air battles and too few real moments when the characters are not at all painful two-dimensional. In the end, why shock and tremble with one floating airship, when there may be three, five or a hundred ?! Moreover, what could be an innovative film that seamlessly combines computer images and human actors in a stylized and intriguing setting, instead will turn to failure to a large extent because it does not meet the most important requirement of any film using CGI. Simply put, the graphics are surprisingly bad. From the movement of cars to the physics of aircraft in air battles, it seems that everything is a bit wrong. I am by no means picky here. The baby may have noticed that the car does not slide on the road, like the Maglev train (if it is not a Mercedes S500). And for those of you who raise their voices in protest, shouting: "This is a stylized film, it should not be like reality," let me say it. The Lord of the Rings set the standard for integrating real actors with CGI, Star Troopers set the standard for ironic sci-fi films, Rocket Man did a solid job, bringing the decade of the 1920s back to the Hollywood film portfolio, and Tim Batman Burton created unique picture of New York / Gotham, which is yet to be repeated. Sky Captain lacks all these films so much that it’s hard for me to mention them in one sentence. Besides, acting is so bad that it makes me sick. So you have it. I spent $ 9 to watch this movie and you will receive my review. I hope this can discourage you from making the same mistake as me.
