"Sky Captain" can be considered a tribute to comics, adventures and TV series of films, but there is little magic of some of the best genres. One of the authors says that the pleasure of the film depends on whether it recognizes the influence of the film. I do not think this is true at all. Expectations from films, fiction and TV shows, to which “Captain” pays tribute, were completely different. Especially for those who experienced this fun in childhood. This film is almost completely devoid of the charm and the magnetic attraction of those. Of course, we know that the leashes will fall and come out of scratches, but there must be some tension and drama. In the run-up to the climax of Captain, Lo and Paltrow have ten minutes to prevent a catastrophe, and by the time they descend five minutes, they are walking, without running to their goal. They spend time on long glances and unnecessary conversations, as well as contemplating a fallen enemy 30 seconds before the tragedy. Of course, you can expect certain agreements to be included, but a good director would retain a sense of urgency. <br /> <br /> One cannot expect films like this to necessarily “make sense”. You can expect them to be fun, exciting and have some sense of inner logic. There is almost no “captain”. Remember when Lowe and Paltrow pursue winged creatures, and they reach a huge abyss, which they cross through a log bridge? Well, why are they completely protected from these creatures when they reach the other side? They can fly !!! The abyss itself means nothing to them. They don't need a bridge, so where is the escape? If the earth across the abyss is "forbidden" for flying creatures, the film made no effort to tell us how, why, or even if. <br /> <br /> I know that Paltrow and Law (both of whom gave excellent performances in the past) played “types”, but both were rather flat. Only Giovanni Ribisi (who showed himself capable of nuances here) and Angelina Jolie seemed to give some "ridiculousness" to their roles, although Omid Jalili seemed to be able to cope a little more if he had only been given a chance. In any case, he did a pretty good job, considering how he was wasted. <br /> <br /> The movie had a great “look”, but CGI distracts so much. CGI works best when it is used for fantastic, when it is used to create creatures that do not exist in nature or for scientific or magical spectacles. When it is used to replace natural locations, it is disappointing. There is no real sense of wonder. CGI Mountain does not have any impressiveness or sense of awe and foreboding that this mountain is. I know that the design of this film was quite deliberate, and it didn’t have to look REAL, but did it FEEL? This is simply not the case. <br /> <br /> With regard to the weak and cliché scenario ... tribute does not justify. Despite this, if the film had some thrills and dramatic tensions, it could be enjoyable. The “Last Samurai” was as predictable as the days of the week, and I am not a fan of Tom Cruise, but it contained everything that the “Captain” did not particularly noticeably attract the viewer into his world and made us accept his rules and image that the Heavenly Captain definitely did not. <br /> <br /> I would like to see a similar approach to films about comic book heroes of the 30s and 40s. The original (Jay Garrick) Flash or Green Lantern (Alan Scott) come to mind as ripe for such a treatment. Perhaps the better, more famous and fully realized characters that these characters would make for a much better movie. It would be worse to be worse.
