This film was a real festival of torture. His first mistake is to consider nuclear power engineering to be such an obvious “bad thing” that it hardly needs convincing the audience of this. When he descends to putting forward his arguments, he makes the participants gasp, pushing barely grounded facts; all that is missing is that someone should cry “when someone thinks about children!”. While watching this film, I kept thinking "where did you hear that?" or “this cannot be true” —but little information has been confirmed by any reliable sources. And bless them, the “ordinary people” in the film are more like luddites than people with any understanding of the pros and cons of nuclear power; To be honest, this may be a mistake of cinematographers, but it is equally true that this condition is shared by the rock stars of the film. <br /> <br /> As for the performers ......... .. Now some of these people are very respected musicians whose music I liked, and I am sure that some of them really believed in this matter . But they all seem wheezy old hippies, desperately looking for something to work on, now that the 60s have passed them. Especially embarrassing Graham Nash and James Taylor. Nash seems to be trying too hard - he looks like he cannot believe what he is being told (not that I blame him), but he desperately feels that he has been noticed and turned on. James Taylor plays what must be the stupidest anthem of the protest, “Stop and Fight,” in the most disgustingly fun way that you can imagine. In fact, most speeches are rather mild when they don’t patronize. It seems that no one is excited about this event, as if it really means nothing to them. It is worth noting that the driving force of this whole event seems to be John Hall from the Orleans group, responsible for some of the 70s most stupid MOR pops. (Remember, if you decide "Dance With Me" and "Still the One".) It is worth noting, because it is a symbol of the fact that the reason here does not inspire real passion in music. Allegedly, the cause is life or death, but everyone moans by their numbers, as if playing Catskills. Except maybe Jill-Scott Heron - his protest number “We almost lost Detroit”, at least on the subject, but delivered with all the complacency of a high school girl, impressed by how controversial he is. <br /> <br /> Only Bruce Springsteen's performance raises the pulse; I have never been a big fan of the Boss, but he absolutely smokes, without question. Part of me thinks that it was recorded separately, at another event, and edited in this film to wake the audience. No wonder Bruce was the savior of rock and roll. <br /> <br /> But even his performance is hampered by a lifeless concert shooting. I do not expect a lot of bright camera movements from the movie of the 70s, but the pictures are unnecessarily static, broken up only a split second into the tonsils of the backup singer. Now, in part, this may be because the performers are lifeless from the very beginning; and * maybe * filmmakers are more adept at documentary shooting than concert filming, but all you have to do is watch “Rust Never Sleeps” or “The Last Waltz” to watch a movie like this with great skill. And with more exciting musicians. <br /> <br /> In fact, there are only two things that you can watch this movie: Springsteen's stellar performance and a sad shot of counterculture in decline.
