This extremely weak Australian excuse for cinema is like an experiment with Pavlov’s dog among horror films. Do you remember this famous “Conditional reflex” experiment from your school books, right? Russian scientist Pavlov proved that dogs tended to secrete saliva before food actually got into their mouths, and these are repetitive procedures that stimulate animal reflexes. Pavlov rang the bell a few moments before the food was delivered to the dog, and after a while he became agitated and agitated and had already begun to salivate when he heard the sound of the bell. What the hell is all a boring explanation in common with the mean-spirited and low-budget click of an Australian slasher, as I heard? Well, the mode of action of the manic killer in “Nightmares” is an exact version of Pavlov's experiment. Each murder sequence is preceded by a rough sound and an image of a murderer smashing a window, because he / she insists on using a sharp piece of glass to cut the victims. Thus, this means that after a while, inattentive and bored spectators can afford to doze off and just watch again when they hear the sound of broken glass. Thus, they still do not miss anything special! <br /> <br /> Regarding the quality of “Nightmares” as a film, I can be very brief. This is a cheap, uninspired and largely stupid Australian contribution to the current popular trend of American slash films. In the early 60s, a four-year-old girl witnessed the cruel death of her mother when her throat was cut as a result of a nasty car accident. Twenty years later the same girl ?? Helen Selleck ?? is a successful stage actress, but she still has serious mental problems and regularly suffers from terrible memories and traumatic nightmares. She auditions for a role in a black comedy spinning to death, and gets the role. Soon after the big premiere, everyone who is even remotely connected with the production is killed. Really backward is how this film tries to uncover the mystery concerning the identity and motives of the killer, although even the most infantile viewer can understand this after the first murder. I don't think I've ever seen more obvious nonsense than “Nightmares,” and the creators had to immediately show his / her face and save themselves from embarrassment. The killings are blatant and very bloody, as well as an unhealthy large amount of gratuitous nudity to “enjoy.” However, production values ​​are small, and therefore the film is never shocking or provocative. From several clips that we see in a real game, it seems that it is possible that this could be the worst thing that was ever on the stage. The only positive elements in the film are the characters of the director and the critic of the gay newspaper, who are delightfully sarcastic and insult the rest of the actors, just like us. “Nightmares” is a terrible part of an exploitative horror film, but at least I gave you golden advice to make it more digestible.
