A cheap, mediocre sequel to the successful “Hand of the Mummy”, apparently, of the dead evil Professor Andhoheb (George Zucco), preparing his predecessor Mechemet Bey (Turhan Bey) to seek revenge for America abroad, using the mummy Haris (Lon Cheney, the youngest, who the reason is in disguise ... any stuntman could do the same trustworthy job, clumsily surrounding and choking victims) to kill the surviving members of the Banning family whom patriarch Stephen (Dick Foran) and his assistant Babe Hanson (Wallace Ford) restored the mummistress Vanny corpse Ananke princess from her tomb in Egypt ... Andoheb considers this bizarre act of desecration and wants the family suffered from this horrible act of the ancient Egyptian custom. Bay and the mummy Haris find a good shelter in the cemetery, where the High Priest of Karnak can work secretly as a caretaker. Each full moon of Bey will feed Haris with liquid obtained from several leaves of Tana, which will support him not only alive, but also obeying the wishes of his master. Bey orders Haris to kill Stephen and his sister Jane (Mary Gordon), while waiting for Babe to return to become victim number 3. Dr. John Banning (John Hubbard) plans to marry Isobel (Alice Knox), but not knows that Bey secretly wants his fiancé to plan to kidnap her with the help of Haris. John's life is in danger because of his father .. he is also the last remaining member of the ban line. If Bey has Isobel, there is no longer a chance that Bannings will be born. The police must find Haris and the one responsible for his carnage. Bay <br /> <br /> This film is a continuation of the film “HAND”, shot several years later, when all the participants in this film, Foran, Ford and Zucco, appear in “aging”. "make-up, providing wrinkles, showing gaps in time, as Andoheb was preparing for Bannings death. John and Isobel's romance about cornball seems to be just in this conspiracy, so Bey is screwed up, putting his perfect plan, which was successfully implemented before than he lost it. And Bay just sees how she frolics with John on the grass ... all the garbage "love at first sight" really did not wash me. Plus, you have a mummy capable of killing people with one hand ... is the mummy really that powerful? He also uses a ton of footage from the previous film to save the budget for the continuation of this film.There are not so many stories here, and yes, typical of pictures with universal monsters, even in America a crowd of people will light up ... hmm ... torches haunting Haris. You know how this will end ... John and the super power Kharis will converge in some huge mansion, and around them the fire will burn, and the evil one will burn.
