While in a post-apocalyptic environment, cyborgs, led by the warlord Job, curb the human population. They mostly keep them as livestock, as they need fresh human blood to live. Nea and her brother were able to survive one of their attacks when she was a child, and years passed when she again faced cyborgs face-to-face, but this time it was saved by cyborg Gabriel, who was created to destroy all cyborgs. Job and his people are going to capture a densely populated city, while Noa begs Gabriel to teach her to kill cyborgs, and she will deliver him to Gabriel. <br /> <br /> Cheap low-cost cyborg / post-apocalyptic foray of writer / director Albert Pyun (who created Cyborg before and brilliant Nemsis that same year) is a sensible delusion and some interesting novelties. A very small structure makes its way into a worn story, as the dim scenario is weak, banal and overpriced. The lead banter tries to be witty, but pretty much stinks and in unintentional moments seems ridiculous. Most of the actions taking place are rather pointless and routine. The material could use a different polish, as it was an inspirational idea, absorbed in lazy inclusions, lack of narration and an almost joking tone. The open output of the cliffhanger is too harsh, especially since the sequel has not yet been made. It seems that I ran out of money, and he said: “It's time to gather. Let's end it on another day (or maybe another decade). No rush. However, he found it rather distracting, thanks in large part to his fast pace, some well-executed fights and George Muradyan's sliding cinematography, which perfectly reflected the visually exciting background. The performances are honest. Chris Christofferson's dry and ruthless personality works just like Gabriel, and the self-confident, mentally capable Katie Long masterfully and aggressively performs tricks. However, her game is too wooden. Deceptive Lance Henriksen gives an appetizing performance of pure ham, like the villainous leader of cyborgs, Job, who constantly has saliva. Scott Pauline also inspires a lot of joy when one of the cyborgs and Gary Daniels are also inflated. Pune releases some exciting pieces of martial art, including some bright energy and unreasonable slow motion. In the background you can see a scorching, but mechanically sounding musical score. Special effects and make-up FX stand quite well. Watchable, but not entirely successful, and its cause may be minimal restrictions.
