I tuned in to this thing one night on the cable channel a few minutes after the titles were launched, so I didn’t know who did it at first. The longer I saw it, the more I began to think: “Lord, it’s like the click of Albert Pune.” Not quite sure, however, for two main reasons: the photo was pretty good (and the Utah desert landscape was beautiful), and Scott Pauline gave a funny presentation like Simon, a murderous cyborg, but with some style and sense of humor. Pauline must have used a lot of smart one-line players, which he knocked out because Albert Pyun did not write anything remotely funny or connected in his career. Unfortunately, Polina doesn’t have much time on the screen until he’s gone, and the film is all the worse for him. Lance Henriksen, who plays the evil cyborg, roars through his role, as he did in countless other similar films. I don't know what the hell Chris Christopherson is doing in this thing; perhaps he wanted to see what the Utah desert looked like and get paid for it. He watches the movie and looks (and sounds) like he just woke up, and actually spends most of the last half of the movie behind his back in a tent. Katie Long, the nominal hero, has a gorgeous body, is attractive, has a gorgeous body, fights great, has a gorgeous body and doesn't have a single acting talent, but it doesn't matter in a film like this one. This is Albert Pune's film, it is full of trademarks that we all know and love: meaningless and idiotic dialogue, intermittent editing and the impression that they lost the wobble in the middle of the picture and decided: “Nobody will ever notice. <br /> <br /> No matter how bad this film is, it slightly surpasses most of Piun’s other efforts - this is “Citizen Kane” compared to his stunning “Adrenaline” “Feel the peak”, for example. The fights are pretty well done if they repeat (after she knocks down eight or nine guys one by one, you find yourself saying, “OK, go to something else”), and Long is very athletic (and as the previous poster noted, has a large derrière). This is not a very good film, if you look at it with some kind of tense fantasy, but it is far from being as incoherent and incompetent as the usual extravaganza of Pyong. You could have done worse than making this film - not much worse, needless to say, but, nevertheless, worse.
