There are two groups of people ... those who love every Fellini film they see, and normal people. Although I admit that I really liked some of his films, I can also honestly say that I can't stand some of them. My opinion, by the way, is not just some kind of knee reaction - I have seen most of the films of Fellini, as well as many films of the world's most famous directors. With this in mind, I feel that Godard and Fellini can be the most overvalued and annoying directors. Both of them were delighted with the strange and often unobservable, and at the same time received a lot of praise from the reviewers and the “intelligentsia”, while the average person would never have watched some of their films. Heck, even a person who loves international cinema would have been completely ignored when watching some of these films. So, since only a small clique actually watches their films, and they are already predisposed to regard directors as geniuses, it is not surprising that their films are so often praised - this is like a cult! If you do not believe me, think of many of God’s films, such as “FIRST NAMES OF CARMEN” or “ALFAVIL” ... or what about FELLINI SATYRICON or “JULIET OF THE SPIRITS”? These films are replete with boredom, strangeness and incomprehensibility. Now I am NOT saying that the film cannot be strange (after all, I love the HAPPINESS of KATAKURIS and FOOTBALL SHAOLIN), but you need to watch it! <br /> <br /> Now let's talk about this movie. Somehow Fellini managed to make the story of a sexually obsessive person completely boring and non-sexual. This is no small task - it took a lot of work to make it so unsightly. Instead of cheap sexual thrills, sexual acts are choreographed in a silly and annoying way, while the character of Casanova is buried under so much makeup and prosthetics that Donald Sutherland looks like a ghoul. I know that in part this was Fellini’s intention, but many viewers will remain completely bored because of this futile presentation - especially since Sutherland’s plots are poorly duplicated into Italian, and therefore he doesn’t look and sound like himself! Unfortunately, when the film is not wrapped in these boring sexual escapades, in fact there is nothing more to watch. <br /> <br /> An interesting note about the first sexual conquest shown in this boring movie is that the actress looks amazing like a younger version of Fellini’s wife, Juliette Mazina. Considering that, in addition to this, that in previous decades, Fellini had forced Masina to play such characters as a prostitute and a terribly offended woman, it seems that he may have really hated his wife and demonstrated it on the screen. I read a little about them and their tumultuous relationship, and this seems to confirm this. This is the only aspect of this dim film that seemed interesting to me. Do not say that I did not warn you!
