I'm usually a Spike Lee fan. It takes some time to really get into his “mojo”, but as soon as you see a clear message and the ability to tell a story that is close to his heart, Lee is a genius. Unlike "25th Hour" or "Bamboozled" (my two favorite films of his), this film did not have a clear story. I was able to understand the struggle between Washington and the choice to play well or to be influenced by others, but for some strange reason, Lee could not get a real feeling. Washington did a decent job with what was given to him, but you could say that it was not Lee’s favorite movie. Lee not only shot this film, but also wrote it. You might say. The filming was terrible, and the letter only contributed to the destruction of the film. This film was in full swing, and it will not be beautiful. Lee was not 100% behind this movie, as in the movie "Do It Right." Of all the films I saw, Lee himself, it was the brightest and most modest of his films. It was almost as if he created a Hollywood film instead of one that was completely his own. I don’t know if he saw the money from Do It Right and ran with them, or what? but this film did not demonstrate his true talent. <br /> <br /> For anyone who has seen this movie and may have stopped watching anything under the guidance of Spike Lee afterwards because of this movie, I suggest you give him a second chance. Don't get me wrong, I understand exactly where you came from with this film and why you would like to leave it behind, but Lee really is growing up. His work becomes more his own, and you can see the transition from the desire to earn money to the desire to make good films. It took me a while to watch the “25th hour,” but when I did it, it was pure brilliance. Perhaps they were actors, perhaps a story, but Lee created an amazing film from a man’s journey into the unknown. I guess this is what I hoped Mo 'Better Blues would be like. This is really a dark journey into the life of a man who never really grew up, but instead, all I got was Denzel as Denzel. He is truly one of the most versatile actors of this generation, and I consider him a Sydney Poitier film, but it was not a film to demonstrate his talent. <br /> <br /> Another problem I had with this film was using sister Spike, who plays one of love interests. I don’t know about you and your family, but I don’t think I could shoot a sex scene with my sister. I don't care who the actor is or how much money I get, I would never do that. It's just something that I never want to see, but apparently, for Spike, this is not so. He went ahead and showed a full nude image of his sister without any remorse. It was sad, and it even made me blush. Besides, I need someone to answer me on this. What did Flavor Flav do when introducing this movie? So, I sit there on the couch, ready to start the film, when suddenly there is a voice from the past, setting out the studio that made the film, then he recognizes himself. It did not build for a strong remnant of history. Again, I felt that Lee was going to make money on this film, and not on real talent. Perhaps that was how he could afford both Denzel and Wesley in the same film without explosions. <br /> <br /> This film had two wonderful scenes that were worth it, so that they could be watched to the end. Don't get me wrong, it was a very bad movie, but there is always a diamond in every lane. The scene when Blik accidentally forgets what kind of woman he was with was fascinating. He constantly walked back and forth, weaving the truth into confusion, arguing that Lee was actually behind the camera. It was a ghostly scene, which was probably lost randomly due to the remaining bad scenes. Another scene worth seeing was the way Lee presented and finished the film. Keeping the same pace and direction, he was able to circle this tragic character in a circle and give him the opportunity to change his life. In addition to these two moments, the rest of the film was just rubbish, you should not watch it, unless you are blind. <br /> <br /> Rating: ** of *****
