Allegations of “aggravated sexual abuse,” as well as some other unpleasant pussies, including the misuse of the broom, were made about half a dozen or so the most popular jokes in high school in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, "slightly backward" student (Heather Matarazzo). The investigation and prosecution were transferred to the district attorney’s office, where Ellie Chidy and Erik Stolz are responsible. <br /> <br /> Rumors about the case are spread through Glen Ridge, a suburb of the upper middle class. where athletes adore everything in the community. (One of their fathers is a police lieutenant.) No one believes Matarazzo. "Our boys would never have suffered such a slut in the basement, would not rape her and would not subject her to such sexual humiliation." The question is whether Xidi and Stoltz can ever form a convincing enough case for them to bring athletes to justice. Matarazzo is not a perfect plaintiff. She desperately needs love and friendship, and this allows fake friends to mislead her by making false claims. The slimy reporter says: “You can trust me,” but it turns out that the reporter cannot be trusted at all. Another student, a very popular girl in school, pulls Linda Tripp to Matarazzo, pretending to be her sidekick, but all the time she asks suggestive questions about the incident - and records the results! As a result, watching this story unfolds like a roller coaster. At first it looks like a good case for Sheedy and Stolz. But then, unfortunately, the community organizes against the law. Then it looks good again. But then the reporter intervenes. Then this obstacle cannot be overcome before Linda Tripp pokes her big nose into the investigation and makes public the records, which seem to indicate that Matarazzo was lying. (Well, in fact, she lied - but she lied to the investigator to please her.) Then this was overcome, but Matarazzo objects to taking a position because she does not want to be characterized as “backward”. Eric Stolz in order of the prosecutor. I say this for the simple reason that he and I lived in Pago Pago at about the same time. (I hope he was not the guy with whom I had this quarrel in the bar of the Primorsky Club. If he was, I take my compliment.) Ally Chidy is a strange actress who is hard to characterize. She did a great job at Fine Arts, but I didn't feel any special effort for this role, which in any case was rather formal. I mean, neither she, nor Stolz, nor anyone else could play bravura in what is essentially a comic book story. <br /> <br /> The producers and the director had the common sense to choose Heather Matarazzo for the role of the victim. The worst thing they could do is throw an ethereally beautiful, amazing blonde. Instead, Matarazzo, though not ugly, looks pretty simple, and this usual quality is complemented by her care and makeup. Writers also did not pay her melancholy and tenderness. She has a hot-tempered character, and sometimes annoys her to listen, and this is all for the best. <br /> <br /> Matarazzo's character is the best character in the film. Jocks are stereotypes. Pure evil. They consider themselves above the law, run up to a party of some pretty girls in East Orange, spot a place during a party, much worse than the climate orgy "La Dolce Vita", and leave without explanation or apology. They deserve to get it in the neck - and they do. <br /> <br /> I called it a comic book story, and it's almost the same. This does not challenge any of our prejudices. This confirms our belief that the world can be divided into good and evil. And we have no doubt who is who. What I'm waiting for is not quite, it's just a rhetorical film - almost the same as this one, and a dozen others, but in which the victim LIESH to get his name and photo in the newspapers and collect all these sympathy chips from sensible people like all of us. <br /> <br /> The film is based on real events, like many others that we have all seen, and even more fictional characters. (For example, "Accused.") Some of them are good, some are strictly routine. Good. Fair Now, when we see a film about the Tavana Brawley case, in which a teenage girl disappeared on a whim for several days, and then her friends stripped her, tied her up and covered her with dirt so that she could claim that she had been abducted and raped by the police? Now it will be a problem, by contrast.
