Things get boring early, often in this in this disgusting jazz biography, written and directed by Spike Lee. <br /> <br /> Glare Gilliam (Denzell Washington) is a random jazz trumpeter who confronts the quintet packing them in below. weak. His problems include an incompetent manager, a saxophonist and two girlfriends with whom he plays the musical mattress. The true love of his life is his trumpet and his music. The group manager, Giant, has a dangerous gambling problem, and he turns out to be an ineffective negotiator with greedy club owners, and it’s better to discard him, but Blick remains true as long as possible. This will prove his death as an artist, but, ironically, will contribute to his growth as a person. <br /> <br /> Like Blick, Denzell Washington is completely wrong, as an ambitious trumpeter with a baby on each hand. He is too cute guy to focus on his art, patiently treat close people with restrained distance. He simply does not have enough fire. Wesley Snipes, who plays Henderson as a saxophonist, would have been much more suitable for this role, but even he would have to tear the languid letters of the writings in Lee’s sluggish dialogue. As a giant, Lee hits a trifecta with terrible work to fit his writing and guidance. Freely trying to ward off the dirty but sympathetic Ratso Rizzo, Joe Baku Blik, he takes limping and even the “I go here” moment from the Midnight Cowboy. In this case, you would like the taxi to move him and finish with him. <br /> <br /> Lee’s scenario is a squeamish argument, coarse ribs and a veiled insult with some necessary awkward editorial that Lee must enter to stay down. The scenes between the band members behind the scenes and the lack of rehearsals are lit, and they are overwhelmed by sadness only because of Bleek, Giant, whose conversations look vividly and go in circles. The completion of this parody is Lee's pretentious visual style. Snapshots, zooming and panning are wasted and have no meaning for scenes. They just wander. <br /> <br /> Blues is Lee's love letter to jazz (hidden in the mountains of memorabilia scattered across all sets), and this is a sentimental pop trap that lacks passion and inspiration. Jazz in the film is better suited for the “Round Midnight” Tavernier and Eastwood's “Birds”, which go beyond the surface, reveal more sides of the form, the pain behind it in addition to Forrest Whitaker's infinitely excellent lead performances and Dexter's real deal. Gordon. This Spike Lee Joint doesn’t even offer moderate noise. This is pretty bad homegrown.
