Despite the seriousness of the topic and, probably, the good intentions of the filmmakers to make a film about the superiority of whites, the inconsistency of his main character, a beginner New York actor Bronson Green, who easily turned into a fake actor LA, makes him serious. Green, who is constantly being discarded by actors from Los Angeles for being outdated (that is, New York too, when the 80s are looking for big, blond and stupid), finds that success is easily achieved when he is ready to succumb to falsifying his image . Unfortunately, the new hair dye and pacified "surfer" attitude give him the opportunity to play in the Church of Jericho, which supports the teaching of white supremacy of the Aryan nation. Green is ready to easily forget his past and, in particular, turn his back on his young dark-skinned friend, who is ten years old, to become a new representative of the Church. This does not make sense, since initially our character is fundamental. It is this sudden and weak change in character, combined with a sudden return back to the hardened, possessed De Niro (like his character as a Taxi Driver), able to fight the villains. Noble attempt by filmmakers, but one that ultimately manifests itself not at all serious. <br /> <br /> Other characters are also very annoying, and what we have to admit to them comes too easily - the psychotic paranoia of the leader of the Church, the selfish friend of the actress (from the first friend of Bronson when he is in Los Angeles) and the new blonde, who does not have such a personality development, for the most part she just walks, speaks void. We just have to see them in fleeting moments when something random causes us to make assumptions about the characters. But none of them are really developed. <br /> <br /> Another problem with this film is the godless amount of time during which the characters participate in very minor important actions. Obviously, a large part of the beginning concerns the representation of characters, and later we see Bronson’s difficulties with penetrating into the actor's stage of LA and frustrations that arise from constant failure. But after he voluntarily changed his appearance and personality to become accepted, there is at least a good twenty to thirty minutes of wasted film, in which very little happens. <br /> <br /> For films that are looking to draw attention to the irrational fears of racism, this was not done with enough confidence.
