Sam (Thomas Kavana) and Gray (Heather Graham) are loyal brothers and sisters who live in the same apartment and love a lot: ballroom dancing, musicals from the 1940s and, to their surprise, an attractive woman named Charlie (Bridget Moynahan). Historically heterosexual, Gray is confused by her new feelings. <br /> <br /> Gray Matters is one of the darkest films I've ever seen. It's boring, predictable, unfunny, bad and badly written. Nothing in it was real, and everything was very stupid. In addition, in fact this is not a romantic comedy with a special twist, but rather a film about the "exit". Sue Kramer tried to make the first half cute with romantic things, and the second half serious with actual acceptance and exit. Unfortunately, she failed miserably. The first half was largely unfunny, and only Heather Graham was able to hold her a little. Then the film acquired an awkward tone and became serious. Serious scenes were treated poorly, and all the emotions were just fake. <br /> <br /> I suppose I would have liked the film a little more if the relations between the characters were more authentic. The relationship between brother and sister was very weak, and they did not seem to be so close. Their relationship was simply not very natural. In addition, the relationship between Tom and Bridget was very unnatural. If two people are going to get married after meeting each other in less than a week, then you expect to see a little more excitement, but the characters talked about getting married in Las Vegas the same as asking the waiter what the special offers are. There was no excitement in the film, and it was difficult to get carried away with a film with such unmotivated characters. <br /> <br /> The game was mostly weak, which was a bit surprising given the decent cast. Heather Graham gave the only good performance in the film. She was funny, she had several charming scenes, but it’s a pity that all her colleagues in the film were just losers. Bridget Moynahan was very weak, and her performances sounded out of tune at all levels. In addition, it seemed that she was reading her lines. Thomas Cavana was quite wooden and had almost no emotion. Chemistry between Thomas and Heather did not exist, and it hurt the film because their relationship was fake. I can usually expect Molly Shannon to be funny in a supporting role, but here she was just annoyed. Sissy Spacek had about two scenes, and she annoyed them both. Finally, Alan Cumming was just an awkward character, and his performance was not very good. In general, Gray Matters is a bad movie, you should not watch it. Rating 3/10
