I had to go to this movie fifteen minutes after the end ... after going through an awkward stage and plunging into pure boredom. What really terrifies me, I mean, really bothers me, is that there are people who call this aimless nonsense "delightful" or "must see." I would be very sorry for those who were so distressed if it were not for the obvious impression that most of the positive comments about this petty and humorous parody were written by industrial enterprises. <br /> <br /> The truth is that this unfortunate film does nothing to entertain or enlighten. This is clearly unfriendly, poorly written and has all the pace and energy of cold, canned rice pudding. To be kind to Mrs. Kramer, it’s best to say that this was a missed opportunity, because, after reading the outline before I looked at it, I was expecting something more complicated. Possible misinterpretations of close brotherly and sisterly interdependence, the unexpected awakening of “sisterly” sexuality and the comic potential in such rivalry between brothers and sisters (due to the same girl’s attachments) were obvious subjects for a refreshing comedy study, but every step of the way disappointing, evading. <br /> <br /> Instead, the audience is exposed to a wandering series of boring and tastelessly drawn situations with clichéd characteristics and boring performances from actors fighting for faith and obviously need a much tougher direction. The absence of directing control seems striking; On the one hand, Moynahan, Kavana and Spacek give very pedestrian views, while Heather Graham and Molly Shannon - in particular, the latter - sometimes tend to embarrassing excessive compensation. This could be blamed on the director - perhaps Sue Kramer hopes that if her actors play too much, they will cause even more audience laughter. But again, the cast is a veteran; one would expect them to do better. <br /> <br /> Sue Kramer really needs to think carefully about what films she wants to make and for whom. Given the potential problems referred to by Gray Matters, and given her inability or unwillingness to fully explore them in the context of a comedy, perhaps she should write a drama instead. I know that it is never easy to make films about women and women's issues, especially when someone hopes to reach a wider audience than some women, but whatever direction she chooses, inconsistent and flimsy characters like Gray are not going to cut mustard.
