This is one of the worst films I have seen this year. You do not have to watch this movie, but if you insist on wasting your time, you should stop here, there are SPOILERS. Gray Matter focuses on Gray and Sam Baldwin (Heather Graham and Tom Kavana). Only Gray and Sam are Brother and Sister; living together in the eyes of everyone else as a man and wife. No sex, but everything else. From the very beginning, the film begins with the theme: “The most absurd at the most ridiculous moment, when you guessed it, is the most ridiculous reaction.” Gray and Sam decided to check the dog park with a borrowed dog. Instead, push her brother to become thin on the first woman they see for him, she does it and answers all the questions too. When she gives a signal to her brother to come, they start a three-way date. Charlie (Bridget Moynahan) - the girl of their dreams, like all the right things, etc. ?? Sam finally hits Gray on the head, and the couple ends the date with the marriage proposal! This is Charlie accepts! In a week, Charlie, Gray, and Sam should be in Vegas. Next week, Charlie and Gray go shopping for wedding dresses (obviously, Charlie has an impressive figure). Gray sloughs a latte with ice when Charlie proposes that Gray also try on some dresses and choose a $ 10,000 dress for her. While Charlie fastens her in this prepaid dress, Gray continues to wander through the latte (I swear it looked like a feeding bag). What should happen, but "voups!" latte all over the dress. It never explains how they came out of the Bloomingdale bridal salon with a mocha dress for $ 10,000. Back to reality '?? Caesar's Palace Las Vegas. They have a “high roller room” (Sam is a resident surgeon, and Charlie is a zoological trainee, where did they get all this money?) Gray drove Sam into one room down the hall so that she and Charlie could get a bachelorette party drunk you guessed it - they kiss. Gray remembers everything; Charlie remembers nada. They get to the wedding chapel, and it is when Reverend gets to his line: "If there is someone here who has any objections to the union of these two love birds," Gray gets the hiccups. Gray justifies himself, for some reason, the saint must repeat his last line and “hiccup” again in the queue. Gray returns to New York and starts dating any man he meets, literally. And, of course, you guessed it again! Gay. The other is a jerk and the third is a taxi driver (Alan Cummings) named Gordy. He is amazed at Gray, but feelings do not return. They become good friends. That's good, because when she comes in order with Sam about the kiss. He explodes and kicks her out of his apartment. When Sam wakes up, he goes to her office. Gray works in an advertising agency. This office smacks in the middle of the twilight zone. All conference rooms have cameras and microphones, which are broadcast on all agency computer monitors. Sam takes Gray to one of the conference rooms for a not-so-private conversation and eventually brings her to the whole office. That's where I doubt if the team was gay or lesbian: Gordy comes to her rescue and convinces her to go to a lesbian bar. "Sorry, no men," says the bouncer. So Gray and Gordy are returning with Gordy to drag. Poor resistance. He was wearing a black satin sleeveless blouse, pearl thread, and a grandmother's church hat. No lesbian could confuse this “man in a dress” as a transvestite, much less a woman. The bar was also a man’s simple fantasy about what a lesbian bar is: full of Victoria's Secret models. Everything turns out peach ?? she goes home with a client of her firm. Gray appears on the account of the woman and, at last, does more, than kisses. For some reason, no one says Charlie, and she does not notice the entire movie about this kiss with Gray, but this is for the continuation.
