When watching a movie as stupid as Hot Rhod, do you need to sit back, relax and change your intellectual abilities to the same condition? in this case, this state is vague enough to tolerate the senseless nonsense that was somehow taken to be a comedy. With a short duration of 88 minutes, this film has long been delayed and drowned in a pile of repetitive jokes. jokes that were outnumbered and were not even funny from the very beginning. The base material “Hot Rod” is as superficial and irrelevant as the cult hit of 2004 “Napoleon Dynamite”, although it is much more contrived and has no laughter. In fact, the blatant despair of the film, which is compared to “Napoleonic Dynamite”, is contemptuous and offensive and left me in a tick, instead of just getting annoyed. <br /> <br /> The film, if it was made enough to call it so, sets out a dark story that puts the self-proclaimed stuntman Rod Kimble in front of us, with a trifling intention to jump on fifteen buses (one more than his idol Evel Nivel jumped, as Rod says to us) and raise $ 50,000 for his imminent saving operation of the stepfather’s heart; all so that he could fight his stepfather once he recovered and win his respect ?? because in order to gain respect, you must first fight them. BUT? No difference. Each character is no more interesting than the sticky mustache of Rod, and from the opening joke of the film to the ridiculous end, each scene was played as a meaningless and terribly unfriendly SNL parody ?? that, with the addition of an additional 85 minutes, is essentially what the Hot Rod strives for. <br /> <br /> The star of the film, Andy Samberg, made an effort to the screen, which noticeably showed a drop of his comedy abilities every time. Unfortunately ?? rather real ?? his humorous talents are no more delightful than a five-year-old storyteller telling his tormented joke, in which there is somewhere an innocently rough poop and pussies. And if it is disappointing, pull the chair, hide your face in your hands and get ready for a real blow: he is the humor of the film! In order to save them from their humiliation, I will willingly leave out the terrible role of Samberg’s partners and leave the second third of the Lonely Island team, director Akiva Shaffer, his non-existent director talent ?? or comedian. Basically, everything that could be done to trample the accelerated comedy is beautifully depicted here; and made it arrogant, as if the movie would be funnier. Make yourself believe that there is even one laugh in this heap, or treat yourself to another movie ?? ANY other movie.
