This film cannot decide whether his message is “people are evil and bad, and animals are cute and flawless” or “never to go into the water again”. Rybak (Nolan) wants to catch a killer whale, which is very bad, but when he accidentally (accidentally) notes, he hit a pregnant cow instead of her assistant, a cow - and I use this word in every sense - which is obviously a sick psycho-bitch and a canonical villain This play - rushes against the propellers, trying to chew themselves in the most terrible and disgusting, not to mention inefficient, methods of suicide. (I doubt that this was her first time.) When her unborn fetus interrupts work because of its disgusting wounds inflicted on itself, her friend comes to a mental state with revenge and vows to hurt, kill and mutilate every person, even talking with nolan. Obviously, as in humans, general psychosis occurs with other psychos. <br /> <br /> The film smells like a half-thought anti-human message: “Poor poor whale! Evil people must suffer and die! ”And yet, he fails to demonize Nolan at all. It is true that when he expounded his motives, he was selfish and cruel, but with the first squeal of the first whale, he grows his heart and, as the film progresses, he becomes more and more compassionate to the pain of the whale until he seems to be go out on the ice and give yourself to the whale, just to make it a little better. <br /> <br /> The last journey of the film, in which Nolan follows a whale on a strange journey north, reminds me of Melville’s eerie connection with a man and a whale for an instant hinted at a really interesting conclusion where these two husbands could connect, understand even respect each other in their own grief, because Nolan lost his wife and unborn child also in an accident. It is clear that Nolan respects the whale and feels its loss. However, it never goes there. The whale character has no compassion or respect for anyone. <br /> <br /> The final scene loses focus and becomes similar to Jaws when the sea monster finally kills everyone, and Nolan, and no doubt due to an oversight to smash the whaler (although he made a few clicks for her head before.) I love animals, and I hate whales, and besides, I love killer whales, but if the goal of this film was to make me feel that the whale was a victim and that people were evil and disgusting, it completely failed. Nolan shows compassion and growth, and feels for others, and all the whale thinks about is to kill and maim. <br /> <br /> The only message you can leave with is: “If you see a killer whale ever, anywhere, run the other way, because if you step on its FIN wrong, it will be to hunt you on the ends of the earth, destroying everything around you. "
