Many have stated that Orca ?? Killer Whale is plagiarism of the jaws. This is not entirely true, although the huge commercial success of JAWS has undoubtedly made these people. Animal stories are more attractive to filmmakers in the second half of the 70s. Killer whale ?? Killer Whale would be better described as a modern retreat by Moby Dick. This is a story about obsession. On the one hand, the whale's obsessive desire to avenge the death of its friend; on the other, the bounty hunter’s obsessive desire to kill a whale before he can take his own life. Unfortunately, Orca-Killer Whale comes out a very disappointing film, its fundamentally interesting ideas are somewhat ruined by hammy performances and ridiculous plots. <br /> <br /> Nolan (Richard Harris) shark hunter meets explorer Rachel Bedford (Charlotte) Rampling, a marine life explorer, diving from the Atlantic coast of Canada. Their meeting almost ends in disaster when the Great White Shark attacks the Rachel team, but at the very last moment a killer whale arrives to stop the shark. After that, Nolan becomes increasingly obsessed with capturing the killer whale and selling it to the aquarium. But his plans have unpleasant consequences when he accidentally kills a pregnant female of this species, and the distracted male looks at them. Rachel tells Nolan that the killer whale is an incredibly intelligent mammal with a strong memory and human-like feelings. Worse, the native of Umilak (Will Sampson) warns him that the whale will always remember his grief and do everything possible to get revenge. At first, Nolan tries to forget about the unfortunate incident, but the whale causes chaos in the fishing town, and disgruntled locals begin to demand that Nolan go to sea to hunt down and destroy him. In the end, Nolan forced to pursue killer whales? Hunting leads to the desert ice fields of the Arctic Ocean, where man and beast play their last fateful battle against each other. <br /> <br /> Two things stand out in this movie. One of them is Ennio Morricone’s ghostly score (perhaps the greatest film star composer of all time, his talents were wasted on various tithe croekers in the 70s and 80s). The other is Ted Moore’s amazing widescreen picture that makes the film invariably pleasing to the eye. In any other department, Orca ?? Killer Whale is a crappy film that does nothing to enhance the reputation of its talented actor and film crew. Harris looks extremely sick throughout the film, his hair is exhausted, the black rings around his eyes and skin are deadly pale. His performance lacks the usual vitality. Rampling takes a lot of sexual positions, but does not convince with his boring and ignorant explanations about the paths of the whales. The rest of the actors are lost in short and undeveloped roles, the most memorable of which is that Bo Derek bites his foot off a vengeful whale. The plot is complete nonsense from start to finish, with such ridiculous episodes as a whale, deliberately setting off a fire in a fishing village that embraces and destroys the local oil refinery! Although it can be assumed that whales are intelligent beings with genuine emotions, the idea that a whale could take revenge on one human opponent and accomplish it so consciously is completely absurd. Killer whale ?? Killer Whale is really one for overweight people .vs. The cycle of animals from the late 70s. Most will come out of the film, shaking their heads in disbelief and desperately gnashing their teeth.
