I recently watched this movie on the Hallmark channel. In my opinion, the film began fairly well, but in the end it became sour. <br /> <br /> History: An American soldier in Afghanistan receives one of the Christmas cards that a woman from the United States sent to troops for Christmas. The Christmas card inspires him so much that he feels that she has given him a ray of hope and happiness in his life, an urge to continue. When he is given a vacation, he goes to the same city in which this woman lives. He encounters an unpretentious young woman and eventually finds out that it was she who sent the Christmas card. He meets his family and after rescuing her father (a veteran of the Vietnam War) from being hit by a car, when he crosses the street, the family decides to take him for a while. We learn that he has no family at home. The soldier agrees to help the family during the Christmas season, working with them in their logging company. The family loves him and vice versa. The soldier also falls in love with the daughter of the family - the woman who sent the Christmas card. There is only one problem. She already has a serious relationship with a man with whom she is in love. This is also a relationship at a distance. The guy is very different from the soldier. He prefers wine and trips to France to hard work and walks in the fresh air. A woman prefers the latter. Throughout the film there is a “love triangle” when this woman’s boyfriend comes to town again for the season. It seems that everyone in the family wants her daughter to be with a soldier, and her mother basically wants what's best for her daughter. ** (WARNING ABOUT SPOILER) ** A woman loves a soldier more and more because they have a lot in common. They spend a lot of time together. She gradually attracts his person. Then one day he kisses her, and she kisses him back. Now she is so confused! She is in love with her boyfriend and wants to marry him someday, but she loved the soldier so much. Pretty soon the guy (who doesn't know about the kiss, but very much protects the woman and thinks that the soldier is trying to get close to her) decides to make an offer to the woman, and she agrees. However, his marriage plans are not the plans she wants. She wants to be at home, have children and be with her family. He wants to travel the world, visit exotic places, and if they have children, he wants to take them with him. It doesn't sound too exciting for a woman. However, the soldier feels bad because of what he did and does not want to worsen the situation. So he decides to leave the city, despite the fact that his father encourages him to stay and be with his daughter. Everything comes to an end when, at the service on Christmas Eve, together with the Church, we learn that the soldier has not left. The guy and the woman are talking to each other on the street, and he, with a broken heart, basically decides to let her go and breaks up with her. The film ends with a woman and a soldier getting together. <br /> <br /> Things I like: I like soldiers throughout most of the film. He is mostly good and polite, with a strong feeling of doing good for others; there are times when a family gathers with a church and participates in charitable affairs; the family holds hands and prays during dinner at the table; mum and dad have a long and obviously healthy marriage; the soldier is trying to do the right thing after doing something very wrong <br /> <br /> Things I don’t like: there’s a very typical "love triangle" story in this film; the soldier sours, slowly and subtly approaching the woman, and then eventually kisses her when she already has a boyfriend; a large part of the family practically applauds such behavior — the family goes with the church and participates in worship services, but this is how they act; there is a bad language <br /> <br /> Conclusion: I continued to be disappointed, and the film became worse and worse. I ended up with a quick shipment of the very end of the film, because I had had enough. So, the film began decently with a few precious moments, but ultimately destroyed itself. Therefore, I don't recommend this movie to anyone.
