Orca begins with the mercenary Irish sea captain Nolan (Richard Harris) and his team who are trying to catch the Great White Shark so they can sell it for big money, unfortunately, when it is attacked by an unfortunate marine biologist named Ken (Robert Carradine). The shark is killed by a killer whale, this raises Nolan's interest in killer whales and decides that he wants to catch one of them. However, trying to do this, he catches a pregnant woman and injures her to such an extent that she interrupts her unborn fetus on the deck, creating confusion and infuriating her spouse, and Nolan orders the whale to be thrown back into the sea, which is what happens. The Killer Whale male is annoyed, to say the least, and kills one of Nolan’s team members before they get to Newfoundland sushi in Canada, when Killer Whale there conducts a series of attacks on the city and people try to lure Nolan back. at sea for a battle for death ... <br /> <br /> Directed by Michael Anderson: I thought this brazen robbery was terrible, sorry, but I thought it was just ridiculous and completely boring even in the modest 90 s more minutes. The scenario of producer Luciano Vincenzoni and Sergio Donati is so stupid that I am lost for words, the fact that he takes himself seriously does not help, and if I have to listen to Charlotte Rampling, tell me how clever Killer Whale once more I will scream. Sorry, but I just do not believe that the killer whale is smart enough to know who owns a particular boat and sink it, I do not believe that a killer whale can cause a huge explosion, including knocking down an oil lamp on the other hand, it strikes because there is no way on earth that he could know that it was there, I do not believe that the killer whale can identify someone’s home, know that someone is there, and then destroy it on purpose, I do not believe a killer whale can move icebergs to trap a boat, I don’t I believe that killer whales can physically recognize people, and I do not believe that he has revenge instincts or at least as strong as this dull movie, Maybe I'm a little harsh, I mean, this just a movie, but this is a movie that tries to be serious, and everything became so ridiculous that I half expected the killer whale to write a letter to Nolan to tell him his plan and hand (or should it be good?) deliver it, the thing seemed smart enough to do anything else. They had to ask him to find a cure for the common cold! Seriously, this statement is nothing more than far-fetched than anything else in this film. I found the film very boring, absolutely boring and with a terrible character without any presence on the screen. It goes without saying that this is plagiarism of Jaws (1975), which does not even come close to the Spielberg classics. <br /> <br /> Directed by Anderson is not Spielberg, that's for sure, this dirty film has absolutely no expectation, fear, tension or atmosphere at all. All the scenes of the attacks are as boring as dirty water, and completely forgotten, they cannot be increased and practically does not pay off, since Ork cannot eat a single person. Then there are scenes that literally made me laugh, orca shots that seemed to cry, pure comedy, and opening scenes of two orcas, which I suspect, tried to show them as a “loving” and “caring” couple, but I couldn’t help but I think it is closer we ever Killer Porn, hilarious stuff. The shots of the killer whales themselves are boring and boring, instead of taking shots that fit and heighten the scenes around it, they just look like boring documentary shots about the wild nature that have little to do with anything else. Do you have the impression that I do not like this movie? Good. Forget about any blood or decent death, there is a short scene when Bo Derek bites off his legs, but blinks and you miss it. <br /> <br /> This was probably a fairly large budget, and it still sucks, Orca is nothing outstanding, I think it is well made, but flat, soft and completely forgotten. The cinematography is pretty good though. The acting is bad, the ramping is terrible, the late Irish accent of the late Harris is confusing. <br /> <br /> Orc is a villain who completely ignores or spoils everything that made Spielberg’s film so good, this is one for bad movie lovers everywhere. Definitely not recommended, although not as bad as Jaws: Revenge (1987).
