This is a fascinating film - especially for old film lovers and historians (I both). Unfortunately, in the first half of the twentieth century, black Americans were usually not allowed into white theaters. As a result, theaters serving black audiences wanted to show films reflecting black experiences and showing black actors. In many cases, the films were, in fact, similar in plot to the standard Hollywood fare, but with a much, much smaller budget - and, as a rule, terrible production costs. You really can not blame the filmmakers - they simply did not have the money and resources available to the average film company. As a result, they had to pay a lot less - including over-reliance on actors who were seen again and again, there was no money for re-filming scenes and the need to make films FAST! This film tried very hard to be a black version of Gene Autry's film - instead of it, Herb Jeffries was starring. Jeffries was a light-skinned man with a mixed background, and he starred in several similar cowboy movies. In each he sings a little, fights a little (although VERY bad) and loves a little - everything that is needed in a cowboy. Believe it or not, Jeffreys is still alive at the age of 96. <br /> <br /> The overall story was indistinguishable from Avri's picture - complete with anachronistic things, like phones in the west! The problem is that, despite its similarities, low budget shines through. Stymie (from Li'l Rascals) flipped through a few lines, but they just left it, the battle scenes were completely unrecorded and were some of the worst films ever made, there were some weird plot holes, there was no background music (leaving the film on surprisingly quiet), and the game was pretty awful. <br /> <br /> Now this does not mean that the film is not worth watching - only the fact that it faces technical problems that prevent it from being rated higher. One reviewer, oddly enough, scored this movie by 10! How it can be with all the problems - I can not afford. However, I can understand the man who loves the film, despite his many problems. The plot is generally pretty good, the characters are pleasant, the musical numbers are excellent, and you know that the people who made the film tried very hard, and this is a very important part of American history. But 10!? <br /> <br /> By the way, in some strange casting a very tall, thin and almost fair-skinned Jeffries paired up with a short, dull and exceptionally dark Mantan Moreland .... like his brother !! In addition, Spencer Williams may be familiar with you. He played Andy on TV "Amos' n Andy".
