The FBI Story (1959) was an epic tribute to Warner Bros. 149 minutes to a famous criminal investigation agency! A rather time-consuming script by Richard L. Green and John Twist came out of Don Whitehead’s book, and director Mervyn Leroy acted with a slight instinct. Nevertheless, he had excellent color cinematography by Joseph Birok and a useful score by music musician studio Max Steiner! <br /> <br /> The film tells the story of the Bureau from the earliest times in the twenties to the present day, and all this can be seen from the memories of an aging picky agent Chip Hardesty (James Stewart) when he relates his research experience - in memories - with a class of young beginner agents. But this is all very verbose and episodic! And as he develops, he begins to look like a television mini-series, and not as a major film production film, as young Harddy runs the American criminal gamut from taking such notorious criminal figures like “Baby” Nelson, Ma Barker, Dillinger and T. D., Before sorting out our nefarious organizations, such as the Ku Klux Klan, the Nazi spy rings and the Red Menace. And here it must be said that only for the presence on the screen and the attractiveness of its star the FBI HISTORY would probably have ended in a forgotten disaster. Moreover, this is another problem with the picture - Stewart has to carry the entire movie almost on his own! With the exception of Vera Miles - who plays the thankless role of her long-suffering, but devoted wife - he is surrounded by many minor players! Everywhere you half expect someone like Robert Ryan, Jack Palance or even Raymond Berra to make a welcome entry as a gangster, a police chief or something else. But there is nothing more creative than this ever happens! It's a pity! <br /> <br /> The film, however, gives a good overview of the work of the Bureau! Through the story of Stuart, we learn about the thousands of men and women who work in an organization that includes hundreds of local agents. We also look at the headquarters, which houses a giant section of records, and we also get an idea of ​​how chemists and fingerprint specialists carefully monitor their daily work. <br /> <br /> Another plus for the movie is Max. Wonderful Steiner score! Hearing over the names is a powerful, inspiring and decisive march, while for softer moments of the picture there is an attractive love theme. But the inventive and ominous theme of the march for the Ku Klux Klan sequence is rather ingenious. Better still is the rhythmic Latin American music that the composer wrote for the South American scenes, especially the exciting orchestrations like Fandango, for the arrival of federal troops on horseback. The FBI Story was one of the five scores written by the composer in 1959, which included Samuel Bronston's naval epic John Paul Jones, the fascinating romm of Cash McCall, Delmer Dave’s original western The Hanging Tree and “Daves” A “Summer Place”, on the basis of which the theme “Young Love” originated, which was to be the main hit for Steiner, better known as “Theme from Summer Place”. <br /> <br /> The story of the FBI is almost like a movie thanks to the rich color cinema of Biroc, the wonderful music of Steiner and, of course, Jimmy Stewart, who does something watchable! <br /> <br /> A classic but incredible line from THE FBI STORY ............. Like a limp Nick Adams (who just blew up a plane with 43 people on board, including his mother) taken away in handcuffs, he turns to the arresting officer and throws: "In case I get any mail, you can send it to Canyon City." prison for the next month or so - after that you can send him to hell. "That's it. Yes!
