Although there are some fragments in this four-part documentary that hint at the need to reform the law on narcotics in the field of entertainment, they are not well developed, unlike many fragments of those who believe that drugs that are currently illegal are disaster, the only possible solution of which is the imprisonment of even those who are guilty of even the mere possession of such drugs. <br /> <br /> Although this program as a whole leaves the viewer with the impression that the war on drugs is largely a useless task and a waste of money, and for this he deserves some praise, almost nothing in this documentary film considers very real the problems that the total war against those who simply own illegal drugs clearly causes and contributes - very real problems that most drug addicts themselves will tell you if they ask, they think that the war on drugs is intended to be resolved. For example, although a lot of time is spent on the upsurge of violence associated with the growing popularity of crack cocaine in the 1980s, none of these programs even hint that the laws themselves, designed to prevent crack cocaine, do not allow drug dealers to provide respecting their contracts and business relationships in the courts, forcing them to resort to violence in order to stay in business. But instead of seeing laws as an important cause of violence, the drugs themselves seem to take all the blame. It is inexplicable that this program completely ignores the ban on alcohol, the violence that followed it and the subsequent lifting of the ban. <br /> <br /> This program will help perpetuate the ridiculous stereotypes of drug users, and they are the main force in the conduct of a very expensive and very problematic drug war. The possibility of including other substances, other than alcohol, in a happy and successful life is not really affected. The use of any drug in abundance is likely to cause personal problems, but not all consumers use drugs in excess, just as not all alcohol users are alcoholics. <br /> <br /> If you want any of you to express an opinion that believes that adults have the moral right not to be imprisoned and their lives are ruined by the criminal justice system just because they use drugs that the government , for the most part for very arbitrary political reasons, and not for reasons based on sound social policy and legitimate science, decided to completely ban those whose users decided not to wage war against the metaphorically, just forget about it. None of this is here. <br /> <br /> On the other hand, it hardly belongs to the category of anti-drug propaganda. This is basically an interesting story about drugs in the United States of the 20th century, such as marijuana, LSD, heroin, cocaine, MDMA, and oxycontin. But there is an important element of the points of view of different people regarding drug laws, and most (but not all) of them are not very thoughtful or well informed and tend to favor the mentality of drug addicts, especially with regard to drugs other than marijuana. <br /> <br /> The criminal justice system, along with its often harshly destructive penalties, is obviously not the only or most appropriate response to every social problem, but, unfortunately, there is an epidemic in this country. an unnamed illness, the main symptoms of which are lack of imagination regarding social policies for certain drugs, lack of compassion for other people, prejudice against people who use drugs that are not approved by the government, perhaps interest in the growth of the prison / police industry and terrible apathy regarding human dignity. It is morally wrong to abduct or imprison people if you do not have very good reasons for this, and the mere possession of an arbitrarily chosen group of drugs is clearly not such a reason. This is really the main problem when it comes to drugs, but this program ignores it. <br /> <br /> So, in short, those parts of this program that are neutrally presenting the story, not feeding the stereotypes of drug users who are on the Heart of the Mental warfare mentality are pretty good, interesting and interesting. But when it comes to presenting a rational, non-radical point of view regarding drug policies and giving the audience examples not only of people who have problems with drugs, but also of many people who successfully incorporate drugs into a happy and successful life, this is disappointing. ,
