For many years, Madonna tried to prove not only to herself, but also to the public eye that she could act. Unfortunately, trying too hard to lose one’s personality doesn’t mix well. <br /> <br /> It seems to be better for her when she is NOT the star of any film: if you watch her in auxiliary performances in “Desperate Search” Susan (1985) or LEAGUE OF THEIR OWN (1992), she really looks good. As the story revolves around other actors, the weight of waiting is defaulted from its shoulders. <br /> <br /> The trouble begins when it is asked to become a movie star, regardless of the genre. Being the focus of the plot, which should be presented visually, be it good, mediocre, or simply terrible, it should imitate in a way that is similar to the actual presentation of the film, and not to the video. This is the fundamental difference between Madonna and, say, Bette Davis or Meryl Streep. The last two, even if the film would have failed (because the narrative story lacked some kind of efficiency in us treating it, or because the script failed, or because the actress herself simply wasn’t at the moment) , there will be something else in their performances that will lift the film from a full bomb. Both Davis and Streep had their share: Bette, whose career was longer than that of the Strip, in such tariffs as BUNNY O'HARE (1971) and WICKED STEPMOTHER (1989); Strip in SHE-DEVIL (1989). But at least that naturalism in the way they attacked their roles made us forget about the banality of the film and watch the performance. <br /> <br /> Madonna, on the other hand, is not a particularly talented actress, capable due to the fact that she really allowed us to understand her ability to convey a different personality, life is much worse, and even in the hands of such a person Like Woody Allen in Shadows and Fog (1992), inferior to the classics, she seems unnatural and a bit tough, perhaps even nervous, in her boring screen time, as if she knew about the cameras and the crew and simply could not let go. <br /> <br /> Here she once again tries to prove that she can act in that, in fact, a two-character film. Guy Ritchie, better known for his fighters filled with masculine energy, seems to be drifting, telling a story closer to someone like Michaelangelo Antonioni or Ingmar Bergman, who can tell the story of two people with incredible ease. And after 89 minutes, the events that take place happen so unconvincingly that when the last half hour comes and the story takes a dramatic turn, it does not feel sincere. From being an absolute witch without redemptive values ​​to sudden falling in love, this must be the most unconvincing 180-degree turn since Laura Faye Dunaway suddenly discovered her passion for Tommy Lee Jones in “EYES OF LAURA MARS” (1978). Just as unconvincing is Adriano Giannini’s disgusting turn in the middle of the film - there is no humor in him and he feels like a real psychopath - and when he gives in to Madonna’s love, he’s too quick to believe in him. Shooting in slow music and a visual montage of practicing love and beautiful landscapes do not improve and do not add this “transformation” from what would be a story of survival between incredible characters in a love story where both open each other. /> <br /> Attempting to get an unsatisfactory ending works against the film - it only makes him pull, tie in him, and when you need to shoot Madonna, moving from hope to desolation in close close-up, he feels that she is trying too hard Many actresses succeeded in transmitting so much, having done so little. Her performance is more suitable for the styles of acting skills of the late 20s - early 30s, when poses are compensated for as playing a role or emotion. <br /> <br /> Can a movie be better? Of course. There are many ways to shoot it in such a way that viewers feel that these people can at least hope to see each other again - this was done earlier, for example, in OVERBOARD (1987). This could have existential overtones, in which two completely different people must rely on each other, but not necessarily change (to provide a moral tone). Many dialogues and unnecessary erotic scenes could be spared for a quieter viewing of the film - as in PERSONA (1966). It could even be a thriller, provided that the character Giannini has a streakiness like Billy Zane in DEAD CALM (1989). Even if it was done as a sexual farce, for Madonna it would be better if she were overtime, an ugly figure taking her oath. But with his mean humor, at least without a glimpse of her character, which has a softer side, disguised as a bitch, and without real defining Giannini’s own character, this becomes another misfire, trying to look like a battle of the sexes.
