I almost saw it in a real cinema (theater house, no less!), But I couldn’t make it there for one whole week when he played, but yesterday I finally saw it by cable and ... well .. I was not disappointed , that's for sure! Madonna did it again: ANOTHER OTHER BOMB! When will this woman learn? When will the studios study? (Or perhaps they’ve already done it, since this film was pretty much shot, with a little pomp and fatal word of mouth.) One would hope that, under the guidance of her talented husband, who created some interesting and / or terribly interesting work, the same quality Madonna showed in “Desperately Looking for Susan”; Alas, this simply should not be, because here she is in her worst condition: she is unanimous in her greatness, in the complacency permeating every frame she is in, makes her even more unbearable because of her hesitating artificial British accent , an accent that only underlines the fact that her speaking voice is immature in quality and not particularly pleasant. This may seem unnecessarily cruel, but LISTENING to a woman, and LOOKING at her films, say, of the past decade: as in recent days Bette Davis, there is unmistakable fragility not only for her transportation, but also for her face and body, a warm photo shown throughout the film (perhaps the only saving grace) does not do any good. To her credit, this whole affair is so unfortunate that the question arises: can the greatest actress in the world on her best days do anything with this mess? No one was involved in escaping unscathed: Bruce Greenwood does seem to hurt him to be on screen, although poor Jeanne Tripplehorn seems to be acting as if she were really good at something that makes me think all the time: “Failure is not just the river of Egypt!” Adriano Giannini, son of Giancarlo Giannini, the star of the Italian original “Swept Away ...”, like his father before him, is very attractive and not so bad (despite winning in the nomination for “Worst actor ")), but, like almost everything else in this performance, everything returned lays on Madonna, who is guilty on her shoulders. Why is she? Why not her husband, director Guy Richie? What do you think, who is behind this remake? What actress would not want almost all movie frames focused on her, but the screen was not only a relative? Oh, of course, Richie deserves some guilt: of course, he - or someone - NO ONE! - should have and could have taken him aside and insisted on something bordering on ACTUAL feeling in her testimony lines (since its performance is so wooden that it is surprising that the rest of the actors there were splinters), or at least show a semblance of heat ... but it seems resistant to anything but a cinematic black hole. Among other things, this is a purely conceited project for his star, so she is ultimately responsible for him. Such a film, “A Strange Couple,” a class war, should be easy and fun, with presenters who can bounce off each other with a witty, even romantic, dialogue, for which there can still be a film whose plot consists of two scattered people position, right? Honestly, I don’t think that any of the participants knew exactly what tone they were trying to; it does not succeed either as a comedy (I challenge you to laugh even once), nor as a novel (the routine of the ice princess Madonna excludes ANY chemistry). It’s not even bad enough for us, lovers of bad cinema, to enjoy. A real shame ...
