If, unfortunately, I’m not mistaken, I shot A Nightmare on Elm Street 3 a few years ago, and there was a music video, I'm sure it was called Dream Warriors, and I shot it on DVD in the hope that the video will be there, because that it was one of the funniest things I've ever seen. It's amazing how things from the 80s are so funny right now, but there's nothing funnier than the 80s rap video. There was one rap group singing this song Dream Warriors in the VHS version of this movie after the credits, and they all wear like denim jackets without a shirt from the bottom and form suitable denim shorts that are all worn on bottoms like Daisy Dukes. What can make a rap group look more stupid, I can't imagine. <br /> <br /> (spoilers) In any case, I was disappointed that I was looking for this video on a DVD version, so all I had was a mediocre installment plan in Freddy Krueger’s series. The film begins with the same idea as in the second part, when the main character becomes a witness to all sorts of horrible murders, and then leaves the trance and finds himself in bloody hands. Kristen Parker (Patricia Arquette) has a nightmare about the infamous house Nancy Thompson once lived in, then she runs to the bathroom, the sink handles turn into Freddie’s hands and attack her, and then she wakes up standing in her bathroom, cutting her own wrists. From there, the film turns into a regular installment in a mental hospital. <br /> <br /> “Larry” Fishburn, tired of always playing the bad guy in his roles, was happy to take on the role in this film as a decent, strict, but kind guy when patients want to bend the rules a bit . Not surprisingly, it turns into something that is rapidly surpassing the best performance in the film. Later, Arquette became an experienced actor, but did not improve her acting skills when she starred in this film. The main characters of the film are all patients in a psychiatric hospital where Kristen gets into after cutting his wrists. They are all cynical and do not want to cooperate with each other, and almost no one believes that they are there at all. In the end, they understand and can convince employees that they all dream of the same person, and this is not just some kind of group hysteria. <br /> <br /> Heather Langenkamp returned in her famous role as Nancy Thompson. This time she grew up in dream researchers as a result of her childhood experiences with Freddy Krueger. Not surprisingly, she is able to quickly communicate with the hysterical Kristen and the rest of the patients, as she experienced exactly what they are going through. There are several interesting killings in this article, and the technology used for special effects made a huge leap. There is a giant Freddie-like worm that tries to swallow Kristen entirely, there is a scene where the TV turns into Freddie, and with the help of mechanical hands he picks up one of the patients there for some nightly entertainment program and punishes her for sitting too close . to the TV, but there is also an unconvincing scene in motion, where a couple of guys are fighting with the skeleton of Freddy Kruger, who is rotting in the trunk of some car at a car dump. And one of the most moaning scenes was the one where Freddie attacks one of the patients in a dream (famous for sleepwalking), tearing muscles and tendons in his arms and legs and leading him around like a puppet. Oh. <br /> <br /> In this issue we will introduce Freddie’s past. We not only meet with his mother, but also find out the circumstances that led to the fact that Freddie was the father of more than 100 maniacs. In the fight against Freddie, all patients unite and in a dream use their special abilities (most of which reflect their flaws in real life) to fight him. One student attached to a wheelchair can walk in a dream, another has the cheerful abilities of what he calls the "Wizard", the other - "beautiful and bad" (she has a lot of makeup, her hair stands in a foot mohawk, and she has knives). Clever, but the film breaks down when only one of the patients is in it, the one who cannot speak has no strength in his dreams until the film culminates, when he suddenly realizes that he can speak in his dreams (just the right moment for save the day). The power of his dreams was too obvious to be ignored for a long time, but all together, now you understand why the film was named “Warriors of Dreams”. <br /> <br /> Overall, this is not an entirely weak entry in the series. The acting is pretty crappy, but in fact it's pretty good for a horror movie. Larry Fishburn significantly overshadows the rest of the actors, showing great acting skills at the beginning of his career, and the film is not just a rehash of one of the first two? The problem that torments Friday the 13th cinema is much more than the films on Elm Street. Characters are never sufficiently developed to create more tension in the future, so most deaths are more likely to be creative ways to kill someone in a horror movie than the tragic death of one of the characters, we learned and support their victory over evil. But on the other hand, not so many horror films take the time to really develop your characters to such an extent that you empty your hands, raise your hands when they are killed, or are on the edge of your place when they run for my life. But it is important to note that the few horror films that actually do this are almost always the best ??
