THE NIGHT, CONCERNING, GAME OUT OF THE GRAVE (Emilio Miraglia, Italy, 1971). <br /> <br /> I watched this crazy piece of euroshish only in the form of the terrible DVD release of Alpha Video (looks like a very bad video transmission), but from what I saw is not interesting enough to buy a recent DVD release No Shame. Given their excellent track record, this will undoubtedly be a major improvement over all previous releases. And do not pay attention to the ridiculous cover shown here, it is not taken from this film (some girl holds her head like Jim Carrey). <br /> <br /> Spaghetti star from Western Europe Anthony Steffen plays sports on the hips and takes on the role of Lord Alan Cunningham, a man who is haunted by the memories of his dead wife Evelyn. This leads to a nervous breakdown, due to which he remains in a psychiatric clinic. After being released, Cunningham directs this injury, delivering red-haired prostitutes to his village castle, exposing them to cruel torture. His doctor and friend Richard Timberlein (what do you mean, Italian horror names sound like “made-up?”) He advises him to forget the past and remarry, but Cunningham is obsessed with Evelyn and even organizes a session in the castle. In the end, after killing several more girls, he meets Gladys, another redhead, and almost immediately marries her, but the arrival of his new wife gives rise to a series of sinister events. Bloodthirsty creatures attack the family of Sir Alan, killing them one by one. Discouraged, Cunningham visits Evelyn's grave and discovers that it is empty. Soon, many “outsiders” begin to suspect that something suspicious is happening in the castle, and Lord Cunningham’s treatment may not have been so successful. <br /> <br /> Directed by Emilio Miraglia trying to mix gothic horror with Djallo agreements with limited success. As usual, there was not the slightest effort to convince viewers that the film would be shown in England. Cars drive on the right side of the road, everyone looks very Mediterranean, and the castle (and the rest of the architecture) is clearly Italian. This is a common practice in Italian horror, but sometimes they just go too far. A bad font made it even a bit tolerable, since it is so dark that you still could not see most of the surroundings. But, again, this is a film where anything can happen in the name of exploitation, and the image of reality is not a problem. Most consist of scenes of sadomasochistic torture in the torture chamber at the castle, but most of the time Anthony Steffen overcomes this and demonstrates some horrendous excessive acts. I think it all depends on your state of mind, and this can be funny nonsense if you are in the right mood. I just could not take it, at least with the print I was looking at. A pleasant score by Bruno Nicholas, combining easily listened melodies and some psychedelic rock numbers. <br /> <br /> Camera Obscura --- 4/10
