I wondered why I didn’t like Peggy Sue, who was married, more than I did when she first appeared in 1986, with all this hype. Somehow I found the character Nick Cage pushes away. The path repels. Then the plot did not seem to make sense. Then, by the end of the credits, the question arose: what was the meaning of this film? What does this say? The answer, unfortunately, was not very much, anyway. I really do not think this film is intended to make a statement; if it was not “your life is your life, you will make the same mistakes, no matter what, so watch the donut, not the hole.” Not a very deep statement, and I apologize, not made deep in this film. The letter is just not that good. The direction is uneven and sometimes strangely exaggerated. Kathleen Turner was the best and, in my opinion, the only worthy thing in this film, and did something miraculous, creating the whole character, despite the strange, inexplicable circumstances, with the script, in which there was no obvious statement. <br /> <br /> She also finally clarified for me the riddle of the main reason why I didn’t like this film anymore. In her autobiography, she states that Cage fought decisively with the leadership of her uncle Coppola every step of the way, doing it “in her own way” (not a good idea for a new actor), and making a stupid voice that she called “stupid.” ". His voice was annoying, abrasive and unnatural, and his character was unpleasant and domineering, like a young guy. I understand what he was trying to do: play a “hot shot” of a young guy who is not as hot as he thinks, setting up his own karma for future failure. But he goes overboard, the way he does it is abrasive, ineffective, and if he listened to his uncle instead of “fighting with a man,” we would have a more pleasant film. Cage slips a little with his disgusting voice style in the film and sometimes sounds like a real person, and these scenes are more watchable than others. But if I had to watch the movie in full, I would want to pay someone in Los Angeles to put a bucket of water on his head during some of his more affected (put on) scenes. <br /> <br /> The film is not aimed at approval, does not put points, it is pleasant to look at it, except for the cases when Cage makes a crazy impression of Elvis (but without a voice) and, ultimately, confuses and waste of time. Given all this, Kathleen Turner certainly deserved an Oscar in this messy mess of the film. I can’t recommend anyone to spend two hours on it, unless you like Turner and you don’t have a remote to select all of her scenes. Believe me, you do not miss a plot, skipping other scenes, and it will have the same meaning. <br /> <br /> Kathleen Turner receives a lot of criticism from comments about her Cage comments, which proves that she is strong enough to be honest and damned to notice other people. You go, Turner! I'm not particularly a fan of this actress, like any other first-class actor or actress, but her candor is refreshing. Cage play can be annoying, but it doesn't work here. At least in this film now we know why.
