Lord Alan Cunningham (Antonio De Teffe) - crazy {seen early on, trying to avoid insane asylum}, with this castle, slowly giving in to destruction, loves to kill various prostitutes like his late wife Evelyn, a woman who betrayed him for another person with these red locks. This psycho is very rich, and his bachelor status can be quite tempting. He, however, is overwhelmed by his obsession with the memory of his deceased wife (especially her adultery ... he saw her naked with her lover). While Evelyn’s memory almost absorbs his whole existence, Alan tries to find true love and believes that he has with Gladys (Marina Malfatti, who spends most of the film naked ... this is probably her lonely attribute because she very good actress), who agrees to marry him after a very short courtship, which probably should immediately raise the flags {there is a key moment of dialogue, when she knows exactly how much he costs}. <br /> <br /> The only real person Alan can trust is his doctor from the hospital, Dr. Richard Timberlane (Giacomo Rossi-Stuart). There are other key characters in this movie that revolve around Alan. Alan's cousin, George (Rod Murdoch), seems to be a pretty good friend who often supplies him with victims ... I mean dating, hoping to someday get the property of his lord. Albert (Roberto Mulder), brother of Evelyn, is witnessing the murder of Alan and, instead of turning him into a police force, squeezes him for money. Aunt Agatha (Joan S. Davis), confined to a wheelchair, lives in the castle estate and is often noticed that she is hanging around behind cracked doors. We later discover that she has an affair with Albert. <br /> <br /> Everything described above serves the rest of the story, which shows what looks like a ghost of Evelyn stalking Alan, someone kills members of an acting family that revolves around Alan, and Evelyn’s body is really missing. <br /> <br /> The final question is who commits a crime after Alan and Gladys got married, where is Evelyn's body, and will Alan go over the edge? I have to be honest and say that I just didn’t really care about this movie. This is highly uneven, and the placement is everywhere. On a new DVD, it looks great, and “rising from the grave” is cool, but what really hurts the film is that the whole cast is unpleasant. It is really hard for you to care for Alan, because he is a psychotic who skates on thin ice to keep his sanity. It can be quite volatile. Whoever commits a crime is not really a big surprise, because after several key characters were killed, there is no other choice who could do it. What happens to Alan doesn't really make you swallow your throat, because you can argue that he just gets what he deserves. Those who are behind the whole film scheme for Alan, as I indicated earlier, are not so shocking, because if you are just a little aware of certain circumstances (or the advantages that they will have) that will benefit them from the collapse of Alan's sanity, then everything just comes off the star. I thought that the editing was unstable and uninteresting, but the effect of the whole cast is really below par. Some style helps, and in the episodes of the cemetery there is a gothic atmosphere to help them with this.
