Alan (Anthony Steffen), an English multimillionaire with several screws loosened (thanks to the betrayal of his first wife and untimely death during childbirth), luring sexy red-haired women into his castle, offering them wads of money to stay for the weekend He gets them to Neckid, continues to beat them with a whip, and then kills them. <br /> <br /> But when he meets blonde beauty Gladys (Marina Malfatti) and falls in love with her Enough charm, he decides to give up his murderous ways and marry. However, their marital bliss is short-lived, due to the unreliable mental state of Alan, which becomes increasingly fragile when his dead wife, Evelyn, begins to appear outside the window, and a lot of horrific murders take place in the castle grounds. <br /> <br /> So, to sum up: a great euro-horror of the 70s with a lot of delicious women in different states of undressing; creepy gothic retreats and misty cemeteries; sadist, rich psycho with a penchant for stunning beauties with cracked bodies; several brutal murders (including a large number, when one victim is struck on a stone and its insides are eaten by foxes). Usually such a checklist would guarantee me a good time, so why did it seem to me that “The night when Evelyn came out of her grave” is so boring? Well, first of all, the plot is too complicated: red herrings, crazy plots and a lot of suspects, and everything becomes too much. To the ridiculous ending, in which we find that all the time several people were plotting to speak in order to get their greedy paws on the wealth of Alan, and that our red-haired work really should be the hero of the film? “My head hurt too much to care! Secondly, Emilio Maraglia’s direction is rather sluggish. Stylish, yes; but at times slower than molasses. <br /> <br /> And there are some damn stupid ones, maybe even for hyallo: death from the bite of a poisonous snake (undoubtedly, one of the strangest weapon options ever); Aunt Alana Agatha, an old cripple played by a pretty young woman; hiring a group of identical curly blondes as maids; unsuccessful attempt to convince viewers that the film is in England (the mention of "pounds" and hiring a police uniform for one of the additional materials is not enough); and then, of course, there is a chance to find a bag with sulfuric acid lying next to the pool ... <br /> <br /> "Night Evelyn came out of her grave" is not a waste of time (as it could be, with such a large the amount of female flesh on the show?), but there are much better giallo there. See it if you are a fan of the genre, and you have already seen the best ??, but do not expect too much.
