This film is another distortion, among many distortions, about the so-called "sins of consumerism." Note that “Rev. Billy,” the actor (Bill Talen), is no more than a bureaucrat against “sins of consumption.” Can we ask questions such as: "Rev. Billy" making a living? How does he make money? Does he earn a living from his “tax free” organization? How does Domestic Income justify this as a “tax free” church or organization? <br /> <br /> Everyone knows that Christmas is commercialized, but it gives one day a year when people have the opportunity to be charitable, and allows a significant number of people to spend time with their families, friends or extended families. Everything is not charitable. Everyone does not spend time with their families, friends or extended families. But holidays and vacation time give people the opportunity and opportunity. Yes, America has more than just its own share of problems, but, with perseverance, Americans always overcome great difficulties. And even in times of conflict, America has established itself as the greatest country in the world. This happens when Americans rally and unite, rather than separate and separate. Yes, there are problems with corporations and monopolies, but Americans will need to return small business along with ethics in order to responsibly take care of people living in our particular communities. Yes, globalization has brought us its share of problems, but the Americans will return production to America. The Americans and the US government must learn to keep the budget no matter how large or small, and we must stop our dependence on credit. Our over-reliance on credit will make and make us poor from the cradle to the grave. It is important to buy, but if we buy less, we will rely less on credit. And, if we manage to save even a small amount of money, we will have money for a rainy day. It cannot be said that, as Americans, we will receive an equal share of wealth. Wealth is not guaranteed and never guaranteed. But stratification teaches us that only a small percentage of Americans own most of the American wealth. There is a good affinity that you or I can reach the level of a higher, middle class. And who knows what could happen from there?!? Be positive, work hard - and, at least, you and I will be able to achieve at least some (if not all) of our dreams. In life, nothing is guaranteed, but we always have something to achieve. And if you or I have no dreams, we might be dead. In America, there is always a place for many hopes and dreams. As individuals, we are part of a group, but we can always become a group leader. <br /> <br /> My experience has always been that churches and religion offer nothing but additional distortions, but I respect and respect people with different convictions, values ​​and attitudes. But, as far as the distortions in this film are expressed, I do not believe in such beliefs, values ​​and perspectives. I rate this film with 1 out of 10 - but, frankly, this film deserves zero. This film has no integrity, and I cannot recommend it.
