What happened? These were the first words that came to mind after this terrible film for the first and last time ended on the screen of my computer. The nightmare on Elm Street visibly fell after it became the iconic classic of the first film, but I doubt that anyone expected this terrible aberration. No one expected this cosmic joke about the film, and no one was more upset about it than I was. <br /> <br /> This is definitely the worst film in the ANO series. At first, things are not so bad, with a really creepy introduction and a rather elongated shower scene featuring Alice. But then from the very beginning we reached the bottom, with a bad game and a random sequence of events. I mean, of course, Freddie’s films should be fabulous and creepy, but this one is like a train wreck because of a bad sequence of events and a horrible plot. It feels like you have a terrible headache, and not something that scares you. Thus, the direction fails completely. There is nothing awaiting and well-thought-out horror from previous sequels, and even the death scenes are basically just rude and moronic (especially death from food), except for the steep scene that is created as a battle of comics. That's why this movie makes sense. <br /> <br /> Storyline ... Lame, Lame, Lame, LAME. It was a reason for rude people and to piss off MPAA, and nothing more. <br /> <br /> I have to mention how Freddie turned into a childlike clown figure, similar to a man. ? How did his reincarnation scene make him look like a monster from the horror book of a 7-year-old child instead of the foreboding and nightmarish dream killer we all knew and hated from the very first movie? This hand waves his arms and laughs silly when he reappears ... ugh. And his one liner too. Throughout the movie, they suck. Poorly. A schoolboy can come up with more funny things than what Freddie belches during the 90 minutes of the film. Hell, a chimpanzee can come up with much more ridiculous features than what Freddie said here. Who wrote the script for this? This film is also very annoying. It seems meaningless. Like a coma buzzing around your head, a coma that just won't go away. Freddie is just annoyed now. We have seen it so many times before. This is nothing special, and in most cases you just want him to shoot his horrible one-night players and leave the TV screen. Alice, instead of the thoughtful and quiet girl from the last film, seems annoying and very superficial, and this is obviously connected with the terrible, terrible script that was used in this film. Lisa Wilcox can be a great actor, and sometimes it shines through here, but she can't save this film. Other actors just suck, mostly. <br /> <br /> Freddie’s last 15 or 20 minutes in this film are terrible and confusing. I hope Englund was ashamed of that. Who wants to see Freddie running around like a mutated gorilla with stretched limbs, laughing like a cartoon villain? This film ruined everything positive that I felt in the TV series Nightmare. I can never watch them again without this image running through my head; Kruger's perverted caricature abomination. He gradually became a joke, a backward icon of pop culture, but this is the lowest of the lowest. This is the bottom. No one will ever take Freddy Krueger seriously after watching this movie. He is nothing more than a joke, a clown who has long been retired. Pathetic. <br /> <br /> Of all the films that I could hate, why was it “A Nightmare on Elm Street”, a TV series that I once adored and loved very much? The Dream Child personifies the death of a legend and the destruction of any hope that I had in the Nightmare on Elm Street series. Freddy will continue his downward spiral to clown status in the next release, Freddy's Dead (which was actually more entertaining than it really was), and then continue to lower the mood in Freddy VS Jason, and finally I would understand that Freddy sucks but this film is generally terrible and one of the worst films ever made. No one is advised, and even OTHER terminators will not want to see it again.
