That shit .... bullshit. I can't believe any company could get people to work on such a film. Full Moon has some horrible movies, but it must be the worst of all. First, the plot does not exist. This is strange. This is similar to the fact that they took the idea for the story, and it seems like they never bothered to develop it. They seemed to have just spent a lot of time shooting on the street, while two “heroes” were driving around the desert, and Bradbury talked nonsense for about 10 minutes. There were two scenes in the film (when Dez and Dezi were driving, and when Dez and Bradbury were driving) where it just went on and on ... it was almost like 2 music videos in the place where there should have been some dialogue or action. They just drove about 5 minutes, without a single music and pictures of the surrounding landscape. <br /> <br /> Then we come to the set, which is just awful. First, the girl who plays Dazzy is just a beast. She looks so scared that I wanted to look away when she was on the screen! Terrible casting Then you have a boyfriend who played Desa, who could not act if his life depended on it. His "crying" is actually ridiculous, and his crazy antics are even funnier. The guy who plays the porter at the hotel is as bad as the guy who plays Bradbury. In this film there was no acting skills deserving any recognition. <br /> <br /> The effect of cosmetics ... hmm, can anyone say it's a pity? The “effects” were so fake that they were ridiculous. A crazy little robot that looks like a caterpillar grabs someone, they are cut off, and when they return, this guy has a completely false wound. Nice. Have they run out of money for a make-up budget or what ?! I have to say that the drug addict girl who is in the apartment of one girl ... there is also good makeup. I think they were going to look like dope, and I think she should have had a black boyfriend, but it was more like cheap zombie makeup for Halloween. <br /> <br /> This movie is terrible from the start. The story is stupid and very, very unoriginal, the direction looks like it was executed by a 10-year-old, the action is the lowest of the minimum, and so on. Stay away from this movie at all costs. Firstly, it's only 70 minutes, and at least 20 minutes is occupied either by music, not by dialogue, or by the character sitting in the hotel. Do not waste your time on this piece of garbage.
