A fashionably fragmented, but at the same time wildly half-realized character study, a study of the different personalities of two college roommates: a talented but undisciplined star basketball player and marijuana smoking, turning into a woman. We will never know why these young people are friends. They may share confusion about the world and its place in it, but it seems they have nothing in common. Making his directorial debut, Jack Nicholson - who also co-wrote the script with Jeremy Larner on the basis of Larner's book - does not introduce us to the characters with any clarity, and he does not create scenes to help us identify with anyone on the screen. There are some very decent performances (especially starter William Tepper, in the lead role), but most of the picture is not formed (perhaps intentionally), sketchy or unsure. Bruce Dern plays an avid basketball coach, Karen Black - the older, married lady Tepper, with whom the novel, and Michael Margott - Tepper's wayward friend (in a terrific, terrific performance). Nicholson is not in a position to establish sequences with any particular flavor, preferring (I guess) to allow character interaction to dominate the tone of the film; his script also does not help, and as a result it is not clear to whom we should sympathize. Small random moments really work (a fight in the supermarket between Tepper and Black, Dern visits Tepper in his dorm room, all the scenes on the court), but the entire third act of the picture is a painful mess. Hoping to oppose an important ball game in the form of sexual assault, Nicholson does not show style in his craft (nor does he earn points for insolence, since his statement of these events is whimsical and ugly). When the director struggles to humiliate his actors, his motives must be questioned. Perhaps, if “Drive, he said” eventually made some powerful statement in the deal, viewers could forgive the director for his mistakes in judgment and taste. Unfortunately, the bewilderment is as stunning as the rest of the film. * 1/2 of ****
