The tragedy is that this piece of garbage was part of my curriculum when I studied cinema. So imagine how I was forced to watch it completely. Believe me, going through hell is a lot easier. Our professor told us that this is some kind of film, but he never thought that we would disagree or make the right decision. I do not think that there are any gods on earth, we are just people, so all directors CAN make mistakes, bad films ... Or very bad ones. The main problem was not that art is necessarily receptive to endless points of view, but that many people simply do not understand that every person has his or her true taste, opinion, and therefore I believe that this is the greatest film that ever filmed, maybe the worst of all, and how is it right in both directions, but how many people can get it right? ". So my professor believes in this film, but I just don’t. However, the only way to evaluate this “thing” is to measure it by the original intention of showing us different types of old folk stories or something else, to capture the mentality, imagination and nature of this society. To be honest, Mr. Pierre Paolo Pasolini, as a writer and director, made it too unbearable to look at first. The film is so ugly. I hate it, so how about analyzing it and then discovering the potential beauty in it !! It is disgusting outside of your mind, and, oddly enough, not for the occasion of a movie or something else, it is for the sake of unstable vision (Pasolini). His work is so primitive to an underdeveloped degree. Deadly cinematic technique, an effective sense of stupidity and incredible horror made everything unpleasant. Look at the brutal game, fruitless cinematography, terribly bad scenery ... Oh God, I already have nausea. This can forcibly end your objectivity, since watching this film is one of the real problems, such as the removal of wisdom teeth from a blind doctor. There are horrible nightmares that may be more merciful than that. So, how to continue to just that it was fair? In fact, you do not. Since this very film does not apply to you fairly at all. There is a truly memorable scene in which several boys pee into the camera's peephole (!). I'm trying to connect some things like this with the end of Pasolini as killed.
