Yes, I “understand” Pasolini and his environment, but at the same time I feel that his “Decameron” is largely overvalued and more than a little troubling. Overvalued, because the supposed “realism” that he introduces (small crowds, collapsing architecture, etc.), is discussed in an absurd and completely stupid way of behavior of the characters. In pursuit of realism, Pasolini used many non-actors, but their views “Deer in the headlights” and the painfully awkward delivery of the lines give a terrible non-standard and inconsistent feeling to everything. And, frankly, many of the toothless people with bad facial features are painful to watch. <br /> <br /> And the Decameron Pasolini is disturbing (at least to me) because of the random and widespread homosexual content. Not because I am a hypocrite or homophobic (me too), but because the emphasis that Pasolini gives to homoerotic images and situations is contrary to neo-realism, which he otherwise supports, so it seems unreasonable and forced. I can almost hear him say, “Oh, I need to stick a cute naked boy in this scene!” Sometimes it seems that Pasolini is trying to raise the homosexual angle to show his nose to critics, and sometimes because he himself likes this aspect, regardless from what his audience prefers. <br /> <br /> The disunity of 9 or 10 different stories in The Decameron by Pasolini seemed to me that I was a loser of Pasolini as a narrator, and not an aspect of neorealism. He seems to be bored with every story, and therefore he wraps them up quite unconvincingly and with a little conviction. Even the last line of Pasolini’s dialogue in the film, which some people find pithy (“Why create a work of art when you dream about it is much sweeter?”) - I just wonder why Pasolini bother to make a film if he felt that way? In my opinion, a much better created film (and with GREAT homosexual content) is Fellini's “Satyricon”. He is also full of strange-looking people and absurd situations, but he succeeds because of his pace, direction and strong story-telling, while Decameron fails because of the same elements.
