For me, unsatisfactory, inconclusive film robbery. With the cast, especially with the three leading and experienced director, such as Spike Lee, I expected much more and in the end felt that what was done did little to add to this genre of film. First, I didn’t like the pace of the film, starting with director Clive Owen’s thoughts in front of the camera, unduly repeated in custody, and then finding that the narrative is replete with confusing, not to mention unreal interviews of witnesses. and found himself jumping into scenes that you feel started earlier. Of course, camera work is smooth, constantly on the move and includes many hand-made shots, but director Lee is unable to deliver thrills or tensions, failing without making any of the film’s main characters. Thirty-five years ago, Denzel Washington was chained with clothes and silly conversations about the film “Mine” (he even has such that “no one understands him except what happens to his woman,” replete with “hot”). A girlfriend teasing her with rude, rude and inappropriate "dirty talk"), and his soft reef "In The Heat Of The Night" with Willem Defoe (almost in a small part) causes subtle fluctuations. Clive Owens plays his character with a decisive English accent, even though we believe that the gang is based on Arabic, which is also hampered by the need to play 90% of the film with a mask on his face. Jodie Foster offers yet another of his patented ice maidens with tightened lips, turning into a subclass of Clarice Starling, a well-connected headhunter, if you like, with little effect. In general, this is a real hodgepodge of the film, with a slight but obvious turn at the end; in fact, the title separates it from the beginning, spoiler fans. The worst scene (of many) is undoubtedly the testimony of Washington, incredibly, with an 8-year-old homeless child, although Owen’s dialogue with the same child a few minutes ago brings him to an embarrassment. During the film, the characters refer to classic robberies, such as Serpico and Dog Day Afternoon, but there is no honor in self-praise. More like "Hot Rock" instead ... and even that was good for a few laughs.
