No movie with Madeleine Carroll in its composition can not be available for viewing. However, I must add that this British film comes close. The story unfolds aboard the Atlantic and is largely based on the unfinished journey of the Titanic. The word "unsinkable" is pronounced, the liner hits the iceberg, and we hear the heavenly choir singing "Closer to you, my God." Doomed passengers will eventually take over the anthem by doing smart work. But the release year of the film (1929) means that the modern viewer must accept an otherwise primitive sound and many existing agreements of silent films and scenes. This is not a problem. The main disadvantage of the film is stimulation, and the stimulation was well developed in silence. However, if the dialogue was delivered at a realistic speed, the time the movie was shown would have been halved. The intended effect was dramatic (and clarity in the new environment), but the result, unfortunately, is tiring now. The structure of the film is absurdly illogical and inept. Paradoxically, I found some editing details quite modern in technology: beautiful, sharp cuts from one area of ​​the ship to another, sometimes even to sound effects. Despite the fact that we are aboard the Atlantic from the first frame, before I discovered this fact, it took us more than 4 minutes to make a film. There are long, obsessive musical passages of the ship's dance orchestra. (An entertaining, easy sound.) Personal stories are presented completely unconvincing and unconvincing. Don't even think about the spectacle. Berg is a tiny thing, and the external damage it causes to the hull is a slight dent. However, scenes with passengers bursting into lifeboats — clearly set on a real ship, presumably tied to a docking station — cause tremendous excitement. In addition to the glorious Miss Carroll, these episodes are the only distinguishing features of the film. When the film and the ship come to an end, the screen becomes black several times when the generators fail. Their last, everlasting blackout is the end of the film, with a sealed sunset / sunrise, awkward symbolic effect. Atlantic is the curiosity of the cinema. Best case scenario. <br /> <br />
