I am a filmmaker at Wright State University in Ohio, and yesterday, unfortunately, I was given the opportunity to watch this horrible film in class. Our professor told us that it would be very funny for us, but the reason we watched him was that it was one of the first sound films - a complete disaster. <br /> <br /> The problem with the early sound The films were that Hollywood actors only knew how to make silent films, and they did not know how to memorize the lines. Therefore, producers and directors look at the scene to get actors. Sounds like a great idea, right? Well, the kind of acting on stage is not very well manifested in the movies. Most of the actors in Atlantic look and sound as if they were playing a play, which causes a lot of joyful laughter over excessive play. Another limitation of the early sound film was microphone technology. You could not move the microphones as much as you can today, you had to keep them still, otherwise they would catch the sound of passing air. Usually in this film one microphone was used. In one particular scene, a man sits at a table. Someone comes right up to him and delivers his line, then leaves. Another actor comes up from behind his back, delivers his line and leaves. This continues for several more people. The one who sits at the table is clearly coming to the microphone, turning the actor’s carousel into laughter. <br /> <br /> These are only technical issues. If you get into the plot and direction, it becomes even worse. This story is a fictional story about what happened on the Titanic. The characters are incredible and meaningless. “Stories” about a man who cheats on his wife and their teenage daughter have no place in the film. This is barely resolved and leaves you wondering why he was there in the first place. Foolish attempt to high drama, the actors many times make long, pregnant pause between the lines. It's tiring, and you can't wait for this 90-minute film (at least 180) to end. Now I will not talk much about the problem of racism in our country, but I was very offended that there were only two black people in the entire film, and they were depicted as animals. They both walked past the women and children to try to get into one of the lifeboats. They were ordered to stop or be shot, and, of course, they did not, so they were shot. I was shocked. <br /> <br /> I put this movie on 2/10. I would give him 1/10 (the lowest possible rating), but I gave him an extra point just because it was one of the first sound films, and I tried to put it in context. If you want to watch a good early sound film, see Alfred Hitchcock's “Blackmail”, which was also released in 1929. You will find that the best directors were able to immediately adapt to new technologies.
