I like good, slow drama. Christmas in August, “Chungking Express”, “The Virgin Stripped Naked by Bachelors”, “The Road Home”, “Spring in a Small Town”, “Han-bi”, “Eat, Drink”, “Dolls”, “In the Mood for Love "and" Spring-Summer. " ?? Just to name a few. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, in the genre of drama there is a subset of films that try to play jackets of good films, but are not interested in anything by themselves. Is this what I call IAN films ?? "Incomprehensible artistic nonsense." Tsai Ming-Liang is the king of this subgenre, and Viv L'Amour is his “masterpiece”. In fact, this cream of tasty debris under the guise of "art". People walk through their apartments, drink water, walk back and forth, waiting for payphones to get free, hang posters, fasten papers, go to the bathroom, eat, do push ups, have sex, slap mosquitoes, etc. I am not joking, when I say that this is the exact synopsis of the entire film, which is a typical poster for senseless art-house trash. There is no plot, storyline, no interesting or noteworthy events, no emotions, no meaningful dialogue and, most importantly? without drama. <br /> <br /> In the most intense stage, two people "knock" on the bed, and the man masturbates under the mattress ?? ironically, it is also completely tasteless and gratuitous. Relationships of the characters on the bed are almost absent. Tsai, apparently, did not want to tell the viewer anything about these people, except for the obvious fact that they like to “beat”. The man under the bed is the same one-dimensional and uninteresting. He likes to drink water, do makeup with melons and iron himself. This is Cai's idea of ​​"character development." Truly truly deceived "entertainer". <br /> <br /> Cai’s true contribution to Vive L'Amour is perhaps the most terrible scene in the history of cinematographic art. First, he shows the lead actress all the way from one end of the park to the other for 285 consecutive seconds, and then hysterically shows her cry ?? absolutely no reason ?? for another 356 consecutive seconds. The film then abruptly ends. It makes no sense. No entertainment. Just pure, focused torture inflicted on the viewer. <br /> <br /> In an attempt to defeat a dead horse. The main theme of loneliness is so poorly handled that the only true feeling of this film is boredom. In fact, Kiyoshi Kurosawa offers a much better exposure of loneliness in his horror film Cairo. And guess what? This is really interesting! This film progressed as slowly as molasses in January, but there are more effective ways to solve the problem of loneliness than a waste of time, known as Vive L'Amour. Cairo is a great example of this. <br /> <br /> Movie lovers can thank Cai Min-liang for making this film because he provided irrefutable evidence that the movie in the art house can be made as bad as the B-class, made for television horror movies. Snow art house officially lost their support for self-confidence. The quality level of your precious genre now overrides films such as Army of Darkness and ?? suffocation! ?? Showgirls How do you like these apples?
