This is a stupid movie. Perhaps my opinion would not have been so harsh if the film had not promised so much, but I just felt that this film had deceived and played me for a fool at every turn. <br /> <br /> I didn't have any beef with acting, but I thought the characters were terrible. The film begins with the fact that the character of Clive Owen tells us what a criminal mastermind he is and how he planned a perfect bank robbery, which he often reminds us of later. Oh yes, he also tells us that he is in a prison cell, although this turns out to be a silly metaphor. Any idiot knows that the best bank robbery is the case when the minimum number of things can go wrong and you are long gone before the police arrived. But according to Clive Owen's plan, you have to hang around the bank for hours — for no reason but to walk and look, as far as I can tell, it’s scary. He also has to control the hostages, negotiate with the police and, most fantasticly, do the work in this old house in the bank warehouse and hide there for a week (I hope he brought enough food and a bucket to pee) and then sneak off again. Yes, it looks like the perfect crime for me, Clive! In this regard, there are so many moving parts that the only reason he did not fall apart was because the screenwriter said so. <br /> <br /> And there are still a lot of inexplicable details: why are the cops so convinced that fraudsters are accomplices among the hostages? Who the hell is Jodie Foster's character, and why is she so important that she has a mayor on her behalf, and she doesn’t need to inform Denzel Washington of her agenda, because "is she above his wage scale?" How stupid are these policemen that they can't understand that one guy speaks a foreign language for hours, isn't that the sound of a criminal group planning a robbery? How did the robbers slip away, and why did Clive Owen linger for a week? How did they learn about the past chairman of the bank, the number and content of his safe? Why the hell did Clive Owen let in Jodie Foster or the cops? Since when do they make toy AK-47s that look very close? How the hell are you making a pizza box? How did Clive Owen manage to quietly get out of the safe zone of the bank during working hours? Did this passionless criminal feel so attached to this policeman, Denzel, to slip him a diamond? <br /> <br /> None of these questions were answered. There are films that reach depth, forcing you to think about the events taking place behind the scenes, but I have never felt this in Inside Man. It seemed to me that the scenes that explained these things were cut from the film, or these questions never had answers, and that was weak. Particularly annoying is the character of Jodie Foster, who does not reveal what she is doing, but it never seems to get tired of reminding us how important she is. I think we just have to take her word for it. <br /> <br /> The only reason I gave this movie two stars was because I laughed at Denzel’s jokes Taxi and Pina Colada, and the outrageous video game of the child. In addition, this film has no redemptive features.
