I saw most of the works of Ryuhey Kitamura and concluded that he knows how to act. The scenes are kinetic and fast, often combining elements of martial arts, fighting with weapons and samurai fighting with camera work, which effectively captures the slaughterhouse on the screen. With Versus and Aragami, Kitamura demonstrated this creativity and showed that he is more than able to work with a small budget. So what happened in Live? To be more rude, the answer will be - nothing. Nothing happened in Live, it was a film for more than two hours, in which there was almost nothing, and there were practically no characters and plot. <br /> <br /> Adapted from the comic strip Zutomu Takahashi “Alive” - a study of the life of one Tenshu Yashiro (played by Hideo Sasaki), who was sentenced to death, who survived his execution. Then he is given a choice: either repeat the execution or expose himself to a strange series of experiments. He chooses the latter, and soon after that he is placed in a room with the rapist, and then with a girl infected with a strange parasite, who, in exchange for the host’s humanity, endows him with supernatural powers. Naturally, at some point the parasite moves in Yashiro, but it’s bad that it will not happen very soon. <br /> <br /> Like “Aragami”, “Live” sets its first half in creating the main exposition. The characters are represented, their motives are established, and their relationship with each other is revealed. All this happens even in one set. The first serious problem of this comparison is that, although “Aragami” was only a 70-minute film, “Live” lasts more than two hours, so the first part lasted more than an hour. This length could be justified if the characters became a little more interesting, but, alas, it is not. The dialogue is dry, monotonous, delivered without a sense of emotion or depth, the characters themselves are not very interesting. There were several small attempts to make “Alive” more morally ambiguous, but in the end it all came down to the classics: the evil government people are against the super-powerful protagonist, which you, you guessed, eventually saved the girl. As I said earlier, the entire film practically takes place in one set, and after two hours it becomes boring, and it is even worse that the set of scenery itself was not even interesting from the very beginning, and it can do little to improve in other aspects. the movie. <br /> <br /> Now that the first part is over, you might think that Kitamura will at least create several entertaining scenes to make up for a boring start. Unfortunately, this is not the case. The only two fights are actually a paraphrase of similar fights from Hollywood films, complemented by bullet time effects and extrasensory abilities. They are simply uninteresting and not funny, Kitamura's work from Versus has disappeared, a small set even limits his often very impressive camera work, and it all boils down to general and expected fights, really a shame. <br /> <Obviously, Aragami was better in all respects, and Kitamura learned something from Live. So watch the movie was not a complete loss. If you only understand the errors, how to fix them and create a more exciting movie.
