Film: There are some very interesting comments about this movie on IMDb. This is really terrible. Not enough money was spent on the film, and the way Spike Lee did it is like a mix of indie film and action movie. Characters / Actors: Denzel did EXACTLY what he does in every film, so it’s not surprising. Here is a small intellectual game for readers. Quickly think about 10 films of Denzel. Now count how many of them he played as a policeman / detective / bodyguard, whatever. Clive Owen, hmmmmm, this guy will soon need the best part on his plate. His best performance was, I think, in "Beyond Borders". In addition, he did the same thing as in every movie. His tone and manner of speaking were very similar to what he did in the “City of Sins”. Of course, this guy knows his acting skills, but he doesn’t know how best to choose roles. He desperately needs the best agent. Jodie Foster was great in the movie if you watch her for the first time in her life. She did better. She had the best roles. In Hollywood, it happens that even the biggest stars fall to their knees and choose the roles of the lower class, as Jody Foster did in this film. Plot: The plot did not embarrass, in fact, I could come up with such a plot, in fact, the whole film, when I took a dump after a good big Chinese dinner. I mean, come on, ***** SPOILER ON THE WAY ----> I'm tired of the unnecessary Howlokasta and sign of racism. The film tells about bank robbers, why put Howlokast and Racism there, try to play with people's emotions, work for someone? NOT I. The police released the bank robbers, thinking that they were hostages? Please, we are talking about police and US security here. No one could find out where Clive is, I mean, they did not find anything else in this room. Who are we kidding? Conclusion: of course, go see this movie, if nothing else, you will have a great time talking with your friends how bad this movie was. At least, people will not think that you are stupid to watch this film, because they think that you went to watch it, because it has a big star cast “ERROR”.
