It seems to me that Stephen King’s pseudonym "Bachman" was a way for him to release some of the more somber, coarser, vile things he wanted to write, without "defiling" his "brand." If you look at Bachman’s Books (Running Man, Long Walk, Road Works, Thinner), you will notice that they have a feeling of airlessness and hopelessness that is different from the ruling King. I understand that we are talking about a guy whose first novel depicts a humiliated, gory, emotionally crippled teenage girl who kills everyone at school graduation party ... but Mr. King always has characters and plot elements that kindle the gloom of the proceedings a bit, and basically have endings that offer at least a glimmer of hope and human feelings. Bachmann’s books are simply mean and always end badly. (By the way, Pet Semetary could easily have become Bachmann’s book if King hadn’t revealed the pseudonym by that time. And the Dark Half is at least partially related to his Bachman persona.) <br /> <" Thinner "was the last book of Bachmann, and the man, with his themes of class struggle, revenge and death from starvation, is very disgusting. It is therefore not surprising that the film follows him. <br /> <br /> What is surprising is that the adaptation seems to be filmed at the talent level of “TV Movie Of the Week”, and not something worthy of a theatrical release. (Nowadays, something like this will probably go straight to a DVD or cable). A make-up and a striking motive (starvation in the midst of abundance, a metaphor for the overfed, undernourished American middle class, if one ever existed) —that is all that makes you watch this fire pass. <br /> <br /> What went wrong? At first I thought that the director was going to the unpleasant atmosphere of Bachmann, but he also somehow drained all interest from the film with a poor choice of actors - the actors here (except for Joe Monetegny) simply cannot take down the film, And then he ousted warmth and life from the rest of the movie with awkward rhythm and scene structure. In addition, he could not leave the plot alone, and his changes are not very helpful. The script and the dialogue should work, but basically the film just lies there. Everything is muffled, boring, airless, and it is not interesting to look at them ... except for the bright exception, when the spectacle of the main character becomes ... thinner, thinner and thinner. <br /> <br /> As others have noted, Thinner is by no means the worst movie about King (or even the second worst movie). And it does have a terrible, irresistible charm because of the theme and the careful work of the cosmetics. But for the first time, viewers should approach this with lowered expectations.
