No, I did not read Stephen King's novel Thinner, but I suppressed the film version. Horror movies have acquired a taste. Regular films give the hero a round of applause when he seeks to achieve a goal. In horror films, viewers are invited to enjoy the demise of the characters. In the film directed by Tom Holland with a low-fat, but tasteless avenger "Thinner" no one wins, and everyone deserves to be bitten. New England's voracious attorney Billy Halleck (Robert John Burke from Robocop 3) has weight problems. Despite the fact that he weighs the scales in the bathroom for 300 pounds, he seems to be happily married to a neat, delightful wife, Heidi (Lucinda Jenny from "GI Jane") with a trembling teenage daughter. <br /> <br /> Fat does not mean stupid here. Halleck shows his insight in court when he wins an acquittal for the dirty leader of the mafia Richie Ginelli (Joe Mantegna from The House of Games). Returning home from the holiday of victory, Billy beats an old gypsy crossing the street and kills her. A cover-up happens, and Halleck's friends pulled him out of the soup. The angry Gypsy father Taduz Lemke (Michael Konstantin from Skidoo) curses the obese lawyer and two city officials who rehabilitated him. Suddenly, Halleck loses kilograms, no matter how much he drinks. When he begs a vengeful gypsy to lift the curse, the old man refuses. In desperation, Halleck resorts to Richie. While Halleck is struggling with gypsies to remove the hex, he learns that his faithful wife has turned her attention to the hot doctor of the city. <br /> <br /> “Thinner” qualifies as not only a ridiculously inept horror film, but the filmmakers also rely on stereotypes of men and women. Tom Holland, who filmed The Children's Game (1988), and screenwriter Michael McDowell, filed such a scenario that you can't enjoy watching Billy get his dessert and cringe. Thinner boasts fewer shocks and fewer surprises. The filmmakers may have spewed King’s romance, but they filled out any sense of horror and humor that it contained. Holland and McDowell represent characters such as the mob and then inexplicably let them off the hook. One minor character appears long enough to die and has a chicken head stuffed in his mouth. <br /> <br /> Characters' stereotypical behavior can also offend viewers. The “Thinner” depicts women as chanterelles with a surplus, and men as pigs. When Halleck sneaks home from the clinic, he finds his doctor’s sports car parked at his home. His suspicions grow into jealousy, and he develops a scheme for transmitting the curse to this wife. Even a premature ending lacks satirical flavor. Oscar-winning special effects master Greg Cannan from Van Helsing and makeup artist Bob Laden do an amazing job of picking up actor Robert John Burke for obesity. They also manage to make it shriveled. <br /> <br /> Only loyal fans of Stephen King will be able to digest this misogynist misconception.
