I do not know where to start with one of the worst films that I did not want to watch for a very long time. From a situation that was completely obvious and understandable to anyone who visited London for at least one day, would agree ... it was not London. To such an inexplicable method, how the Snipe character managed to escape from the country back to the USA without a single problem. Then he convinces the girl and grandmother to visit him in America, how grandmother agreed to this ... he is a murderer! Well, that’s the end of the film, unfortunately, it’s not much better. We have British policemen driving an amazing assortment of cars, I'm sure it was Vauxhall Belmont of the eighties who chased a taxi after an appointment, but a modern Subaru Imprezza escorting a prison van in several scenes earlier. SO19 or anyone else who tried to portray the weapons they were trying to portray, happily ran through the streets with weapons in pursuit of Snipe along with the CIA. Children went around, but the police still claimed that they had an accurate shot to shoot him, is this happening in London? No, no, I live there. We also have a very implausible trip from central London to the airport (say, to Heathrow for argumentation) within 5 minutes after receiving the call. We also have terrible American accents, a young girl who is taller than the queen, but lives in Elephant & Castle. What does this say about the British police when helicopters and a number of officers in the Snipe area cannot find the Snipe and manages to avoid capture by hiding behind the stairs? The train station was clearly not in the UK, and the sound effects at the scene of the battle were terrible. The plot was also extremely boring, boring, was written and shot much better a thousand times earlier. But there were several famous actors in this film, what they thought about, and please don't let this encourage you to watch this movie! It seems that this film did not know what it wanted to be: if you are going to focus on the dramatic aspects after completing the assignment, then you need a strong hard story with believable decorations and scenery, this is what the viewer has time to accept and appreciate, and do it wrong, then you notice it. If you need a fully action movie (and this is not the case), then continuity and scenery can be put aside.
