And finally, the old, old Michael Corleone falls and says: “WHAM!” Who REALLY wrote for this last part of the saga of the Godfather? Probably the same staff that makes "As the world rotates." This film does not deserve the title "The Godfather" in general. Let's call it "Cosas of Our Nostras" or "All my capos." As a person who faced many mafia people in my business life, I can say without exception that I have never met such a gangster as internally conflicting and contemplative as Michael Corleone. Let's face it, these guys in the mafia solely because they are greedy, nothing more. In this film, Don Corleone spends a lot of time thinking about his past actions and his grim future, maybe even about the afterlife, and then recovering remarkably quickly to carry out some fantastic business deal or order the death of one or the other, similar to the big one. Time operator, he is deep down. Then there is his bad marriage. After the scenes of parting in G2, we can hope that Michael and Kay will reunite as a man and wife, but here they seem to just become very good, platonic friends who can laugh, cry and share intimate thoughts about their lives. As if the writers are trying to turn Michael into a woman. This is a strange behavior for two people who have shared a passion for the marriage bed for 9 years. There and there are mistakes, or maybe they are the sins of authorship. The poor, beautiful of the old country, Sofia Coppola, is doomed to a hopeless role with too many short lines in the film that do not fit into what the young woman would say in casual conversations — she was given “remarks” and not “lines” for emotion. Her “passionate” love scene with Andy Garcia looks like something from a bad teen sex comedy when they chew their kisses with their mouths open and caress each other behind their backs on the kitchen board like puppets ... Glenn Close has amazingly shot sex sex. Michael Douglas, but it's just ridiculous here. In addition, there is a character Andy, Winnie Mancini, who was also given a difficult and ungrateful role. I suppose that he, I suppose, will be a new, new Don Corleone, but he almost passed the job on a silver platter and must do a little to strengthen his position, unlike Michael’s simultaneous strikes on all 5 families in G1. This process can be a genuine way of transferring power to the Mafia family, but why so much is done from this boring routine? Of course, someday Don Vincent may earn the respect of his fellow gangsters, but in the script there are small revelations of characters, which, unfortunately, give us a portrait of this young man. Puzo did an excellent job with the task of quickly and briefly developing Michael's character in G1. But G3 has no economy in telling stories, and we suffer because of stretching, until we want to just take a nap. Thirdly, George Hamilton was also assigned a thankless task - he became a family lawyer after Robt Duval reportedly refused the third party in the role of Tom Hagen. George wisely underestimated his role, so she worked without damage to the actor. Connie Corleone's character development is interesting, but it goes too far when she takes deadly substances into her hands (she may well end up sleeping with Fredos if it were the real world). But it is not all that bad. The penthouse murder scene is exquisite! In addition, “they continue to pull me back” or words to that effect is a great line. And we return to some of the sensations of the old country, when we return to Sicily, even if all this was done in 1989, and they have modern cars and haircuts. The storylines, including the corrupt hierarchy of the Catholic Church, are quite interesting because they are based on real financial frauds in Banco-Vaticani in the 1980s, but, again, too far, too exciting scenes of death, etc. The Great Opera scenes are very dramatic and well photographed. But the scene of the death of Mary to the end - at best, an unbalanced attempt at emotional manipulation. All writers need to understand that we do not always need more and more death to bring the film about the mafia to a successful conclusion. You feel sorry for Kay that her daughter is dead, she is so good at playing her grief, but Michael’s reaction is Hammi, Hammi, Hammi. Then Michael dies somewhere in the 21st century, in Sicily, alone in a large estate, from heart failure ... with a grandson who could play with before his death, there is no wife who could mourn him. What MUST happen in the last half of this film is that Michael was tracked down by someone like Rudy Gilliani, put on trial, all the dirty little affairs of his dirty family and bloodthirsty concessions appeared before the court of the day, and then Michael was convicted in RICO. charters and sent to federal prison for life ... then he can tip over dead from heart failure by wiping the floor in LEAVENWORTH. This is how mafia dons ended their careers in the late 80s and early 90s, and they received much better treatment than they deserved.
