I have been hiding behind these boards for several years due to the apparent lack of intelligence that is transmitted through the reviews, which periodically appear in the IMDb space of this film. I watched this film thanks to the Chinese Film Festival in New York at the subway cinema (this year he had an excellent selection of films, “Vital, Snake of June”, “CHA NO AJI”, “Lifestyle”) and every day regretted From this film it is pulled out from the depth of my consciousness and becomes a vivid memory. <br /> <br /> I’m sure you can read the laudatory summary of the Subway Cinema film, and probably that’s why I made the mistake of dragging my friend into the movie. This description created a horror film that I had been waiting for so long, which is based on sheer terror, not cheap fears. P was actually different. It was based on a cheap laugh. <br /> <br /> An incredibly annoying announcer called this film "Lesbians who fight monsters." Absolutely not true. In this film, there is a plot that was created in such a way that it seemed that the relationship between the girl and the Pooks really went off somewhere. More lies. This film looks like a short film "Are You Afraid of the Dark?" This story is ridiculous, and it managed to cause laughter and confusion among the audience only after they finally canceled their attempt to watch this film with any seriousness and try to forget the $ 9 they had wasted outside the door. I almost wish Paul Sperrier was in the audience, so I could laugh at him and ask him why he spent 5 years in Thailand to make a bad erotic horror-cum-porn that belongs to the spice channel, which only the actress managed to get excommunicated from his family and caused a slight uproar at the Belgian Film Festival. The only movement that caused this was gurgling in the lower part of the intestine, since it could not extract itself from the intestine. In any case, I hope that I can dissuade anyone from committing a serious mistake by seeing this film, it was really one of my three worst impressions from the film, which beat out a “soul plan” for No. 2.
