Part of the Godfather I was a stunning look in the fictional Corleone family and how innocent the young man was almost compelled in circumstances in which he never wanted to participate. The Godfather, Part II, shows that the young man’s acceptance of his new role, his desensitization of character, as well as his complete loss of all innocence, when he plunges deeper and deeper into the criminal life. The first two parts of this transformation saga of Michael Corleone became one of the greatest tragedies in the history of cinema. <br /> <br /> Then the third part of the Godfather appeared. Michael Corleone is now an aging don of the Corleone family. He demonstrates repentance of his previous actions, not because of his subtle behavior, but because he is trying to use his strength for the good and recognizes all his misdeeds and regrets towards others. Very cliche and uncharacteristically for such a complex character as Michael Corleone. Michael's plans to use his strength for good are ruined by an ambitious young student and his enemies. Michael’s daughter ends up falling victim to incessant gangster wars, and her death, as expected, leads Michael to realize that his whole life as Don was useless, because he failed in one thing that was the reason , to put himself in the position he was in: Protecting his family. <br /> <br /> Godfather Part II ends with Michael Corleone reaching the lowest of the lows: killing his own brother. Before the third part was done, the saint about the Godfather was an emotionally exciting story about the journey of an innocent young man into the dark with an incredibly tragic end to how Michael forgot his roots and abandoned what was always most important to him and others: family loyalty. Part III portrays Michael as a man who has always been a victim of circumstances. This greatly spoils the meaning of the first two films. <br /> <br /> The Godfather, Part III, is a terrible mess of a movie that should never have been made. The only solution to the problem that lies in this last part of The Godfather films is to pretend that it does not exist and that the saga actually ends with Michael’s shockingly terrible act of killing a member of his own family.
