In the beginning of “The Godfather: Part III”, the son of Michael Corleone wants to quit law school and become a musician. Michael Corleone does not want this. But his ex-wife Kay manages to convince him to allow Anthony Corleone to make music the way he wants. So he does. <br /> <br /> This seems like a strange way to start a review, as this is a minor plot point that has nothing to do with the main action. Just stand by me here; you will see where I go with this in the end. Now let me tell you about the main plot. This is about Michael Corleone, who wants to quit the crime forever (he largely abandoned all the criminal elements in his family business). But then comes Vincent Mancini, an illegitimate nephew who is involved in enmity. So, of course, Michael must endure another fight against crime, gun violence and all this good gangster stuff. Meanwhile, Vincent has a half-edible affair with Michael Mary's daughter. Oh, and Michael and Kay are trying to fix all the terrible things that happened at the end of the second part. <br /> <br /> This is like a soap opera. One terrible, terrible, 169-minute soap opera. Gone are some sophisticated, romantic and emotional relationships that made the first two films so popular. After a 16-year break in the franchise, Francis Ford Coppola brought confusion and pretentiousness, completely incompatible with the first two films, once again proving that his last great work was Apocalypse Now in the 1970s. <br /> <What's worse, “The Godfather: Part III” is not even a logical continuation of “The Godfather: Part II”. Michael is a completely different person. He did not just go to the crop (which could be legal, even if it would be uninteresting to look at it). He turned into a good-natured hero who tries to correct the whole tragedy that made Part II such a destructive masterpiece. His confession to the priest was bad enough, but that small diabetic attack in the middle pushed him nauseously. He also comes back with Kay! For God's sake, there should be absolutely no way, as the second film, clarified quite clearly! She interrupted his child, and his Sicilian upbringing made him despise her for it. Didn't Francis Ford Coppola even think about these things? <br /> <br /> And don't even get me into the novel of Mary and Vincent! For the forbidden novel, it was shockingly uninteresting. Sofia Coppola's game did not help. She made the smartest move in her life when she moved from the camera to the back, because she could have been the worst actress I've ever seen in the Best Picture nomination. Each line she uttered was painfully remembered, and each time the drama was based on her acting ability, she only revealed inappropriate giggles. In the climate scene - I will not go into details, but you will understand what scene I am talking about when / if you look at her - she looks at Michael and says: “...... Dad? "I think I should have been crying, but the line was delivered so badly that I burst out with a long, loud laugh! <br /> <br /> Now we are at the climax, and now you will also understand why I found time to start your review by describing Anthony Corleone's musical ambitions.After 140 minutes of minor drama and irrelevant events, Anthony Corleone returns ... with opera! a pair of killers walking around trying to kill Michael. About this climax sequence I wives say one thing: it was really good! But not because of the killers - they were pretty boring. I just really liked the opera. He had great music and really great sets. And from the fact that it showed us a little, it seemed that the story echoes the origin of the Corleone family.I can bet that it was one great opera and I bet that Michael Corleone was glad that he allowed his son to switch from law school to music. <br /> <br /> My biggest wish is for Francis Ford Coppola to just remove the opera by Anthony Corleone for 169 minutes and leave the rest of the wet melodrama. Even better, if he had not done Godfather: Part III at all. Part II gave us the perfect ending. It was suicide and unnecessary. <br /> <br /> P.S. This is not an internal reaction to the film. I watched all 3 films of The Godfather more than a month ago (although I watched the first one). This means not only that my expectations regarding Part III did not materialize (in fact, after what I heard, I set a rather low bar), it also means that I had a good time to think about all the films. Although at first I was a little disappointed with the second part, the more I thought about it, the better it seemed. But the third part was bad from the start, and then it got worse, the more I thought about it. Sadly, many people will stop at Part I, but if they also look at Part II, they will most likely move on to Part III. If you have the will, see Parts I and II and pretend that Part III never existed.
