When Samantha Eggar (like Phyllis Ditrikson) enters her door wrapped in a towel, you realize that, no matter how competent an actress is like Eggar, she does not have the hypnotic charm of Barbara Stanvik. And this is not exactly Eggar's fault. In the original film, Wilder made Stanvik not only appear in a towel, but also go on stage on the second floor balcony. And she does not "go out"; she appears as if by magic. Walter Neff looks down at her on the first floor. There is a reason for this. Stanwyck is much higher than Neff (Fred MacMurray) when they are first introduced. This is not just a towel. The towel adds seductive appeal. Her posture is like a Greek goddess with a view of her possessions, and in a strange way you feel as if from the very beginning she actually controls the whole situation. She has sexual, even magical power. This man is not an ordinary housewife. This man is a mystery in which secrets are hidden. <br /> <br /> Back in 1973. The remake knock Krenna on the door. The refuge of Stanvik, Eggar, opens the door with a towel around it. There is no "appearance". She just opens the door. Charming superiority, which captures the public at the first appearance of Stanvik in 1944, is completely absent in 1973. She opens the door with a towel around her. It may be sexy in the style of Charlie's Angels, but it is not so mysterious. The creators of the remake film seem to misunderstand Wilder's point of view. Perhaps the script read: “The Phillies appear in the towel,” so the creators of the remake simply follow the instructions and include the necessary towel. It's not a towel. The point is Phyllis' mysterious qualities and the potential power she possesses. Wilder gave her a towel to add to her mysticism. The filmmakers handed her a towel, because this is what Wilder did. And in the selection of the shot, I lost all the mystic Phyllis. <br /> <br /> Richard Krenna, too, seems to be mistaken. He seems to be "playing", and not in the midst of a dilemma. Part of the problem is that Krenna looks just like a 70s actor. He can't get into the 1940s. When McMurray first speaks into the microphone, sweat begins to drip from his face. No sweat on Krenna. And they also changed one of the important lines at the beginning. In the original Neff says: "I did not receive the money and did not receive the woman." In the 1973 version, Krenna says: "I did not receive the money and did not want this woman." Did the filmmakers completely misunderstand the whole story? Or did they drag him for a “television” audience? <br /> <br /> This film, created for television, is a reproduction by numbers. The entire sharp edge of the original is lost. The only outstanding, perhaps, Lee J. Cobb in the role that became famous by Edward J. Robinson. But he can not save the loss of the intensity of the original. This boring remake of 1973 is an unforgettable television film, probably made by the same people as Gilligan Island. They might as well have tried to remake "Citizen Kane" or "Gone With the Wind." If mediocrity is the best thing to hope for, what is the point? Classic 1944 - a film with a capital "F". This remake for television deserves an “F” rating, or perhaps a “D” for stupid ones.
