This 1973 remake of the 1944 classic Billy Wilder film “Double Refund” is an educational example of how to destroy a great script. This class B television feed also illustrates the stupidity of remakes in general. While Hollywood pursued greedy executives who color black-and-white films and sought disclaimers for widescreen films shown in the pan and scan versions, the industry ignored hacks who insist on taking a classic film and shrinking it. with a trashy remake. <br /> <br /> The first step in creating a classic version of a classic game is to edit the script. The work of Billy-Wilder-Raymond-Chandler was reduced by half an hour to fit the finished film at a specified time interval with advertising space. Then update the production with soft, color photos, smart, upscale suites, and television familiar actors. Thus, a completely new “Double Insurance” eliminates atmospheric black and white film noir, which improves the mood and characteristics of the original. Gone are the dusty, dark, claustrophobic sets that explained the main characters' desire to avoid their situations at any cost. The close ties between Kiz and Neff and the erotic attraction between Neff and Phyllis are gone. <br /> <br /> Jack Smythe’s view of “Double Compensation” is more of a Dynasty rather than a film noir. Phyllis Ditrikson has a designer house for which you can die, and it would be difficult to afford a comfortable Neff pillow to pay for the salary of the insurance vendor, not to mention the Mercedes convertible sports car he drives. None of the heroes have obvious motive for killing for a paltry 200,000 dollars. If not money, then maybe killing for love or lust? Not in this version. Richard Krenna has little interest in Samantha Eggar, and their kisses are just as lustful as her brother and sister. Krenne fails to catch Neff’s cynicism, and his attempts at double intention and sexual suggestion are horribly flat. Eggar is a little better and lacks sensuality and depth to suggest the inner workings of a supposedly cunning and manipulative mind. Only Lee J. Cobb directs decent work in the role of Kiz. Directed by Jack Smythe and his three directors did a much better job. <br /> <br /> There was no reasonable reason for creating this wretched remake, except to fill the time on the air. There was no reason to revive this disc on DVD and pack it with the original film, with the exception of filling the two-disc package. The only lesson that can be learned from this misfire is that even a great script and a great dialogue can be destroyed due to poor caste, poor directionality and production values ​​of television quality. The “Double Refund” of 1973 should be called “Refund of 10%”, because watching it only emphasizes the 100% perfection of the original film.
