Murder and insurance fraud lead the couple to the “end of the line” ... <br /> <br /> In the early 1970s, television was visually vulgar, and this truncated, forged television forgeries had hurt my eyes. This can not be compared with the classic Billy Wilder in 1944, because any sane person should know - sight is invisible - but this does not mean that this update should be considered as a separate entity. Although based on the original Paramount script, there is more than half an hour, and the director’s indifferent indifference makes what is inevitably forgotten. With rare exceptions, the younger generation was not interested in watching old black-and-white films on TV in 1973 (alas, still relevant today), so this grim, compelling story was new for the vast majority of viewers; then, as now, the rating board and cashing were its only meaning. Gus Van Zandt remade Alfred Hitchcock's PSYCHO for the same reasons, and if because of this the reduction caused a search for original films or novels, so much the better. I liked so much the original novel about James M. Cain that I was able to tune in to him at that time, and for the second time I liked this capsule-surprise: long hair, strapless shoes, turbans, ugly decor and fluffy brown locks "invited star "Samantha Eggar, who did not try too hard. In addition to recognizing several random roles from childhood held in front of a boobie, Lee J. Cobb was able to hold my interest as tired of the world tired Kiz, but only friendly and harmless Richard Crenna Walter Neff. reminded me of Bill Bixby on a bad day. Improving the original, of course, was never supposed to rush to make money, but instead of a meaningless re-reading a new adaptation of the novel would be a new idea. Cain's book is somewhat different from his celluloid incarnations, and the terrible fins of a shark at the end of moonlight are a killer. Constructivist in me is grateful that this accelerated update "Me Decade" was included as an addition to the DVD "DOUBLE INDEMNITY", but this experience not only made me watch the original for a long time, but also caused nostalgia for any episode of a better COLUMBO. TV series. I also remembered a very good 1973 ABC television film that I hadn’t seen since its broadcast: the Linda John D. Macdonald film, in which the lead role was played by the beautiful Stella Stevens in the role of a ruthless femme fatale killing her lover (sexy John Saxon) wife, and then substitutes her husband with a soft demeanor for the crime, and, if I remember correctly, there is also an open end. As a DOUBLE INDEMNITY, it was unnecessarily redone with the queen of the television film Virginia Madsen as the titular fox and Richard Thomas as the milquetoast husband.
