Oh, if I could give this garbage less than one star! There were two funny parts throughout the film, and that’s it! one was somewhere a line or two from the song “Don't worry, be happy” slugs sang, and the other where Roddy fell from the toilet roll and landed, spreading his legs and legs so that everything else he fell down him in the groin. This is nothing more fun, at least for me anyway! Doctornappy2 is wrong to say that "fans of the absolutely terrible Shrek might enjoy it, but the fans of Wallace and Gromit are likely to turn away with disgust." Since I loved Shrek 1 2 and 3, I also love Wallace and Gromit. You see, what it comes down to is that if the animation is done very well, then it is definitely worth a look, however it was not as good as you could get! The continuity errors were too great. Some were noted by the creators of this site, others are not. I will not point at everyone else, but here are some more to see: when the young daughter leaves at the beginning of the film, the latch to the cage door falls off, and the part of the hook on the right clearly returns by the knob, thus effectively keeping so Roddy couldn't get out, and yet he just hit her. At some point, Rubin falls on the back of Roddy and Rita pushes him straight into the air while the ship moves forward. In the next scene, Roddy caught it again. It's impossible. Seeing the ship moving forward, the only place where the ruby ​​was thrown out from under the back of Roddy’s shirt, the only place he could land was in the water and not in Roddy’s hand. There was a third one I wanted to pay attention to, but now I have forgotten it. <br /> <br /> Too much, due to the lack of a better word, “jokes” were repeated in one way or another, there was not enough time to establish any connection with any of the characters, the characters were empty, shallow and empty , and the whole movie left you wanting ... wanting to see 85 minutes of something else! Paint drying or grass growing are two excellent options!
