Very young Ginger Rogers exchanges quick jokes and one liner with rival newspaper reporter Lyle Talbot in this mysterious 1933 murder from the director of the film Poverty Row Allied Productions. The film begins with the fact that a rich businessman removes the title from the garden on the roof of a multistory apartment building or from the apartment of a lover? Rogers actually has two personalities at the beginning of the film - Miss Terry, the secretary of the deceased victim, as well as her signature in the newspaper about Pat Morgan. Mistakenly calling her story directly to Ted Rand Rand (Talbot) instead of the correspondence table of her newspaper, she retires for her efforts when her boss finds out that he has left the house. <br /> <br /> This is a mystery - it was uncovered during Police Inspector Russell (Purnell Pratt) who is investigating Harker's death that Terry / Morgan was his secretary for three weeks. Why exactly was that? After the fact will make sense that she was there for a newspaper story, but before? It is clear that Harker's association with a famous gangster lives comfortably in the same residential building, but again, this association is not related until everything is connected with janitor Peterson (Harvey Clark). And who makes up all the business cards with a HSSS snake with the words "will you hear it" cut and pasted below? Apparently, the hissing snake sound was the sound made by the radiator system of a dwelling house that Peterson used to transfer poisonous gas to rooms of potential victims, such as Mrs. Coby in the apartment under Harker. But in response to Inspector Russell’s question about the death of Mrs. Kobi, he “clearly” answered the reason for strangulation. <br /> <br /> It was these rather contradictory plot points that made the film somewhat unsatisfactory for me. The revelation of the janitor Peterson as the bad guy in this work takes place under some terrible circumstances, when we see him stuffing Miss Morgan’s unconscious body into a furnace for burning building waste! However, and gaining another point against succession, we see Miss Morgan in the huge basement room when Peterson lights the stove; she escaped, but how? And still cute as a picture. And who will achieve to remove the collar from the screen, if not none other than the assistant of the police dairy shelter Wilfred (Arthur Hoyt), who in the debut scene fell to his feet, entering the room. <br /> <br /> Sorry, but for all of these Reviewers who found Squeaky in the Night a satisfactory detective, I believe that any Charlie Chan film of the same era is a real Suspect compared to him. If you need a reason to watch a movie, it will be Ginger Rogers, but be warned, she does not dance.
