Just saw the preview tonight. What can I say? This corresponded to his mediocre trailer run, although it says nothing at all. It did absolutely nothing, which no film did, and until the moment it was played out in such a cliche, I ended up laughing only because I laughed at the public, and instead allowed the film to play out without humor. <br /> <br /> So, let's see ... we have a less impressive main character who is trying to come back with his ex-girlfriend, but he is not good enough for her, check. We have three friends, each of whom has his own “personality”, one of whom is the best friend who is trying to find the best friend of the main character, but is constantly rejected, and the other is super awkward who cannot live, seeing positive in everything 24/7 and added for one-liners (which in this case is just a set of links to movies, especially from Disney), and the third guy, whose name you will never remember, but there is to complete the square and add comforting messages to someone who wants to listen ... check. We have a girl's ex-boyfriend and her parents **** - block relations in any way possible, when things are going well, not to mention awkward family members from the main character ... check. We have a period of depression at one o'clock, when everything is depressed, check. We have "funny" moments of the film because of the incessant curses, falls or blows of people, scenes from the trailer and homosexual hints ... check. And I dare to call it a spoiler, but we have an end that unfolds exactly as one thought that it will unfold even before watching the movie ... check it out. <br /> <br /> Honestly, it could have been ... no, wait ... there should have been a PG-13 film. All you had to drop was any F-bombs. Honestly, it would get much more fame from the crowd, which enjoys this type of humor, would receive less attention from the media, and, therefore, would not be so hostile from people like me, who should try to raise it until recently of time. R-rated comedies like Superbad and Knocked Up. The humor in this film is so awkward that it does not correspond to what ordinary people are looking for. I bet even the actors often disagreed with some of the dialogues and actions they had to perform in front of the camera. Let's just say ... in the theater it will help you laugh, because it's on the big screen, while others laugh. When this movie is released on Showtime, and you leave at 14:00 on a day off, you may want to change the channel. The only thing that will keep you under surveillance is the hotness of Alice Eve (which is not quite 10, but still looks very good). <br /> <br /> In addition to the main resolution, this film got a lot of plots for the side of the curb and seemed to forget to write another story that they tried to develop at the beginning of the film, where everything else pretty much flies out the window. So, there is a basic solution, but what comes out of it? It is never clear and does not allow the ending to be “pleasant to the touch” with suddenness. <br /> <br /> In this film there was only one thing worthless, and it was a good soundtrack. In addition to a good selection of alternative rock songs of the 90s, in some parts of the film (especially at the beginning) there was a good optimistic score reminding me that David Holmes will mix / compose. I'll give them a prop for a great sound selection. <br /> <br /> Last thing, the film was probably shot somewhere late last summer, because Pepsi's unintended but proud sponsorship showed the yellow bottle caps they had during this Rock Band promotion. I just thought that many Rock Band gamers would understand this if they saw it. But I say, hold on to your money. If it were PG-13, and you were 15 years old on Friday evening with a group of friends, I would say that you have to kill yourself. Otherwise, definitely pass. He is not trying to compete with R-rated films of the past few years, and ideally he is definitely not so good.
