What the hell is this? "Strange drama"? «Loony Tunes Land Lawyers»? The world's thinnest duck-faced actress (even more Utrich and anorexic than Michelle Pfeiffer) goes through her bony ass, making perverted grimaces that could shame Bugs Bunny in one of the most animated non-animated series in history. This is also the most annoying TV show in hourly format, and, therefore, the worst. <br /> <br /> All men behave like pansies, and I, for example, refuse to believe that even the hips from a big city are all the same delta-male as this pathetic (short) bundle. Wuss Peter MacNicol manages to be even more annoying than Calista Flockofducks with its fake Hollywood "shshsh" speech obstacle: it's a kind of pseudo-inability to pronounce the letter "S", turning it into an idiotic "SH", like John Stewart and Christian Schlater also practice with diligence. Observing McNicol's performance, I always wonder why his jaw does not move ... Anatomy of a person’s face was never intended to support the pronouncing of the sound "SH" more than three times per second. He is a medical miracle. <br /> <br /> This poorly thought-out and written legal drama / comedy team also includes the computer of the 1990s itself. He has a political correctness, written in huge neon letters. Is there something more unrealistic than a group of LAWYERS full of ideals, high principles and moral principles? It's ridiculous, but that's exactly how defense lawyers were portrayed in Hollywood since its inception. After all, what could be more noble than defending a murderer, rapist or thief? When the television series, backward as "Ellie McBick," begins to preach to America about how she should rule the country, then Paris Hilton must have come time to become president. Ally McQuack is the product of the recent and large-scale Western daze and its culprit. <br /> <br /> Those alleged touches of “eccentricity”, as incredibly annoying musical numbers, are unconvincing and embarrassingly unfunny. This is not Monty Python. Whatever the "new" mediocre producers of this garbage would strive for, they failed with distinction. “Ally McBeak” is a commercial television company focused on mass needs, aimed at discerning yuppies, bored housewives and bipolar lawyers. This is another sad "objection, canceled, supported your honor, let me call the witness" legalistic stupidity, which American viewers seem to be happy to eat for some strange reason ...
