No, I'm just not going to get it here. I refuse to accept the program. Didn't you think that maybe this movie was a bit overpriced? Look at readers' comments and star ratings: most are 6/10, 7/10 or better. I think this is the case when ratings can say more about the people who show them than the film itself, which is unique. How many other sexual fantasies about simulated zoophilia in combination with equine couplings became popular hits as DVD directories? I watched this movie with an all-pervading sense of anticipation, waiting for the fireworks, and instead forced someone to poke a Gucci shopping bag. It looked great, but after the thrill was spent, even the end of the turn did nothing to save it. <br /> <br /> The story from the film speaks for itself: the director takes about 25 minutes of hardcore fake cattle sex for another film, he is informed that the footage will not be appropriate, postponed it, waiting for two or three years to gain critical acclaim, and then builds a whole feature in about 25 minutes, taking about 70 minutes of unrelated, painfully boring frames and inserting a 25-minute fragment as a sequence of dreams. The fact that these 25 minutes of the film are strikingly strange, original and shocking intentionally, prudently, goes without saying. But we are not here to evaluate this 25 minutes alone, we must examine the entire film and ask ourselves why people are so passionate about the film? Or are they just in awe of his background and the story that they were banned by people who were stupid enough to be offended by them? <br /> <br /> They may like the anticlerical agenda. The hatred of Western religions of Catholicism and Christianity is one of the few remaining socially acceptable bastions of intolerance. It turned out just today that the BBC regularly distorts its broadcasts with anti-Christian and anti-Western sentiments in support of political correctness. You can say whatever you want about the Bible, pedophile priests, the institutionalized cruelty of the church and how many white people and their inhuman religions suck the skin of a golf ball with dimples ... But let's say one thing negative about non-western religions and you have a toast. This film was made specifically for such a mood, with a wrinkled old withered priest who has completely unhealthy relationships on screen with two cute 14-year-old French boys full of inappropriate touch, caress, caress, caressing and tapping on his ass. Ewww. <br /> <br /> And there are horse muffs, photographed with close-up fetishistic details, that fragments of the film can be used as a visual aid for the biology of animal husbandry. Yes, I understand the thematic significance of these images - the phallus of large animals with a lot of reproductive fluids that are just waiting to be released as fire extinguishers - but if I wanted to watch the horses, you know, do it, I would like to live on a farm. Their genitals on my face are about as funny as watching someone use a bath. <br /> <br /> This film is just some kind of trick for social deviants? Probably, although I will provide an artistic rendition of most of this, shot in some artistic European detailing, which even has a spotted forest pond right out of Monet's painting, complete with an intersecting arched bridge. And the finale (which even managed to surprise me) turns it all into a neat but unpleasant package. But you must remember that there are some things that cannot be deconstructed for their design elements, and many artists are guilty of using them in their works in order to give some semblance of gravity that would be impossible without it. This is unfair, and even Clint Eastwood was the victim of this new Iwo Jima film. Whether his film is a good film, stands apart from whether this battle was a noble deed done by the heroes. The problem is that most people will not be able to separate the two aspects of the film and will line up to give him an Oscar because of his noble message, and not because it is a particularly good or original film. <br /> <br /> Although this may seem like a strange parallel, I see one with the Beast: how can someone not see the basic beauty of nature at the sight of the mating of two horses? And who can not see the logical culmination of repressed sexuality from fairy tales in the explosive scenery of the film, where Beauty and the Beast finally do filth? Somehow I managed to skip both moments, and I am very glad that I saw this film, so I can mark it for what it really is: about 25 minutes of opening my eye over an image of adult fairy tales, surrounded by 70 minutes of skull Euro Trash, a terribly boring ornate European Europian, was bullied by some guy that had his hair cut and had a great ending. This, of course, art, but it sucks. <br /> <br /> 3/10
