I can do without ordinary comparisons with some legendary director, known for his neurotic New York persona, because, frankly speaking, comparing clumsy loser Josh Kornbluth is just an insult to any such director. I will also not mention the Office Space satire in the same breath as this celluloid catastrophe. Can I, however, compare this with arousal during your own operation? it hurts to look, and you wonder if the surgeons really know what they are doing. “Haiku Tunnel” is the film that you would like it to include at an early stage of production. It was cruel to let him live, and as a result, viewers around the world were forced to suffer. <br /> <br /> Background of the film ?? if this is really true? It's not worth discussing, but for the sake of caution I will. Josh Kornblut, a temporary worker with a serious predisposition for phobias, is offered a permanent job. His main duty is to send 17 high-priority letters to his boss. But it is ridiculous that he cannot accomplish this simple task. My reaction? Big deal! Is this not a story? at best, this is a fleeting thought that should have passed by any self-respecting director. <br /> <br /> Lead actor ?? if you can call him that ?? This is a clumsy male jester, with puffy features, balding hair, an impregnable hairline and a number of facial expressions that range from making a heel to a simple mess. Where, where did the director find this schmuck? What are you saying ???? is he a director? Oh, my mistake. Playing yourself in your own embarrassment of the script is one thing, but I suspect that Mr. Kornblut is not as convincing as a man, let alone an actor. Rest assured, this is by no means the aimless killing of a character, but never before have I been so excited about the presence of an actor on the screen! My disappointment was even more embarrassed by his incessant monologues in front of the camera between scenes. I mean, as if the viewer needs an ounce of intelligence to understand this nonsense, Kornblut insults us further, “explaining” the action (the first rule of filmmaking: “dramatize the exposition” - show, don't tell) Who does this guy think he is? He has no charisma, charm, and, judging by his Hawaiian shirts, no sense of style. His cast must be shot at close range! <br /> <br /> Supporting actors do nothing to relieve me of strong boredom, with the exception of one exception. Patricia Scanlon looks very funny when Helen, the former secretary who has gone mad with her old boss, and exhausts phone calls from her basement, holding a flashlight under her face. It made me laugh at myself, but soon that moment passed, and I went back to checking out my watch for the rest of the movie. <br /> <br /> The name of the film is also incorrect. The haiku tunnel has nothing to do with the ancient form of Japanese poetry. Do not be fooled into thinking that this is an art-house film because of its pretentious-sounding name or the fact that he only played in several cinemas and did not earn money at the box office ?????? There is a very good reason for this! <br /> <br />
