Office work, especially in this era of computers, multifunctional copying machines, e-mail, voice mail, regular mail and “temporary” messages, is a territory filled with satirical possibilities, in which films such as “Hour hours” and “ Clock "Office space", and very successfully. However, this latest addition to the tempo / humor pool, "Haiku Tunnel", which is directed by Josh Cornblut and Jacob Cornblut, is not able to match its predecessors and leaves the laughter somewhere behind the door, waiting for the opportunity to get inside. Unfortunately for the audience, this chance never comes; so it’s a good try, but as the man once said, there is no cigar. <br /> <br /> As film star Josh Kornbljut (played by Josh Kornbluth) tells, in the first shots (in a monologue transmitted directly to the camera), this story is pure fiction and unfolds in the fictional city of San Francisco. This is an innovative, if not very ingeniously presented disclaimer, and not all that is ridiculous. This, however, is a forerunner of what should follow, and all this - as a statement of withdrawal - is simply not that funny. <br /> <br /> Kornbluth plays Kornbluth, a novice novelist who supports himself by working as a “pace.” This is the job that suits him, and it gives him time to slip from time to time in some work on his novel. But when he goes to work for lawyer Bob Shelby (Warren Keith), he does too good a job on the first day, and Shelby sends the main secretary Marlin d'Amore (Helen Schoumaker) to Cornblut to convince him to go to Perm. ". However, the idea of ​​working for the same company full-time, at first instills fear in the heart of Kornbluth, but he gives in and signs this position. He is nervous about this, but at least the other secretaries now recognize his presence (which, of course, they will never do with a temporary one), and if something gets too rude, he has seventeen important letters that he typed - that now they just have to be sent by mail - roll back (he holds them back because the mailing is the easy part, and he needs to do something “simple” in reserve, in case all this becomes too big for him ), However, these are “important” letters, and by the end of the week Kornblut is still de Rzhit them in stock on his desk. And you do not need to be a genius to understand that when Shelby finds out about this, the days of Kornbluth, like a fair-haired boy, will end. And fast. <br /> <br /> The Kornblut brothers, who not only directed, but also wrote together with John Bellucci the script for this film, should have taken a page from the Ben Stiller’s Comedy Book, which says “If you play it right, they will laugh” . But they did not, and the audience would not. Because in a comedy, even if you look at it as objectively as possible, when the main character (as well as most of the supporting characters, in this case) "plays" it is funny - like, he "knows" that he is funny - he never It happens. And this is exactly what Kornblut does here; therefore, instead of being "ridiculous," he looks insincere and pretentious, a blatant mistake in judgments from the side of Cornbluth, because by allowing it, they sabotaged their own film. <br /> <br /> Trying to determine exactly why this film does not work, it comes down to two main reasons: direction, which, if not necessarily “bad,” is at least careless; and secondly, the speeches, starting with Josh Kornbluth. Simply put, Cornblut seems to be too impressed with himself to be effective here. Unlike Stiller or even Steve Martin - both of which use self-deprecating humor very effectively - Kornbluth obviously has an ego that simply will not allow himself to be put in that light; he seems to need to tell his listeners that he, the real Kornblut, is actually much smarter than the character of Cornbluth. And the inability to pass, which makes it, as well as the film. Instead of giving millions of office workers who can watch this film, someone with whom they can communicate or with whom they can identify themselves, Kornblut has a condescending influence that serves only to alienate the very people he is trying to reach. . So it all comes down to a case of bad direction and unconvincing action, and if we take into account that the script itself was initially weak, with an inexplicably narrow focus (given the potential of a rich object), it is easy to understand why this film does not fly. <br /> <br /> The only salutary elegance of the film is the performance of Warren Keith in the role of Shelby, whose delicate delivery is convincing and convincing in itself - quite ridiculous. However, its effectiveness decreases as Keith is forced to share his scenes with Kornbljut, which somewhat automatically cancels his positive contribution to the project. <br /> <br /> Shoemaker and Sarah Overman (Julia Faustino) also manage to hold their heads above the water with appropriate performances that deserve praise if they are not completely remembered; at least they make their scenes watchable, and Overman even manages to raise Cornbluth's performance, at least for a moment. But this is still not enough to save the day or the film. <br /> <br /> Starring Amy Resnick (Mindy), Brian Torstenson (Clifford), June Lomena (Dawonn), Joe Bellan (Jimmy Mail Clerk)), with a camo-shaped image of disheveled Harry Shearer as the Leader of Orientation - roles, requiring an answer to the question: “What did he think about when he agreed to this?” In any work environment there will always be situations that in one way or another will inevitably become food for someone’s comedic cannon, and films depicting these situations will always be with us ; good ones (see paragraph 1) can even become classics on their own. However, the Haiku tunnel will undoubtedly remain among them for a very long time, since its fate lies elsewhere - in an area known only as Opacity. I rate it 1/10. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br />
