Unfortunately, the print of the film that we were going to watch burned in fire at Universal’s studio last week, so we’re stuck with a video. It could even become a metaphor for this second-rate King Kong film from Toho's faithful director Ishiro Honda. In essence, this is a warm-up for King Kong vs. Godzilla. He even uses the idea of ​​Mecha Kong as Mecha-Godzilla. Of course, the film ends with King Kong battling Mecha Kong at the top of the Tokyo Tower, but if you haven’t already known this, you may be in the age group for which this film was intended. <br /> <br /> The cast is headed by a guy named Rhodes Razon, about whom we have never heard ... looking at his list, I see mostly a lot of scattered American television credits, so it's interesting that they dragged him all the way to Japan so that they could have a nominal American hero. The real hero of the film is the more sensitive Japanese commander, played by Akira Takarada, whom I recognized from the iconic version of Khuroshi Inagaki "Chushigur" (47 ronin), as well as from the original Honda Godzilla films. I apologize for Rhodes Reason, whoever you are, but this guy has a lot more presence on the screen, and you can bet that everyone wants him to end up with the cute little blonde that Linda Miller plays. We laughed at how Mind always found a way to intervene between Miller and Takarada, whom she seemed to prefer. Of course, like all the leading women in Kong, her main relationship with the king himself. She discovers a good trick: if you really talk to a giant monkey ... really ... slowly ... he will understand what you are saying. And if you are blond, it means that he will do everything you say to him. This fact is not lost to Dr. Who (Eisey Amamoto) and Madame Piranha (Mi Hama), representing “a nation that should not be named”, which plans to use it as bait to force Kong to mine minerals, trapped in the North the pole. <br /> <br /> Yes, this is really the plot of the entire film - obviously, only a giant monkey can dig up these minerals that can be used to make a super powerful weapon. Doctor Who builds Mecha Kong to get it, but the schemes get in the way, so they decide to go for a real Kong. Kong himself seems instantly in love with Mecha Kong, an element of the story that may have made the film more interesting, but did not get a sequel. <br /> <br /> By the end of the film, the cute blonde shouted "Kong" or "King Kong" in her cheerful voice so many times that when two heroes tell her to let him go at the end, they speak for all of us. In fact, this film squanders any greatness that was possible in Kong’s character, making him a heroic and friendly figure too early, just like the newest version of the story. Kong is just a guy in costume in this film, and they show him quite a lot to such an extent that it becomes impossible to take a stupid face seriously. This is a beautiful film, I am sure that it satisfies the requirements or desires of fans of this kind of thing, which in many respects is a fight film rather than a monster film. Monsters never scare in these films, they just jump and push each other. This is not a useless film, but it is extremely predictable and formal, so for those who are younger than 10 years or so, it will probably only be entertaining as a comedy.
