This is an interesting left turn for Reel 13 Indies. TWO HARBORS is a 75-minute B & W film from Minnesota, which does not include actors, and talks about two people who find a connection through the search for alien life. I welcome the courage of Reel 13 programmers to think outside the box when choosing this movie. I would just like them to choose a stronger film to be brave. Actually, I wonder if the choice was more related to the uniqueness of the film than to the actual quality of the film itself (not that TWO HARBORS is completely useless, but I will come back to this a little later). <br /> <br /> As with independent films, TWO HARBORSA is limited in terms of location. There are only two real locations ?? a large junk dealership market and a very small trailer in which middle-aged main character Vic, played by Alex Cole, lives. Writer / director James Vkulek uses market conditions to present an exhibit about Vic, which is one of the dealers there. He has different people who come to Vika and start very long conversations that give us only two pieces of information. Vic sells space toys (he prefers to call them "space figures"), and he is a caustic asshole. This is a symbol of one of two key problems with TWO HARBORES - everyone in the chat. Have I said this before, and will I say it again ?? we are dealing with a visual environment, and filmmakers need to work more to tell their stories visually. There are exceptions, of course, but, as a rule, the infinite patter is not so attractive on film ?? especially if the dialogue is used as an exposure. Almost all the talk in the film is long and unnecessarily wordy. A notable example is a few scenes in which Vick tries to impersonate the scout leader in order to get a discount in the store. He argues with the clerk back and forth, and these scenes do not even advance the story one iota. This is the thing that makes even a 75-minute film feel long. <br /> <br /> Another problem with TWO HARBORES is acting. I may be a bit of a liar when it comes to performing in a film, but I really don’t feel that there is a good reason for the lack of good actors in your films. There are many good actors, many of whom are willing to work on low-budget projects? even in minnesota. Many filmmakers reject the importance of acting skills as secondary to their visual effects, but this is naive. In narrative filmmaking, besides the story, there is nothing more important than acting skills / performances. If you do not believe the people who are playing your story, your audience is lost. <br /> <br /> I initially thought that Vculek was using non-actors, but when the film went on, I decided that they were probably a community of theatrical actors. Not that they were uncomfortable in front of the camera. The fact is that they were too theatrical (that is, large). Of course, the best of the actors were the two leading ones ?? Cole and Catherine E. Johnson in the role of Cassie, a lonely young girl who is keen on Vick's extraterrestrial hunt. They seemed to have the most workouts, but they were still a bit rough around the edges. The eccentricities that they demonstrated seemed only superficial - not from a real, organic place inside. Miss Johnson, in particular, is an interesting case. Does she definitely have a presence ?? the charm of the Middle West about her, but this charisma contradicts the many problems that her character must have. She struggles to portray idiosyncrasies that come from her supposed life in solitude and (slave?) Labor, relying on gestures such as rolling eyes, lip biting and stuttering to suggest her discomfort with the outside world. <br /> <br /> I mentioned in the first paragraph that TWO HARBORS is not entirely groundless, and this is what I mean. Without giving away too much, there is an hour in the film to turn pale. After that, the story takes a terrific turn, which allows the last fifteen minutes to be memorable and completely powerful ?? it's like a punch in the stomach, but in a good way. It is almost a huge relief to feel something for such a long time with these characters. The last five minutes of the film have no dialogue at all, and the result is the best part of the film ?? subtle, detailed (Cole does his best work from the film) and, most importantly, cinematic. Then with the final credits comes the most overwhelming revelation of all? that it is based on a true story that made me think. With all the dialogue, minimal location and lack of cinematic qualities, it occurred to me that with two actors with an ass and a tense census, TWO HARBORSA can make a really amazing stage game ?? maybe even one-act. If there are any bold theatrical producers reading this, I definitely recommend to see if you can get the film and contact the director, the 13th roller or anyone else. In the end, maybe there is something in this story ?? <br /> <br /> (For more information about this or any other film from the 13th film, visit their website www.reel13.org).
