"Chinggis Kon" is a (very) slightly interesting British film about the German police commissioner in the late 1950s, who is haunted by the ghost of a Jewish comedian, whom he killed 15 years ago when serving under Hitler in the SS. The ghost is back and wants his killer to live as a Jew to atone for the murders he committed. <br /> <br /> Otto, the German policeman actually knows the name of this ghost, because the last thing he did before he died was told in Yiddish: “Kiss my ass.” The policeman did not speak Yiddish, so he asked until he found the meaning. “Kiss me in the ass” left such an impression that everyone who was involved in this murder, learned and remembered the name of the comedian, Genghis Kohn. <br /> <br /> There are several people who were killed under the jurisdiction of the police commissioner and there are no helpful tips. Men are killed with a set of knives that are absent from the local butcher. The Butcher announces that his knives are out while the commissioner is in the store to buy a sandwich with liver and onions, so the commissioner is a suspect. The first man is killed making love with the butcher's wife, so the butcher is a suspect. But the butcher claims that he would be very busy if he killed every man who slept with his wife. All men are killed immediately after the culmination of lovemaking. <br /> <br /> I think I could have been a little meaner than the ghost of Genghis Khon if I had been killed like him. He seems to be very good-natured in this, as if he were in a light car accident. I can only guess that this is because it is a British film and they are known as very polite people. He uses some of his material that he was in, and I just did not find him very funny. <br /> <br /> I gave this movie 4 because it was just stupid. I thought it should be a little more serious than it was. The film turned out to be a murder mystery (where did it come from?), And it seemed that Genghis should have been more useful than he. The film gave me a tiny look at Jewish culture, but it was just to the depths of the soul. Do all Jews love liver and onion sandwiches? Do they all say “shtoop” and “meshuganah” in their everyday vocabulary? Are there no more important things we need to know about culture? <br /> <br /> I saw this film in the Jewish community center in Berkeley, California, and I was the only person in the room whose hair was not completely gray or white. (I have no gray or gray hair.) There were 18 of us, and after the film they remained for about 20 minutes to discuss the film. There were two main problems expressed: 1. The film was too carefree, and future generations might not understand the seriousness of the incident, and 2. As Holocaust survivors are dying out, future generations will not know what really happened. I thought that this second concern was ridiculous, and I told them that I think that they do not need to worry, because there is a lot of literature, and there will always be people who like to watch movies like me. The killing of 6,000,000 people by a very bad person will never be forgotten. I am writing this last paragraph because I was instructed to tell others about my experiences on that day.
