Billy Chung Siu Hung's film (“Bloody Sword-Killer” of 1993) “Love to Kill” (Hong Kong, 1993) is one of the strongest products of the category III boom, which was settled in the HK cinema in the early nineties. It consisted of films with strong sex, naked and violent, more or less gratuitous and valued only shock. Love To Kill definitely belongs to the “more” category with some unforgettable ideas and parts of celluloid disease. <br /> <br /> HK psycho Anthony Wong (from Herman Yau’s award-winning “Unwritten History” of the same year) plays a business man and a husband who loves to torture, humiliate and rape his young wife (Elizabeth Lee Mei Fung), which for some reason does not leave him and saves himself and his little son from the agitated tormentor. The cop (Danny Lee, the famous police actor from such films as Doctor Lamb (1992) Billy Tana (and co-director Lee) and John Koo's Killer (1989), to name just a few), however, sees the problem and begins to protect his wife and son, but Anthony, of course, does not like it at all, and leads all this to the typical ultra-sneaky life and graphic finale during a shower. <br /> <br /> The film is almost completely without any major virtues, as this is just a fraction of the exploitation to earn when films of this kind were so popular. Images and events never occur in Western cinema, at least in the mainstream, and all this becomes even more stunning when some / most restrictions on Westerners are violated in these films, such as violence and perversions that the child witnessed. Often reading the stories alone makes most viewers feel bad, and this is particularly well suited for this film. <br /> <br /> The film still has a rather interesting and creepy soundtrack in the tradition of the mentioned Dr. Lamb. who practically started the whole boom in 1992. Usually the music and soundtrack in HK films are interesting and complement the images, especially in these terror films. Cinema is also worth mentioning, like movies, especially in the final, in blue and camera lenses (as in Assassin), and the raging storm is well captured on camera. Otherwise, nothing could give a higher rating of the film than in terms of filth. <br /> <br /> Actors and actresses are talented and professional, so nothing impairs their performance. However, the film has the usual humorous humor, because of which the patients become even more painful, because a bit of “humor” is added to the soup. This includes some jokes about Danny Lee's erection and so on ... Something that could never be found in Western “serious” films. And this thing usually destroys the mane of otherwise worthwhile HK films, as humor is just such an obvious way and an attempt to entertain the public and the masses. <br /> <br /> The film has a very high level of indignation, as it contains numerous scenes depicting the cruel treatment of his wife Wong in various ways. She was raped and molested, beaten and kicked by her husband. We can also see some of Wong’s own childhood memories that are just as cruel as his own father also killed and turned his little son into who he is now. These scenes with memories, mainly at the end of the film, also include some completely unexpected events when images are accelerated (for example, blows of an ax), and this creates a completely insane and evil spiritual atmosphere of the scene. Again, something that only HK manufacturers seem to think up. The ending itself includes a lot of unexpected and shocking bleeding, because the madman owns his ax and also meets some nails, for example, on his violent way. <br /> <br /> In my opinion, the film is really quite “suspicious” because violence and terror are really painful and deal with things that should NEVER be perceived as entertainment, basically I mean rape. The version I saw (I saw two versions) includes a very long and completely disgusting scene of rape, which simply tries to be as sadistic as possible. I'm not sure that HK viewers really like these images, but I think that anyone who has some sense of morality in films / entertainment would never accept or do something like that. Women are abused and killed in the most sadistic and low-cost ways, so that men's fates seem almost boring compared to women. <br /> <br /> Another version I saw, the recently released Hong Kong DVD (without subtitles) has this “table cruelty” scene in a much longer form than a Taiwanese subtitle DVD, which is otherwise identical to the HK version. I also heard that the old HK Laserdisc is different from these two, and since the end credits are filled with scenes and images that are not in the real film, it’s impossible to say how “uncut” are the versions that were released or shown theatrically. Obviously, a large number of videos were shot, possibly even before theatrical release. <br /> <br /> The film is written by Low Gam Fai and Lau Wing Kean, the first of which also wrote films such as Dr. Lamb, The Untold. Story and Gunmen (Kirk Wong, 1988), but from his other films that I have seen, "The Love of Murder" is the most gratuitous. Dr. Lamb and The Untold Story are very cruel and cruel, but they also have some attempt to criticize the authorities and people in general, like how easy it is to turn into a beast, chasing or fighting with it. The tormenting images of torture from the Untold Story, whose victim is a criminal, are very strong and definitely influence what may change in society and, for example, among the police. But in “Love to Kill” there is nothing of that, it’s just honest, calculated and quickly made exploitation, which, by the way, is produced by veteran director Kirk “Bureau on Combating Organized Crime and the Triad” (1993), Crime Story (1993) “ Wong "! <br /> <br /> “Love to kill” brings me no more than 2/10, because I do not value such films too highly. (GC) Cinema is intended to be and can be more, and films like “Love to kill” are just commercial parasites living among real works of art.
