Hard times have come for Angel Town, gangs rule with an iron fist, and for unknown reasons (mainly because of awkward writing) the gangs want the street child, Martina, to join the gang, so they beat him every day. However, due to the presence of the Olympic kickboxer (Olivier, “Lame in the world of an actor” Gruner) named Jacques, hope is not far off. Angel Town, in fact, is one of the most inept messages that have ever been made (and I saw my share), it seems to consist of an idea that all gang-populated quarters, French kickboxers, who don’t can act. Worst of all, so many awkward moments that it's really fun. Best comes the exchange between Gruner and Aragon, which basically sums up how ridiculous this thing is. After all: “Do you like fighting? (Olivier grabs his best Asian friend in the head) Could I kill him correctly? When I want him to die, he dies! The reason I don’t want him to die is because I’m afraid of him, and I know that if I kill him, his son and wife will kill me, so he won’t die! "Of course, the fact that it’s wrong to kill someone, not to mention your best friend, of course, is not taken into account. Strange. <br /> <br /> However, don’t let me publish this sound, because I hated this film, not at all, it is so terrible that it is priceless. The biggest laugh comes at the end of the disastrous finale, in which Grünner meets one on one with the gang members who (the biggest logical break of the film) refuse use a pistol.Also helps a disabled veterinarian from Vietnam, firing a machine gun at Andam, and Gruner throws the rest. All this is accompanied by the sounds of terrible "Mexican" accents and surrealistic energy, which make this film unforgettable for fans of cinematic trash, like this one. <br /> <br /> Another pleasure from this film is that for some reason Olivier Gruner never goes to college, although this is the main reason why he is here in the States, and not in France, to get him with his girlfriend (at the cemetery in the awkward beginning of the film). No doubt, Angel Town is a failure at every conceivable level, but if you laugh at moronic martial arts films with insane action levels that have no meaning at any level, this is the perfect movie for you. On the other hand, be sure to omit the tequila, as, for example, in the ridiculous introductory detail of the song “No Grace in the City of Angels” <br /> <br /> * of 4- (Bad)
