“Running Jump and Standing Film” is not a film as such, but is a small series of clips with a comic storyline. This "film" was recognized by Richard Lester and paved his way to the production of the first Beatles film: "Night of a Hard Day." <br /> <br /> Richard Leicester made and wrote music for his first film in 1959. This film was called Running, Jumping and Worthy Movie. It was intended for viewing only by those who participated in its production. Since the film was intended to be viewed only by Lester and his partners, a small amount of money and time was spent. The only purpose of this film is entertainment, but the main reason for its existence is the fact that it served as an experiment for the camera. The film cost 70 pounds and it was shot in sepia. tinted film in the field on Sundays. All shots taken were included in the finished shooting, and the finished shooting lasted eleven minutes. <br /> <br /> Running, jumping and standing Still Film is a comedy about English Sundays and small hobbies that people make to spend their time. All events in this film take place in the field. Some of these ridiculous events include a woman washing a lawn, a man running around the stump with a needle to play a record, a photographer developing a film in a pond, an artist who helps draw numbers on a model's face, a man builds a tent, an athlete runs a tent, and a duel between a man with a knife and a man with a weapon. The film not only makes fun of the hobbies people spend to pass the time, but also English culture compared to American culture. Another of several events in this film includes a group of men and a kite, which was built from the flag of the United Kingdom. One of the men jumps inside the kite, while the others try to fly it, and the kite breaks. According to Neil Signard, author of Richard Lester's Films, this event symbolizes the United Kingdom as less powerful and technological than the United States in the space age. According to this scene, the British fly primitive kites, while the Americans, the world power after World War II, fly on highly developed rockets and space shuttles.
