In this film, there is NOTHING cool, fashionable or clever - sympathy for it simply shows the ignorance of real feature films. How can you so easily forget that the central fact of this entire film is that they are mean and ugly people. SERIAL KILLERS! If they have to dismember strangers in order to "become a family again," then we do not want them to be a "family." What part of it was hard for you to understand? Why applaud this dirt? <br /> <br /> THIS silly dirt is what you do if you don’t know how to do art! The head and life of a person must be deeply empty in order to take this petty malice as an “interest”. This is a brainless camera. What really makes an artwork cool is depth, questioning the status quo from a point of view based on knowledge of history (or, in this case, knowledge of NOTHING would be preferable!). Instead, it's just an occasional jumble of the ugliest images available in the world in a molten state, thanks to some void meanness, glorified as “cool because it's so far, man!”). These most violent events actually happen every day. They are NOT "just in the movie." They belong to real soulless people who will do the same with YOU. WANT those things that have done to you? A child could come up with it, it required zero imagination, it was NOT surrealism. This lazy shit has no content, he doesn’t say anything - it’s just the worst of the evening news, and he doesn’t say anything new, nothing we don’t yet know. This is the “new clothes of the emperor”, the director hopes that for this inaccurate dirt there are enough uneducated children, proud of their inhumanity. Now I see crazy fans of the director Miike: smoking adolescents, twenty-year-old drunkards covered with tattoos, with metal hanging holes on their faces, their knowledge base is inversely proportional to the assessment of their intelligence. <br /> There is no SIGN in this - it is just an obvious exploitation of shock violence. There is no “hidden meaning” in this poorly made film. It is good to study the film, to see if you can find cinematic devices that are ingeniously artistic, BUT you cannot reveal the hidden meaning, if not TAM! To do this, you need to view and view a real piece of the movie. There are PLENTY, director Fellini, Bergman, Fassbinder, Herzog, Altman, Bunuel, Kurosawa, Lynch, Tarkovsky, Peter Greenaway, Tarantino, Guillermo del Toro, Richard Linklater, Eisenstein, Aronofsky, Guus van Sant, Soderberg, Shmahnder, Shmaberger, Shmaker, Eisenstein, Aronofsky, Guus van Sant, Soderberg, Smaderberg, Smaderberg, Smaderberg, Shmackleyter, Eisenstein, Aronofsky, Guus van Sant, Soderberg, Smaderberg, Smaderberg, Shmackley Why don't you watch the REAL feature film from such giants? This passionate director, Miike, will NEVER make a film equal to one of the geniuses I just listed, because he simply has no talent! Anyone could add some chaotic nonsense, for example, "Visitor Q". Teenagers can throw it together in one day! There is no message, no meaning, no plot, nothing at all. There are long lists of feature films from which lessons can be drawn, but THIS “Visitor Q” is NOT a feature film in any respect. It has no content to it. It's just one banal horror that has fallen on another, and you need to remember those heinous crimes that these things happen every day somewhere in the world. They are not in order, because they are "just in the film." They belong to real soulless people who will do the same with YOU. WANT those things that have done to you? Other? What for? Because this world is already ugly enough, thanks to people who like to think about such terrible events as this one. <br /> <br /> There are so many feature films that use your mind to deconstruct, but you spend your talents on this shit. There is no deeper meaning. There is nothing to analyze; why keep trying? I spent almost 40 years looking at almost every movie I've ever shot, and watched all the new ones, but I have never seen anything as disgustingly meaningless as this one. It is not figurative or even shocking, because such events occur daily in the whole world. The creation of this film or even its positive feedback led to the fact that more than 50 young fans, who do not know anything better, believe that this is "cool." They may grow up thinking that by convincing others, some of which may end up DOING these things - convicted murderers often show how they started this way, being devoid of sensitivity to the horror of this terrible inhumanity. Believe me in this - I know cool, and cool this piece of shit is NOT. The Q visitor has the FEELING of a genuine SNUFF movie, and I'm still not sure that this is not the case, in fact. <br /> <br /> Your actions have consequences, son. The world is already terrible enough. Some violence like this MAY happen to YOU ​​or to the socially irresponsible director who produced this film “The Art of Counterfeiting.” Believe me, you will not think that it is “cool” when someone saws YOUR skull!
