(BIG SPOILERS) I saw another Takashi Miike movie, and it was a very disturbing and brutal “audition” that was a test of the Japanese ideals of femininity! In the "Question of the visitor", which I think means the "Question of the visitor", he very roughly considers the family unit. Mike's surrealistic vision of a dysfunctional family almost tries to be a lynch in terms of confusion and filmmaking, but in the end he lacks style and intrigue. We viewers are introduced to a bizarre set of scenarios from the initial scene in which the father’s figure (Kenichi Endo, who was actually quite good) is paying for sex with his displaced daughter (Fujiko). Then, when the father returns home, he is hit on the head by a “visitor” (Kazushi Watanabe), who owns a fairly significant stone, and for some reason they both end up in a family house. His mother (Shungiku Uchida) is beaten and mocks her son (Jun Muto), who is also beaten and mocked by his school peers. When a visitor enters a house, he somewhat threatens himself as part of a unit. In the end, the family begins to improve their relationships, with the help of the visitor, by milking the chest, killing and maintaining a sense of family pride. <br /> <br /> And there are other crazy scenes that somehow bring the family together, He has an unpleasant sense of humor, but he is just as disappointingly stupid and excessive in his strangeness. There is a scene with necrophilia, which is terribly disgusting, but in the end it becomes ridiculous to ridiculous. Partly because of the situation itself, and partly because you cannot believe that directors and actors really do it! The style of the film is bad to say the least, and the plot is stupid and incredibly weak. The characters themselves are everywhere, and although I understand that this should not be realistic, there is hardly any interest in these opposing characters and situations, since they all border on the absurd! The filming work is careless, and there is no cinematic sensation in it that the work of Lynch entails. It’s hard to take this film seriously at the level of surrealism or the interpretation of a family cell study in Japan. It just seems that Miike was shocked, and the film seems to be aware that it is “trying” to be shocking, and it becomes almost comical to be taken seriously. In general, I would say that this film is a strange dark comedy, but it looks and feels like an amateur and seems to want to shock too much. Miyke's previous film, Audition, was precisely balanced between disgusting horror, character development, and technology — which created more intrigue in the way the film was made so that the viewer could immerse in the plot. “Visitor Q” is a step down since he tries too hard to be outlandishly bizarre and deliberately opposing, without actually having a special opinion in the process! <br /> <br /> ** of *****!
