Here are the matches. ,, (Adv. = Advantage) <br /> <br /> The Warriors (Absolute Warrior, Texas Tornado and Legion of Doom) v Ideal Team (Mr. Ideal, Ax, Crushing Blow and Crush of Destruction): Ax goes first in seconds, when the Warrior sprinkles them by the pin (4-3 Adv. Warriors). I knew that Ax was not a healthy man, but if he was so unwell, why bother him? This will be his last PPV. In the end, both Legion of Doom and Demolition are cheap thanks to double disqualification (2-1 Adv. Warriors). Perfect applies Perfect Plex on a Texas Tornado to a pin. Then he tries to do the same for the Warrior, but the Warrior does not sell him and expels him. The warrior returns with a splash to attach Perfect and become the only survivor. 5/10 <br /> <br /> The Dream Team (Dusty Rhodes, Coco B Ware and The Hart Foundation v The Million Dollar Team (Ted Dibias, Mystery Partner and Rhythm and Blues): The Mysterious Partner - The Undertaker and his debut immediately hits Koko with a tombstone (Monsoon still manages to say his proper height, weight and final move, pretending not to know who he is), making it 4-3 for Dibias team. Nidhart Honkey’s power strikes for a pin (3-3) and his WWF career is over. Soon after that, Nidhart becomes a victim of Dibias with the help of Virgil (3-2 adv. Commands of Dibias). Rhodes following the Undertaker's double ax - Remove the top rope, but don’t leave the silently attacking Brother Love. The undertaker follows Dusty and gets a countdown, despite the fact that he is not a legitimate person (2-1 adv. Dibiase team). Almost immediately, Greg Hart gets into the cradle trying to put a four on him and pin him down. ”It comes to Hart against Dibiya. After a few minutes of pleasant struggle, Bret gets Dibiase an inverted cross for a pin. Dibiase - the only survivor. At least, Hart will find good use. 6/10 <br /> <br /> “Vipers” (Jake “Snake”, Roberts, “Superlight”, Jimmy Snook and “Rockers”) - visionaries (Rick, “Model”, Martel, General, Power and Glory) : After spending some time in the ring, Marti Jannetti gains power seized by a warlord when he breaks away from the top rope for a pin (4-3 adv. Visionaries). Snook stabbed Martel, who changes the cross on his body (4-2 adv. Seers). Michaels enters the Power Plex and is pressed against Roma (4-1 adv. Visionaries). Now Roberts is against four people resembling his Survivor series two years ago. Despite the fact that Roberts got into the Warlord with the help of DDT, he is being pursued after Martel. Visionaries is the first team in the history of the Survivor Series, which has completely survived as a unit. Not so much to watch here, to be honest, as psychology is in a hurry. 3/10 <br /> <br /> Hulkamaniacs (Hulk Hogan, Hacksaw Jim Duggan, Bigbossman and Tug) v Natural disasters (earthquake, Dino Bravo, Barbarian and Haku): one blow of the bossman destroys Haku at the beginning of the fight (4-3 Adv. Hulkamaniacs). Duggan gets his 2 on 4 after being hit by an Earthquake to get disqualified (3-3). Soon after, Bravo commits a career suicide, allowing Hogan to tie him to a pin (3-2 adv. Hulkamaniacs). Soon after, the Earthquake managed to overcome Bossman with two elbow drops per pin (2-2). Hogan is beaten, and finally the tug gets a shortcut (who knew he was there at that moment?), He fights for about 30 seconds before being counted using an Earthquake. Only Hogan and the Barbarian remained. The barbarian makes a pleasant insult, but inevitably gets into a big shoe and lowers his leg behind the pin. Hogan is the only survivor. 4/10 Alliance (Nikolai Volkov, Tito Santana and Bushkhakery) v Mercenaries (Sergeant Slaughter, Boris Zhukov and Orient Express): All the mercenaries were wearing camouflage paint. Lightning pins here with Santana, pinning Zhukov in his last PPV in seconds (4-3 Adv. Alliance). There was not even a Bolshevik autopsy. Bush hackers hit Sato with the Beating Taran, although Tanaka was a legitimate person (4-2 for the alliance) and will be his last appearance on the WWF PPF when the Orient Express is repackaged. Tanaka follows Sato when Santana stuns him with a flying forearm (4-1 Adv. Alliance). Despite the fact that Slaughter enters the ring against four people, he eliminates Volkov (whose career ended after that), Butch and Luke in this order are relatively easy. Finally, Santana beats Slaughter with disqualification when General Adnan hits him with the Iraqi flag. Finally, an interesting booking, although the match was terrible. Santana takes a frustrated victory as the only survivor and becomes his last best hour. 3/10 <br /> <br /> Egg hatches and this is Hector Guerreroro in silly clothes. He dances with Gene Okerlund and gets booed by the crowd, while Piper and Monsoon pretend they like it. <br /> <br /> Survival match: Ultimate Warrior, Hulk Hogan and Tito Santana vs. Warlord, Power and Glory, Martel Rick "Model" and "Man for a Million Dollars Ted Dibias: Just Another Catalog of Exceptions, such as Santana Pins the warlord in seconds with a flying forearm, at least avenging his previous defeat at Summerslama (team 4-3 adv. Dibiase). Dibiase Santana stun guns subsequently for pins (4-2 adv. Team Dibiase). Hogan exits Power Plex and continues to pin Roma after the clothesline, effectively killing the power and push of Glory (3-2 Adv. Team Dibiase). Hogan eliminates Martel by counting and Dibias with lowering the leg for a pin (2-1 Adv. Hogan's team). Hogan finally allows the Warrior in a match that quickly gets rid of Hercules ’former bitter enemy after the splash. Very predictable ending to nausea. 2/10 <br /> <br /> In general, too many matches and too little time obviously had a detrimental effect, as the wrestlers almost waited for them to be fixed on the conveyor belt. Most of the heels were destroyed by the Warrior and Hogan, which is a bad way to handle a large list of wrestlers.
