I have to say that it was a little embarrassing to the "King of the Cowboys"; filmed in 1948, the picture came out a decade after the earliest paintings of Roy Rogers, in which he played a major role. In this film, Roy's character looks a little confused with his female partner, Jane Frazie, who alternates her loyalty between Roy and Robert Livingstone, depicting the main bad guy Bill Reegan. The whole story seems confusing, with missed opportunities for what could be an interesting hour or so. As, for example, the legend of the hotel "The Executioner", which says that the hanged man comes to life at midnight. With Andy Devine in the cast of Cookie Bullfincher, you might think that the story will get a slight advantage from this production. Instead, you have several convoluted proceedings that would have been better served if it were a Bowery Boys movie. It was a sad attempt at a haunted ghost at the hotel, which was based on poor old Genevieve, who, to tell the truth, got more screen time than Trigger, who had nothing to say about getting pushed over the mule. And then you have Foy Willing and his Violet Sage Riders, replacing Bob Nolan and the Sons of the Pioneers for your musical interlude. I don't know about you, but it was halfway to the picture, and I was still looking for Pat Brady - oh well! <br /> <br /> Yet there was an interesting element here, if you were looking hard enough, and this turned out to be Roy’s sporty descent from the trigger while he was on the run from the bad guys. Well, it was probably a double trick, but I hadn’t seen it in a couple of hundred westerns before. <br /> <br /> Jane Frazie plays the main role in the role of the main woman in this picture, as in four other films against Roy in 1947/1948. In the film Under the Stars of California, she appeared in the role of Andy Devine's cousin, respectively named Caroline Snegiri. You are never completely sure which side she will go to in this story, because she begins to pretend to be someone who she is not, and turns out to be on the side of a good guy almost by accident. <br /> <br /> Fans of the old Laurel and Hardy films can be just as surprised as I am, seeing here James Finlayson as the sheriff of Sintaun. I would like a bit more comedic relief to be written in his role, but in the end he played it fairly straightforwardly. I had to wonder when it was all over, why he and old Vanderpool (Charles Coleman) ended up in a mine with a mine, when there was no reason for that. I suppose it's just a way to close it, thinking about how much it cost the rest of the picture. I don't want to be so sharp, but if you saw Roy Rogers enough clicks, you should know that this was not one of his best efforts. <br /> <br /> Tell me, Syntown - I wonder if this is the same place where the City of Sins grew up?
