Amy Poehler and Rachel Dratch are some of the funniest women on Saturday Night Live. Unfortunately, they, along with Tina Fey and Maya Rudolph, were in SNL during the longest piece of unfunny compositions and sketches (circa 2002-2006) that the show had ever had. However, these two women especially know what is funny, and they know how to write a funny movie. <br /> <br /> You will notice in the credits of this film, for what Dratch and director Ryan Chiraki wrote this story "Spring Breakdown", but who wrote the real script, consisting of a dialogue and all the important material that fills the empty spaces, which turns story in a multi-dimensional film? Yes, just Chirac. Only one guy wrote a dialogue for this film, and no woman apparently wrote the script with him. The result was a pretty cliché about spring break, which is not so much deceiving the holiday as it is used equally as MTV every year. <br /> <br /> If Dratch, Poehler and even Star of the Parker Posey could add their own handwriting to the script, it would be much less cliché. The original premise is original: about thirty with something women who were unpopular in high school (and, apparently, also in college), who have never had a fun spring vacation trip, which they allegedly dreamed of. I say “supposedly” because you never know what these characters are funny. In the past, they participated in a talent show, where they sing stale pro-female anthems, such as “True Colors,” and spend their evenings together, having pizza parties. Although none of them is particularly unattractive, the outside world seems to treat them the way they are. There is a scene where Pauler’s blind student (who is played by Pauler’s real husband, Will Arnett) invites her for a date, only to touch her face and immediately change her mind. If Pauler's character is considered unattractive, they obviously hired the wrong actress. <br /> <br /> The film still promises, although we have doubts about the main characters, when Boss Posey, Texas Senator Kee Bee Hartmann (Jane Lynch, funny as always) hires Posey to look after her unpopular student age ( Amber Tamblyn, playing another woman, attractive in real life, but not in the eyes of the characters of this film), while she goes to a place to rest, like Laguna beach, for spring break. Poehler and Dratch come, they are reluctant to get drunk, have parties, as they obviously should have arranged when they were in college, and then comes the final standoff with female bitches under the guidance of Sophie Monk. <br /> <br /> an incredibly attractive woman who has a body, male and female, would kill for various reasons. Unfortunately, her film career just begins with the disgustingly unfunny "Date in the Cinema" (2006) and the disappointing "Click" (2006). Here she plays the southern beauty, although her voice sounds as if she stole the voice box of Delta Burke. She is too much rude, trying her best to play the insidious bitch that looks like a caricature of pampered college students, like everyone else. <br /> <br /> The Spring Breakdown was released right on DVD, despite Amy Poehr's stellar power, but this is correct because the story is too cliche. With the same success it could be called the “Spring Breakdown of the National Lantern”, and the magazine probably would not have sued for violation of trademark rights due to free advertising. If director Shiraki gave at least one woman a creative contribution, especially Rachel Dratch, this film would be great and not as mediocre as the comedy in a brotherly house that we saw before. I know that Dratch will come up with another funny concept, and hopefully she will be allowed to fill out the rest of the script itself. She is funny enough, and she deserves better than this unfinished comedy that will take Brother Stifler with open arms.
