I came out of this film with the feeling that everything could be much better. Instead of being a fascinating, tense story about a boy’s struggle for survival in the desert, it starts with a National Geographic documentary about advertising Columbia sportswear. <br /> <br /> The film begins with Brian (Jared Rushton) preparing to travel by plane to see his father. His mother accidentally provided him with a curious selection of an ax as a leaving gift (what's wrong with the Rubik's Cube?), Not knowing how much he would need it soon. Being in the air, the pilot of the aircraft (comedy Ned Beatty, who blinks and will miss him) suffers a fatal heart attack, leaving Brian helpless when the plane hits the lake. Extremely lucky to leave (or rather swim away) almost unscathed, Brian must find shelter, food, and hope for salvation. <br /> <br /> The main problem with the film begins here. By the very nature of Brian's loneliness, Jared has very few lines to speak, and the film had to compensate for this, heightening the intensity of each scene. Instead, he is shown that he walks, sits, and so on. With a minimal sense of danger. As a result, too much attention is paid to the memories of the troubled marriage of parents as a source of tension. These scenes simply interfere and do not add much to the story. Even worse, sometimes Jared ?? his face is covered in mud — he makes the first or two screams that recall the unfortunate parallels with the Predator. Speaking of failures, we could do away with in order to spare his mullet, but this, apparently, helped him to warm up at night. <br /> <br /> Another disappointment is Pamela Sue Martin in the completely ineffective role of the mother. Both she and her father have very little influence on the film. For example, we are never shown how they react to news of Brian’s disappearance, how they can organize rescue attempts, and so on. This is just one source of tension that filmmakers could study, instead of spending so much time on the events that occurred before Brian went on his journey.
