Six for the price of one! So it's Bonanza time for the Cinegoers. Is not it? Here it is not one, not two, but all six love stories, an ensemble of major Bollywood stars, plus all the stories in the genre of your favorite main directors of Johar, Bhansali, Chopra, etc. You will see all the damn love stories that you liked or suffered for years. So there is nothing difficult for you. Do you need something more than that? No sir, thanks. Why sir? Enough is enough. Please spare us. They signed every major star they managed to sign, regardless of whether it is required or not, so they end up doing the circus of stars, believe it or not. Too crowded. Every thing depicted here is written in the Bollywood textbook of novels. In addition, you must justify the length given to each story, since each has stars. Therefore, it is too long - three hours plus. Jokes film Characters of the film. Problems, barriers, situations, resolution yes, did you guess again ?? tried and tested. The same hundreds of dancers dance in colorful costumes in the background. Why don't they have another job? All pairs are sweet-sweet, fairytale type, the picture is perfect. Everything looks good. Each story begins in an ideal way and, therefore, must also end in such an impossible perfect way? Too random. You cannot connect to one story. Here you have everything that you have seen a million times. Bloody fake, unreal, escapist abnormal stories that have been considered normal for more than a hundred years since the development of this Indian cinema. What kind of mockery of the sensitivity of today's audience? Yes, it could work as a parody, if he just paid tribute to the love stories of past years, but, alas, even this thing is not investigated. At least, the director Nihil Advani should have tried one unconventional, unusual love story, but then what would be the tradition to live in the spirit of a commercial Bulgarian brigade? Oh! Someone has to continue, no. Imagine, on the one hand, it is difficult for the audience to experience one such love story, and here we have six times more pain. I mean six damn stories. I mean the doubling of the pleasure of Mohabbatein Chopra (year 2000). In our time, guys, get something real. Now we desperately want to see not very bright people and not very bright stories. Oh, what you just said, come on, this is entertainment. My advice, please do not waste your time reading such reviews. Go instead, some more such entertainment! Thank.
