Another big cast, another glamor set, another famous director, another film filled with songs that stand on top of the charts, but alas, what’s missing at the end of the day is a story that everyone film fan expects from such a large budget film. So much hype that hid in the film before its premiere on the red carpet. The hype that has come to the point that Anil Kapoor suggests that the film will be one of the best love stories ever created after Dilvale Dulhania Le Jange. Well, Anilji, what movie were you talking about? Well, the plot of the film is about 6 different couples and 12 different people who have completely different attitudes towards life, but, despite the different approach to life, all of them have one common problem - LOVE. Well, really, a tempting topic. But we expected little that the film would be such a boredom that it would fail the last expectation that viewers expect from such a multi-film. These are kind of films that I completely hate because, having spent a lot of money on a multiplex ticket, I lock myself in the cinema for 4 hours, just in agony waiting for the climax. <br /> <br /> Problems start from the very beginning, the Director is so confused with the plot that somewhere even he is puzzled by how to divide the time interval between six different stars. Some couples, such as Anil Kapoor-Juhi and Sohail Khan (whoever opposes him), simply have no meaning for their existence in the film. Salman (who oddly calls himself the rakhul for the whole movie. Something like Rahoooooool) again, as usual, tries to be very cool with his Hindi Videsi accent. Hi Salu Bhai, now that Aish is getting married, at least consult Abhishek to improve his acting skills. A simple striptease would not make the film a box office hit every time. And Anilji stop shaving the beard of your brand, otherwise you will look like a eunuch. And fooling around with a girl the age of your daughters is just not cool, like watching Jack Nicholson in a romantic movie. And please, Nikhilzhi, avoid inserting such extra scenes into the film that are completely unnecessary for shooting. <br /> <br /> Another big flaw in the film was that there was no perfect synchronization between the stories of different couples. Each story in itself looks as if it was taken from different plots gathered together to form the sadistic “Salam-i-Ishk” plot. Bollywood has a lot to learn in films such as Snatch, Memento, where the director knows the perfect art of creating streams of various unrelated episodes to form the perfect mixed storyline. <br /> <br /> Somewhere while I was evaluating the pre-release. Reviews of films someone predicted that the film would not be useful, because the name of this film is added to the number 28, and 28 is considered a numerological number. But I fully adhere to my position, saying that the film will fail not because of its numerological defects, but because of the myriad of flaws that persisted in the film. And when a director like Nikhil Advani can make such gross mistakes in the entire plot of the film, it’s not surprising that the film would not have saved the film from explosions at the box office. <br /> <br /> My suggestion for all of you guys is Please avoid watching this movie at all costs. It is not worth the cake that you pay for the ticket. Nowadays, there really are better movies on cinema screens that are worth watching more than Salam-i-Ishk.
