Who are these “They” actors? filmmakers? Of course, there can not be an audience - this is one of the most inflated productions. Is this a movie that looks like it was very fun to shoot ?? TOO much fun, no one does any real work, and it almost always makes a film that is not fun to watch. <br /> <br /> Ritter puts on glasses to give his character’s status as a kind of doppelganger from Bogdanovich’s glasses; the scenes with fresh Miss Stratten are sweet, but they have an embarrassing feeling, “guys, I meet with the prom.” Ben Gazzara demonstrates his usual cat's smirk in a vain attempt to raise a meager conspiracy that requires him to pursue Audrey Hepburn with all the interests of narcoleptic at an insomnia clinic. At the same time, the respective children of the budding couple (warning about nepotism: Bogdanovich’s daughters) are spewing out nicely and choosing rather alarming signs of “love” while watching their parents. (Miss Hepburn, relying on her dignity, manages to rise above the cause, but she faces the daunting task of playing herself supposedly.) Everyone looks great, so what? This is a movie, and we can expect a lot from it, if you need it, it’s better to get a copy of Vogue. <br /> <br /> Yes, and it is worth mentioning that Colleen Camp is completely annoying, even if you don't take into account her singing, which, although competent, is completely unconvincing ... strange and western numbers terribly do not meet the standards of the soundtrack. Of course, this is NOT what Gershwin had in mind (who wrote the song from which the film’s name derives); his stage musicals of the 20s may have been insignificant, but at least they have been fascinated for a long time. "They all laughed" trying to justify their good intentions, but no one, especially Peter Bogdanovich, has no common sense to slow down. <br /> <br /> Largely due to the tragic death of Dorothy Stratten, this film has a special place in Mr. Bogdanovich’s heart — he even bought it from producers, then distributed it himself and went bankrupt when he wasn’t popular. His rise and fall is one of the most sympathetic and tragic Hollywood stories, so there is no joy in criticizing the film ... there is a real emotional investment in the scenes of Miss Stratten. But “Laughter” is a faint echo of “The Last Picture”, “Paper Moon” or “What Happened, Doc” - after “Daisy Miller” and “At Last Love” it was a loud confirmation of the phase from which PB never appeared. <br /> <br /> In general, the film is harmless, just a waste of rent. I want to watch people who have a good time, I will go to the park on a sunny day. For the cinematic expression of joy and love, I will stick to Ernest Lubich and Jacques Demi ...
