Problems with Salam-i-Ishkom Nikhil Advani a lot. The one-line concept, which looks good on paper (which also worked in the earlier English film “Love in fact”), does not go as it should because of inept and shallow writing. With good intentions, the idea is shattered to smithereens under the weight of its own gigantic ambitions. A director who is completely obsessed with his first applauding first film goes overboard with the devices that worked in his earlier film (Kal Ho Na Ho) - try to calculate how many times the split-screen device is used in this film. The problem is that Karan Johar’s emotional excesses of the filmmaking school worked fabulously at Kal Ho Na Ho, but here the “emotion” didn’t quite decorate us with its appearance on the screen - no, not even clearly, the Scriptwriter / Director gives us “six relationships with one common the problem is love ”, but where is the intensity, where is the depth, where is the“ emotion ”? “A tribute to love without emotions? And the one that goes on and on ... No, it just cannot work! <br /> <br /> In my opinion, the basic requirement for the film “Portmanto”, like this one, is that each individual story should not only be “finished”, it should - one way or another - follow the schedule of the traditional structure with three actions (script guru, Sid Field paradigm). This is the real reason why Salam-i-Ishk did not work for me. None of these stories had either the depth or emotional ups and downs that can be expected mainly in cinematic Hindi. In addition, the connection between some of the stories seemed insignificant and very forced. It is not clear what Salman Khan does at the wedding of Ayesha Takia. If he had to be present at the wedding scene for a careful summing up, why not bring a few more matches and bring the other two couples to the wedding too? That would be neater. <br /> <br /> But yes, some stories had many promises. For example, the story of Anil Kapur-Juhi Chawla is trying to resolve a very real situation - a midlife crisis, but his path is so linear that you just have to think about whether this was really a problem. Similarly, the issue of commitment in Akshay Khanna-Aisha Takia’s story is also true to life. If it were designed a little better. I felt that more promising stories in this hodgepodge were told from a masculine point of view, which is good, but it reduces the emotional factor of these stories, because the female characters - in particular, Juhi Chawla and Ayesh Takia - have the entire depth of the half-filled bath. Wasn’t this film supposed to talk about “12 Different Lives”? Now the actors. John Abraham still needs to learn acting, while Vidya Balan is as reliable and charming as ever. Anil Kapoor gets a role written only for him, but sometimes overestimates the boredom of his character. Since she failed to portray the meaty character, Juhi Chawla uses her charming smile and natural style of play to hide it. Akshaye Khanna is fine, even though she was too good in several scenes. Ayse Takia has nothing in common, but she reminds us that she is the same girl who surprised us with her performance on bravura in Dor. Govinda is trying to make up for this HUGE mistake, called Bhagam Bhag, and is doing well to a great extent. <br /> <br /> This brings me the most annoying movie track (which, oddly enough, ends with the maximum screen time) Salman Khan and Priyanka Chopra. The track is annoying mainly because of them. But I have to give them credit for their consistency. They are constantly BAD for the entire movie. Priyanka may well be the next queen of Hamming - I don’t buy shit, because of which her role (the role of “subject girl”) demanded excessive actions from her. Someone should tell her the difference between being bright, because the character requires it, and direct pressure. If you have seen Rakhi Sawant (who seems to have inspired this role) in her interview with Big Boss, you will understand what I mean. I firmly feel that if Nikhil Advani had taken Rakhi Savant in this role, and not a bigger star like Priyanka, the story could have worked better. Salman Khan's fake accent ... well, Hindi Shannon Esra is less accented than Salman. <br /> <br /> To be fair to the director, he manages to add some good directorial touches to the film. I especially liked the use of gray as the predominant color in the history of Anil Kapur-Juhi Chawl as a metaphor for their boring existence, and the bright colors that go down in history with the arrival of another woman. But will anyone want to paint their home in various, depressing shades of gray? This is an acceptable cinematic license, I would say. But when the film lasts almost 4 hours, it seems that the director is trying too hard for the audience to see his “touch” in the endlessly winding editing of boring episodes. <br /> <br /> Perhaps Nikhil Advani wants us to sit in the theater as long as possible - pata nahin, feces ho ho.
