This is a sad film made for sad people. I was sitting in cinemas and tearing my hair out, wanting to break chairs in front of me when the movie showed some scenes that caused fatigue after another. And behind me there were people who laughed with laughter, which made me wonder what films these people should watch in order to really enjoy this horse ** t. <br /> <br /> Nikhil Advani has six stories without a plot. and no interesting characters. The script is boring, probably he was drunk when he wrote this film. None of these stories have a strong influence. Nothing new, nothing to hold the audience and filled with dialogues that you would have heard a million times before. One of the stories is that this couple cannot have sex because of a series of disasters that happen every time they want to do it. I mean seriously, is this story really required? This is not funny, not creative, but only proves that Advani has no sense of comedy. Another of the stories (which was probably the only story that interested me) is based on the infidelity of a person, and it also ends with the rubbish of a century-old sati-savitri party-parmeshwar. I have no idea what the Salmaan-Priyanka plot was about. There was no problem in the plot so that it was a plot. She can't take Karan Johar's film because she has to marry Salmaan ?? Why can't she marry him and still make a movie? or Advani and Priyanaka just want to prove to the world that in fact it’s true that female actors cannot succeed if they are married or that they shouldn’t act in films after they get married? With six actors in the film, obviously, Advani cannot produce the film himself. Therefore, he makes full use of sponsors, such as the Times Group, shamelessly advertising his Filmfare magazines. And also some kind of jewelry brand that women simply adore in the movie !! I come to IMDb to give it the worst rating, and I’m shocked to see posts that praise the movie. It just shows the sad state of Bollywood and how the star hit the fans. With fans like films like Salaam E Ishq, they will go on and, even worse, they will be a hit.
