“Baptists on our barbecue” is the best movie ever made. Now that I have drawn your attention to this terribly inaccurate statement, which should be narrative, if I say, let me begin my brief review of this tasteless, offensive, pretentious and boring piece of garbage. I think you might consider a movie. First of all, the low budget of this abomination is quite obvious, based on the very meager and inexperienced guidance of Christian Wuissa and on the tasteless, overly preaching, tearful and unnatural scenario of F. Matthew Smith. I really despise the fact that he sends a very pro-Mormon and a kind of anti-any message of religion. Yes, the story of a small town, half filled with Mormons, and half filled with Baptists. It shows all the main and role-playing characters who are Mormons, and so cute and perfect, but they are chosen by evil, cunning, and very judgmental Baptists. It shows how beautiful the Mormons are and how cool and ignorant the Baptists are, instead of showing solidarity, as would be appropriate and realistic. I do not belong to any religion (in fact, I am an atheist), but it offended me, as well as, most likely, countless Baptists. This shows that Baptists are very undisclosed and inhospitable to Mormons, and Mormons are very susceptible, although in reality there is mutual sympathy / dislike between them. Sorry, I did not want to go out. <br /> <br /> Another aspect of “Baptists on our barbecue,” which didn’t really bother me, is acting skills. The performances are very amateur and unnatural, especially from the main woman Heather Beers. Miss Beers stumbles over her role without any passion or feeling for her role, and I was not too impressed with Dan Merkley, who is the main character in this dim film, but I must say that he is more talented or shows more talent in this film. than Heather Beers. The one who played the sheriff was terrible too. Although there may be some laughter in the film, it’s full of cliches. For example, the main character, Tartan (Merkley), finds solace with Native American, who always gives him the best advice on issues related to the tribal way of life - how cliché is it? To make the situation even more pitiful a cliché, Tartan buys a poor, lonely heathen and a puppy. Ugghhh! <br /> <br /> If you need my advice, stay away from “Baptists at our barbecue”. I saw it on the shelf and thought it would be cute and interesting little indie about religion. All I got was, well, a piece of shit. Rating: D- <br /> <br /> guide to my ratings - A + (absolute impeccability); A (masterpiece, almost perfect); A- (excellent); B + (excellent); B (very good); B- (good); C + (mixed bag); C (medium); C- (disappoints); D + (bad); D (very bad); D- (absolute horror); F (not one redemptive quality in this piece of Hollywood feces).
