As expected, the Mazursky film, filmed in the 70s, would be a hippie-friendly counterculture - and there would be many hippies in it - and, naturally, childishly anti-authoritarian (for example, a scene on the Mexican scene). border, when Sutherland provokes a customs officer, showing little respect, and then accuses the latter of having forced him to open the luggage only because he (Sutherland) has long hair). A constant left drop could get on my nerves if I were not ready for this in advance; Sutherland thinks out loud with his family and friends about potential film ideas for his next film, and most of these ideas concern either blacks or Indians (of course, he would have been met with open arms in today's Hollywood). One of his ideas about the movie - about the revolt of blacks in Beverly Hills - so to speak, the racing war in the middle of Los Angeles. This is the nonsense that Mazursky thinks about when writing scripts for his films. Fortunately, some hippie friends of Sutherland are making fun of this premise of the black revolution, and the resulting dialogue is not bad; a little later, a Jewish guy talks about how Sutherland makes a film about “masturbation and the black problem” when the latter starts talking about masturbation. Another funny moment is when Sutherland's eldest daughter performs some kind of crappy game with her white classmates on stage, and they all say: "We, black people of the Republic of South Africa ...". <br /> <br /> When Hollywood makes a film about Hollywood, there is always some self-indulgence, especially when Hollywood makes a film about Hollywood where they discuss how to shoot Hollywood. So, this is really very, very self-indulgent. The scene with Fellini (playing himself), however, is more fun than annoying. Mazury throws in the soup a standard flower girl and anti-Vietnamese nonsense, and also makes fun of corporate Hollywood, but he was / is also part of the “fake Hollywood” (the text of this song in a surrealistic war) segment like anyone else; I am pretty sure that he, too, makes fake conversations at parties in Beverly Hills and smiles fakely, shaking hands with people he doesn’t know or doesn’t love, but whose money he really wants for his next project. As for his hair: he has the worst hair that I have seen in a very long time (on film or anywhere else); it's like long hair that a middle-aged accountant would have if he grew it. The film remains relatively interesting, despite its aimlessness, but in the last third it is somewhat tiring. If you want to read my parody / biography of Donald Sutherland (and other Hollywood actors), contact me by email.
