The concept of this horror movie made for television is ridiculous outside the words, but hey, it was the end of the 1970s, and literally all the stupid horror formats were damn lucrative, so why not use the idea of ​​a satanic dog? The plot of the Devil Dog is easy to describe to horror genre fans: just create an Omen and replace a newborn boy with a nest of German Shepard puppies! Seriously, I'm not kidding, that's what the film is about! During the introductory part, members of some satanic cult buy a female dog in the heat only to saturate it with Satan himself. You would think that the Lord of Darkness has other thoughts besides adultery with a German shepherd dog and capturing the world with one evil puppy at the time, but obviously not. Just like little Damien in The Omen, one of the puppies is taken as a model family and grows up to become a beautiful and charismatic animal. But lucky ?? is the name of the dog ?? is pure evil and eliminates annoying neighbors and curious school teachers in derivative and tamed ways. He also causes his malignant character to his wife and children of the family, but he cannot force his father (Richard Crenna) to put his hand into the lawnmower, because he is “elected”. Everything becomes too idiotic for words, when Krenna eventually goes to Ecuador in search of an ancient wall painting and receives advice from an old sorcerer who speaks excellent English. I think he learned that all his life he lived in isolation on the top of a mountain. Director Curtis Harrington (“What Happened to Helen”, “Ruby”) and lead actor Richard Crenna (“Wait till dark”, “Evil”) are desperately trying to create a tense and mysterious atmosphere, but all in vain. Scenes like the puppy's cute eyes spontaneously set fire to a Spanish maiden or a dog dodging bullets, even without moving, causing a laugh, instead of fright, and even frightening musical melodies cannot do that. "Special" effects are pathetic, especially near the end, when the dog-Satan turns into a completely cheesy shadow on the wall. Devil Dog is a really stupid movie, but definitely fun to watch late at night with friends and plenty of liquor. There are entertaining brief cameos by Martina Beswick ("Dr. Jekyll and Sister Hyde") in the role of the terrifying cult queen and R.G. Armstrong (“The Machine”, “The Pack”) is an evil seller of fruits, vegetables, and puppies. And, yes, this annoying daughter is the same child who goes crazy, complaining about her ice cream in Carpenter's "Attack on Section 13".
