Offering a deadly combination of terrible writing, terrible play, and terrible direction, it’s a question of whether Kinjite: Forbidden Subjects is offensively bad or just ridiculously bad. It is as if someone participated in a competition to create the darkest, most disgusting film "Cannon." As if looking at the cast list, including characters like “Lesbian pedophile” “perverted Gentleman,” “porn actress wasn't enough, this is your only chance to see police officer Charles Bronson throw a miserable existence on the bed and grab the dildo - but don't worry all okay, since the offscreen screams clearly show that he is only torturing him for information. After all, even if he protects his pretty Catholic daughter a little too much, he’s a good Catholic policeman who regularly brings a packed lunch to local Catholic priest William O'Connell and who believes in poetic justice - or at least ensures that the bad guys run out in prison with the most excited prisoners; maximum security can give them the opportunity to get a taste of their own medicine. But then you get what you say to him: “Listen, I think you're a little unstable.” However, when he was later offered a bribe, he could growl: “I would like to shove it in your ass, but I don’t want to get my hands dirty,” he clearly learned how to draw a line: instead, he just does he ate $ 25,000 watch and set fire to his cadillac. Anal obsession even follows the title of the film: despite a naked Japanese woman poster on a porn movie set, just a direct example of a Kinjite / prohibited items movie, and English teacher Alex Hyde White explains to a group of Japanese entrepreneurs, I'm talking about your stool in a polite society . <br /> <br /> Bronson is not too old for this, as the opening battle makes it all too clear, he is too old for the love interest of Peggy Lipton, and she looks old enough to have adult children. The best actor he ever received when he was given the right material, here he was given a less properly thought out character than a number of outrageous reactionary fads. When he does not expand the circles of suspects, he accidentally throws them to death from the walls of buildings. He is definitely not PS. Copper with a special aversion to the Japanese - as if it is not so bad that they are buying American enterprises, and, even worse, they are parked on the state highway twice! No racial minority will go unpunished, whether it is a black pimp or a Pakistani clerk at the hotel, no police cliché not processed, whether it is a boss punching a fist on the table, or a dead meat partner (Perry Lopez and his terribly bad hair dye, which is so noticeable that it deserves this) screen billing all its own). Double threads of the plot - policeman LA Bronson is trying to take off the pimp Juan Hernandez, who is engaged in underage girls and porn-obsessed Japanese businessman James Pax in ?? to weave forever, and then in the most unlikely way: after catching the feeling of Bronson’s daughter in the bus (“Some eastern guy touched my holy holiness!”), in the idea of ​​a film about poetic justice, Pax finds his own daughter abducted by Hernandez. You half expect the writer to stick his head around the corner of the screen and say, “How do you like these apples?” <br /> <br /> Somewhere under laziness is the germ of a good idea, even if it’s too stupid to understand that This idea is actually, but the performance is purely Rising Sun: the Archie Bunker version, shot as an excerpt from an 80s R-rated music video, with an outrageous and rather lazy dock shooting Final “they lift and blow up”, which sees a small army of machine guns, suddenly caught on the verge of unreasonable counting. The latter of Bronson mostly did poorly with J. Lee Thompson ?? and, unfortunately, Thompson’s latest film as a director is a bad signature for two undervalued players who more and more never seemed so picky about what pictures they said yes.
