I accidentally bought one of these 50 collection collections of the films “The Legacy of Horror”, and you will believe that I still watch them to find a good movie “Horror” in it. Sometimes you find a pleasant and gracious at the same time, such as The Devil's Messenger or the Devil's Bat, or one of the films of the great Alfred Hitchcock (some are not horrors, but only because Hitchcock has shot some horrors and obscurity) but sometimes it seems that they put on films like Island Monster, and this is because they cannot accept the fact that they are easily forgotten, and this should be so. <br /> <br /> So, we are open to some idea of ​​the game Westing. The rich but cruel and insulting father, played by Carradine (the only constant feature of this), died and left his inheritance to his children and servants, whom he still hates. Carradine, as always, gives a fairly good performance, but it is left mostly in voice recordings and flashback episodes, which allows us to come to terms with mediocre / horrible performances. The rest of the cast either overplays or lowers in the scenes. Given that it was an independent movie of the 70s, the coverage and effects are rather limited. It is difficult to create a lot of stress when the viewer cannot see what is happening so well in some scenes. Some actors, such as servants Igor and Elga, are making efforts, at least, and I’m ashamed to admit that I finally chuckled, mostly because of sheer stupidity, but still with a little happiness, that they pulled out some kind of the turn version to the rest is pretty obvious who did it, but it is not enough to improve the quality of the film. You don't have to love characters, as they are selfish, cruel, or psychotic, but this raises them to a whole new level and makes many invisible. The death scenes are pretty bad, and in fact the suspense is not there. This proves that you are likely to enjoy the 20 sets of Cool films containing films such as Ghost House on a Hill, Shop of Horrors with Jack Nicholson and Night of the Living Dead. This is best avoided.
