The bloody legacy begins with the arrival of attorney Tom Drake (Norman Barthold) on Dean’s estate, formerly owned by the late Christopher Dean (John Carradine), upon arrival being met by four children of Mr. Dean, Gregory (Jeff Morrow) & his wife Lora (Merry Anders), Victoria (Faith Domegg), Johnny (Richard Davalos), as well as Leslie (Brooke Mills) and her boyfriend Karl Isenberg (John Smith). Drake plays a record with the records that they were late. After the death of his father, a condition equal to 136 million dollars should be equally divided between his four children. If someone dies, the money will be divided equally between the others, and if everyone would die to die bizarre servants, Elga (Ivy Bethune), Igor (Buck Kartallian) and a more down-to-earth man named Frank (John Russell) would have scored it all. Well, not satisfied with the fourth share of 136 million dollars (which still amounts to almost 35 million dollars in 1971, which is not so bad for me), someone decides that he wants all this for himself, and soon the appearance of heads of heads of Refrigerator ... <br /> <br /> Co-author, director and director of the Bloody Heritage Roy Monson disappointed me for two reasons. Let's start with the fact that the alternative and much more widespread name of this film is “The Legacy of Blood”, as well as the mysterious horror film filmed by Andy Milliagne back in the 78th, which I always wanted to see, both films are mixed together regularly, as both and when I checked my cable TV guide on the “Blood Legacy” screen, I was excited because it said it was a Milligan film and even called it a director, so when I actually sat down to watch it, I heard John Carradine's voice and I. then I realized that it was not the Milligan film that I wanted to see, my heart sank. Then, of course, there is a simple, but undoubtedly, straight forward, the fact that blood Heritage is a complete piece of shit, which literally hurts to look at times. The Monson & Eric Norden script is slow, boring, and extremely predictable. The characters are absolutely bizarre and irritable: a servant’s freak who asks his sister (?) To touch him, a strange set of brothers and sisters who are just incredible and so far from reality that any tension or mystery The simple story of a harlot who could be reached catastrophically absent, and then there is a terrible twist that can be guessed during the first 10 minutes. It's boring to watch, it's bad, and it's just a routine, even thinking about it. Please, someone, save me, because this is really bad. I could talk all day about how bad the Blood Legacy was, I really could. <br /> <br /> Director Monson either worked with a non-existent budget, or, judging by this, he shouldn’t even direct traffic. The whole film looks ugly, it is poorly photographed, there is no atmosphere or panic. Blood and blood are tame, there is an ax in my head, a headless head, a scene where someone is bitten by the death of a wasp and the best murder when someone's face is eaten by piranha. However, there are question marks above this scene, so there is a sacrifice, right. There's a piranha tank, right. The head of the victim is placed in piranha, on the right. Pirana eats the victim by face, right. The water remains crystal clear, despite the fact that the victim has a face, and where is the blood? <br /> <br /> Technically, the Blood Legacy is awful, it looks awful, the sound obviously fired at a live one, and it is muffled and hard to hear, considering that the terrible dialogue may have a hidden blessing. Acting was not going to win anyone a single award, which for sure, the less said about it, the better. <br /> <br /> “Bloody Heritage” is a terrible film, in fact there is not a single positive aspect in it, or if there I cannot think about it. Do yourself a favor and don't worry about it, there are much better films out there.
