I rented the video "The Piano Teacher", knowing nothing about it, except what was written on the video box. I did it with some trepidation, because the films that receive awards in Cannes are usually very good or very bad. Unfortunately, this belongs to the latter category. About a quarter of the way, I found myself saying out loud: "This film is boring." About halfway through, I said to myself: “Where have I seen this before?” At three-quarters, I understood it. <br /> <br /> Despite its literary origin, this film is essentially a remake of a much earlier (1969) Robert Altman, and better - “That cold day in the Park.” Although the details obviously differ , and Altman’s work was more plot driven and less character explored, both films are thematically identical. There’s nothing “new” in this performance. Every aspect of it was done before: the out of control character with increasingly self-destructive behavior (“Bad Lieutenant "Abel Ferrara, 1992); perverted and doomed" l Bov, ending in an operatic (almost) death scene (David Cronenberg, M. Butterfly, 1993); unusually violent sex scenes (David Lynch’s Blue Velvet, 1986); and so on. Consequently, I’m confused by the fact that many considered the film “shocking,” “destructive,” and so on. This highly derivative film seems to have been made with the sole purpose of making the audience feel uncomfortable, and he clearly managed to succeed with some, However, I largely attribute this reaction to the lack of experience watching movies. Watch enough films, and you really, in the end, saw it all. And while it’s true that I’ve seen the outdated version of R-Rating, I doubt that the extra scenes would change my general opinion about The Piano Teacher. <br /> <br /> Technically, the film is not without merit. There is very good work with the camera and excellent lighting. Isabelle Huppert's reliable performance also helps keep her from wasting time. This is the first of Haneke’s films that I’ve seen, and if I’d seen more, I’d expect me to have the same opinion of him as Ferrara: an interesting director, but not the genius that others consider him, Rating: 4/10.
