I rented it shortly after the rent of Ben Stein's “The Exile” and thought it would be interesting to compare them. Before going further, it seems fair to point out the following, so that the reader can see whether I am prejudiced or not. By the way, I try to be objective. <br /> <br /> I like to occasionally show Maher’s show on HBO, although I rarely think he is a source of humor. I'm not really worried about his rack. But he makes some good moments in the show from time to time, and I liked Politically incorrect, although he was still quite politically correct (which I think is negative, because the term itself sounds like Orwellian, or at least fascist). As for my religious views, for simplicity, I will say that I am not a denomination. Christian with some objective views, and some agnostic mixed. <br /> <br /> At the same time, this is a bad “documentary” for reasons that have not yet been affected by many reviewers - although the ones mentioned are also valid. The reason that this is not convincing is not only that he argues the main idea, not letting others speak (and his point of view also comes down to the fact that nothing logical, just “come on, right?” What is not a question just a question. Try David Hume if you want a decent argument.) The reason this is not convincing is the lack of expertise on the subject. I saw it about 2 months ago, and I remember how he talked to one person, whose powers as a professional were mentioned, if he was not a clergyman. There are probably hundreds of scholars, or at least professors with undergraduates or doctoral candidates who want to do a little verbal sparring, especially in the field of history, anthropology, or many others. <br /> <br /> If you compare this with Ben Stein’s book, The Expelled: No Intelligence Is Allowed, he finds that Stein interviews about 30 graduated professors, professionals, clergy, etc. He does this with various sources with different experiences. He also emphasizes in his film as regards freedom of thought and education. Maher could easily point out the mistakes made by theocratic rules over the centuries, or the persecution from it. Instead, he idiotically refers to the secular totalitarian regimes of the 20th century as evidence of why secularism needs more social and political power !!!! (I think that in the bonus features he stands in front of the house of Anne Frank). This is a real Orwellian jester. He accuses Christianity, in particular, of many meaningless deaths, the proportion of which, although much smaller than that of the majority, although it does not even contain a basic idea of ​​evidence. Perhaps this is due to the fact that this argument is overshadowed by the pitiful history of secular humanism about ONE XX century. <br /> <br /> Another obvious weakness is his unwillingness to talk to someone who can be considered a moderate or “average” practitioner. He chooses the weakest gazelles from the herd. How hard is it? How does the proof of the existence of exceptions move toward a refutation of the general rule? Is not. Wow, do people in cults think outside the norm? How instructive to know this. Great job, Maher! Again, it would be fairly easy to interview someone like Lawrence Vance and include his work to refute the idea of ​​“patriotic duty” that requires a person to participate in any war in which his country is involved. <br /> <br /> Apart from everything else, he is simply not so funny. Some of the clips that are superimposed by “out of context” / disrespectful ways can cause laughter, but mostly work to illustrate how a real contextual argument from Maher will NOT be ready is much less convincing. He spends most of his time beating Christians, stating inaccuracies and interrogating additional groups with which he does not allow him to truly answer his questions. <br /> <br /> For the record, there are honest questions that can be honestly asked of religious people. and many they have to ask themselves. He touches almost none of this. I have a feeling that I could answer much better on most of his questions than on the people with whom he interviewed, but it all smells like a selection of decks in terms of what is included and what has been edited.
