I support all the stuff of Bill Maher for 15 years, but this film was disappointing and at times disgusting. Of course, I am a Catholic, I am from a well-educated family and I go to church at my own will, which probably confuses me with some opinions of Bill. <br /> <br /> Bill’s problem is that he assumes that religion is generally negative. He is right in documenting the sociological aspects of this, that is, one faith builds its holidays on top of another, and that many wars began because of religion (or, more precisely, because of the sinister appeals of people to the supreme and unquestionable power of God), but it said, that he never looks at his positive side. Frankly, I think hell will freeze before Bill accepts and goes to the slums of Calcutta, where Mother Teresa spent her life working with the poorest of the poor. Now, of course, she is dead, but he could easily visit a Jesuit priest in East Los Angeles, who runs Homeboy Industries, which works with young people, usually gangster and prison past, to teach them professional skills, remove their tattoos and become community members, or he could visit the USC Advanced Catholic Studies Institute, which brought together the world's best theologians, diplomats, and investment bankers to learn ways to ethically integrate the poorest en the world in the global capital markets and, thus, improve the standard of living for half of the people in the world who live on less than $ 1 a day. Of course, he will not do this, because it will require him to consider evidence that does not easily fit into his biased ideas about religion, and it is much easier to continue to joke, to superficially joke. <br /> <br /> This fits into another big problem with Bill’s film, which is that he never submits himself to anyone either at his level or who is better than him. In this film, Maer Cornell Graduate spends most of his time talking to truck drivers in a non-denominational Christian truck stop service at a nightclub with a Dutch guy who smokes marijuana all the time, with a church minister at the storefront. in Miami, which claims to be the reincarnation of Christ, and with an actor playing Jesus in the theme park "Holy Land." <br /> <br /> What you don’t see in Bill’s movie, with the exception of some superficial assumptions along with Ph.D. in the Great Central Station, that religion chemically alters the brain, as do drugs, and religion is a fallacy of tradition, imposed on the masses, are any serious and challenging interviews with professors of philosophy and theology from such schools as Notre Dame, BYU, or the College of Wheaton, who could rhetorically decapitate him in a debate on this issue. You will not see a serious discussion of any of the works of K.S. Lewis, G.K. Chesterton, or any papal encyclicals, and, of course, you also will not find any discussions about any of the non-Abrahamic (Judaism, Christianity and Islam) beliefs in general. All you get at the end of the day is an example of a textbook of the condescending, snobbish elite from the western part of Los Angeles, who makes the film for its own kind and which has absolutely no understanding at the level of the gut how the other half of America has chosen the youngest (twice) lives his life or thinks about what is behind it. <br /> <br /> I understand a lot of what Bill says, but for someone with his intellect and influence, this film was nothing but pathetic. Anyone who is interested in the type of intellectual fermentation that indie documentaries usually bring can find incentive in the old re-release of Teletubbies.
