A few funny pieces, but come, Bill! Film? Quote Zeitgeist? Hold TV shows and interviews, but the film? I'm probably overreacting, but what an unnecessary provocative film ... I don't know. I laughed, did not agree, agreed ... this film is very confusing and inconsistent. <br /> <br /> Bill is a funny guy ... but also very impudent ... Bill’s rhetoric is like Bill Hicks, a brilliant comedian, But, like many comedians, the line between comedy and preaching can be annoying. I think the main problem in this film is the lack of sensitivity. It may be just a personal taste, but the comedy that constantly humiliates someone cannot be taken as truth. Bill clearly reacts emotionally to religious fundamentalism. I agree with Bill that religious fanaticism does not make sense, but the answer to it cannot be reasonable. This will create unnecessary clutter. We can do better than just respond to fundamentalism. He concludes that “we do not know,” and he fervently tries to convince the viewer that no one knows anything, to the extent that the agnostic community is concerned about the lack of serious research in comparative religion. His modesty is that he knows only what he does not know, is a contradiction, because he is trying to insist that all religious thought is meaningless. <br /> <br /> I had a big problem watching the bits of Zeitgeist, the movie in the movie Bill movie. All the meaningless influence of astrotheology, which simplifies all religions as one and the same, is simply disappointing. Zeitgeist provoked a lot of controversy and spoiled the validity of such a significant valuable scholarship to study religion. It is very sad how the wrong facts were thrown without reliable scientific sources. Astromistic sources that reduce everything to the fact that “the stars say everything” apparently belong to the Middle Ages. This film is a tangled statement from the confused "agnostic." Agnosticism is much more complicated and philosophically academic than protecting each question as “we do not know.” <br /> <br /> This film is clear evidence of how postmodernism was able to simplify and summarize the main problems in a person. Story. <br /> <br /> Watch the film (there are funny interviews and beats in it), but PLEASE do not act like Bill. You cannot expect someone to have a mature conversation if you make sardonic comments on every other line. His methods of argument are humiliating and offensive, provoking emotional reactions, rather than rational and logical argumentation. There should be a more mature way to solve these problems.
