“The General” by John Boorman in 1998 was proclaimed as a serious return, although it is difficult to understand why on the evidence of the film itself. One of the three films made this year about the famous Northern Irish criminal Martin Cahill (along with “Ordinary decent criminal and vicious circles”) has many episodes and styles (the film was shot in color, but released in black and white on some territories), however, absolutely not affected and just continues forever. With the protagonist who threatens witnesses and bombers, hundreds of people lose their jobs, try to pay off the sexually abused daughter of one of his gangs to stay away from prison, and press one of their own to snooker. still remains a popular local legend, an attractive enough person for his wife, to not only approve, but actually propose a trio with her sister, he needs a charismatic central performance in order to sell the character and the film. I do not understand this. Instead, it is full of what may well be Brendan Gleason’s worst and most disinterested presentation: he supplies his lines and stands in the right place, but there is nothing that either the local hero or the inner workings of a complex character could offer. On the other hand, it helps not to discourage a character who is nothing more than a selfish gangster, but this is contrary to the scenario that seems to expect us to love him and his antics. <br /> <br /> a small section that arouses interest when the IRA instigates a local hate campaign against the “general” and his people, portraying them as “anti-social” drug dealers just because Cahill will not share his booty from the robbery with them, but his temporary solution is so vaguely shot to death - something related to the fact that Cahil wears a balaclava and joins the demonstrators, whom we expect to find cheekily cheekily - that he is simply thrown away. Things are becoming more successful in the last third, as the pressure increases, and his army falls apart, but by that time it is too late to really worry. Adrian Dunbar, Maria Doyle Kennedy, and the gorgeous Angeline Ball do a good job of adoring minor roles, but Garda John Voight's Hammean cop seems more for American sales than for moral equilibrium, compensating for Glyson’s comatose inactivity as feeling like a complete misfire. Come back, Zardoz, all is forgiven.
