As in any movie genre, there are good gangster films and there are bad gangster films. If you asked me to name a good gangster movie, I would choose dozens. If you ask me to call a bad gangster film, probably the first that pops up in my head, there will be a film that still makes me depressed about disappointment for about a week, since I saw the movie for the first time, and I promise you, time. This film "The General", not associated with the same silent film of 1926. This is a very dry, very slow gangster epic, which raises questions not about the plot (it is more than easy to trace), but about why the filmmakers decided to make this rather fragile pursuit. <br /> <br /> Like “Goodfellas” (1990) and “American Gangster” (2007) “Two Excellent Mob Films” “The General” is based on real people and real events. The film revolves around an Irish criminal named Martin Cahill (Brendan Gleason), who began his long chain of crimes, stealing food in his teens, and then proceeded to loot museums and houses as an adult. Meanwhile, police headed by an inspector named Kenny (Jon Voight) are desperately and energetically trying to prove only one of his crimes and condemn (or kill) him. <br /> <br /> Perhaps because this is a film in the same category as the marvelous Goodfellas (1990) and the first two films Godfather, I expected too much from General. But it may be too easy on that. It would be a bad film if I had not seen the above-mentioned masterpieces before it was absorbed by the boredom in this caricature and its too long stretches of screaming bad scenes. Let's start banging a movie just by looking at the style in which it is presented. For some reason, director John Burman and filmmaker Seamus Deasy decided to make this film in black and white, while his style and presentation are clearly elements of a full-color film. Now I have nothing against b / w pictures, even those made in our time. The Schindler's List (1993) was shot in more than ninety percent in black and white, and this is a masterpiece. A “general” made just five years after the “Schindler List” is not. Cinematography is also too exploded with highlight keys, which seem very distracting and give the film a very similar video game quality, which I find just annoying. The filmmakers obviously wanted a documentary style of a realistic type, as did the Schindler's List, but they fail, making it too much like a documentary and at the same time too much like a movie in a classic style. Representations in the film range from bearable to bad. Brendan Gleason and Jon Voight showed decent enthusiasm for their roles, but at times it seemed to me that even they were disappointed by the horrible script from which they quote. Sound design is also very primitive, probably in an attempt to make it attractive in the spirit of criminal criticism of the 40s, but it also fails, because, again, it looks too much like a modern picture and seems completely out of place. <br /> <br /> But the worst thing that happens is that in the film there is not one, not one character, to whom I have experienced any emotions or opinions. In fact, at every moment of each scene, the only thought passing through my head was: “Well, so what?” Moments that in the best film may seem shocking or horrifying are simply boring and time consuming. I didn’t sympathize with or hate the character Brendan Gleason, because the way that Cahill was writing was just plain and boring. Gleason just plays the ordinary criminal and does not strike with the influence that Martin Cahill has clearly inflicted. If a character is killed (as is always the case in gangster films), we feel nothing. No remorse, no relief, no surprise, nothing. We just say "so what?" And this is all that I have done during the whole time of this very fragile, very poorly made criminal film.
