Previous commentator Steve Richmond said that "Walking the Moon", in his words, "is not worth your $ 7." In the end, I paid a little more to import one of the worst DVDs I've ever seen of this movie or any existing movie. Even if you ignore the fact that the DVD is clearly received from an interlaced master and is just unpleasant to watch in motion, the film does not have the qualities of redemption (other than Anna’s presence) to make watching high-quality Blu-Ray programs worthwhile. Not that this is some other actors' fault. Liev Schreiber, Diane Lane, Tova Feldshuh and Viggo Mortensen all got high scores compared to Anna Paquin's acting abilities table. In any case, much more than Holly Hunter or Sam Neal, despite the same lousy script. Director Tony Goldwyn's resume has nothing to do, but Pamela Gray's resume includes Wes Craven’s most dramatic excursions outside the horror genre or slasher, so you might think that this is a case of bad direction. <br /> <br /> As I have indicated, the only reason I watched this movie was Anna Paquin. In her acting debut, she literally acted as industry veterans with at least twelve years experience on her desk. Although she is not so far ahead of her colleagues in the film, her performance in the role of a girl who begins the play as a parody and turns into a woman whose world is crumbling around her proves that her Oscar was not an accident. For some time, I told my friends that she would be the best choice to portray the heroine of my second finished novel, and the dialogue in the 73rd minute of this film is another demonstration of why. This woman could literally remove the paint from the walls. Anna aside, only Liev Schreiber is getting closer to attracting sympathy from the audience. Of course, his character spends most of the film, ignoring his wife with an existential crisis, but he plays an irritated reaction from a man who feels deceived brilliantly. I should know, even if it is not from the same circumstances here. <br /> <br /> Viggo Mortensen also deserves praise for his portrayal of a traveling salesman, although perhaps not to the same extent. In a sense, he is a villain, but successfully gives the character a third dimension. Yes, his actions, even after it all exploded, are underhanded, but not many people will act differently in his situation. No one wants to be a different person in such a confusing situation, so Viggo deserves a lot of praise for trying here. Unfortunately, all of them are participants in the story about a woman who feels trapped in a stagnant marriage, where Tova Feldshukh tells us that the archetype of Mills and Boone, when women are the only ones who feel that life is passing by, simply do not exist. Either the writer Pamela Gray, or the director Tony Goldwyn thought that they could just insert this line into the film, without thinking about how the audience could get it. Anna even begins to express the opinion of the audience when she asks Diana about whom she should teach someone about responsibility. <br /> <br /> However, there are several things in the film besides the fact that Anna is going for it. Mason Daring's original music, though not distinguished, gives the film a certain feeling that it fits in with the depicted time, which helps where other elements do not. Roger Ebert is right when he indicates that, although Liev is a great actor, putting him next to Viggo in a story about a woman who is forced to choose between her marriage and her fantasy is a big mistake. It is also very correct that when a movie is delayed by the scenes of Lane and Mortensen bathing naked or mounts each other under a waterfall, she loses the focus from having a history of transgression and becomes soft porn. The film seems to be completely confused about the position of its story. Regardless of how many times I review Li's scenes, I cannot help but feel that he was not noticed in the direction or editing. There is no need to make their characters especially beautiful or beautiful, but taking steps to make them the most interesting or developed characters in the play would have to go a long way. <br /> <br /> Ebert also hits the nail on the head when he says that every time he saw Anna on the screen, he thought her character was where the real story lay. Stories about how a wife feels neglected and crashing into a man’s arms, which seems interesting or even dangerous, cost from ten to ten, to such an extent that now even staging history in parallel with such a destructive event for the Earth as landing on the moon, no help. Despite her disgust at how her character’s story is told, Anna can just as well walk around with a neon sign above her head, asking the audience if they want to see it all with their own eyes. Although I understand too well that it is difficult to determine exactly which character will be most interesting for your audience from your lineup, it is very likely that they did not bother to try Lane and Schreiber. Fans of these two would be well advised to look elsewhere. I hope, by now my talk about the relevant speeches will give an idea of ​​where everything went wrong. <br /> <br /> I gave the "Walk on the Moon" three out of ten. Anna Paquin earns this bonus point with one of her best performances (and that says something).
