Written by a woman and directed by another. Whoppie Are we for a feminist trip or what? Fasten your seat belts, ladies, because we are going to enter the world of mean men and innocent, benevolent women. <br /> <br /> In this, more dismal, Trichet meets a guy from an employment agency who behaves, looks and dresses like a pimp (!) and gives her a job with the hope of nailing her after some time. In his office, he even touches her chin as a man suffering from delusions of grandeur in a Bond film will touch a girl right after he caught her and just before he was ready to kill her along with Bond. Some time later, a pimp / job guy traces Trish in a female dressing room, stalks her and even approaches her rape. Oh, those evil, evil people. They are ALL bad, don't you know? You can not even look for work in our time, without being raped, the right lady? Well, we will show them! There is a club of divorced women or something like this in this film, led by Janet Lee, who speaks on behalf of all the women participating in this film when she says that "all men **". She moans about how awful people are; she divorced five times. Now seriously: any woman who marries twenty times and then uses this statistic as an argument that all men are “bad” should eventually understand that the explanation could be elsewhere, or? She should have thought that: a) she badly judges the male character, or — which is much more likely — b) it is impossible to live with her — her former husbands were probably victims, or if they really were ** holes then she probably got what she deserved. (Doesn't Zsa-Zsa Gabor and Liz Taylor confirm this? Show me a pretty woman who often got married, and I will show you a way to get to the planet Mars using only roller skates and a ladder. Trish eventually meets a computer a guy who restores her faith in men - but keep your horses; this guy turns out to be married, so he proves WITHOUT doubt that men are really “bad.” Wasn’t this, of course, for a good old seller of vegetables around the corner? loves his wife although he still dead - proof that all men are "bad", with the exception of good old men, whose penises do not work, and they "can". In any case, they do not get anything, so they are forced to give up ** hololism and finally , give women the respect they deserve. Even the supporting male characters are all "bad"; the black guy in the employment agency is unfriendly, and the guy in the morgue is completely rude and insensitive (bastard, * sob * ... * snorts * ??) what's with this banal, banal ending? .. A few minutes before the trial, Trish refuses to claim any money from her husband, knowing that she is now “free” and that she can finally jump into the pool ... ?? What is all this about? Her leap into the pool then — very predictably — freezes when credits begin to play a role, while the life-inspiring music “I don’t need revenge, neither my husband” begins to play. Her friends are shocked by her refusal of claims for money, but they remain briefly shocked and soon begin to joke about what Trish's lawyer will get from a heart attack when he hears about it. Schister is a lawyer, naturally, a man. An angry, angry, terrible "bad" person, whose only interest in this world is money ... Ah, these people; all they care about is money; they know nothing about higher values ​​in life — for example, about shopping. I am glad that we have such films; they bring the sex together, but most importantly, they teach girls and young women that men are all lustful, selfish bastards chasing skirts that will throw you into a world of poverty and misery at the first opportunity. So girls, open your mouths and stick your tongues into your girlfriend's lips. Lesbian power!
