I recently worked on a collection of films about Lugosi, and a couple of days ago I was just shocked by the combination of Lugosi and Boris Karloff in Black Cat, and I really looked forward to their collaboration in Raven. Alas, it just did not work for me, and by the end of the film I was very disappointed. <br /> <br /> The first three quarters of this film or so I thought that there was no real expectation in the story. Lugoshi did a pretty good job of tying things up like a crazy doctor Wollins, a kind of surgical genius who fell in love with a young woman (Irene Ware) that he treats after a car accident, but who cannot have her - partly because she is already engaged, and in part because her father (Samuel S. Hinds) does not approve of this. To cope with this situation, he enlists the support of Edmond Bateman (Boris Karloff) - a terribly ugly man who wants Wallins to make him look more acceptable. However, besides the performance of Lugosi, I found a bit to interest me. Then, suddenly, in the last fifteen or twenty minutes, the film completely changes. Suddenly it gets pretty tense, but I thought Lugosi's game fell apart, mainly because the film tried to turn him from a madman into a madman - and there is a difference. He plays a "crazy" role, very well controlled and controlling, but evil. “Madness” is a more uncontrollable evil, and I do not think that Lugosi has dealt with this. At some point, he suggests some kind of maniacal laughter that just looks like a fake. In the meantime, Karloff was a huge disappointment. He never grabbed me. In addition, Lugosi must be embarrassed that - in the films in which they are shot - Karloff gets the main role, although in the Crow Lugosi clearly plays the main role. This certainly gives a hint of how Universal rated their two great horror stars - inexplicably, I would add, because I always thought of Lugosi as the best actor of the two. <br /> <br /> In any case, there is no real connection with the story of Edgar Allen Poe "The Raven" - except that Wallins is a Po fanatic who is trying to recreate some of the torture methods from Poe’s stories. Overall, a disappointment. 4/10.
