Seeing that the world snooker championship final ended prematurely and disappointingly when Ronnie O'Sullivan, who won Graham Dott with a score of 18 shots to 8, BBC B 2 found a gap in their schedule and therefore decided to show the film “Walk on the Moon” which I had absolutely without knowledge <br /> <br /> I missed a few seconds of title titles, so I had no idea that Viggo Mortensen appeared in it and thought that maybe it would be a cheap TVM, of course, opening with disgusting Pearl and Marty, taking them In children in the summer camp of the EU something like a television sensation, although the brightly lit (too brightly lit) cinematography seemed to suggest that it was a cinematic film, and only after the appearance of Viggo Mortensen as the hippie Walker guy, I realized that it was a movie release, because someone as tall as Mortensen would not have been on TVM, I mean, it’s like a legend like Robert DeNiro, appearing live on a video. Wait, isn't it, Bob ....? <br /> <br /> Some people on this site mention that Pearl and Marty are an unconvincing couple on the screen, and I agree. I can understand why Pearl was fascinated by a delightful hippie guy, but I have no idea why Walker became interested in Pearl's simple wife. The sixties were before my time, but, of course, if you have a choice between hippie chicks and bored house wives, this is not a choice at all. Keep in mind that many people took LSD in those days, so I think that explains it. <br /> <br /> I feel that the main problem of "Walking on the Moon" comes down to the fact that this is a romantic drama at heart (Just as you expect in TVM) with a few sugary scenes of adulthood, so why turn on a rather frank scene have sex? It mixes with the rest of the film and possibly lays on menopausal women who were 20 with something in 1969. I say, perhaps because the film seems to be also directed to the teen market with age scenes, and these teens will probably be bored with the historical and social context of the person walking on the moon and Woodstock. In other words, Walking the Moon is trying to attract many types of audience, but probably not one of them will like it.
