I recently had the opportunity to view a working stamp in Kansas City (Olat, California) of this title. I, as an art lover, find it difficult to report the following, but, really, sometimes it hurts, and, frankly, after I sit in this prank (I use slang definition here - useless utterances or letters I feel myself for one and a half hours obliged to share (WARNING) with any interested parties. Let's start from the very beginning, a good place to start as always. The first 15 minutes is not so bad, a couple of laughter and a decent development, but then everything goes wrong. women, she is about thirty l t, which (as you would like you to believe) to the writer is dissatisfied with her life and not satisfied. The first serious difficulty arises when, if you don’t know this fact entering the film, you don’t know about it when she suddenly risks all of this in my opinion, due to the very untidy and unlikely contact with the local seller, there is a slight development (completely underdevelopment) to justify her actions in her case, and when this happens, it feels, like me, that she just has a low moral character. The word "whore" comes to mind, I hope they will skip the review and leave a comment. This, in my opinion, is the first fatal flaw in the film. If you are married or have ever been in love, regardless of whether you are a man or a woman, this will turn you off. Frankly, I feel that this would make a much better “blue film” - this is the level, in my opinion, that the script deserves. The second fatal flaw is casting, Diane Lane just does not work for me here, and Viggo Mortensen is not suitable for this job, trust me. The only saving grace for the entire film is Anna Paquin, the depth of her ability as a beautiful actress shines in places, conveying a subtle but very sharp (I apologize for the dichotomy, but that's for sure) image of an emerging teenager. Bravo, well done. I'm not going to play the ending, but I was disappointed that the bill for a piece of life's novel is one thing ... but such an end ... Well, if this teases you enough to see this picture Do not say that I don’t warned, but you had better look faster - if this celluloid is released, I doubt it will take four weeks before catching fire. I would say, wait for the video, but in most rental locations a free video about sex education has great entertainment value. Hmmm, Dustin Hoffman produced it, do you think he will learn after Ishtar. This film once wore the working title of "Man-Blouse" and had to stay on the rack. If you never wanted to go to a movie in your life, give it 35-40 minutes, the only thing worth staying at is Anna Paquin, if you can accept the fact that you find out or not, you took out the garbage before how to leave home where you probably should stay first if you go to the movies to watch this one. This is my two cents, for which it is worth.
