First, a brief summary. This reporter named Torch basically tries to uncover the story of a zombie outbreak and finds that the military and the government censor it. Good communication, government censorship and all that, but the way they made the film is good, let me explain. <br /> <br /> This film is beyond description. The idea that someone considers it more important than anything suggested by George Romero is sufficient reason for a reviewer to be admitted to a psychiatric hospital. The script itself is terrible, as if it was written by a sixth grader. As for special effects, I understand that independent films have a low budget, and some blood effects seemed acceptable, but if you want a scene with fire, here's a tip: buy non-combustible material, prepare a fire extinguisher and kindle fire! Do not add it in digital form and do not make it look like an explosion from the game Nintendo 64. The game of actors, well, let's say. In my summer theater program, the cold reading of the script is compared to The Godfather. I will not even go into inconsistencies. Find them yourself. <br /> <br /> What worried me the most was the fact that when it was all over after shooting and editing, someone might say, “Well, it looks good. Let's release it. ” It makes me gasp, even think about it, think that someone thinks that this is enough for a DVD release. This is not a DVD quality. This is not a quality sci-fi channel. Damn, this is not even a film school quality. If you had submitted this for a film school project, you would get F. No, not even F, more like F-. I would not be surprised if he tries to send you. <br /> <br /> I felt accustomed when I saw this. The blockbuster and creators of this film now have my money, and I would prefer not to think about what they do with it. I was held hostage by some complicated, vile, legalized theft scheme, and it’s not very pleasant to think that I went straight into it, looking at the back cover with pleasant memories of 28 days later, only to find the film Ed Wood then looked and said: I did not care". This movie is the worst movie I've ever seen. Ed Wood didn’t see anything, but I’m sure it’s worse. If you are looking for a serious movie, then ten feet away you will probably have a bad headache. If not, I still recommend that you personally write to the director and ask how he sleeps at night. However, if you're the kind of person who laughs at really bad things, then I recommend that you check it out. You will not be disappointed.
