As you probably understood from the title, I sincerely believe that this film is the worst zombie film of all time. Action, camera work, writing, special effects and everything else, remotely associated with this film, sucks. People claim that, although this film is terribly acting and terribly produced, it is permeated with a witty, intelligent script. Wow. There are more holes on the chart than I or anyone else could count. For starters, why does the government tell everyone to go back to work when it’s not safe? I know that the government should be evil, but they get nothing by killing the entire population of the country. There will be no one to rule! Another thing that interests me, even if the government tells everyone to go to work, why should people go if the streets are teeming with zombies? Are zombies going to hide in the bushes and ambush unsuspecting people to help the government in their plot to kill everyone on the planet? What about the ending? This stupid guy from Torch sacrifices his life to take some pictures of zombies. He probably forgot that every camera made in the last 35 years has a zoom feature. And one more thing, why he says Hindenburg before he dies. Hindenburg was a rare event that was seen by very few. The threat of a zombie will be seen by everyone in the country, perhaps in the world. Does he think anyone else will get some pictures? They also managed to spoil the only semi-interesting scene in the film, when a soldier watches an exotic dancer. Why did zombies hide behind the curtain for five minutes before attacking a girl? Especially when zombies could get through the DOOR. Probably, this is just something that such an unreasonable fan of zombie films, like me, does not understand. Every day I pray that God will increase my brain capacity long enough so that I can sort out all the subtle nuances in feeding the masses. <br /> <br /> In any case, I wonder what is the first film that gave me the desire to physically harm the people involved in the production. Hello, Trent Haag, I call you!
