I could not believe that this horrible film was shot at all. With the worst actors you can find, the worst scenarios are written (Marc Frost and Solas Mitchell) and the worst waste of time watching. I will not describe the story, as it is not worth it. But I will focus on some speeches and definitely on history. As for the story, it’s very hard to believe that this tiny crazy schemer could really do what she did. That in fact the wife cannot protect herself from something small. That the husband really could find the walnut case is generally attractive. The fact that the defense lawyer could violate all existing court rules and continue to do so after the judge ordered the closure of the blank form. And the end result of the film is an insult to justice, film codes and a male look. The theme of this mess is to let women do what they want, kill anyone they want, protect the killer and get away with it while the guy rots in prison of an innocent victim. It's hard to believe that Sollas Mitchell, the director and the man, would even like to make this drop. <br /> <br /> As for acting, Jordan Ladd, the killer, is terrible. Crazy toon, needle during her trial (is this allowed in court?) I tired of her. Another look at her eyes, showing how innocent she is, and throwing up. She is not even attractive enough for any guy to leave his wife. The husband, played by Vincent Spano on the same level, in most cases looks and behaves silly. He was so predictable in his actions that he fell into the traps set for him by all the women around him. The worst was Holland Taylor as a defender. She starred throughout the film and mocked justice. If she crossed me at any time, I would tell her to go and go hiking. Everyone else in this scruffy movie did their job as instructed. <br /> <br /> I would like to give this film a zero rating. However, we have to start with 1. Sorry. Let's no longer painfully watch such films. Lifetime could be better than this, I know that. <br /> <br /> This is a postscript: made a mistake by including this tasteless movie by mistake. As soon as I saw the fool Jordan Ladd, I realized that I had seen him before, and I did not like her. I not only turned off this damn thing, but also added my anger to people like Sollas Mitchell, who wrote the script, but also made this horrible film. No one sees that her / her message is that the disease pays. Being sick and going to kill people is normal with this director / writer. Fully making male idiots. Well, this male tells you to get sick of something. We are not so stupid and will talk about your so-called film, which, in the opinion of this man, deserves to be destroyed. <br /> <br /> Again this loser is shown. What for???? Can't you read the comments on this stupid and dastardly movie? Do we see Bimbo Jordan Ladd again and again? Remove it from TV, movies and out of sight. It is simply terrible in every sense of the word. Phew !!!!
