This is an immoral and reprehensible piece of garbage, which, no doubt, wants to be a clone on Friday, the 13th (1980). The poster for this film gives the impression that there will be something like a cross between Jason and Freddie that can attract viewers. There is nothing good or interesting in this film about this film. It just saddens me, I just think that some people are going to stumble upon Sleepaway Camp II: Unhappy Campers (1988) on a video or DVD and waste my time on this sad, cynical, depressive film. <br /> <br /> Angela Baker (Pamela Springsteen) is a Camp Rolling Hills camp counselor who hopes that the rest of the tourists are as cute as she is and that they will have no problems. Meanwhile, other tourists realize that people are disappearing one by one, and Angela makes up an excuse that she had to send them home. Could Angela be a murderer who was once a man who had undergone a sex change operation a few years earlier? Who knows? Who cares? <br /> <br /> In the 1980s, there were many films that mixed the genres of Mad Slasher and Dead Teenager, in which the insane killer went berserk. Some have a plot, some don't, but they're still as bad as this one. Camp Sleepaway II: Unhappy Campers - these are 80 minutes of teenagers who are introduced and then stabbed, choked, pierced, chopped, burned alive and maimed. That's the whole movie. This is simply meaningless, bloody violence. <br /> <br /> When I watched this movie, I was reminded of the 13th movies on Friday, in which viewers were told that the main function of teenagers was to be hacked to death. The creators of the movie Sleepaway Camp II have every right to be ashamed of themselves. Imagine the painful message this film offers to its teenagers: “The world is an absolutely evil place,” this film tells you, “and it will kill you. It doesn't matter what your dreams are or your hopes. it doesn't matter if you have a new boyfriend or new girlfriend. It doesn't matter what you think, what you do, or what your future plans are. You can forget these plans, because you're just going to die. "<br /> <br /> And the worst thing - and not giving up too much - the film just creates a place to continue. And why not? They probably already took a bucket in the cesspool, making three or four such films. I missed the original Sleepaway Camp (1983), and after watching its first sequel, I hope to stay away from other sequels, as well as from the original. And for parents if you know children who really love this movie, do not let them meet with your children.
