His Christmas Eve and the lazy and submissive housewife Della (Kim Basinger) receives some cruel threats from her restless and abusive husband. Leaving her twin children in bed, she sets off on the night of the last shopping at a local mall. He is busy there, and it’s almost impossible to find a parking space. Della takes offense at one motorist who parks in two places and leaves them with a note that says so. Returning to her car after shopping, she encounters some gangsters. Yes, the owners of the car on which she left a note are very angry and want to have fun with her, the benevolent security guard intervenes to help her, but things go from hand to hand and the security guard is shot, Della runs off with murderous hot tracks, they shoot , she loses control of her car and falls, quickly pulls the tool box out of the trunk, hides in an abandoned construction site, but soon she was caught, just before they try to rape and kill her, she produces nuts from her magic tool box key wounding their leader "Chucky", she manages to escape again into the nearby forest, to fight one of the gangs is killed, it's just a black guy. Here, the night gets worse for all participants, as this is followed by a deadly game of cat and mouse. This line of plot with Lake Eden attracted me to this, but this comparison ends. This is a brainless and stupid film, shockingly written by the script and badly played by all the children involved in it, with the double eyes of twin children Disney Esq. gets for his money no less awful husband. Like the movie, its storyline is fully wired all over, even in the early settings, Della's cell phone goes off, and then in stores her credit card was canceled by her husband, and she has no money for Christmas Eve, now where they can go with it, I'm interested ??? The only amazing part of this $ strike is that after killing all the mediocre bad guys with the contents of her magic toolkit, she demands that Chucky move, if my jaw wasn’t lying on the floor during this horrible movie, it would surely fall and break floor. even the ending is flawed, all feminist grandmothers who want to get their pound of flesh, are completely disappointed .. I did not think I could be even more disappointed, but then I saw that Guillermo del Toro produced this mud
