So what did actress Kim Basinger surrender? Mmm ?? In truth, the name of the film is what attracts your interest, and the outline of the plot looks so simple, but simplicity can have its strengths. In any case, by the end of “While she was absent,” I felt rather indifferent. Not worse (despite the fact that it is covered by negatives), but in the fact that it is a causally warm but compact and unbalanced night fable about the survival of a weak suburban housewife who finds herself in a forest trying to fight for her life became a witness, easy to find a better way. the death of a rented policeman who came to her rescue when she instigated an ugly exchange with some punks in the parking lot. <br /> <br /> The problem here is erroneous and unpredictable material (taken from a short story), as well as very variable speeches. The sly script was poorly thought out (which is not very good when your plot has a small structure to hang), so many horrible inclusions and dubious actions just continue to find their way in this endless chain of events. As for the group of stereotypical idiots (led by the flimsy Lucas Huss as a free canon) terrorizing Basinger, they were less than threatening, but hopelessly meaningless. Watching Basinger scouring the damp desert with the red toolbox in his hand (don't ask me why?), Knocking these scumbags one at a time, it was funny because it didn't cause tension or emotion ?? but instead, clumsy blows that were absurdly stupid because of the stupidity of deception. Basinger's performance is full, but does not cause much sympathy. Craig Schaeffer appears as her hot husband. Strange, I could not take my eyes off the screen ?? thinking to herself that the red toolbox is sleeping pills (why should she constantly carry it) and what tool is she going to use to send the next gangster ?? her choice was rather disappointing. Watching her transform through a traumatic situation, when things finally unfold, is rather empty, because of its uncertain tone, and the end is what you could see many miles ahead. <br /> <br /> Susan Montford’s sober slippery direction lacks cohesion and energy. since it pretty much puffs. I liked the opening credits, with their obsessively sullen score (which is the most effective in this function) and the sharp photo. <br /> <br /> No stunning shocks. It does not require much of your time, but I would not like to see it again. However, with the inclusion of the song Joy Division, I made me take a couple of their albums to listen to.
