I really do not want to compare Martin Scorsese's Cape of Fear with the classic movie of Cape Fear of 1962, but I can’t do anything. Not only are I a big fan of Robert Mitchum and Gregory Peck, who played a major role in the movie “Cape Fear,” but also when Scorsese includes scenes directly from the previous film (Cadie takes out the keys from the ignition, the dog dies) and even use Bernard Herrmann’s score for Overall, it does not give me a lot of opportunities not to compare, since I can't help but think about the classic Cape Fear in almost every scene. When comparing the version of Cape Fear Scorsese with the classic version of the remake comes out ruined classics; but even if you take the film by itself, it’s still bad. <br /> <br /> Scorsese and screenwriter Wesley Strick did not just remake the Cape Fear scene in 1962, they tried to act differently. Unfortunately, this is one of the problems of the film. The same crazy and animal-like Max Cady, who craves personal revenge, Max Cady in the 1991 version is a religious fanatic who wants to “save” Sam Bowden and who supports his feminine side (his words are not mine). Resistance and strong Sam Bowden, which can be seen in the classic movie “Cape Fear”, also disappeared. Sam, found in the remake of 1991, is very stupid, Magu is incredulous and very unpleasant. Even Mrs. Bowden is a completely different character — she is crazier than Max Cady! The general story also changed: Sam did not testify against Cadie in court to put him in jail, as in the classic version, Sam is now Cadie’s former lawyer, who suspects Cadie that he didn’t do everything he could to prevent him . in prison, and he wants to "save" him. <br /> <br /> The general story has changed, and I am not too against it, but the general scenario is also weak. Other plots have been added to the mix, which not only distracts from the overall picture, they are also simply poorly written. The film also includes several frankly absurd scenes and is filled with apathetic and even ridiculous lines that cannot be taken seriously. These aspects distract from the dangerous and exciting nature of the film, but they also have some help in this section. <br /> <br /> Now the classic version of Cape Fear has been unusually filmed with bright lighting. and a very effective suggestive subtlety in combination with outright cruelty, which gave the thrill when the film required it, and a sense of danger throughout its entirety. However, Scorsese cannot do anything like this in his film, Cape Fear, giving the film the appearance of cookies in the early 1990s, without a sense of danger, without intense scenes and little style (except for the animation of fire and the style of the horizon) . Yes, there is some terrible violence, and some effort has been made to make this Cape Fear more than the original, but it turns out to be empty and shocking, but without fear. <br /> <br /> If all this was not enough acting is also not great. Robert De Niro (once nominated for an Oscar for his performance) starts well as Max Cady, but he gets worse until he starts getting anything, but laughs instead of fright by the end of the film. The opposite thing happens with Jessica Lange and her play Mrs Bowden, moving from replaying for the most part of the film to a convincing display of fear and despair at the end. Like Sam Bowden, Nick Nolte remains the same throughout the film: beige. Juliette Lewis (who also participated in the Oscar nomination) is quite decent in her role as Daniel Bowden, but she is called to play a really stupid character, and she really likes what we see on the screen from her. <br /> <br /> This film is often considered one of the few good remakes, and I can't understand why. I wanted to like it; I really did - I mean, if there is a remake of Cape Fear, I would prefer it too - but I just could not. By itself, not containing anything good and crushed by the inevitable comparison with the original film “Cape of Fear,” I discovered that the film “Cape of Fear” by Martin Scorsese is indeed a very bad film. The best things about the film - Robert Mitchum and Gregory Peck in their supporting roles - go figure.
