First of all, is it true, Kim Basinger? Your rich banker husband leaves you alone in your beautiful, most likely cash-paying home, and you can't even put on a decent shirt? I am a woman, and yes, I am going to say it directly - brush anything, starting with your hair. And while you're on it, it's Christmas Eve. Buy gifts for your children ... or at least a Christmas tree. Take 40 minutes to the busy shopping center, park your car 3 miles away, cry for the whole walk and just buy wrapping paper. In addition, the next time you decide to leave someone a nasty note, do not sign your name. I refuse to feel sorry for della. Obviously, because Kim Basinger is the executive producer of this masterpiece, she wants you to feel bad because of the poor white blonde. We get it. Alec Baldwin is a jerk, but seriously, don't model horrible movies after your own life. In addition, you are 50 years old. You definitely will not have 8-year-old twins. AND THESE NAMES? Terry and Tammy. A way to let your children grow up with any decent chance to ever respect themselves. It's also pretty fantastic to hear how the characters in the film constantly call her beauty or call her "girl" ... obviously, Mrs. Basinger spoke a little about what happens in the script. It is also surprising that none of the criminals can fight back. Obviously, the magic skills of ninja della are impossible to defeat. Her driving skills are also quite elegant. This movie is such a cliche, it hurts. Wahhhhh! They misplaced your name on a cup of tea. Or your husband made a hole in the wall, but all you can think about is buying nail polish when you're at the mall, and not possibly plaster and paint. Or a woman with whom you studied in high school, bought a teddy bear. Boohooo! The fact that she refuses to take off this BRIGHT raincoat while running through the woods, shouting and breaking everything in its path, confirms my point of view - this woman is an idiot. Who thinks to pull a set of tools out of the car, but not your wallet, full of identifying artifacts, such as your ADDRESS. I never wanted the “bad guys” to succeed just like when I watched this movie. And did anyone else catch a black man shirt that had a black guy? Oh yes, rewind and admire, perhaps, the most stereotypical support in the film. Do not waste an hour and twenty minutes of your life. Instead, go do what Della could not figure out how to do this ... take care of your children and maybe brush your hair. This powerful ballad at the end was impressive. To sing “I'll be home for Christmas” in the rain, while your bloody hand presses so tightly against your wrapping paper, as emotional as it happens. Thanks della!
