While the original First Blood had its flimsy moments, it was at least exciting in parts. In Rambo: First Blood, Part II, the emphasis is shifted to comics. Likelihood is completely rejected; logical nose dips; Stallone becomes so unapproachable that there can be no doubt that he will succeed in his mission. Like any other performer of the desires of that time (for example, Invasion of the USA, Commando, Red Scorpio), "Rambo: First Blood", Part II, excludes his own possibilities for real excitement, introducing the hero too invulnerable for fear. If you can say along the way that Rambo is going to destroy hundreds of enemy soldiers, what might you care about? <br /> <br /> Imprisoned after the events of the first film, John J. Rambo (Sylvester) Stallone) is offered a pardon if he joins a covert operation in the Far East. 1985, and a mission is organized to find out if there are any American prisoners of war still trapped in the jungles of Vietnam. Rambo is encouraged to accept the work of his old mentor, Colonel Trautman (Richard Crenna), but the assignment is in fact the brainchild of government clothing created by Marshall Murdoch (Charles Napier). Rambo's job is to just go to a jungle prison camp and check if there are American prisoners of war in it ?? if not, he should meet with the helicopter; if this happens, he must receive photographic evidence of their existence so that they can be saved later. In his search for him, a female soldier with local knowledge, beautiful and resourceful Ko Bao (Julia Nixon), helps him. Of course, Rambo discovers that there are prisoners of war in the camp, but he exceeds his orders, saving one of them ?? when he reaches a meeting point, a rescue helicopter drops him at the behest of Murdoch, who does not seem to want to find any prisoners of war due to political and military consequences. Rambo is captured by the enemy and tortured, but after an explosive escape, he intends to release the prisoners of war and take revenge on the cunning Murdoch. <br /> <br /> A few good moments of the film flow from polished Jack Cardiff. photography, Jerry Goldsmith’s impressive assessment and the absolute professionalism of the stunt team in performing various action films. In addition to these meager selections, the film failed. Actors are reduced to macho posturing, the plot sounds false, the sequences of actions are heartless and meaningless, the dialogue is absurd ?? even violence becomes overwhelmingly predictable. At the time of its release, America was chaired by Ronald Reagan, a man with simplistic and almost hysterical anti-communist sentiments. For this reason, the modern audience launched this filming festival, in which they beat Commi, as if it was the greatest film of all time, turning it into an undeserved box office success. Fortunately, times have changed ?? at present we can regard it as an ingenuous fighter with a ridiculously large number of people, a ridiculously stupid policy and a ridiculous hero.
