By right, there should have been no "First Blood, Part II." In the original “First Blood” script, John Rambo committed suicide at the end of the film, but this was changed to allow him to live, not because the producers wanted to make a sequel, but because the audience found the original ending too depressing. Nevertheless, someone obviously thought the character was too good to waste, because he became the hero of two more films in the eighties plus the recently released fourth release. <br /> <br /> The official title of this movie. was "Rambo: First Blood Part II", but it is more commonly known simply as "Rambo". He begins with the title character in prison, where he appears to be completing the crimes he committed in First Blood, although this is never stated too explicitly. He was taken out of prison by his former commander, Colonel Trautman for a secret mission. Rambo must return to Vietnam to investigate reports that American prisoners of war are still being held captive by the communist regime. He strictly takes care not to try to save any prisoners or hire an adversary; his task is simply to clarify the circumstances. <br /> <br /> Rambo does not understand that it is not Trautman who is portrayed as bold, noble and incorruptible, but the organizer. mission, a military bureaucrat named Murdoch. Murdoch intends to prove that the mission will prove that there are no American prisoners in Vietnam, partly because it will improve relations between the American and Vietnamese governments, partly because it will facilitate his own life. Unfortunately for Murdoch, Rambo discovers that the Americans not only remain in captivity, but are also kept in hellish conditions. Of course, he is too hero to leave them to fend for himself, and tries to save them. The rest of the film is a more or less long battle between Rambo and several allies (including a beautiful Vietnamese girl) and evil commies and their Russian allies. Of course, most evil communists are ultimately dead, although I was surprised to learn from your “trivia” section that the total death toll was only 67. At times, Rambo seemed to be trying to destroy the entire Vietnamese army. <br /> <br /> The tone of this film is very different from the first. In "First Blood", Rambo was undoubtedly the culprit, despite the fact that his responsibility for his crimes was reduced by a heavy provocation and his mental instability. In Rambo, he is a bona fide All-American hero. A few years earlier, director George Pan Kosmatos made Cassandra's Crossroads, a preconceived example of left-wing anti-American propaganda. Cosmatos, however, was nothing if not universal, and “Rambo” proves that he could also turn his hand to the biased pro-American propaganda of his right hand. The only thing that unites these two films is that they are both ridiculously bad. <br /> <br /> “First Blood” had its drawbacks, but there were advantages in it. His position that the anti-war movement was partly to blame for the problems that Vietnam’s veterinarians are facing in adjusting to civilian life, was controversial, but at least the film tries to make a statement about the war, social attitudes towards war, and the roots of violence in society. “Rambo”, by contrast, has very few virtues, except that the sequences of actions are well enough made to please those who love such things. In fact, this is a kind of joking fantasy of revenge for those Americans who were still in pain over the Vietnam War. Rambo re-fights in the war alone, and this time the right side wins. Take it, Charlie Kong! <br /> <br /> By this time, no doubt, the fans of the film (and they seem to be enough - more than 2000 voters have already given him ten stars) will conclude that I am a liberal commie lover. I am far from this - in fact, I have always despised communism as a pernicious ideology. What I do not like about the film is not his policy, but the lack of subtlety and the assumption that the solution to all problems, including ideological disputes, is to use all the weapons and try to kill as many people as possible. He is not trying to understand the political difficulties of Southeast Asia or why not everyone in the region was pro-American. Despite all of its anti-communism, the film is a kind of moronic sledgehammer propaganda, which the Communists have very well supplanted - except for the fact that they attributed all the world's problems to capitalism, or imperialism, or revisionism, or to any other of them that they had a dislike j. Compared to Rambo, Green Berets were a virtuosic element of political analysis. 3/10
