The ghost of the Vietnam War has pursued the American psyche for thirty years. If not due to the fact that tens of thousands of American soldiers got into the Ministry of Internal Affairs in Vietnam, or because of how they treated those who returned, it was because this was the first war that America could lose. Many people returned home from the war in the shadow of their former "I", and the original "First Blood" was able to give a slight idea of ​​their problems when they tried to return to the world, as the saying goes. On the other hand, “First Blood”, part II, is more than just a disorderly fist, which illustrates how painful America can be, both in victory and in defeat. Stallone makes another sluggish performance as a special forces special forces unit, while Richard Crenna tries to keep the factor of a serious actor. The fact that all this is happening is canceled in the script, which did not get better when it was called Missing In Action and played the main role of Chuck Norris. That slight similarity of logic, which was in the original, has now disappeared, as the filmmakers decided to draw a big S on Rambo's massive chest. <br /> <br /> The film begins some time after the end of the First Blood. The film, that is, the novel did not allow for the continuation. In this mediocre sequel, Rambo was forced to work on something like an open-air mine. When he smashes stones and produces sweat, the prison guard removes him to go and chat with Colonel Trautman, who advises him that his government is ready to offer him early release if he goes on a covert mission. Rambo, who never retreated from hard work on a hard day, agrees and immediately goes to a secret base in Cambodia or Thailand (I forgot that). From there, he was assigned to find the camp where the American Interior Ministry was allegedly kept, and to photograph them. His mission is quite clear that he should not make any attempt to secure their release. Rambo, being Rambo, however, has other ideas, despite their possible political implications. <br /> <br /> Of course, everything goes wrong when it turns out that people ordering Rambo’s work are more interested in finding none of the Americans of the Interior Ministry. This is a centuries-old conspiracy theory, and it does not apologize for exploiting the plight of many American families left without a son for ten years, during which the official war in Vietnam was going on. Of course, with hurray-patriotism, which was inherent in American society in the 1980s, they could not help but work on the plot concerning the Vietnamese army, lying in bed with what looks like one Russian battalion. Together, the two antagonists are trying to extract from Rambo all the information they can get, but it strikes them backward in the form of bullets, arrows, rockets and destruction. The only thing missing is the moment when Rambo drinks a bowl similar to the Grail, and declares himself invincible. <br /> <br /> To be honest, “First Blood,” Part II, is well photographed and well put on the stage. spectacle. Hand-to-hand combat with a larger Russian commander is one of the few battles in the film that has any dramatic tension. Everything else is just a case in which the lead actor and director is building a fantasy for Americans to make a fist. Fortunately, this fascinating action-film about American über alles soon stopped when more tough and intelligent war films such as Platoon began to be filmed. Some of the killings shown here are quite creative, despite all the problems. The Vietnamese commander meets an end that many action movie villains can envy. The Russian commander bites him just as effectively as he does it. Only in the action films of the 1980s could one see the law used inside the helicopter. Of course, there were clichés in action movies based on contradictions of facts, but this is never funny before. <br /> <br /> I gave Rambo: First Blood, Part II, one out of ten. It is so bad, it is funny and so funny that it is often funny. You do not even need to serve in the army to understand how stupid some actions are. The only risk he takes is to try to make a stupid political statement with what is heartbreaking to those directly involved. Hold the tongue tight in the cheek, and it can be watchable.
