It seems that FIRST BLOOD PART II is an exciting adventure adventure that picked up the mood of the United States during its release in the mid-80s, when right-wing reaganism and violent anti-red feelings were not over yet, although the appearance of a certain Mikhail Gorbachev in the heart of the “Empire evil ”in Moscow will soon make these films superfluous, even Reagan himself eventually recognized this truism. <br /> <br /> In this sense, we can be very grateful to Gorby, not for his disarmament treaties with the United States, not for his policy of “publicity” or even for his support for restoring democracy in Eastern European countries in the backyard of the former Soviet Union . No, this is the last reduction in the number of cold war foolish, emotional, bloated adventures like this one. The first RAMBO film was hardly perfect, although at least it was a slightly competent and adequate action film with a not too bad storyline. In this continuation, any sense of even the most distant conviction is immediately rejected for stupidity ess plot and incident in which Rambo alone takes dozens of brainless stereotypical Vietnamese and Russian troops to save an American POW ten years after the end of the conflict when the Americans lose. <br /> <br /> Perhaps the reason why the film was a huge box office success, he allowed many Americans to plunge into fantasies: they may have lost the war, but there was an unfinished business at hand, and a funny heroic comic with a robot-like hero who almost killed each red in sight, with as much hardware as possible, fulfilled such fanciful flimsy ideals. <br /> <br /> It could be fun at the SUPERMAN / SPIDERMAN level, but unfortunately everything is played absolutely straight. This is not to say that there is no humor in the film, unfortunately, this is almost all unintended action. Plots, although technically adequate, never carry the slightest conviction or persuasiveness, because they are always in the most spectacular. This is unbelievable for the context, namely, our hero Rambo is always unharmed (except for several cuts and bruises here and there) , despite tons of explosives, grenades, gunshots, etc., surrounding it. <br /> <br /> In between chaos, what’s in the script consists of the most boring cliches and platitudes. Stallone, who wrote the script along with James Cameron (a long way from an exciting TERMINATOR made last year), deliberately seems to have given Rambo a character, little can be said in plain English, and just goes on with idiotic grunts, as if he invented his own brand pato, understandable only to himself. Perhaps his colleague Cameron was again thinking about the Terminator with such a small amount of communication related to the lead character! In this sense, Rambo seems even less humane than the Terminator! The rest of the cast copes a bit better with good actors such as Charles Napier and Richard Crenna, who do their best to admire with the battered dialogue they are given, and Stephen Berkoff excites him again and again with his role as a villain in the KGB / Red Army in Russia. Replaying Birkoff is slightly pleasant, but not threatening with distance. Why did Sly manage to survive the torture of Bercoff from an electric shock in order to kill even more of these scum of the Red Comme? Well, trust is never the strong point of this movie. This is a fantastic piece, comparable to The Wizard of Oz. At least, it was intended to be a fantasy, but it turned out to be an immortal classic. This is just a classic the most gloomy, and really offensive, kind. And as for Sly's climate speech ... rather hypocritical after killing all these people, eh? By the way, in the same year he also made a ROCKY IV .......... <br /> <br /> RATING: 3 out of 10.
