It would seem an endless film that really deserves a zero rating. The premise seems simple enough: Yentl, a girl interested in studying the Talmud, wants to go to school. But only boys can study, so after the death of her father she decides to disguise herself as a boy in order to get into it. She makes and becomes close friends with Avigdor, who is to marry a beautiful woman named Hadass. The Hadassah family learns that Avigdor’s brother has committed suicide, and the wedding is canceled. Yentl, now calling himself Anschel, is then chosen to marry Hadass. She does, but it is never completed. Yentl / Anshel and Avigdor go for a few days, and Yentl / Anshel reveals her secret. The film ends with Avigdor returning (and getting married?) With Hadass, and Yentl goes to America to continue her studies, although she will have to continue to do so covertly. <br /> <br /> The plot above seems at first glance interesting. for a film lasting more than 2 hours, but there are a few things that destroy it. For starters, there is constant singing. (I already hear the shouts of critics.) Yes, I know that this is a musical, so there must be a lot of songs and dance numbers. But the film could have been improved if it had been shot and shot without them. The songs become tedious after a while, and the dances are not as many as one would expect. Many songs are forgotten, without any memorable lyrics, and those that have any meaning can easily be replaced by voice-overs. Of the rest, only one song stands out, "Dad, can you hear me." Obviously, most of the others were deliberately placed, so Streisand could simply have a reason to demonstrate her vocal abilities every five to ten minutes. Most likely, anyone who sees this film already knows what a great singer and actress she is, so the songs are really not needed. <br /> <br /> Secondly, because of Streisand’s make-up, which can be seen in her male scenes (lipstick, strong eyelashes and blushes are obvious), it’s hard for viewers to believe in Yentl / Ansel’s character that she’s really Serious and deceives her new friends, colleagues and even Hadassah, believing that she is a man. And yet we are asked and expected that we will believe in it. There seems to be a contradiction, as her character says, or rather, sings, that she does not think she can handle this, but is surprised that everyone seems to be fooled because she wears men's clothes. This means that we have to believe that other characters are so naive that they cannot see other differences, such as her actions, which are obvious distribution. Facial differences alone cannot be included, as other characters in the film mention that some of their relatives or male friends did not have beards or other facial hair. However, in the 1900s, if a woman dressed as a man, but wore just as much makeup as the character of Streisand, and still tried to impersonate a man solely because she wore men's clothes, it would be considered unacceptable and would cause outrage. Most likely, she will be forced to leave the city or even the country. Therefore, "women's" cosmetics on Streisand does not give character's reputation, but only weakens the plot. If it was used only to make Strizand look more beautiful, it should be written off. <br /> <br /> Thirdly, when Yentl / Anshel herself reveals who she really is at the end, we are asked to believe that other characters are not as smart as Streisand, and only when they find out that “the truth Makes them get a little wiser. By now it is becoming more and more obvious that the whole plot is so far from reality that Strayzand is nothing more than a custom-made vehicle for refueling. <br /> <br /> Finally, there are those who are fans of Streisand. who will not find fault with this film, its plot or songs. With those whom I must respectfully disagree. Although she has excellent vocal and acting skills, I am not a “fan” of her singing style. Nevertheless, I enjoyed many of its other features, including musicals. There are even some of her songs that I like, so I'm not a “hater” and am not going to beat her. I wrote this review from an honest point of view, from someone who tried hard to watch this film - even a few times - and noted the problems inside. If Streisand were interested in creating a great or even believable film, she could do it here without introducing into her the need to show herself and prove how talented she is, beautiful and smart at almost every step. This film is no more than detrimental to its abilities, makes it seem self-absorbed, and thus makes the film a celebration of laughter, unworthy of its fans or viewers.
