Michael Williams, who works for the BBC, finds some impressive Italian painting that is mixed in his ongoing assignment entitled “DIABOLIC ART: DOCUMENTARY”. But after the mysterious death of his wife, her daughter, Emily, was emotionally concerned, so he goes to Spoleto, where the problem picture is, with her and her nanny, Jill. And there is the Countess, who is also a psychic, and she informs him that at night the picture in which a young witch named Emilia was executed was somehow shot. Michael does not believe her story, but after that Emily has a hysterical spasm, and Jill is killed ... This Italian film, of course, is almost innocently influenced by EXORCIST, but this film is much cheaper, much simpler and feeling much dirtier. First of all, it should be said that this film is full of confusion. For example, history shows that Emily is Emilia's reincarnation. But when Emily sees her in memories, she perceives her exclusively from the perspective of a third person. But if she is Emilia’s reincarnation, she should and must see the past only from the point of view of Emilia. Such confusions, of which there are many in the film, are almost exclusively based on the problematic fact that the film is too cowardly and not ambivalent to indicate its own quasi-Freudian theme, namely, the one-sided incestuous desire of a teenage girl, Worse, this film also has a characteristic problem (if not confusion); each character is too naive and helpless to be a realistic and / or believable living person. As for Emily (or Emilia), she is, after all, a child, and one can say that it is difficult to blame her mainly for her naivety and helplessness. (And according to Freud’s theory, each girl wants to have her father’s children (children) in her own way. In this sense, Emily is not exclusively pathological; only her way of excluding other women from her father’s love is problematic pathological.) As I mentioned, this film in itself is too cowardly to be Freudian.) The problem is that adult characters are just as childish, naive and helpless as Emily. And because of this characteristic weakness, even a psychic who can see almost everything cannot do anything mundane, and because of the same weakness, the story of the film itself ends in a terribly escapist way. In addition, the special effects of this film are incredibly cheap and ridiculous. Although the music of Stelvio Cipriani is strikingly beautiful (indeed, this music is so good that it seems worth it to be alone), the film as a whole is nothing but a cheap B-film that can disappoint even the Italian horror film. lovers.
