An MTV-style film crew consisting of American television producer Zack Zardin (Matt Borlengy), his cameraman, Australian Cecily (Kate Fisher) and two surfer "guys" named God Hall (Dax Miller) and Jeremy (Joel West) , come to some beautiful island somewhere, in fact not disclosed where. The crew plans to remove the exposition on "bloodshed", which, obviously, is the latest hobby for extreme sports. Surfers throw bait into the sea and cut themselves to attract sharks, just to see if they can move them without food. Once there, they are met by Sonny Lofranco (Cris Vertido) and his wife Melba (Susan Africa). Their search for the perfect location leads them to the shark-contaminated waters of Lilo-Kay. Sonny, Melba and their daughter Lemmia (Maureen Larrazabal) take them to the boat. Shortly after arriving, and having already shot some bloody shots, Sonny, Melba and Lemmia were killed by a 30-foot saltwater crocodile, which some say owns the island. The boat is sunk. Zack, Cecily, God and Jeremy seem stuck on the island until a rescue squad arrives. However, after encountering some, well, I don't know who they really are. Pirates? Smugglers drug? Revolutionairies? Fat ugly people who just don't like being with other people? Who knows? And more importantly, who cares? Not me for sure. In any case, after escaping from these guys who look like pirates, they were picked up by captain John Dirks (Duncan Reger) and his girlfriend Artie (Tarine Rafe as Tara Rafe) off the coast of the island. The film crew believes they were saved. Not only do they know that the crocodile and the captain Dirks go far back, and he has an account to settle, and four crew members are not going to stop him. Captain Dirks is sent back to Lilo Kay for the final match with the giant crocodile man-eating. <br /> <br /> Directed by James D.R. Hickox, this is one horrible movie, but it's still not as bad as Cobodil Tobe Hoopers (2000). Everything in this movie sucks. The script of Sam Bernard and Robert L. Levy is terrible, extremely slow, because the crocodile is not even noticed or not mentioned until the 30-minute mark, and by that time I was very dull and annoyed by the incredibly incredible characters invented by Bernard and Levi. The entire film is also depressingly predictable, and within the first 10 minutes, anyone who is familiar with stereotypes about horror films and characters will be able to guess who will die and who will survive. The effects of the crocodile are terrible and it seems to repeat again and again, there is a small doll head, in which, obviously, someone's hand is inserted, controlling its movements when the spray of water becomes huge! CGI-pictures of a crocodile just a shame to watch. There is no dried blood, except in cases where the character is bitten in half, which is achieved with the help of CGI for digital removal of the actors' feet, again, it looks terrible. There is also a short scene when someone sits on wooden spikes when they set a trap. There is enough nudity and sex, plus female actresses are pleasant and easy to see. The film also has the main continuity and logical errors, in one of the sequences Cecily removes the "bloodshed" of God and Jeremy, but because of the angle and the distance at which it is located, it is physically impossible to get shots with sharks and surfers simultaneously. time, and, of course, is this the whole point of her shot? When Dirks manages to harp a crocodile, the angle of the wire changes sharply between shots, in one frame the angle of the line looks like it comes from the sky, in the frame immediately after the corner is completely different, and it seems that the line goes from under the surface of the water in fact, the harpoon is attached to the back of the boat and the line should be almost flush with the surface. I could go on, for example, why does a crocodile jump from the edge of a cliff if he is as smart as this film is trying to make out? But I probably would have exceeded the 1000 word limit if I listed everything that was wrong with this film, so I will not. I hated this film, but pretty scary, but it's still not as bad as the work of Tob Hoopers in the movie about the giant crocodile. Definitely to avoid.
