After three times, I still do not know what this film is about, because, frankly, it did not cause any real interest or concern. But that's all: a lot too old to be teenagers, dressed in the terrifying fashion of the late 1980s (did WE really look like that too?) We decided that it would be a really good idea to get into a motorboat and go visit an abandoned Alcatraz after , as one of them has nightmares about how people are killed in various horrific ways, which manage in one fell swoop to break POLTERGEIST, the evil bearer and Freddie Kreuger. A fool even imagines himself to be roasted over an open fire with some ugly freak cutting slices of tenderloin. It’s good that it was just a dream, or it could hurt, and it’s good that his dreams had a decent budget of special effects. My usually pretty lame: girls, models of space ships, explosions using a bazooka, etc. Once on the island of Alcatraz, they get into the Slasher film and meet Tony Basil, who cannot help but break a couple of dance poses and sometimes have their own light crew (complete with a smoke machine for that look of light, giving a smoky haze of the 1980s, which I somehow lacked). And it reminded me that Ms. Basil had helped choreographer David Byrne from Talking Heads for some of his videos and performances. This, of course, has nothing to do with the film, but was constantly remembered, because the film was thought very little. This happens, and you can either watch or continue to work on the markup of the page when it is turned off on the TV. But since the film is not really interesting, you decide to finish one last thing instead of wasting time, the film will continue to end, and you will be wondering what you missed every time you realize that the final credits begin to roll again, damn take it ... <br /> <br /> * SOME * The 1980s Horror films can endure these specialized views: Ghost House by Umberto Lenzi, Tiny Mole and The Murderers, hard to ignore Creep Night "etc." -Such a SLEEPAWARY CAMP all come to mind. These are films that they or not require your attention and usually pay off with good bleeding or T & A, as well as typos in your work as proof that you watched TV instead of the keyboard. I am sure that in HELL ISLAND (as the British version , which I looked at, there really is something good, but, to be honest, I don’t care, and nothing annoys you when you come across art of any genre that doesn’t cause admiration, some decent hostility or even good old honest hate him. The film is pleased that he spends 80 minutes on everything and never does anything except that it sometimes distracts, despite all my efforts, to try to give him a chance, but not to throw the dice. <br /> <br /> An extraordinary design of production is underway, the lighting is striking from time to time, and the occasional outbreak of unrest is likely to arouse interest among fans of the 1980s Teen Horror. The rest of you should be warned: you will be surprised if you dressed like in 1987, and the answer is probably more disgusting than anything that happens on the screen. Try to watch it as a free rental, if it is possible, so that if you are disappointed you will not be stuck with this damn thing: such films take up valuable shelf space, which is often on sale these days, that with the end of the world and all ...
