Wow. Rarely did I feel the need to comment on films lately, but this one is especially apologizing. Let's start from the beginning. First, writer / director Susan Montford puts Kim Baysinger on the victim's weary old role, complete with the necessary insulting husband and boring suburban existence. Let me say right now that almost the entire content of this boring movie is completely battered and trite. Montford's ridiculous attempt to symbolize a Christmas tree without a star is ridiculous. <br /> <br /> Once on a dark and ominous night, she goes out on Christmas wrapping paper, Della is enraged that someone has parked their car on the busiest shopping night of the year. She decides to do something about it, so she leaves a nasty note on the windshield of the car. The next fifteen minutes of the film are dedicated to Delle, wandering aimlessly through the shopping center. When she finally gets to her car, the gangsters collide with her about the note, the policeman is killed, and she runs, and they catch up with her, and she runs away, and they pursue her some more, and so on and on. Everything is absolutely predictable and unattractive. The bandits are not at all terrible and not threatening, and all of them are shot one by one in the usual ways. <br /> <br /> This is one of those films in which all actions depend on how stupid, as you can imagine. Why don't the bad guys just kill her, instead of waiting for her to hit them with an iron wheel, I can't do it? And once, in a film like this, should the leader of the pack die last? What is the significance of the fact that they are all shot one by one when they are equally inept? Most of the film simply consists of Lukas Haas running through the woods shouting “Della !!!” And the inclusion of the Joy Division in the soundtrack of this wretched film is offensive. <br /> <br /> What really made me run on the computer keyboard was when Della, exhausted and offended, calls out to heaven "Where are you, God? Where was God really when you made this film? I give it 2 points only because of competent cinema and lighting, and this is not as bad as BTK Killer, the best indicator for evaluating any horrible movie.
