Let's put aside political correctness and just look at it from the point of view of the numerous sexual comedies that appeared in the 1980s, because, for example, I don’t think this is better or worse than others. If you don’t have a religious bite or a tedious woman, you can probably watch a stupid movie like this without thinking about the content, and I personally had a completely harmless feeling for this before and after watching it. The story takes place in Albuquerque, New Mexico, where a rich 15-year-old boy named Phillip “Philly” Filmore (Eric Brown) is naturally damn excited and spies on an attractive maid who has just started working for his father. <br /> <br /> ***** SPOILER WARNING ***** Nicole Mallow (Sylvia Christelle) is friendly to Philadelphia, but the situation is heating up when his father leaves the city on business and she starts to flirt with him to such an extent that she invites him into her bedroom to watch her undress. Philly is awkward and initially does not know how to react to this, but soon he goes to this and has sex, but to his horror, it seems that Nicole died of a heart attack! With the help of Lester Lewis' scruffy chauffeur (Howard Hesseman), they seem to have buried her body, but a note from a blackmailer appeared, and Philly should get $ 10,000 out of her father’s safe. Philly is shocked when Nicole arrives, and he finds out that all this was an extortion plan developed by Leicester, and that she agreed with him only because she was illegal, and if she hadn’t done what she was told, Lester would have called immigration Service. Together, they are trying to get his father’s money back before he gets home, and to enlist the help of Jack (Ed Begley, Jr.), who is a tennis instructor, but pretends to be a policeman to scare Leicester. <br /> <br /> This Little Comedy was made for less than $ 3 million, but it collected more than $ 50 million worldwide and made it one of the least likely films of that time to be so successful that it makes me wonder why it was a hit and not any of the others in the genre. Directed by Alan Myerson, he can boast of starring in a popular film, but the truth is that he never had a film career, although he continued to be very successful on television. So ... why did it become so successful? I have an idea that this may be due to Christelle, and before you decide that I am crazy, listen to my reasoning. Christel was an international star because of her soft core films, so the reason alone made many free-thinking adults curious to see her in an American film that was widely distributed. At the same time, the same adults will also feel nostalgia for their own youth and fantasies about how to teach them lovemaking from an attractive older woman, which attracts much younger viewers, who are probably still very inexperienced and interested in the film. In any case, this is my thought, and if someone has another reason, I would like to hear it, but returning to the film itself, it is obvious (and very sad) that such a film will probably never be made again (except in Europe) because of the religious is true, and other cunning freaks who simply can not accept the fact that the postponement of a teenager will not bring him any harm. In fact, it is a valuable ministry that all boys pray to! The film itself is clumsy, and Christel's take is too obvious in certain scenes, especially if you carefully monitor the difference in their nipples. The plot (although intriguing in its basic form) is not very funny and not indicative, so it was left to look at the nude scenes, which are really the norm for the genre.
