Well, it turned out, as I expected: visual overload, but nothing more was added to the original. What surprised me was the fact that the storyline was quite radically changed compared to the 1968 film. At first, this aroused my interest, but ultimately I was surprised that the new twists (a) were apparently invented to present us with a typical Hollywood product, and (b) made the whole storyline incredible! The history of 1968 was amazingly simple and did not include any storms in time or any fakes of this kind: it simply said that when you return home after a long journey, everything may change a little. For example, the Earth could fall into the hands of monkeys. As in many “old” films, its main ingredient was uncertainty (hell, does anyone understand this word today?). In this film, Burton tried to turn it all into an action movie, but at what cost? Of course, the images are stunning, and a lot of time and money was spent on creating a complete culture of monkeys (even monkeys!), But what's wrong? <br /> <br /> First, the suspension of disbelief is very difficult, because monkeys have many Hollywood-human features. I mean especially the Ari and the slaver. These traits include emotional skills such as irony, sarcasm, and a pronounced set of “subtle” emotions. It makes you forget that monkeys are monkeys, which is very important. <br /> <br /> Secondly, people say. Of course, we can imagine that people will never forget how to speak, but the fact that monkeys had a speech, and people did not make the switching of the monkey / man role very tangible and tense in the 1968 version. The wound in the throat Charlton Heston receives is important for his survival, and his later restored speech is necessary for his uniqueness and interest that Dr. Zira shows to him (so there is no need for such things as human rights activists or love for a man) to explain things). <br /> <br /> Thirdly, the fact that they say advertisements is in many ways implausible, but is a necessary turn in the new film, since Captain Davidson should play in Hollywood. let's save the whole world, and we will have a good ending for everyone, and still do it so that the "Lounge Bar" for the "cool diet-cola" character, oh my God, will they ever learn? I start from the very beginning, when there was only one guy who was lost! They need a hero! And then the script writers continue to reason: we need one guy ... so why is one guy lost ... because he is trying to save the monkey from an electromagnetic storm ... implausible! But it is necessary, because it shows the audience that he respects monkeys! Since in our modern and politically correct time we cannot have xenophobic monkeys, such as the 68-year-old character of Charlton Heston, on the screen: let's give them a version of the gum! <br /> <br /> Fourth, well, a general twist to the original “discovery of the truth” film of 1968 to the modern version (he discovers that his own mother ship crashed on the planet many centuries ago and that their laboratory monkeys developed their society where Heston simply discovered that simply anyway, the monkeys seized the land while he was away) Second, the warhead comes as an anti-climax. This is because this film added the first two films Planet of the Apes in the same plot. Nice try, but the cold that you feel when Davidson and you discover that he is lost on the planet forever is simply eroded by an uninteresting warhead. <br /> <br /> Fifth: ending !!! For the chrissakes, who came up with this ?! (a) Davidson is broken TWICE with his rescue capsule, which seems like an unmanaged object, while the chimpanzee manages to land gracefully? Come on, who will believe it? If the capsules are really small spaceships (at the end, Davidson just flies into space) and not just escapes from ships, he could have landed safely once, couldn’t he? What about this ending ???? I mean, in the original film it was clear that everything was happening on earth. But here: the whole movie takes place on a distant planet, and suddenly the same (there is a statue of Teid) culture of monkeys on the ground ??? How so? Did the monkeys of a distant planet evolve technologically, fly away during a storm and colonize the earth before the Davidson mission took off? Why do tade worship? Stupid, stupid, stupid. <br /> <br /> Helena Bonham Carter is even as charming and beautiful as a monkey, but I expected nothing less. I preferred her monkey above Estella Warren as a human, but maybe I have a bit of wire in my head. However, the only convincing monkeys were Tim Roth in the role of Teid (great!) And the house monkey Ari (a former general, but I forgot his name). <br /> <br /> Nonono, many things could and should have been added / changed to the 1968 picture, but not the plot, at least not in that way. It was simple and clear and did not need additional explanation. It was beautifully sticking out and caricatured. Do not stylize everything ...
