In this film, the completely forgotten star of the 1930s, Jack Pearl (radio "Baron Munchausen"), as well as Jimmy Durant. However, 7-1 / 2 decades later, he is announced as the film “Three Puppets”, because they are the only ones in the film that an ordinary person recognizes today. Cinema fanatics also recognize the wonderful Edna May Oliver and Zazu Pitts. <br /> <br /> As for the Stooges, this is a film from the earliest days - before MGM understood what to do with the team. At that moment, they were known as “Ted Healy and his puppets,” since Healy was the frontman. Fortunately for the Stooges, they soon left this nasty and rather mediocre person (read it - you will understand what I mean), and the rest is history. Over the course of the year, they made very successful shorts for Columbia, and MGM executives soon began beating themselves for the loss of their team. Things like this were common in MGM, a great studio that had no idea what to do with comedy (like the films of Buster Keaton, Laurel and Hardy, Abbott and Costello and others). In fact, until they left for Colombia, MGM put them on all sorts of weird film roles, including acting with Clark Gable and Joan Crawford in DANCING LADY. And, oddly enough, in this film they did not act as a team - they just played different roles, for example, Larry played the piano! <br /> <br /> This film begins with Pearl and Durante, lost in the African jungle. When they are rescued and returned home, the whole structure of the film falls apart, and the film becomes almost like a variety show - with emphasis on scenes with leashes here and there. As for Pearl, I really could understand why he never made a successful transition to films, as he has the character of a slug (but a little less desirable). As for Durante, I never knew what the public saw in him - at least, as for his films - he was loud and ... loud! He apparently took a break, helping MGM ruin Buster Keaton’s career to make this film. Together, Pearl and Durant rely on a multitude of verbal (?) And routine routines that tend to fall rather flat. <br /> <br /> In this film “Stozhi” they still did not have the right chemistry. Seeing how Healy does the work that Moe did in his later films is weird. What they did in the film was pretty good, but since all the segments were short, they turned the camera on and off too quickly to allow them to really get into their routines. Stooges fans can be very disappointed with this, although loyal fans may want to see it, so that they can complete their lifelong goal of seeing all of Stooge - even the rotten films of Joe DeRit and Joe Besser (oh, and they made it bad after Shemp and Curly died). <br /> <br /> Overall, the film is rather boring and disappointing. However, there are some interesting things to look for in disarray. After about 13 minutes you will see a brief scene where the guide sings on the bus. Take a close look, since this is Walter Brennan in a role that you probably never expect! Another unusual thing to look for in the film is the song “Clean as a Whistle”, which starts about 22 minutes after the beginning of the film. This song and dance number is clearly an example of the so-called “pre-code” scene, which would never be resolved in films after 1934 (when the Production Code was enhanced). Despite the word “Pure” in the title, this is a very exciting number with naked women showing a lot of flesh - enough to stimulate, but not enough to really show anything! Today it is shocking, although in the early 1930s such excesses were quite common. Finally, in the 63rd minute, Jimmy Durante returned the racing relationship a few decades ago. Watch the movie, you will understand what I mean!
