If you are going to look after children, make sure they do not live near the cemetery. Especially if this child has a habit of drawing bloody pictures and disappears at night among the tombstones in order to see his “friends”. But our long-haired heroine, not paying attention to all signs, binds his family Nortons, which includes a strict father and a stupid older brother, who becomes a love interest for our budding nanny. Even more terrible than the outside zombie brigade is the actors' inclination to speak, even when their lips do not move, and the words do not coincide with the movement of their mouths. But enough of this ... pets are sacrificed, old women have their eyeballs pulled out, and the orchestra will not shut up in any scene, even in the quiet ones. Yes, and the editor has a day off when the movie shakes. <br /> <br /> In fact, it would be better if all participants took a breather, sniffed what they subscribed to. and went AWOL Yes, I know that nowadays it’s difficult to get to the movies, but this kind of starting point is not what you need. If he looked like a trainee working on a farm convicted for stealing a chicken. Featuring one of the worst major performances ever by the piercing Laurel Barnett, and the other is almost as bad a bad child actress without the charisma of Rosalie Cole (the next Dakota Fanning, she doesn’t), the film wanders on and on just before we get what we think culmination. <br /> <br /> This includes five or six members of the undead who barricaded our completely useless heroine in the barn, while her rough drives away these ghouls with a wooden board, one shotgun from a shell and everything he can . But let's go back for a moment ... they were already in the car before, and they accidentally discovered that the creatures found the horn noise so repulsive that when it sounded they trembled. So they stay where they are safe? No, of course not, they are escaping into this abandoned building in the middle of nowhere, so the guy can prove what the hell he is, the girl can act like she’s having a nervous breakdown. <br /> <br /> Finally, the film closes. This is not the end, it just comes to a standstill. The main character returns to his car, covered with fake blood, as if nothing terrible had happened. But, my dear viewer, something terrible happened. You have just watched one of the most boring, boring horror films you have ever seen, and you have lost 82 minutes of your life, which you will never return. Think ... through the years on your deathbed that you will trade for an hour and 22 minutes just to spend some extra time with your family. Unfortunately, it's too late for me. Don't you make the same mistake :( 2/10
