A spoiled look at the life of a kibbutz <br /> <br /> This film is not so much a cultural story about a boy’s life in a kibbutz, but a deliberate demonization of the life of the kibbutz as a whole. In the first two minutes of the movie, a milkman responsible for the cows will rape one of his calves. And everything comes from there in terms of characters representing typical "kibbutznikov". In addition to the two main characters, a woman suffering from clinical depression, and her young son, everyone else on the kibbutz is a rough caricature of good evil. <br /> <br /> The story tells how a kibbutz, like some kind of cult, slowly plunges a mother and son into despair and what inevitably follows this. In this kibbutz there is no happiness, no joy, no laughter. Each character / situation represents different horrible human vices, such as misogyny, hypocrisy, violence, cultism, repression, etc. For example, while the main character is a strikingly handsome 12-year-old European boy ?? his older brother is a typical young man on a kibbutz, full of his “Jewish” appearance and rude personality. He cares more about fucking foreign volunteers than about the health of his dying mother. He treats these volunteers as rubbish. After his younger brother pleads with him to visit his dying mother, whom he hasn’t seen for a long time because of his military service, he orders, I quote ?? "Linda, go take a shower and I will finish in two minutes." <br /> <br /> Is there another “good” character in this movie? European foreigner who plays mother's boyfriend. When a pet rapist tries to hit his mother's son, the guy protects him by breaking the arm of the rapist. As a result, he was expelled from the kibbutz for "violent" behavior towards one of the kibbutz members. Even more hypocrisy: an indescribably annoying Frenchwoman who plays a school teacher, preaches that sex cannot happen before the age of 18 or without love, and talks about a real act that should be humorous for the audience, but really just silly. She, of course, wraps the kibbutz's head in the fields, which then, in turn, screw the little boy's mom when her mental health deteriorates. <br /> <br /> The film portrays the kibbutz as a kind of cult. In the middle of the night, the children are pulled out of their beds and sent to some ritual, where they swear allegiance in the fields controlled by the kibbutz elders. The mother obviously cannot “escape” from the kibbutz, although in fact, everyone was / could always come and go at their own discretion. It’s a mystery how the boy’s father died, but you can be sure that the kibbutz “brought him to this”, and his surviving parents are another pair of heartless, pitiful characters that aggravate the mother and her son. <br /> <br /> This is the essence of this film. One-dimensional characters, dramatization, dry performances and insidious message, which is constantly trying to drive itself into the head of the audience ?? that life on the kibbutz was humiliating, miserable and even deadly for those who "did not fit." I am sorry for the guy who made this movie ?? obviously, he had a bad experience when he grew up in a kibbutz. But I feel that he took several cores of truth about life in kibbutzim and turned them into huge atomic bombs.
