Yes, the fight is ABA, how can you forget about this unreal show. At first they had a very short interviewer named Marty O'Neill, because of whom “Rock and Roll” Bak Zumhoff looked like a tackle for the nose. Then it was Gene Okerland, who, when he was “pissed off as a wrestler,” would have said: “There was no time” or “Well, I’ll be back,” acting as if he had lost his mind, but actually sounded forced. After he went to the WWF, Ken Rezneck took over, although his mustache looked like a week-old soup stuck to him, he was a very good interviewer, who was called "mouselike" by Jorgeus Jimmy Garvin . After he jumped off the ship, Larry Nelson climbed aboard, which was so bad that George Phyllis would be better! In addition, there is Doug MacLeod, the best wrestling speaker ever, making every match an exciting description of his punches! Then he was offered more money to the Minnesota North Stars hockey team. In the ring, who can forget Roger Kent, who incorrectly utters words and sentences, was historical, for example, when the wrestler was big "He's big!" hit with a fist or hit in the guts "right in the wedges" or when he was hit "he punished him" or "a pilot sign should be banned" after Nick Boquinckle used it on a helpless opponent. to greener money (WWF) they had Rod Trongard, who announced that the style was great but different. For example, when a wrestler scratched the sole of his shoe over the other guy's forehead, he would say "Right through the frontal lobe" or when the wrestler is in trouble "He is in a bad bad way." He would also say that the AWA is the coolest, toughest, most vile, most scholarly fighters are right here in AWA! (Without extra money Vern Gagne!) After he left (WWF) Larry (Wheres Phyllis?!) Nelson took over, and I spoke to someone else or completely ignored him. (WWE wisely didn’t take it!) Also Greg Gang had the ugliest wrestling shoes I’ve ever seen the yellow color of something that I don’t want to say. Also, when he searches for a tag, he looks as if he wants to end this so that he can run to the nearest dressing room! Jumpin J I Brunzell was such a great drop artist that you wonder why Greg was his partner. Jerry Blackwell (RIP) was also a superstar wrestler, but you wonder why Verne defeated him (Puhleeeeze!) Then, when Vince McMahon hired Gagnes, he did most of them in squash fights. I like to see the Gagne family say the fight is real now!
