A little girl lives with her father and brother in the countryside. This little girl Rosalie has some psychotic tendencies, as the film begins with her feeding the kittens to some creatures in the cemetery, and she recently lost her mother, who went insane, but while alive, she loved to stay in the forest all night. In the movie room, a young girl comes to Rosalie to take care of her. She meets a forest evil while driving, and imagine that she is waiting here, experiencing a huge blue barrel falling from a cliff to somehow stop her car dead. From there, she goes to the nearest house and finds Mrs. Whitfield, who then tells a lot of details about Rosalie and her family. The seriousness radiated by Mrs. Whitfield’s character must be verified. Well, the young lady is dating a child, and we will soon find out that she is not only strange, but everything in the film is very strange. They all have one thing in common that none of them have ever heard of acting school. None of these people can act - as evidenced by the few cars that were presented in the film before or after this - and they all look as if they have no idea what is happening, pause to recall the lines, and have all the conviction for the paper bag. The director slowly scans the material with this terrible piano music, growing here and there on things that are supposed to scare. It will take us a little time before we get to the couple of murder of fellow creatures, but by that time I didn’t care. The killings are also unconvincing, and, in truth, the whole movie looks like someone is watching it together on their friend’s farm with people and things at hand. All of this suggests that the ending really does have some terrible aspects, although we don’t know one damn thing about why Rosalie is such or, more importantly, who the creature is with cheap masks. Cheap doesn't even begin to describe the budget here. This is mainly a pair of old farms and several barns at the end and, of course, a forest. Someone lent the director a couple of old cars too. No special effects and only the most minimal makeup. You can list so many funny / funny moments, but I just list some of them that at least made me laugh because of the lack of ability of the creative forces involved: 1) It’s good to watch the gardener’s body after he was killed ” . Len enters and sees how he is undressed, and you can see how his fat belly rises from life. 2) the dying scene at the end, where the actress who plays Rosalie is killed. She looks as if she is listening to instructions and dying, considering the method. 3) What about the guy playing Roseley's father who gave us the crazy poor Andy Griffith? The scene where he laughed at the death of the scouts was a strange cry. “Child” is really a very bad film, and, if you like, it is very bad even for the standards of the 70s. This is not film B, but rather film Z, where producer Harry Novak makes money with almost nothing.
