I saw this film just now, and not when it was released and named the best film of the year here in Israel. and summarize right now, I just say: this is not a good movie. <br /> <br /> This is the second feature film by Dror Saul, and I must admit that his first and television drama, which he shot earlier, this picture is much better. Moreover, this is his first attempt to remove the drama. The first works were comedies, funny and effective. <br /> <br /> The first thing you need to know if you ever see this movie: 21st Century Israel hates the kibbutz and the values ​​that it has represented since then. the formation of the state of Israel. The real situation with kibbutzim is very difficult, and some of them disappear one after another. The kibbutz, the Hebrew word for collective, was a member-only village of sorts where values ​​of equality and socialism were the dogma of everyday life. with the change of social values ​​over time, it now appears that the kibbutz was a place where the human spirit was suppressed, locked up within dogmatic rules, without a ticket. The entry of capitalist values ​​and lifestyles in the 1990s and to this day has made it very difficult for the kibbutz to survive. the crazy mother in the film is the central metaphor for this. <br /> <br /> But I believe that this film has nothing to do with nostalgia for the good old days of the kibbutz. Once the dream of every young couple was to live in a kibbutz and raise children in this quiet and beautiful setting. but the film shows the opposite. that the kibbutz with its socialist dogma was something of a cult of crazy people, with crazy ideas that undermine the freedom of every person in the team. this is the central philosophy of postmodern capitalism: your individuality is the most important thing. You have to place yourself in the center, and nobody else besides you matters. This is the philosophy of the film, and this is only the first sin. <br /> <br /> If you disagree with me in the political sphere, I’m sure you will agree that the acting tone of the film This is the script and its direction - these are the four next sins. the film has no real visual text, and none of its frames is something memorable. it is also a very “delicate” delicacy, which is nothing more than an attempt by the artsy farts to provoke emotions that do not surface in the film or in the audience. it only brings boredom. <br /> <br /> Can someone explain why this film received so many prizes? maybe because it shows that Israel fits the rest of the world, hating socialist and human values? or maybe it shows that Israel is a “delicate” place, not inferior to dogma and fanaticism? that we are mostly very humane and good people, capable of emotions, especially when they are fake, as capitalism expects of us? or maybe because it speaks of the biggest lie of Israeli cinema in recent years — a lie that undermines the justification for the existence of a Jewish state? No matter what the answer is, it is not very good. not for the world, not for human values ​​and not for the Jews.
