The first “Home Alone” was a fairly decent film ... The continuation was almost the same in the new setting. This one is trying to be original, and to some extent it succeeds ... of course, the formula is basically the same, so it’s like watching the same movie for the third time with a slightly modified plot. The new score is pretty bad (although the new part of the “staged traps” was, if not more, interesting and excellent), especially compared to the big score of the first and almost, but not quite a good result. the second. It (almost) makes up for it with pretty good non-original music, but it’s not the same. The plot is honest and somewhat original for the franchise, but in general it is still the same film as the first two, with the worst game and less impressive example of the “scary character turned out to be good.” The game is mostly not impressive. Characters are mostly caricatures. New thieves are less interesting than old thieves (and they laugh at spyware, which is almost criminal, given the limited number of good spy movies and how few of them are cool). The fact that there are more (and, therefore, more traps) is only a weak attempt to rise one level higher than in the first two films ... and it does not work. The idea behind the thieves and their mission is also a bit ... adult and serious for a children's film (and there was one or two sexy jokes, although this is not the first time in the series). This is also unnecessarily complex, as is the plot as a whole. I could follow this, but I doubt the child could. Some of the expositions are so obvious that even children may find it stupid. Animal stuff is usually not fun. There are fewer brothers and sisters, which should mean that those who are there develop more, but they have less individuality than the least shown from the first two films. In general, it’s just not particularly good, or it’s worth seeing if you * really * don’t like to watch criminals get injured by cartoon violence. I recommend this only to huge fans of the series. 3/10
