It was one of those films that received wide popularity on the air in the early 1970s, usually in the movie “4 am” or once, at 19:30 on the “Big Movie on Channel 6” and in another movie on Creature Double Feature. When local channels launched films as part of their local programs (mostly today they were in favor of advertising time), it was time. A pair of low-budget imitators Abbott and Costello (Frankie Ray and Robert Ball) are in the platoon of soldiers (half a dozen guys in the remnants of the army remaining in the army), who are sent to field maneuvers to look at some strange radiation, and eventually encounter aliens . First they go to Bronson Canyon to what would later become the famous Batcave on BATMAN, and face the remains of a dead "carrot monster." Later, in the cave, they are haunted by a living creature-carrot - mostly a guy in a black suit and from papier-mache with shiny objects on it and eyes with ping-pong balls. Two of them - complete geeks, Ray and Ball - are captured and wake up tied to the tables and "examined" by cosmic Amazons - Dr. Pune (just kidding!) And Professor Tanga, who are stunningly beautiful and especially in his meager bikini "form." At that time, we were too young to understand that in later scenarios of bondage and fetish, this “examinations” scene more than offers. It turns out that these two girls and their carrot monster are stuck on the ground with a well-hidden ship and are trying to return to their world. <br /> <br /> The film was shot as a comedy with varying degrees of taste, but remember that it was a time when Eric von Zipper and his team from the Frankie and Annette films were at the height of B-film, a comedy game. So it was only natural to jump on the bandwagon for some quick dollars. <br /> <br /> For some reason it seemed to me that I only imagine this film from the very beginning. No, I really saw it. And when it was released on a “recovered” DVD, I was confident in my memory. The comedy turns from slightly ridiculous to just silly, but still. There is no budget, which is a small miracle when you think about it, that it is even done, and we can talk about the “restored” version here and now - more than 40 years later. The reward is the girls who want to know about “love” and “kisses”, and in the end the geeks we all were - get girls, and love will win. This is just stupid and stupid, and for locations it has a nostalgic significance.
