Apparently, Shakespeare is equal to a high eyebrow, which in turn equals a group of people who do not see something as it really is. At some point in this film, someone (I suppose producer Pacino) warns him that the film is going astray, which once was about how the masses think of Shakespeare with the help of RICHARD III. Instead, he decides to play a split game with random comments scattered throughout. Some scenes seemed to be included as home movies for Al (was there really any reason for a quick visit to Shakespeare's birthplace, except for laughing because of something unexpected that happens there?), And before the film has really even begun, we are treated around Al-Prans and behave cute and funny for the camera. I thought that his stupid act with Kay towards the end of GODFATHER III with a knife to his throat was REAL - but apparently this is how AL really behaves personally. <br /> <br /> Rather incoherent. Here's a little hint about why I didn't even go through 3/4 of the way through this: 1) pretentious — Al always knows when the camera is on him, whether he acts like Richard or in a “real” conversation with someone — you can see it is in his eyes, also, some of the actors around the rehearsal table become non-attached and waxed to the limit. If someone reading this has ever spent some time with a group of actors and has witnessed such things from the outside, this is unbearable. "Look at me, chewing on all the landscapes!" 2) Winona Ryder. When she appears in the role of Lady Ann, this film freezes, from which he will never recover. She has nothing to add in the discussion scenes, but the camera lingers on her to introduce the kids. Her work is terrible to download. 3) the only things you really learn from this are the very scientists that the directors are trying to avoid. Of course, you will also learn that Pacino should not make films (or, first of all, be shot in Richard). I'd rather look at Bobby Deerfield than this. <br /> <br /> Finally, read the play and study it for yourself. Go out and see how it is done. In 1997, I saw a play at the Theater of Ethnic Culture at the University of Washington, and it made what we see in this film sound like a school drama (except for the free cutting of Clarence’s throat! My God! Was it necessary ?!) <br /> Everything is just a bunch of sounds and rage, meaning nada.
