Siriana caught on with critics after her release, and everyone seemed to rave about it. I believe that this is one of those films that are extremely smart ... so smart that I think you need to be well versed in the oil industry and have a brilliant political attitude. I do not consider myself unreasonable, I study politics from early adolescence, and I enjoy an intellectual film, but for the most part, if these are not documentaries intended to be primarily interesting and also make sense. Siriana was trying to be very smart, and this distracted some people. I would even go so far as to say that those who rave about it and insist that it is 10/10 are lying because they think they look better. This film was the most confusing, meaningless, meaningless dribble that I have ever seen ... Especially with the critical approval, the nods of Oscar and the cast. Screenwriter Stephen Gagan again disappointed me. His horribly written Havoc preceded this film, and I think it just tries too hard. I can not believe that he was offered to write the script "The Da Vinci Code". In addition to this, Gagan made a film that turned it into a mess. I had no idea who was someone, why something was happening, who was who and what was what. It was a disaster. <br /> <br /> Since I really do not know who someone was, I can only mention the actors and what I thought of their actions, because, despite the terribly difficult scenario, the actors did well. George Clooney plays C.I.A. Field agent and assassin I think ?? Bob Barnes. Clooney was never my favorite, but lately he managed to create some decent performances, and it seemed to be a pretty good performance on his part. Barnes was a complex character with a dirty story, and if I knew what was going on with him, I would really enjoy his character. Matt Damon plays Brian Woodman, he is rather soft and always looks like a bright deer in the headlights, that I can understand his confusion after reading this script and the subsequent attempt to execute it. Amanda Pete plays his wife, and she succeeds in the few scenes she is given. Christopher Plummer plays cameo when someone does something. I like Plummer, and I love to see him appear, even if he no longer gets the best bills. <br /> <br /> The cast is intense, as long as the story makes sense. I would like to accurately describe the plot on IMDb. “The missile is disappearing in Iran, but the CIA has other problems: the heir of the emirate gives the oil contract to China, cutting the American company, which quickly dismisses its immigrant workers and merges with the small company that received the Kazakhstan oil contract the Justice Department suspects of bribery, Oil company firm finds scapegoat. The CIA also needs it when its conspiracy to kill the obvious Emir fails. Agent Bob Barnes, the falling guy, chooses a double cross. An American economist examines the death of his son in a contract to advise the sheikh, whom the CIA wants to kill. Unemployed Pakistanis join the fundamentalist group. All roads begin and end at oil fields. ” WHAT KIND!?!? Tell me who now ?? Siriana could have been a thinking person’s film, but he missed me to tears, and no matter how hard I tried to stay with him, I finally gave up and turned it off after an hour and a half, and you couldn’t bribe me enough to make me finish this. I suppose that if you want to form an opinion, then by all means watch it, but I promise that someone who is looking for entertainment or a nice movie will sleep in the first half hour. 1/10
