Wha-bam! Someone, no doubt, had fun, devouring a whole bunch of sour mushrooms, and then created the script for this crazy excuse for the film! Writer Howard Cohen extends the concept of "Sword and Magic" with a couple of extra S, such as Sex, Stupidity, (more) Sex and complete nonsense! This is not just a film, it is the dreams and fantasies of every minor pervert! “Death Catcher” has everything: blood, violence, trolls, women's mud fighting, attempted rape, successful rape, life-size pigs (!), Terrible hairstyles, horribly plastered muscular bodies, multi-sex orgies, funny warriors, tournaments to death , delusional witches, dismemberment, ridiculous villains and tits, boobs, BOOOOOOOOOBIES !! Deathstalker literally wipes the floor with its obvious role model, Conan: The Barbarian, when it comes to vigor and sheer brilliance. The story is obviously of secondary importance. Lonely and cheerful (only as long as he does not know this) the warrior Mortal catcher goes on a mission commanded by an annoying witch to collect the three notorious elements of creation ?? or something like that. In his journey, he joins forces with a man who has turned into a troll, a wrestler who is even more cheerful than he, and - not least - a juicy lady who actually does not seem to be a big support for the concept of bras. Together, they are sent to the kingdom of the evil Munkar, where they will take part in the tournament of warriors and win at least two of the three elements. Munkar is a bald guy with half a spiderweb tattooed on his skull and an impressive harem that would even make the richest oil sheik jealous. Yes, of course, “The Deadly Persecutor” is a damn terrible, and sometimes even an unbearable film. The sequences of the battle are not convincing, and the costumes and makeup effects are simply dismal. For a while, watching the opening sequence, I was actually afraid that I was watching “Troll; prequel. Monsters look incredibly cheesy and the exact opposite, as threatening, but this is undeniably entertaining if you are in an undemanding mood. I guess this is not a favorite among feminists, since the overall image of women is somewhat discriminatory. Most of the girls serves as a harem exclusively for the eyes. They are allowed to crawl on the floor bare and play in the mud, but it is strictly forbidden to open their mouths. The two "leading" ladies (Barbie Benton and Lana Clarkson) are amazing, but - honestly - if it were not for their constantly standing racks, they are hardly worth mentioning.
