Last night I was looking for a Hollywood video with a friend who was trying to find a beautiful horror movie to watch it on New Year's Eve. As I looked through the shelves, "Cut Off" noticed my eye, and I grabbed it from the shelf, and it looked as if it could be a decent class-B horror movie. The cover looked pretty good. The plot sounded semi-interesting. Therefore, I rented it. What a mistake. Don't be fooled by a cover that actually looks decent. I think that more money was spent on the cover than on the film itself. The film tells about two police detectives who hunt down a voodoo-inspired ritual serial killer named "The Main Hunter" who beheads the victims left and right in some unnamed city (possibly in Los Angeles), and they are drawn into his world by ritual murder . <br /> <br /> Does the story sound somewhat good? Well, it is, and this film could be halfway decent. But, Lord, it was bad! Almost everything about it was funny. At the opening of the stage, a red-haired actress in a car is depicted trying to talk on this huge, outdated mobile phone, and for some reason she goes out and talks to some guy. Then a shadow rises behind them, cuts off his head, and the girl falls to the ground and begins to crawl (for no reason), trying to dial 911. It sounds ridiculous? Yes, you bet it is. The whole movie looks like it was shot on a VHS-quality camera, and I guess it is. The game was mostly terrible, and the special effects were far from believable. And the scenes with the cops on the phone were terrible - the voice on the other line echoed as if it was being recorded in someone's bathroom. Everything in this film was just amateur and tedious, and it didn’t interest me for very long, and I often felt bored and tired, mainly because of bad games and terrible cinematography. Walking was bad. Everything was just bad. <br /> <br /> In general, “Torn” is a failed attempt to create a decent B-film. The plot was good, and I think that if this film was processed better and had a higher budget, everything could be in order. But this film crashed on his face. If you expect something semi-decent, you will be greatly disappointed. It is recommended only if you can endure the horrors of the D-class. Otherwise, you probably want to stay away from this video trash. It had little potential, but it was beyond confusion. 1/10
