Woosh ??! The man?? What can I say ...? <br /> <br /> Perhaps the opening scene? We see a group of Mongoloid barbarians with poor makeup, jumping from the walls of some ruins. They sneak around and attack some dude with a captive girl. The dude runs away, the Mongoloids follow him, and one of them seems to be left behind to rape a girl, but instead he exposes one of her breasts and kidnaps her. Then the dude (still on the run) sees the horse and tries to steal it. Suddenly?? a bright godlike hero appears with a bad wig and says: "This is my horse!". The mighty Death Watch has just appeared. The Mongoloids arrive, Deathstalker kills them all (including the dude) based on some rather inappropriate western of the Mexicans (assumed to be a click of the Sword and Magic, so what about the “arriba-trompettos”?) her breasts. He starts rubbing them, and Prisoner seems to like it. She begins to love her lips and caress the Death Catcher. As soon as they are about to begin this, this old dude appears who interrupts what could be the end of the perfect day for the Deathstalker (and perhaps the perfect end for the short film). <br /> <br /> Now tell me ?? Isn't that the moment when a feminist angrily turns off a movie, or any other male viewer says, “This is going to be a damn good movie!” The plot is as simple as throwing a kitten from the balcony: The Death Catcher must get the Sword of Justice and use it to steal the Amulet of Life and the Chalice of Magic from the evil sorcerer Munkar. <br /> <br /> In addition to beheading, dismemberment, accidental bloodshed, lagging fist fights and awkward sword fights, this film also contains a huge number of shots. Originally, I wanted to add one extra point to this movie for every free shot of naked boobs that I could count. After 9 points (not even in the middle of the film) I had to give up the bill. It distracted me from the rest of the film. And the rest of the movie was worth it. Totally crazy stuff. Look at this mutant animal, similar to a cat / worm, which Munkar has as a pet and which he feeds with eyeballs and fingers. And here’s an interesting question: what would you do if a man in a woman’s body entered your bedroom and tried to kill you with a knife? The answer is simple: you hit him slightly, took the knife and tried to rape him. Then you discover that he is not really a woman, so throw him out of your bed and tell him to leave your room. It works well, I tell you. Deathstalker does the same thing, and the Deathstalker path is the right path! <br /> <br /> DEATHSTALKER is a really great movie, as noted in other comments. The villains are vile. Women are delicious. There are blood, sex, rape, rape and delicious chicken. This is a completely meaningless tournament in which a handful of barbarians beat, beat and smash each other's shit. My favorite weapon used in this tournament was a giant wooden hammer that was used to beat a bad opponent to bloody pulp. And my favorite rival was undoubtedly the cattle with the head of the Warthog (reminiscent of the Guamorean Guard from the Return of the Jedi). I will not talk about how the film ends, but I’ll just get ready for admiration when I say that dismemberment in four directions rushes at the climax of the film. <br /> <br /> And of course, there is a wonderful show of incompetence throughout the entire film. You see a guy who is being dragged behind a horse along a dirt road, and in the next picture from the point of view of him you can see him being dragged along the grass (without a road). Look at the amazing tattoo on the magician's head magically changing sides within the same scene (in the picture it is on the left side of the head, the other on the right). Well, in the end, Munkar is a wizard. The fact is that either this film was made in an alternative universe, where things like “continuity” simply do not exist. <br /> <br /> As much as I liked, and as much as I look forward to the remaining 3 In this series, I have enough shreds of decency not to miss this movie. I’m ready, however, to give him the maximum minimum points so that I can deduct a couple more points for the next, possibly worst, sequels. DEATHSTALKER can be an incredibly fun, dirty and dirty plagiarism CONAN, it's also a disgusting movie.
