Beware of spoilers ?? although I think this one was spoiled coming out of the can ?? It is hard to even imagine that a film with these stars from this studio, made during this period, can be so terrible, but it is. To date, this is the biggest drawback of the film: it makes no sense. <br /> <br /> A rich widower, an American aristocrat Penn Gaylord, leaves his little daughter "in charge" and goes to World War I, where he is killed. Then we come back to today (1942) and total confusion. The three sisters are in court, where, they say, they have spent the last twenty years, and some asshole named Barclay is trying to take their home away from them. This is only the beginning of an endless series of unanswered questions that contain a script; there are more holes in it than in the Warren report. What happened to the fate of Gaylord? If the testament is worth half a billion, why did the family house move from a luxurious palace to a house in Munster? Who the devil is this clown Barclay? And why can he take a house away from someone? Questions simply pile up on top of other questions. <br /> <br /> Usually affable and charming George Brent plays Barclay, who for inexplicable reasons totally hangs out with everyone, taking everything he wants, no matter who it is. belongs to the sense of guilt and without it; yet no one except Fiona (Barbara Stenvik) seems to particularly dislike this idiot. Why? None of these questions have been answered. Instead, we simply follow Fiona’s life from one train wreck to another, the angry Barclay takes her home, her condition and even her child. What does she do? Shoot him? Burn it? No, too logical. In a completely unbelievable sense, this woman, who had only a romantic relationship with Barclay, apart from the technicality of marriage, rape, suddenly decides in the middle of a sentence (literally) that she doesn't hate him, she loves him. And they will live happily ever after. Suddenly, for no apparent reason in the world, this early female model for imitation of independence and power turns into the usual helpless dislocation with the ankles, more often found in the films of this era. Yes, of course, steal everything that belongs to me, and I will fall in love with you. What planet is this happening on? I can only guess, the reason why I had never heard of this film before I managed to catch it on Turner is that it was lost to the modern audience just as it is today.
