I would like more films to last two hours. On the other hand, I would like more films on the American Civil War to be two hours LONG. Gone with the Wind, Gettysburg is the length I expected; although the two at least enjoyed themselves for how many hours; and even the Gettysburg lasted as long as it did because events took place in it. <br /> <br /> Unlike the movie of Ang Lee, swollen and without incident. In fact, it seems that it takes much less than two hours. It was not a compliment. It is in fact no different from any other form of sensory deprivation: at the time when it seems that it will never end, afterwards this doesn’t seem to take any time. <br /> <br /> The film is wrong foot, when Lee plays his endless captions AT THE MEETING (bad mistake), in which we meet with some characters, we do not like instantly and later we will hate. Central are Jake, the son of German immigrants who are strong supporters of Lincoln, and Jack, an equally loyal Southerner, whose values ​​are shared by Jake. (I had to re-read this sentence to make sure I didn’t write Jack instead of Jake at some point, or vice versa.) These two leave to become Bush Hackers — the southern militia that craves so much revenge and violence that they cannot even bother joining the official southern army, which, I believe, is intended for women. I'm afraid Lee lost me right there. Characters who make moral mistakes are easy to feel: if we have some independent reason to love them or we feel that we know them in some way, their moral shortcomings can make us take care of them even more. This is not the case. We are not familiar with Jake for at least an hour; when we become, it becomes clear that he is a ruthless pimple of a person who is not like-minded by choice, not out of habit - the person who speaks and does what everyone around him says and does, whose psychology is purely imitating, with whom he communicates, are either just the same, or are clearly evil in some uninteresting sense. I found myself glad when the northern cavalry appeared on the screen. I thought: well - kill the rebels, finish the damned war, let me go home. <br /> <br /> Aggravating this problem is a terrible, terrible dialogue. Everyone speaks in the same whining southern accent. I heard accents from all over the English-speaking world, and this is the worst of them. I don’t care if Southerners said that, it’s just unfair to ask the audience to listen to it for two hours. And believe me, we listen to him for a full two hours: Lee's picture is talkative, mainly because the characters say for so long that they mean in their illiterate, “everybody says thrice,” folk tension. It would be helpful if they spoke faster, but not much. Can't these people find a more effective language for communication? <br /> <br /> In short, the film is just a small gallery of unattractive characters, deprived of their inner life, who speak in an insultingly ugly style. a speech that does not bathe often enough, with which nothing interesting happens, despite their participation in the war. Good moments? At Jewel it was a pleasure to watch, just like the landscape. But I have complaints even here. The cinematography, beautifully designed, looked as if someone had mistakenly replaced the color film with a black and white one; and as for Jewel, we were teased by her body, but in fact we were never allowed to look at him, which, I think, is the least we should have been.
