** SPOILERS ** It was a terrible movie, and I wish I had watched it. Like “Doberman” by Jan Koneen, he suffers mainly due to poor editing or lack of it. As if the director is so in love with his work that instead of cutting the film to a tempo that kept your attention, he added all the shots he took together. There are maybe two cool scenes in the whole movie. One of them is * SPOILER *, when Benkei is petrified and the camera begins to rotate around it. It was cool - but well, we got it! Move, please! The camera won't stop spinning around this guy! Perhaps there is one or two cool scenes that I forgot about in this stream of mediocrity, but the last duel scene is NOT ONE OF THEM! This may be because, unlike the earlier scenes with the sword, Shanao is not disguised - but only because the director could not find a stuntman somewhat similar to Asano Tadanobu, does not give him the right to go ahead and make 80% of the sword fight extreme Close-ups of swords collisions! And all at one angle, may I add. The director should learn from the American film of 1995 about the ninja bullet train The Hunted! I personally saw the scene of raids in the village as a tribute to the activists of the previous generation, who clashed with the police during brutal demonstrations of their student years. The situation in which innocence is suppressed by an authoritative and armed branch of power, unwilling to understand, seems to be common in the Japanese media because of the strong influence of socialists and communists, who are a political minority. The GTO and Salary Man Kintaro versions of the film are two other recent examples of * END SPOILER * I don't understand. I just do not understand why people who do not speak the language of the film find praiseworthy material in it. Perhaps the worst was lost in translation. <br /> <br /> The end of the film, in which marketing has played a lot, is another interpretation of the legendary meeting between Shanao and Benkei. But this legend is not the most popular in Japanese folklore, and it is so divorced from contemporary themes that after 138 minutes of replayed visual techniques, who cares how the director wants to rethink the story!? Crazy Lips director Sasaki Hirohisa said that among the new Japanese directors there was an unpleasant tendency to ignore the Japanese audience and orient their films to foreign film festivals - in order to quickly gain international fame. It works, although it does not make sense, because the goal of the international film festival is to present the world what films are being made in other countries - what films people watch in these countries. Of course, not Gojoe and the like.
