Well, where to start? I think I can start with a general complaint about how this film is being sold. Call me in ignorance that I don’t know about Schneebaum’s book before watching a documentary film based on it, and decide that I live under some sort of stone, but don’t blame me for raising this film since The names and descriptions on the box do not take into account the fact that this “documentary” is actually an addition to this book. Yes, I felt pretty stupid after watching this little movie, seeing how the reason I sat down to watch it in the first place was to get a good batch of “Modern Cannibal Tale”. I mean, I'm a fool, expecting this film to really cover most of its story about cannibalism in the jungle tribes? Of course, I did not expect that one hour and forty-five minutes one old crank kisses his own ass, complaining about every little thing in his boring and exhausted life. Of course, I did not expect a tasteless direction, and, in the first place, I did not foresee that I would laugh so hard at Tobias Schneebaum and all his disgusting glory. <br /> <br /> Schneebaum is really unpleasant. The old man simply rumbles and bustles the entire film, making the whole picture a personal story, although he is not even an interesting character to fill the story. Oh really? Was he a cannibal? Ninety percent of the film is about almost nothing about Schneebaum’s dirty past. The only time that we can actually see some kind of cannibal action is when Tobias finally breaks his little silent attitude towards what happened to him in Peru, and says that he has a “little piece”. That's all guys. Ninety minutes later, the bull and Tobias Schnebaum are a three-inch cannibal. It's like calling the film “The Life of a True Don Juan” only to see that the only time when the main character of this film did something sexy happened during college, when he once played “only tips”. Incredible. <br /> <br /> The direction is really terrible, because the story in question has no flow, no rhythm. Well, I understand that I didn’t read the Schnibum volume before watching his celluloid story about it, but I can still recognize some bad tempos and even worse editing. In one minute, Schneebaum talks about cruise liners and tourism, and the next about how he cannot drive, and then proceeds to talk about some kind of dead relative or about an unsuccessful and unfortunate saga in his life. I mean, Jesus, can you at least drop his background to the first part; anything else about his homosexuality, and then a cordial look at his visit to Peru? In addition: I am not particularly important to Shnibum's tasteless little jokes about life and life, but at least I implore the old man to remain in harmony with his delusions. If I hear a guy talk about how he prefers life in the jungle, I don’t expect him to suddenly moan and moan about wanting to go home twenty minutes later. Absurd. <br /> <br /> Another directing note is random snippets from a story about a small little TV show in which our hero appeared. While some may find the clips look like small interruptions in the story, the director misused the gimmick and smashed the entire movie into pieces, trying, apparently, to make the most of the effort to tell the story on the old drums. <br /> <br /> The bottom line is that Tobias Schneebaum is a fraud. Clean and simple. I know that I have not read the book, but I still hold on to the argument that this film is absolutely useless, noting that a good film should stand on its own. This documentary relies too heavily on the assumption that the viewer is already an avid fan of Schneebaum’s work, and instead comes from this assumption as an additional disc found on DVD. Schneabaum is both self-confident and bitchy, hitting a sour combination, mixed with the fact that his story is surprisingly uninteresting. If you are looking for a solid part about the nature of people and cannibalism, turn away, because “Keep the river to the right” is an incredibly cheerful mercenary rant about a person who should have long put on a straitjacket and gag.
