Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy had an extensive (separate) film career before they eventually merged. In many of Olli's films made before Stan, he appeared on screen as “Baby Hardy,” and throughout his adult life, Hardy was known to his friends as “Baby.” During a tour of post-war Britain with Laurel in the music hall for Bernard Delfon, Hardy gave an interview to journalist John McCabe in which he explained the origin of this nickname: at the beginning of his acting career, Hardy shaved from a gay hairdresser who squeezed Hardy's chubby cheeks (those that on his face) and said: "Dear child!" <br /> <br /> Although most of Hardy’s work on Laurel is very interesting - especially his comedic roles in support of Larry Semon and Chaplin Billy West's imitator - his collaboration with Billy Rouge (who?) in a series of low-budget shorts for the film company Vim Comedy really very heavy. Hardy and Ruge gave the screen names Chubby and Runt: names that are unpleasant in themselves, but made it worse because Ruge (although shorter than Hardy) is not particularly unhappy. Here Hardy looks the same as in his early Hal Roach films with Laurel ... but without curls and fastidious antennae. <br /> <br /> “One is too much,” an absolutely typical Plant and Epic epic is terribly unfunny ... and its quirkiness becomes even more noticeable because this film has the same premise as “This is my Wife, one of the funniest films of Laurel and Hardy. Plump (Hardy) is a stellar guesthouse in a residential building run by a tall, awkward hostess. Runt (Ruge) - the porter. The fat man receives a letter from his rich uncle John, whose dosha he expects to inherit. His uncle comes to see him and meet his wife and child. There is only one problem: the Plump has no wife and child. He lied to his uncle to appear like a family man. Now, of course, Pulp expects Runt to find him a wife and child in a short time. Of course, the results are catastrophic. It would be nice if these disastrous results were funny, but they are not. Most of the humorous humor here is just an empty farce, where the characters settle their arguments, pushing each other into the baths. <br /> <br /> Spoiler comes. Directed by Vim Will Louis (who?) Shows no instinct for cameras: the actress who plays the housewife is well above Hardy, and Louis constantly adjusts her shots so that her head is out of the frame. It may be funny if done on purpose, but it is simply inept. At some point in this bad comedy an incredible bad taste hung on the horizon as Runt approached the black laundress. “Of course, they would not have laughed,” I thought. But they do. Runt steals a black child of a woman and tries to invent it as the posterity of Fat Man. <br /> <br /> Somehow Plamp acquires a baby bed, but he still doesn’t have a baby. With Uncle John climbing the stairs, Bullet picks up Runt for his childhood. Perhaps this gag could work with a dwarf or even an actor of really amazing size, such as Chester Conklin, but Billy Rouge is only slightly below average height. The incarnation of the child Ruge is neither believable nor amusing, and Uncle John had to be a complete idiot to fall in love with him. Surprisingly, he does it! <br /> <br /> The most noteworthy aspect of “One Too Many” is a brief appearance - apparently its only one in the history of the film - Madelna Saloshin, Oliver Hardy's first wife. The marriage was not happy, although Hardy's family problems never reached the epic scale of Stan Laurel. <br /> <br /> Only one thing in this film impressed me. There is a very short sequence of memories where Hardy recalls his sea romance with bathing beauty. In 1916, there was still no standard film grammar for the transfer of memories: what was shown here was made elegantly and simply. It is a pity that this film has no other advantages. “One Too Much” is definitely one film, too many in Oliver Hardy’s resume, and I rate this film only by one point out of 10. Together Laurel and Hardy are certainly much funnier than any of them individually.
