it was a simpler time (the seventies), a simpler place (San Francisco) where a man could make a simple film about the insane psychotic re-crucifixion of Christ as a woman on acid with endless dream sequences and interrospective frames with interracial intergender orgies regardless of financial responsibilities or moral consequences. <br /> <br /> This film, boring, slow, boring, is the worst example of a pretentious, cruel, cruel art school that went through as an art in the midst of the 1970s. and i love it! as the train wreck begins with endless slow zooming movements and heavy reverberated echo cameras, licking the acid guitar, you can't take your eyes off her to the ridiculous and absurd end. this is a kind of cross between the superstar Jesus Christ beyond the valley of dolls and a really cool acid trip with his parents to the waterbed. this is a train wreck at the same time, quite exciting, as well as a great shot of the worst (or best) elements of the seventies fihadel cinema genre of class b. <br /> <br /> The plot. <br /> <br /> I’ll just tell you the plot, because you can hardly tell what is happening because of the constant cross-edited memories of events that may or may not happen to characters who may or may not be themselves yourself, and the face painted by a hippie freak. Knicks endlessly jumps into banal memes at the level of performing arts, such as street theater. <br /> <br /> “Logan” is a really annoying iconoclast filmmaker who shouts at people and is surrounded by a practically silent film crew, always shed acid and have what looks like really bad orgies. Richard Dreyfus plays a supporting role like what looks like an accountant. the film crew seems to hate him for some reason and break out into a manic laugh, possibly to torment him. “Suzanne”, the title character, is a blond-haired blond who rises limply into space and comforts an absolutely insane “artistic” character. By the way, the “artist” is going crazy. either because of the bend of his hamstring, or because of the incredible horror of his paintings. all of course awesome nude suzanne. there are some other characters who appear by chance, a cigar, a "man" knocking on the character I think, who also passionately loves Suzanne. he has a monologue. I really could not understand what he had to do with this story, except that everyone had to hate the “man” at the time, and you could not make a film without him. there is a dumb girl. dumb girl pays off, finally believe me, this is incredibly stupid.
