96 minutes is cruel ... and I love old Munster. Yes, the plot is a thing; yes, the lines are commonplace; but whoever was at the helm of it was not a fan. There are so many intrigues in it (and I use this word with a long pause) that I wonder if this is an old episode of Starsky and Hutch. I lost count, how many times I noticed that makeup missed a spot near the collar. Refusing to admit that any time that has passed since the mid-60s (absurdly), the producers simply replace Marilyn and Eddie with young actors. Why not let them grow and grow old? Adding the Addam family style reunion does not add the flavor of a Halloween party. <br /> <br /> Grandpa and Herman fly to Transylvania and return in a few hours (ridiculous.) Sid Sizer is the best, most incredible character (myself including bad robots), as he babble a bad combination of gibberish and Yiddish, but claims to be an ancient Arab ruler. And yes, it seems the track of laughter is missing. In fact, there are several places where there is dead air, as if a trace of laughter had to be inserted later. The actors seem to be waiting for a fake audience. It's not funny; it is sad. Oh, and the best part! Yvonne DeCarlo has a line that just shows you how inviolable writers and producers were inviolable. Marilyn says something like: “Where could Uncle Hermann and Grandpa be? They could have an accident. They could have been hit by a car ... or by train! ”Lily says that she’s answering something like:“ Uncle Hermann will be here if he has to drag himself off the railway track ”. What is surprising about this: Yvonne DeCarlo's husband was a stuntman in the early 60s, lost a leg and almost died in a train stunt. He never recovered, and this financially devastated her family. (Look at the fantastic review of the biography of her life and career) This line could be easily changed to make it more sensitive to her. <br /> <br /> If you are a true fan of Munster, then you will have to RENT this mess. This illustrates how some things are best left alone. Even with (almost) the original line-up, this is almost as bad as an attempt at a remake of the show a few years ago.
