To be clear from the start, “The Bagman” is very, very, very bad. He suffers terribly in almost all aspects except one: the finished product is such a terrible film that it is really hysterical to watch it. This is a very lowbrow movie. The budgetary constraints for the film should be obvious to anyone who watches even just the initial sequence of headlines. I'm not sure if most of the humor in the film was intended or not. For example, the film takes place in "Doomsville". Pay attention to all potential homebuyers: if the city you are moving to is called “Doomsville”, keep going. Stephanie Beaton quickly removes her top for a rather enthusiastic sex scene in the kitchen. I couldn't stop laughing because she has deliberate humor (she turns on the gas stove ... do you understand? Sex is so hot? Do you understand?) And unintended humor. Inadvertent in this case is the music. It's like a musical theme for “Chariots of Fire” coming out of Electronica. Smash the computer and synthesizers! I understand that making music for such a small production is prohibitively expensive. I really feel for them, because the work here is so well-intentioned. The problem is that cheap music is not necessarily good music. I haven't laughed so hard at sex on screen since “Alone in the Dark” with this song “Seven Seconds” (I suppose they hinted that poor old Mr. Slater was a little ... quick to draw?). Even the end credits are fun. Intentional or not? You have to be a judge: a domestic dog and a cat are part of a well-deserved composition - and an arguer of animals was ready for them! - The boom is credited to “Mr. B. Stick,” and the wardrobe of the 3rd squad (yes, they had the third squad) is credited to K-mart. Maybe it's just me, but I think the fun is more than the film saves. The film is very, very bad, but the goals of Stephanie Beaton, her friends and family in Bagmen are so good that you can't help but like the movie they shot. "Bagman" is bad, but not terrible. In his own way, he even manages to be a little sweeter. He wears his faults so honestly that you can't help but forgive them. "Best" movies that try to hide flaws, almost worse. I think this is just a film that knew who its audience was, and was filmed accordingly. <br /> <br /> Watch any number of films, and most of them are likely to be much better than this. Some may look cheaper or have worse productivity or lower production costs. They may not suffer much, like Bagman, from the terrible editing, sound and foley effects. Mr. B. Stick didn't do a good job. The special effects look like most of the money is gone. They are usually funnier than horrible, although when Bagman is finally exposed at the end, the makeup job is surprisingly well done. <br /> <br /> My 4 out of 10 is a bit high, but the humor helped a lot. This is the perfect movie that you can find in the evening with a few friends and a beer in hand. Anyone who seriously considers himself a fan of B-movies or low-budget films should have a lot of entertainment. All others should probably be avoided with great prejudice.
