Bubble is an attempt to create a funny Romeo and Juliet story with an Israeli and a Palestinian, although this seems to be done with the help of Friends or Beverly Hills 90210. The characters are small and banal, as the dialogues and storyline. It seems that the film is torn between fluff and depth. On the one hand, there is a deliberate effort to be small, because (in one example from the set) some minor characters even ask questions that help develop an understanding of conflict situations and get answers like: “Hey, we are here to make a poster for rave against occupation . Don't be political! “Aside from the obvious absurdity of such a line, this is just one of the many signals that the film is as empty and unconvincing as its name suggests. On the other hand, the main complaint of the film about depth is lovers following the performance of“ The Bent ”play about gays Nazi labor camp. The scene on stage awkwardly hurries, undermining its erotic power (understandably, given the time limit of the film, but, nevertheless, it could be edited to achieve the best effect) and comes off just as poorly as the entire movie. Very much loho. This play deserves much better. <br /> <br /> Characters are so one-dimensional animated, some even have names that wire all of them (although the word seems out of place here) the essence. The aggressive soldier from the crack of the golan brigade is called "Golan ". Militant Palestinian name is Jihad. Faghag-style roommate is Lulu. Anyone familiar with checkpoints and life in Palestine, whether from real life or documentaries, will find scenes at checkpoints x as absurdly unreal as ?? well and the rest of this fluffy fantasy. When a Palestinian woman goes to the fastest job in the entire history, Israeli soldiers take care and help, an ambulance appears in a few minutes. (The outcome of birth shows that Palestinians underestimate Israel’s favor and even just paranoia.) In general, the checkpoint is shown as a mere nuisance, not a series of stunning, heartbreaking, degrading obstacles, not taking into account medical assistance or the need for birth cases, death or severe illness. Ashraf, the Palestinian lover, seems to pass from Nablus to Tel Aviv without problems, without documents, without problems. He just appears whenever he likes. When the Israelis want to go through this, it's a much more difficult task, including a scheme worthy of Lucy Ricardo. <br /> <br /> Against the backdrop of good, supportive Israelis and extremely homophobic Palestinians, we turn to a resolution that is completely lacking in motivation or purpose ?? except to the painfully obvious obvious dramatic means to cause sympathy for forbidden lovers. <br /> <br /> The gay Israeli-Palestinian novel was treated on stage with much more skill and depth, as in Salim / Shalom, Salim, so this film is hardly even as revolutionary as some would like to think to people. <br /> <br /> Gloriously bad movies ?? like Ed Wood's works - at least there is a striking feature to distinguish them. It doesn't even have what goes for it. Most of the soundtrack sounds like Simon and Garfunkel on the kalavas, and even with strange oedipal touches of scenes of same-sex sex, the general incompetence that permeates this film looks like a mediocre television film of the week.
