Valentina did not make any efforts so that he did not become another teenage film, a subgenre of horror films, which we have seen too much for the last decade or so. I heard many people complaining that the film was ripping off several previous horror films, including everything from Halloween to prom and Carrie, and, as much as I wanted to be superfluous, the robber is so blatant that it is impossible. say something The bowl for a blow to poor Jeremy’s head at the beginning of the film is so obviously taken from Carrie that they could just say it right in the film (“Hello everyone, this is the director, but my kidnapping from Carrie” scene. Enjoy! ”). But this is just a guess. <br /> <br /> (spoilers) The film is structured in parts just like any other stupid teenage thriller. At first we briefly meet some girl, she is killed, people are surprised at the old tone “only what happens, only happens to other people”, and then THEY start to be killed. The problem here is that the director and the screenwriters obviously and honestly want the film to remain mysterious and tense, but they do not know how to do it. Take, for example, Jason. Here is this hopelessly arrogant guy, so overwhelmed by himself and ill-referring to women, that he divides the check into a date according to what each person had, and as one of the first characters seen in the film after a brief lesson of the story of Poor Jeremy was treated badly, it is assumed that he has some meaning. In addition, and, more importantly, he has the same initials as the little boy, who was terrorized by all the girls in the sixth grade, and the same initials, which are signed at the bottom of all these evil Valentine's Day cards. <br /> <br /> Often the audience is deliberately and sometimes successfully misled by the behavior of one or more characters who appear to be the main suspects, and Jason is a great example of effort, but not such. A good example of a successful effort. Of course, I thought for a while that he might well be a murderer, but that is not the point. We know from the very beginning that he is terrible with women, that he connects him with a little boy at the beginning of the film, but then, in the middle of the film, he appears at the party, coyly smiles at two of the main girls, and then throws a hateful look at them and leaves , disappearing from the party and from the film without explanation. We already know that he is a cardboard character, but his role in the film was so poorly thought out that they just killed him when they finished him. <br /> <br /> On the positive side, the killer is true; in fact, the identity was difficult to predict in at least one subtle way, which, unfortunately, was another flame. At the beginning of the film, when Shelley strikes the scalpel of the killer in the leg, he makes no sound, assuming that the killer may be a woman who is silent so as not to show herself a woman, and not a man, as everyone suspects. But then for the rest of the film, we just have this fearless, ruthless, unstoppable killer with an insensible mask and this giant butcher knife. Director Jamie Blanks (who, with all due respect, seems to have had problems with the girls in the sixth grade themselves), mentions the influence of Halloween. This, of course, is completely unnecessary, because it is evident from how much he plagiarizes the film. The only difference between the killer in Valentine and Michael Meyer is that Michael’s mask was much more effective and he had no problems with nosebleeds. This stuff is shameless. <br /> <br /> In the end, we make a small attempt to mislead us once again as to who the killer is (complete with the slow and “mask” mask), but then we see Adam starting to bleed his nose, when he holds Kate, his often reluctant girlfriend, and we know that he was a murderer all the time. Nothing in the film hinted that he could have been the killer before the final act, and these inexplicable nosebleeds were not the smartest way to determine the true killer at the end of the film. Valentina is not scary (I watched it in an empty house after midnight, and I was afraid of the dark as much as I can remember, and I was not even afraid), and the characters could be worried about if it were not so obvious that they would simply die. I remember how impressed I was with theatrical announcements (although the movie was in the cinema faster than Battlefield Earth), but the end result is still the same.
