Oh, what a terribly boring science fiction movie! And this is especially sad, because the first 15 minutes were very rich and full of potential! During the entry, we are following a group of nerve security personnel and hired assassins who are pursuing a doctor who escaped from a mysterious laboratory with a briefcase full of secret files. Since he is going to uncover the allegedly terrible and inhuman events that take place in the laboratory, he is executed. Figures ?? Since then, the “action” has moved back and forth between two places, the aforementioned laboratory and the rural mansion of a corrupt senator (or something like that), and it is quickly becoming clear that the experiments are in fact the exact opposite of concern. More like a dull, meaningless and vague. Scientists have chosen four random people without living relatives, and it is really very important that they tell the truth, although the giant machine still reads the content of their thoughts. They all hide dark secrets from their past, and people suffer when they are revealed; yet I do not understand how these tests can lead to the creation of a device that threatens humanity. Maybe I missed something, but I doubt it. The interactions between patients and doctors are even less interesting, because in fact none of them have a personality. Thus, the “Brainstorming Machine” basically works with a bunch of lame people living in a badly decorated room. The film could also be half an hour shorter if not for a thousand stagnant shots of buildings! Moving from the lab to the villa and back are indicated EVERY TIME 5 times. Either the creators really needed to be filled in, or they simply assumed that all Sci-Fi viewers were morons who couldn’t notice a change in location on their own. I assure you, looking at the abandoned pool with the mansion in the background for the tenth time in just five minutes becomes quite annoying. James Best’s play as a reverend with mental problems is pretty decent, but one person definitely cannot save this thing from an absolute waste of time. Avoid!
