Wow. Watching this film today, you can not be shocked by the writing of this film. Spencer Tracy and Loretta Young play a couple that in our time could be shown on the Jerry Springer Show - because they have a sick and abusive relationship ... and it is inexplicable that the authors seem to approve of it! <br /> <br /> The film begins with the fact that the hungry and homeless Loretta demonstrates the ropes of the poor but very resourceful Spencer Tracy. He shows her how, by conniving, you can very well cope with a little money, and takes her home to his shack to stay. It is never clear whether they will marry or not - and, given that this is the film “Pre-Code”, you can assume that they are not married, even if they cohabit. Their relationship is very strange ... and pretty sick. While you can see that Tracy is taking care of her with his actions, he verbally insults and twitches completely - and Young runs back for something like a dog. He calls her "skinny" or "ugly," and that is his sick way of using caress! Later, when he starts fooling around with another woman (Glenda Farrell), she tells her friend that if this is what he wants, then everything is fine with her !!! It certainly smells sadomasochistic relationships, and you can't help but feel a little scared. Of course, he did not hit her, but the relationship is very insulting. To show how bad it is when Yang gets pregnant, she says to him: "... this is your baby, and he is mine, but you do not need to worry, I will take all the blame for this" !! Clap! Doesn't all this look like peeping into the eye of a sick and dysfunctional home ?! Later, in the case of art imitating life, Tracy proves that he is a man, and disappears. In the end, he can not be burdened with a child, even if it is his. But he changed his mind and decided to return home. Wow ... that's a bit of it! And when he returns, he is disgusted and behaves as if he remains, he is not obliged to take care of the child !! And she tells him that he is "a free man ... free as a bird"! Wow, I was almost in tears at this tender moment ... NO! Soon this crazy couple got married ... and, naturally, Young is depressed, because he seems to stay there as long as he needs - not because of any love or sense of responsibility. So, how can you save something with such sick characters? What would you do? Well, as for writers, they have Tracy will soon commit a robbery to help pay for the brat! Romantic aspects of the film are at least not impressive! During the robbery, Tracy behaves like a block of wood - she takes almost nothing to take precautions to avoid being caught - as if he secretly hoped to go to prison. And to show what a good guy he is, the guy he is trying to rob is one of his best friends. <br /> <br /> Although there is something else in the film, the point is that Tracy is a jerk and Young is an idiot in the film. Despite the fact that both of them were very good actors, they absolutely could not make any of this shit created by the authors. Good music, good sets, good acting ... and the script, which is 100% pu. The way the film is currently rated at 7.4 is unknown to me, and I wonder how someone can ignore the sheer horror of the characters. A terrible misfire that somehow did not ruin the careers of those who were involved. <br /> <br /> Oh, and if you are wondering if Loretta will EVER get a skeleton in this film or play a man who is even a little weak, the answer is NO! In the end, she did not learn anything and did not change anything for the better. <br /> <br /> They definitely don’t make films like they used to ... and in this case ... thank God!
