may contain spoilers !!!! so I watched this movie last night on the LMN (Lifetime Movie Network), which is NOT known for showing quality movies. This movie is terrible! I'm still amazed that I watched it all, since it was awful. Can this movie contain more stereotypes? (a terrible Jewish mother who wants her son to be a doctor, a Catholic family with sons of a priest, big big crucifixes in each room, shown in the house of a Catholic family, Mexican whores, a “bad” guy who is really soulful in the soul ) GAG !!!! At first I was intrigued by the fact that I had never heard of this film, and seeing the pollock and the Corinan German in it, I decided not to sleep until 4 in the morning to watch it. in any case, the only thing that saves in this film is the beauty of Madhen Amick. I believe that the actions of Pollack and Nemeka are in order, but they have a terrible scenario for the work. unlike the other reviewer who commented on the lack of Texan accents (the film is to be held in Austin, and very few people had wit), I think the accents were there (in supporting characters like date Marie Margaret and John) and were unnecessary . they were also very, very bad. I'm so tired of the Hollywood "southern" accents that have nothing to do with the area where the emphasis should come from. and since it was supposed to take place in Austin, and making films there in 1991 would not be expensive, I fully expected that there would be familiar pictures of the city: the beautiful Capitol building, the UT tower, lit up for a winning football match, etc. none of this was. In addition, it will take about 5-6 hours to travel to Mexico from Austin. At some point in the film, Michael and his squad are sent to Mexico to lose their virginity and can leave at night (in summer and early autumn in Austin it does not darken until 9 pm or so), spend time in Mexico getting drunk and having sex with Mexican (is there anyone else?) whores, and then return to Austin at dawn. although it is theoretically possible, it is NOT very likely. and if someone started to go to school in the highlands (usually the third week of August, but perhaps it was in September 1960), he knows that if he does not want to lose consciousness from heat stroke, he does NOT wear his jackets for the letter !!!! ! in August and September in Austin and its surroundings 90 degrees. only people without body temperature would be so stupid as to wear sweaters or jackets labeled on the first day of school. In general, a very bad experience for a television movie.
