This mini-series, advertised on channel 7 in Australia as an “ineffable story”, destroys itself in the first five minutes, erasing the childhood and adolescence of the title character in less time than a good director uses to organize a separate event. This cowardice and self-censorship, through fear of offending anyone, permeate the show and are ultimately responsible for its failure. <br /> <br /> Robert Carlisle valiantly acts as the most hated man of the twentieth century, but he is grounded in two things. The lack of a decent dialogue coach on the show leaves his North British legacy dazzling due to his appearance, and the dialogue is sometimes truly terrible. Obviously, the recognition of the fact that Hitler grew up in a Catholic family is forbidden, but insulting millions of Vikings and their descendants by the fact that Carlisle had cast out the most ridiculous statements about Valhall is quite normal. Well, here's a clue for writers - anyone familiar with Viking mythology will tell you that Walhalla is about embodying honor and power in a battle, two things that the Nazis quickly avoided in favor of rats' cunning and backstabbing. Until we can wake up and understand that the reason Hitler has never been excommunicated is that we need an embarrassing admission that he was once a member of the Church, we will never know that terrible period of world history teach us. <br /> <br /> So, now that we have been able to insult the Vikings and the citizens of the Scandinavian countries in this pretense, you might think that the series will end on this, but it is not. The listing of Stockard Channing in the opening credits was especially surprising, given that her voice is heard and her face can be seen for no more than thirty seconds during the opening credits, which makes it clear that more frames of Hitler’s early years were shot but not included. for the typical fear of a nanny state hurting someone. It is also quite ironic that movies or mini-series that give a much better idea of ​​the character of Hilter do not show it at all. <br /> <br /> Until we learn to stop embellishing the truth and do not understand that German citizens basically did not oppose Hitler’s views, and not necessarily because of ignorance, we will never learn to deal with the fact that the explosions of democracy (yes, Germany was before Hitler’s democracy) can happen anywhere, we are doomed. This is one thing that this mini-series got right in the image. Unfortunately, this element is lost when trying to make Hitler’s religious beliefs seem to be the views of much more valiant people and the inability to break through the surface in any part of the subject. The show of David Letterman was associated with short satirical stories about the series. With the same success they could make a family comedy with him, as with a star, that's how bad it was written. <br /> <br /> In general, this politically correct farce of a biographical image does not make sense, but I gave him two, because Robert Carlyle definitely deserves better material than this, and he is the only thing that works in it.
