There are so many puns on the title of amazingly bad Valentine that I don’t know where to start. I will say it yet; here's a movie that makes me miss the complexity of the valentine we used in elementary school. You know, those in which Batman exclaims: “You are a super valentine, fighting crime!” Scream. An all-knowing and almost invulnerable villain. Heroes are easily frightened when people run around the corners and grab them by the shoulders, shouting "Hey, just me!" The score is more domineering than the mother of Norman Bates. <br /> <br /> A tricky plot follows several childhood friends, now grown-up and extremely lush. Since the film does not give them anything else, they stand and wait for the masked stalker to kill them one by one. This pursuer seems to be a former botanist Jeremy Melton, who was constantly rejected by women and beaten by men in high school. With the approach of Valentine's Day, women begin to receive scary cards, foreshadowing their doom. Melton seems an obvious suspect. The only problem, as many characters warn, is that for thirteen years Melton could change his appearance to look wild and beautiful. So (insert a scared sigh here) every suspect! <br /> <br /> Here is the first problem. To have some sense of suspense while watching Valentine, you have to accept the reality in which a high school nerd can become David Boreanaz. The nerds do not turn into an angel when they grow up, they turn into older, bald nerds. He is not a terrible actor, but the script, written by no less than four authors, does not give him and the rest of the actors anything but screaming and disassembling. Denise Richards (the liveliest actress in Hollywood who never starred in Baywatch) is particularly prone to exploitation; most shamefully in the clear excuse to get her in a bathing suit just before the crucial waiting scene. Note to yourself: always bring a bathing suit to a Valentine's Day party. The fact that it is now February, does not mean that you do not want to plunge. <br /> <br /> Valentine's shirt is dressed in black from head to foot with a cherub mask. Here is problem number two. The filmmakers clearly thought that it would be an alarming image on the head of a man who hits people in the face with hot irons. Simple and understandable, it is not. Instead, I was just surprised how a guy with a mask covering his entire face, including his eyes and ears, could move so imperceptibly without kicking chairs or tables. Again, considering what Cupid the murderer is doing, he may be able to teleport, and his eyes are on his hands. <br /> <br /> The film is not only bad, it’s not even sure who the killer is; the last turn is more, huh? than "Ha!" When you don't scratch your head, you yawn, then groan, and then look for the nearest exit. Do not watch this movie. Even if you're alone on Valentine's Day, find something, ANYTHING, something else to do. You will be glad you did.
