I am now in Iraq and doing work that gives enough time to watch movies. We also have access to a large number of pirated films, this gem came along with 11 other films, and this is easily the worst I've seen in a long time. I have seen several other reviews that claim that this film does not take itself too seriously, but in fact, I think it hides the fact that it is terrible. This is not a tongue on the cheek, the authors really thought they were improving the movie Blade. This film is only one step higher than Vampire Slayer, which, if you have not seen, I recommend. At least this film is so incredibly bad that you will laugh harder than you thought possible. This is something that there have never been redemptive qualities. from bad games to visual clichés (i.e., opening credits) to adobe special premier effects. they could not even get billets for weapons, which is possibly related to where the film was shot, but if you are going to use effects, make them close to accurate. As for the cast, it seems that they just went to Tao-bo class and picked up the first non-ugly chicken that came out. Once again, like Ron Hall in Vampire Killer, don't let the stuntmen play, they can't. In addition, the comment that this is "the return of old vampire films" ... no, it is not. This is exactly what all the new vampire films are about. Buffy the Vampire Slayer, Blade, the Underworld, they are all about some kind of super star fighting vampires. This is the newest genre of vampires, with bad blood, fake screams and foolish actions. obviously, anyone who has written a good review about this is somehow connected with the film or the friends of the actors. But what do I care, I paid 33 cents for it. In any case, to summarize, someone in their first semester of film school decided to make a film, I give them their due, because it is better than I could. Of course, I also know that I can not make films, so I am not trying. Although I know how to watch movies. I work 12 hours a day, 6 days a week, I saw several thousand a year that I was here, and it was so bad that halfway through I hoped for a mortar attack.
