Karen (Bobby Phillips) mentions that after one of her children goes out of control with his disgusting joking jokes, she will never survive this trip ... boyfriend, she's ever on money. Karen is a schoolteacher who takes her group of children from the Shapley College of Historical Research to an unsightly ugly estate in the main dunghill of Ireland. Of course, in this country there are places more pleasant to the senses. what is it ?! The superintendent of the Gary estate (Simon Peacock) warns Karen and her students to stay on the path and not to go into the forest. There is a myth about the Sony bean clan, the ritual family of cannibal druids celebrating Samhain (end of summer, October 31), “Feast of the Dead”, where sacrifices are needed to appease the spirits. Gary is supposedly a clairvoyant, his cousin Pandora (Ginger Lynn Allen) tells us because he was born on Samkhayn. It's funny, because, of course, he doesn’t see the results well, or even gives accurate advice. Almost everyone dies (even those who never go astray), and he doesn't even see his terrible fate. That this monster we hear breathes is a victim of too much inbreeding ... his face looks like an ugly mushroom and looks like a disgusting refusal from the picture of Mad Max. It does not take long before the “evil breeder” kills everyone. Paul (Howard Rosenstein) - love interest Karen, who made the wrong decision, arrived in Ireland without the knowledge of his girlfriend. <br /> <br /> The horrible slasher formula does not deviate from the norm. This tiny budget shows up loudly, and characters are stamps of a conveyor that flock again and again to be killed in the usual bloody ways. Most of the violence quickly flashes across the screen, not particularly dwelling on the acts of the breeder’s death in relation to its victims. During the quick editing of the editor, a lot of courage is pulled out when one scene turns into another. Seeing Gillian Lee's gorgeous naked body for a moment or two is not enough stimulus to recommend it. Phil Price has a really annoying cheat, Steve, often shedding bad jokes ... how he can make Barbara Lee bare in the shower for some action, we can only guess, because I have no reason why he had a chance with beautiful girl. Brandy Ann Milbrant plays the lucky role of Sha, a quiet, virgin, clever girl (who is also quite hot), which, as we know, will choose a scenario for survival. Jenna Jameson comes in long enough to cut her heart out of her chest (at least we see her breasts for a moment before her breasts open) with a few minor lines about the two missing friends she is looking for. The main problem of the film is that the development of the story and the characters stops, because it became clear that none of them is interesting, so the director Christian Wil simply lets go of his monster in order to break out an insane massacre, destroying the entire cast, almost in a single stroke. within ten minutes. Oh, and Richard Greco has a small opening role in the role of the victim, who has lost her way to the campground with her chick.
