In 1914, Charlie Chaplin began to make paintings. They were made for Mac Sennett (also known as "Keystone Studios") and were literally knocked out in very quick succession. Short comedies had a very small structure and were completely free of advertising. As a result, the films, although they were popular in their time, were simply terrible by today's standards. Many of them have strong similarities with home movies showing disgusting relatives robbing in front of the camera. Many others show that the characters roam in front of the camera and practically do nothing. And, regardless of the outcome, Keystone sent them straight to the theaters. I assume that all the films at this time must have been pretty bad, since the films “Kistone” with Chaplin were very successful. <br /> <br /> Charlie Chaplin, whom we know and love today, only began to develop later in Chaplin’s career with Keystone. By 1915, he signed a new lucrative contract with Essenay Studios, and films have improved significantly with Chaplin as a director. However, sometimes these films were still very rough and not particularly memorable. No, Chaplin, like a cute little tramp, was still developing. In 1916, when he switched to Mutual Studios, his films improved again, and he became a more recognizable pleasant guy - in many previous films he was just a jerk (or got drunk, beat women, provoked fights with innocent people, etc. ). The final evolution of his Little Tramp to classic status occurred in the 1920s as a result of his full-length films. <br /> <br /> Interestingly, this film is called “TWENTY MINUTES OF LOVE” because the film lasts only about 10 minutes! Well. The plot, which is small there, includes the Little Tramp in the Park. The couple wants a neck, but inexplicably, Charlie insists on practically sitting on the couple's lap and really annoying them. I can't understand why, and the short film consists of Charlie wandering around the park, annoying these people and some others later in the film. Perhaps he was looking for the top three, I do not know. But the film lacks consistency and is simply not particularly funny - even when people start hitting each other and pushing each other in the lake. Typical failure before Chaplin began to give his character plot and personality.
