At first it deserves about 5 stars because of the action (some that would give me the best subjective opinion, and NOT an objective, as it should, giving it, WELL DECISED, the star), but then I know that these facts are used for an actor ( S) NAMES to raise the rating of something like this ... <br /> <br /> I have problems with such productions; another attempt (just like “not monitored”) of a systematic propaganda function that promotes the government’s invasion of your rights (how interesting it is when IPS providers try to “give preference” = CENSOR information, while Americans and Canadians they are fighting AGAINST in these moments this time, not to mark the transfer of torrent files as evil (which should have reminded you of this feeling every time you send data on the network), but to literally try to create a sexually frustrated population as a whole. It seems that the promotion of fear is the norm of Hollywood these days, especially when you come to thrillers, which are the most popular movie genre for the past 2 decades or seem to be the most popular, best way to try to influence society as a whole. such levels of violence are depicted in these two features of moral and "ethical" people, that they give a new, much-needed meaning to the figures of "antiheroes." Make no mistake, this is NOT “DEXTER”, which was supposed to be high-quality entertainment. STOP SELLING “FEAR”, please, the world would be better off without it and the dollars earned on it. <br /> <br /> The first scene and, as a rule, the first 10 minutes really give a terrible picture of Errol Babbage, who is obviously suffering from a sexual disorder. The way he treats a black man is very disturbing, if he is not an obvious racist (at least, surely a “cliché”) (in real life someone will probably get beaten for this, you will understand what I mean ). the second scene (with the character Claire Danes present) is even more extreme. at that moment I understood, in my opinion, that Errol Babbage is a very dangerous person for the people around him. How many people who have seen or seen this film have never been "restrained" (in relation to BOTH sexes) outside of themselves, OVERALL satisfaction!?. Usually, the movie contains extreme CRIMINAL cases (which, unfortunately, once happened, and most likely will happen sometime, somewhere), BUT indirectly affects everyone else, as well as “you could become this” and D. Anyone who is familiar with Sigmund Freud and Jung will know very well that sexuality is not something that can be judged, not to mention the “asses” of such a fanatical “hero” here. SAFE sex in all its forms is great, not some kind of evil, which is clearly obsessed with the character of Richard Gere, on the way to a sexual “crusade”. have we not learned anything from numerous recent scandals with priests and little boys? or how long can an American teenager see extreme violence on pg-13, but he can't even see a woman's breasts before R-18!?!? (although the industry targets them with such VERY sexual perversions like “for example, the American Pieces series). Raise children's testers of the first level, but frustrate them and drive them underground, developing fetishes, into unhealthy extremes! MUTUAL ACCEPTANCE) unites people better than some kind of “right” crazy case, THAT blames his misfortunes and shortcomings in the “life of others” (a new German film that works great when comparing these two different world features on the same topic here. as in this film, you will probably appreciate the actors for showing the opposite of what they should have been. <br /> <br /> I am very disappointed with Richard Gere, especially after the recent “hunting a party ", a feature where he really shines and a more realistic" hero "(after real facts). But then it just reminds me that all these people are only actors who are paid for playing someone political and social agenda. "Herd" and "not traceable" 2 heads of the same hidden beast))) it just reminds you, if you know someone with similar views on this topic, like ALL, like Erroll Babbage, there are such stay away from them for their own safety. they would kill my family faster than any of the 0.00001 chance of Paul Jerrod in someone's life ... <br /> <br /> At the end, I recommend it to anyone who thinks negatively about MY “rating” of this particular film (and, in fact, "not traceable"), so you can probably have thoughts like me. nothing is sweeter than a propaganda film, shooting itself in the "leg".)))) this time I agree with the rating, this is not a feature for teenagers or children; simply because at best they could confuse them even more than the “common” conviction “money + fame + fashion” and how it relates to sexuality. Screaming TV shows and films as such have at least a certain entertainment value (even, in my opinion, stupid). but this one is just another “believe me, I know what is good for you” deeply (not so well, I might add) subliminal messages.
