Despite the fact that "FLOCK" played quite well by veteran Richard Gere, and some successful shots, which could throw away some memories of the days of "Silence of the Lambs", relieve confidence in the critical point and destroy themselves against the plot, which really is nothing leads <br /> A film about Errol Babbage (Gere), who works in the security department and prepares to resign. His office assigns him a replacement, Allison Lowry (Claire Danes, STARDUST), who quickly discovers that Babbage is obsessed with his work. And this work is not very fun. He controls hundreds of sex offenders who are on parole in his jurisdiction. Allison goes with Errol to numerous calls to check his "flock" of offenders and learns that he is in dire need of retirement. But Errol is good at his job, even if his methods are no good. He scoffs at sexual predators and even has physical conflicts with them. Errol justifies his actions, raising the past of these perverts. It is this “good excuse” that challenges the audience at some level, allowing us to see how cruel Errol is and yet he has lost touch (being too close to his work). <br /> <br /> When a teenage girl goes missing in Erroll’s “zone”, he immediately comes to the conclusion that one of his congregations kidnapped her. But how could he know? Is Errol so good at his job? Allison challenges him, and Errol repels himself. Their battles are as fierce as Erroll’s need to find this missing girl. <br /> <br /> Despite the fact that the preparation for the plot was in order, it had no effect! I, however, pay tribute to Richard Guire, who plays Erroll's hero very well. Fighting retirement. Worries everyone around his herd. Aversion to those for whom he is responsible. Self-disgust for having to do some of the things he does. Completely changed the image of the character for Gear. But there is nothing else besides him. Some of the sets are good (dark and dangerous), but there are many other problems that can cause laughter. <br /> <br /> I will be the first to admit that the suspension of disbelief is imperative when watching movies. But this suspension has limits. The biggest push to these limits is the destruction of VERY vital crime scenes. Someone so meticulous as Errol KNOWS that body movement will be huge, no, no. Or trampling a crime scene. Or moving evidence. It went further and hurt the film indefinitely. <br /> <br /> Another destructive part of this film is that we never enter the character of Claire Danes, Allison. She almost fell on the sidelines at the end of the film, and we never understand what her intention might be: will she stay or will she leave? Will she end up like Erroll if she stays? This is not a terrible film, because it affects some uncomfortable moral ground, but the story as a whole needed to be toughened.
