This is so ... you insert a DVD, and the most professional thing you see for the next ninety minutes is the logo of the distribution company. And at this moment you know that you just jerked off. <br /> <br /> People are usually trusting enough to assume that if something is recorded on a DVD, it will have a certain level - at least financially, if not creatively. But, unfortunately, it is not. Distribution companies are happy to collect DVDs with amateur movies and send them directly to stores to wait for an unsuspecting buyer, who is attracted by the well-designed DVD cover. The weight in this particular project is likely independent horror film pioneer Kevin J. Lindenmouth, whose name may be known among fans of the genre, as he is responsible for various other low-budget werewolf films - Werewolf Rage, etc. <br /> <br /> “Werewolf's blood” consists of three short independent stories about werewolves that have no real connection, except for the fact that they are dealing with hereditary werewolves. The first segment, Blood Reunion, largely sets the tone for what is happening ... the man returns to his hometown to find a girl who fell in love with her and discovers that her domineering grandmother refuses to allow her to have relationships with men, and for reasons that are somehow related to dark family secrets. This release is badly directed, badly directed and, in fact, does not exceed anything that you could gather together with several friends and a home video camera. <br /> <br /> The second story, “Old Blood”, is probably the strongest of the three and is directed by Lindenmut himself. He tells the story of a lesbian couple, one of whom is a werewolf, and the other wants this power. Her desire is fulfilled, but she does not become the creature she represented. This short film shows that Lindemut has more talent and experience than other filmmakers who have worked on this project, but still not enough to lift it above the level of an amateur film. <br /> <br /> And finally, we have “Manbeast”. "in which some army guy is running through the forest, pursued by two other guys. They want to kill him since he was bitten by a beast and is considered dangerous, but things may not be as it seems. It has an interesting concept, but it is stretched to be too long, and if you don’t guess what a “twist” is in the first ten minutes, then you are probably not too bright. That pretty much sums up the problem with all this DVD ... some good ideas just not enough to justify the cost of something like that. In the end, you would you pay for a picture you could paint yourself?
