First of all, I would like to say that I like the "Ladies' Man" sketch on SNL. I always laugh out loud at Tim Meadows Leon Phelps. However, there is a difference between an 8-minute sketch and a full-length film. Observing how Leon makes his show and makes obscene comments for his listeners, and comes up with all sorts of segments for his show, such as “Men’s Ladies Represent ...”, which resembles “Alfred Hitchcock-Presents ...”, absolutely ridiculous. There is a wonderful episode where Cameron Diaz plays the role of Monica Lewinsky, and Leon plays Bill, and they call him "The Oral Office." See, it's funny !!! <br /> <br /> In the film, we don’t see Leon on the show too often. In fact, he was kicked out of almost every radio station in the country. And the plot revolves around his desire for true love, including a mysterious letter that fell in his houseboat, signed "Sweet Thing". Karin Parsons, who is known for playing Hillary in the film “Fresh Prince Bel Air,” works with him on the show and secretly in love with Leon. The film simply piles one boring story after another. And the gags are also boring. When we first see Leon mention the word "van", it is quite funny. When he uses it again and again, allegedly trying to laugh, the joke has dried up. Most of the jokes he uses in the film are jokes that we have heard before and have done better on the SNL sketches and were tediously played out for a whole hour and twenty-five minutes. They even try to insert the musical number of Will Ferrell and his hated “Lady” gang, who all want to destroy him, because their wives had an affair with him to breathe life into this stupid comedy. Ferrell has a few funny moments, and he is trying to get the most out of another unfunny role. Ferrell just has this unique comic talent, and he is funny in almost everything he does. Even Julianne Moore gets a cameo. Watching her, you can not help but wonder: "What the hell is the actress who received the Oscar doing in this film ?? !!!!" Her name was not mentioned in the opening credits - probably with her consent. And, of course, the film of this theme should include the Master of Love himself, Billy Dee Williams. Billy Dee, as always, is charismatic, but even he cannot breathe enough life into this film. I also have to add that the soundtrack is full of soft R & B hits, which further impairs the quality of the film, giving it a terribly depressing tone - as if the script is not boring enough. I mean, this is a comedy. The soundtrack is suitable for something like “Love Jones”. <br /> <br /> “The Ladies Man” only laughs from time to time. There are exceptions in which SNL can create a great movie from a short draft. Watch both films of Wayne's World and see how this is done. But this film, just like the adaptation of Mary Catherine Gallagher’s character to the screen in “Superstar,” shows the opposite direction. Some sketches should be remembered on the SNL, and not on the silver screen. <br /> <br /> My rating: 3 (out of 10)
