Remember the movie that you seemed to like in the past, which doesn't quite match the same feelings as an adult? It happened to me when I returned to school .. Reunion of the class of the National Lampon. The film has a great opportunity to laugh, but surprisingly wanders aimlessly, as we see a bizarre collection of characters, a woman who sold her soul to the devil and can spew flame of fire out of her mouth, a man who looks like a vampire and a crazy killer, dressed like a woman and carrying bags over her head. You have a class president who thinks he is the best from sliced ​​bread (but, as we see in the film, he is a coward and a joke), a couple of smokers who don’t even know that they were at the reunion of their class, and there was a man named Gary, for whom it is known that someone even knew (and no one can remember his name ... this is the only joke that I liked). There is a plump pervert who loves to capture women in unsuitable places, a deaf and blind woman who has a screaming scream when she calls her dog, and a cook (you know her from the idiots and throw her from the train) who likes to put food on the plates people with their own hands! In fact, the film is about a madman who (or, at least, is trying) to avenge his classmates for the gag that they gave him (they arranged for him to sleep with his twin sister!). The film tells about the heroes who are looking for a killer who lets into the dark, crushed corridors of the old school. He was told about his killer by a psychologist, who himself seems a bit strange. There are some good jokes in the film that work (quite early), but the film is gradually getting worse every minute. The real problem of the film is that he really does not know where to go. The film is largely a one-sided premise, because it has an uncertain direction ... if it really has any direction at all. There is a lot of enthusiasm in the cast, but the material that they have to make ridiculous simply does not have the quality to arouse any interest. This is a curiosity for fans of the early 80's comedy relics that are forgotten (this is true).
