The second half of Stephen Soderbergh’s revolutionary biography of Che Guevara is devoted to his last campaign to export the revolution to Bolivia. To maintain Che Sodberberg’s sacred image, it’s convenient to jump with the frogs to the mass executions that he led after the revolution in Cuba and the stupidity of his adventure in the Congo (“This is a story of failure,” he writes in the preface to the Congo Magazine). ) Fully focus on Che’s attempt to rally support to rebel against the government in Bolivia. This would be a disaster and the last act of Guevara. <br /> <br /> What tormented the first chapter follows this example, as Soderberg slows down his film to examine the blissful face of the contemplative Guevara, again played as James Dean in the film “East of Eden” by Bernisio Del Toro. The problem is that Guevara does not have much success in obtaining converts, and soon he discovers that he and his hungry comrades are engulfed in the heart of the darkness of the Bolivian Jungle. Unlike Werner Herzog in the magnificent Aguirre, the Wrath of God Soderberg does not use the metaphorical possibilities of the jungle to increase the despair of the partisans. He seems to be more concerned about keeping Che Halo over his head than exploring panic on the dead. There is one moment in the Herzogian when Che sits astride a stubborn horse, kicking and screaming to make her move, but on the whole, the scene of Soderbergh remains flat, sloppy and uninteresting. <br /> <br /> In both of his Soderberg films, he is clearly something, and because of this his focus remains short-sighted and narrow. He spends too much time building his monument to Che and too little to develop relations with the key players of his saga, especially with Fidel Castro. Worse, he makes it a slow and passionless approach that never ignites. One would have thought that he was sufficiently immersed in Eisenstein and Vertov to understand that broad changes are much better demonstrated with broad style.
