I used to watch videos for the legendary newsletter Joe Bob Briggs "We Are The Weird". I have seen many stinkers, but it was certainly the worst, and the years were not good - it remains the most indecent crime against the cinema I have ever seen. Don't get me wrong - CAGED TERROR is formally more technically competent than, say, MONSTER-A-GO-GO or GUYS FROM HARLEM or something like that. For me, his claim to be the worst film of all time is a unique blend of unsurpassed skill with a crushing claim. Is this a Vietnam comment? Ecological protest? Incitement to racial riot? The study of human inhumanity in relation to man? New exercise in the addition of natural material length (almost)? In short, a young urban professional (perhaps the most disgusting on-screen character) somehow seduces with him an evil Asian-American partner in a forest hike. After beating her with quasi-philosophical cotton for most of the hour, they encounter two wandering veterans: the unforgettable Jarvis (righteous brother) and Troubadour (rejecting a guitar from the Manson family). Hey, the plot twist! Voltage! Act! Exciting! Well, no, just a climate scene in which they are locked on a hook, a chicken coop, a chicken coop and slightly humiliated. The victim in question looks sluggishly at the kidnappers and mumbles: "No ... no ... please ... no need ..." Meanwhile, Jarvis refers to the Troubadour as Trabi every two minutes, reminding Nothing special, like Juan Picker's alien star POD PEOPLE. That's all happening in CAGED TERROR, and such a brief overview probably makes it almost tolerable. But believe me, I have seen thousands of films in my life, and this film has remained for the last eight years since the first time I saw him, the worst. (I insert it into an old VCR n every two years or so, to calm yourself and calm yourself, of course.) I think the element that makes CAGED TERROR so hateful is this: very little happens, and although little that happens happens, it happens rather bad and rather slow, which really makes it obsessively invisible, is the suffocating feeling that directors REALLY WANT to shove some message down their throats. But since CAGED TERROR is so incompetent and inefficient, what was conceived as a lesson in a civil case, becomes an accelerated course with intense discomfort from viewing. This film lasts 75 minutes and feels like three and a half hours. This is terrible, truly terrible. People, believe me, I have seen ghosts that still walk, and this one is worse. Go look! You will thank me. And curse me. Just for the record, my favorite line is: (In CAGED TERROR, but maybe ever) "Yes, well, you probably think the Song of Solomon was an allegory of Christ’s love for the church ...!" (NOTE: must be delivered in a tone of condescended indulgence.)
