I see quite a few positive reviews on this board, trying to revive this film from its lackluster status and initiate worship. I see the usual words: “I think this film is not for those who are easily offended”, “This film is not Shakespeare”, etc. Guess what? There was no "Road Trip"! And I joked during this movie! There is a way to make a rough, tasteless comedy and deliver laughter; and there is a way ... just to make it coarse and tasteless. "Whipped" is trying to be a "swinger" without wit or intelligence. It seems that it was written by the children's eyes of a 14-year-old boy. For God's sake, the characters in this film must be white-collar, honest citizens - and they speak like some of the idiots I knew in the first year of high school! Dialogue is permeated — more like a drowned man — in four-letter words. You might think that people with their status will have a SOME level of intelligence - and a more extensive vocabulary. Just watch the movie Whit Stillman and see the difference. Not to mention that the dialogue sounds completely unrealistic and completely cartoonish. If you know successful businessmen who speak like characters in this film - please let me know and introduce me to them. Their annoying sexual banter is equivalent to the usual conversation in the locker room among adolescents who have just reached puberty. There is absolutely no understanding of relationships, sex or ... anything !!! This is just a bad excuse to demonstrate a great deal of extraordinarily — and not to take the word “extremely” for granted, because I mean it with all my heart — rude jokes. These are gags without substance. Jokes that are more intended for moans than for laughter. The scene at the end between Amanda Pete and her friends was completely unattractive and completely unconvincing. There are some films that involve the interaction between women, which were written by (direct) men and wonderfully played out. This scene includes many sexual metaphors and gestures. It involves a dialogue that you can never imagine leaving the woman’s mouth. It was one of those big scenes written by a guy. I did not believe it for a second. <br /> <br /> “Whipped” is just a sickly male fantasy, as flat as annoying. I got (very) little laughter from this completely forgotten comedy, and this was probably the result of despair. When you do not laugh for a long time, you are desperately looking for humor in the most trivial things. So I would not mark it as positive.
