As a student of music, I thought that the film at the conservatory might be interesting to watch. Little did I know ... (I had no idea that this film was based on the book by Britney Spears) This film was incredible in everything. Obviously, the one who wrote the script never set foot in the conservatory and knows nothing about classical music. Let me give you just a few examples: 1) NO ONE can be allowed into the classical conservatory without any classical preparation! It is not enough just to have a good pop voice, and besides, this is a completely different thing - a different genre, a different technique. This is like playing the violin when you apply for a viola lesson. 2) Why did a woman who taught music theory go to the jury? If she herself was not a professor of singing, she would not have the right to vote in such a situation, and if she was a professor of singing, why not tell us about it? 3) The ability to read music is a must if you are doing music. 4) How did Angela take possession of this videotape? It would be confidential, only to the jury. Now either she received a recording from one of the professors, or the writers simply had no idea. Interestingly, ... 5) The singing professor gave Holly a song to Carmen, saying that she "had a range", which she obviously did NOT do. Yes, she was able to sing notes, but Carmen is a mezzo-soprano, while Holly's voice seemed much more timbreful, completely incompatible with this song. 6) Worst of all: the film not only demonstrates shocking ignorance when it comes to classical music, but does not even try to hide it. The aria that Angela sings is disfigured beyond recognition, a fact that painfully cries out at a concert where it ends in a shameful way - Mozart will turn over in his grave. Carmen's habanera sometimes sounded a bit weird, and the way it was rearranged at the end just shows how few producers really think about classical music - it's tough and boring, but, hey, add a few drums and electric guitars, and it's almost like britney spears! I know that all these are small details, but it would be so easy to avoid them just by doing a little research. In any case, I could suspend my disbelief if the characters and plot were well developed. But without this, I really cannot find any redemptive qualities in this film, except for one thing: it's good for a laugh.
