I was excited when I heard that they finally turn this terrible event into a movie. The whole era (1980-Southern California) and the subject (drugs and the porn industry) intrigue me. I thought it would be a sure fire. I was not enthusiastic about Kilmer’s choice as Holmes, they don’t look alike in appearance or manners. I assume he sells tickets? Nevertheless, I was ready to ignore this and give him a chance. I was a little shocked that on the first day of the show, there were only four people in the theater with me. Now all the crimes and stories in the film is difficult to do, I admit it. There were no witnesses to this very cruel and cruel act. John Holmes was there, but he was also a pathological liar and was worried about what would happen to his family (and himself) if he would talk about it with the police. In fact, Holmes never testified about what happened, and the crime never revealed. So it was really one big mystery, the mystery that this film does nothing to shed light on it. The scriptwriter had more freedom of action, and most of the main characters are dead. However, there is no real storyline; this is fragmented nonsense. The script is easy, and the actors try their best to strengthen the thin lines of the paper. The film does not give an idea about Holmes or other people involved. Kilmer character disappears for a long time, his girlfriend is boring, the police - jokes. Even Kudrow is trying his best to make the fragile role look essential. This is a very small piece, and, I dare say, boring. The director even tries to turn it into a love story. Which is nice if you don’t know anything about what John Holmes actually was. Perhaps a couple of Anderson’s Boogie Nights views might have helped here. Boogie Nights was innovative and exciting in all respects. This film, on the other hand, was flat and without any real charm or style. Even music is irrelevant when Duran Durand plays in a scene that was to be held in 1980. Then we have Gordon Lightfoot? Gordon Lightfoot? It could have been a great movie based on this terrible event, but I have not seen it yet. I have not even seen a decent one (except for the scene of Rahad Jackson from Boogie Nights).
