Takashi Shimizu got a great opportunity with a remake of his original film Ju-On The Grudge. Although I have not seen this film, I would argue that it has more imagination and originality (or some plagiarism, in other words, skills with well-known paths of the Japanese ghost film) than in his own directorial remake. Maybe the script was written in such a way as to somehow have a perverse attractiveness, or, I think, accessibility for the American audience. What starts with some potential - a hint of something very spoiled, that happens with Bill Pullman's sudden movement - just turns into a complete mess. What about a horror movie? Give me a break. <br /> <br /> Tension could have happened because of the situation - the nurse is going to take care of the disturbed woman in the haunted house - but he cuts off everything he wants his audience to feel, Frightens? How about music designed only so that you know exactly when to expect something. Black cat? Yes, why not just make the ghost thing look like a cat for eeriness, which, in fact, is just creepy if you want cats. Plot? Why not just move between the past and the present without any semblance of the actual flow of how the story can be told (meaning that the memories are inserted and must be organic with the story as a whole and not so), or for that? It doesn't matter that we need to take care of ANYONE in the cast. <br /> <br /> By the time the characters or those who will be present at the show find time to tell us what is going on or something like that, there is little point in taking care. Shooting a movie is trashy (i.e. the 180 degree rule is broken many times, and not in a simple or intriguing style), and the performances are wooden, even if they look scared or shocked (especially Gellar disappoints, but Pullman, who appears later, after his first scene, this is very wrong). Even when Shimizu tries to intimidate some average old “Bu”, for example, when a woman is in an office building and is being persecuted by the ghost of Malice, it's still silly. Just watch when she rides this elevator, and the ghost amid shots. Either you go with it, and if so you have more strength, or you will laugh hysterically at the results. Count me in last. <br /> <br /> I’m not quite sure where this project went wrong - did Shimizu have to re-equip him for the studios, or did he not give enough freedom to update his vision? Or maybe Raymy had an opinion, and that made things more confusing and / or boring than they would be with someone else. The Grudge gives us a lot of information that doesn't make sense, or at least gives us awful chewing food. This is rubbish in a cinema of sad order.
