Well, what are the chances! At that very moment, when some amateur scientists discover cave paintings showing that some type of dinosaur could inhabit this area thousands of years ago, a burning meteor crashes into a lake and spontaneously hatches the monster's egg that lies there ?? over a thousand years, I suppose! “Monstrous Lake” is a film that literally needs to be watched to be believed in, but it is better to do this in the company of many friends and a handful of ganji to make useful things a little easier for them to learn. Yes, this is a terrible movie with an extremely crazy script that you can imagine, and numerous irrelevant intervals that are just confusing, but it is also irresistibly charming and so awkwardly complex that you just need to nurture it. Half the film at least ?? rotates on the wacky adventures of Arnie and Mitch. These two local igokam owns and operates a boat rental shop by the lake, but they spend most of their day picking their nose and quarreling about exciting things, such as pronouncing the word "bait." This is mainly during their prototypical situations with Laurel & Hardy, when new pools of blood or decapitated heads are found in the lake. Steve Hanson, the heroic, but not quite insightful sheriff, does this thing, but only if he is not too busy pursuing the big city thugs traveling around the area. Halfway through the film, a harsh scene suddenly appears in which a thug robbing a liquor store and killing two people. This training moment “WTF” seems to cover the whole other side of the country, for example, in New York or something like that, and has absolutely nothing to do with the events taking place on Crater Lake. Only twenty minutes later, the robber reappears in Hicksville, and an “exciting” chase begins in the forest, ending with a hungry Dinosaur snout. The absurd little things in “Lake Crater” are too numerous to mention! For example, this is probably the only feature of the creatures in which players discover the obligatory giant footprint, AFTER they have already noticed the real monster. Arrows in continuity should be legendary, as I understand it. As if everyone forgot to pay attention to it. Night turns to twilight in the day and back to twilight ?? all on the same day course! The monster is undoubtedly the best aspect of the film, especially since it is achieved thanks to the good old and wonderful effects of stopping the movement. The cute beast is a plesiosaur; refers to the aquatic dinosaur, similar to the crossing between Denver and the last dinosaur alligator. "Crater Lake Monster" is a unique and unforgettable film-experience that I can only encourage to track down! The terrible rating “1 out of 10” is simply not a matter of principle (and because it’s basically a very bad movie), it should be viewed in perspective because I could just as well give it 10 out of 10 for pure entertainment value.
