Well, maybe lately I’m just not watching films in Hindi. I asked a guy from the video store about Apharan (Prakash Jha), but, being a new release, was not yet available. So I had to agree to that. It turned out to be the stupidest Hindi film that I saw (and I saw a lot). It is no wonder that Bollywood is the laughing stock of the whole world! If IMDb had negative ratings, I would give Garam Masale -10. <br /> <br /> I remember watching a TV show about the jazz premiere, which they arranged for its release in Mumbai. All the usual celebrities and their friends appeared. For some strange reason, people expect good things from Piyadarashana. I did not like Hulchul, Hunama or his other films. Hulchul, who was probably dubbed Tamil or Telugu, seemed very loud, in your face, to pay, which again had no special meaning, with the exception of a Bollywood film. This last piece of the full CXXP proved that this guy has no brains. Who made him the director, even the director of Bollywood? <br /> <br /> Anyway, for the film now. What begins as a romantic escapade turns into a meaningless hunt for women. Two fashion photographers working in a magazine divide an apartment (isn't it like “Without a Record” where two guys work gossip in a magazine and divide an office? Jesuz Christ, now they copy their own stories!) Well, in any case, there is some chef or cook who is trying to help one of the dodo in his quest for multi-faceted love (multitasking + multitasking). What happened in the end, I have no idea. I turned off halfway. What a ridiculous trash. I can't believe they even released it. And how sadly to wallow in your own mud! For what audience did they do it — the poor illiterate Indian masses (700 million, according to the latest estimates) or the well-developed NRI desis remaining in Foren? In any case, it does not matter. None of the groups have any idea what makes a good movie, and probably deserves such terrible material. <br /> <br /> This is a brief overview, because there’s nothing to write about except for the usual class F garbage bag. Bollywood has to change its name to Follywood. And yes, this review is much better than the film itself.
