I never understood why some people dislike Bollywood films: they have charismatic actors, great dance numbers and heightened emotions - what's not to like? What I did not realize was that I saw only the upper part of Bollywood. Then I watched "Garam Masala." In the first scene I could say that it was not the film that I liked (the film begins with the installation of two leashes passing through the city and, apparently, occurring by luck on a series of photo installations filled with rotating models), but I continued hope that things improve. Unfortunately, they did not. The main problem is that the two main characters, Mack and Sam, do not sympathize at all. They spend the whole movie lying to women - and lying cruelly - to put them to bed, and the audience must find it funny and enchanted. Boys are unscrupulous and inept, and not attractive. Mack even goes so far that he is drugged by one of the women so that she does not discover his fraud. The script is very bad, with repetitive scenes, settings that never lead to anything, and illogical actions and statements of the characters. In fact, characters never develop at all. Men - boorish, greedy assholes, and women - just beautiful. If you watch this movie, you would think that the “flight attendants” are fairly easy to transfer from man to man. In fact, betrayal is not so funny. <br /> <br /> The only bright spots I found in the film were one dance number, which contained brilliant scenery, and a few tricky moments about the French farce, slamming the door aspects of this story. But Bollywood dances are best enjoyed in films produced by Farah Khan, and you can just go straight to the silent comedies of Buster Keaton and Harold Lloyd, who seem to have had a lesser impact on screenwriter / director Priyadarshan. Priyadarshan also believes that he invented this story: the main premise of the plot was stolen from the 1960 play “Boeing Boeing”. The original author of this work, Mark Kamoletti, is not mentioned anywhere. At the very least, Priyadarshan changed the name for this remake, instead of brazenly using the original, not giving due, as he did in his version of the same 1985 story. (According to the list of loans IMDb.)
