Based on the average short story of horror writer Stephen King about the so-called "lunatics" of ancient and immortal feline creatures who suck the life out of virgins so that this energy can support them, they have supernatural abilities - they can make themselves dull "This means that they become invisible and can create subconscious mirages to fool people. We are told that they have fled from people for centuries, and one after another they are taken off until only two remain. ” The film begins when the beautiful mother and her son. Come to the sleepy city, they are the last lunatics and eat in search of virgins. The mother sends her son to enroll in a local high school so that he can find a virgin; he does this (Madhen Amik) and tries to find her alone so that he can suck her. It is not clear why the mother can not independently find virgins - this can simplify the task that can be imagined, since teenage boys are much more inclined to follow an elderly beautiful woman to a lonely place than a teenage girl. However, his plans fail when a girl resists, sticking a pencil in her ear. The police are called and the hunt continues! The son is sick from injuries, and so the mother continues to run amok, killing policemen left and right in search of the girl who hurt her son and dumped several painfully unfunny liners among the blood. Finally, the girl kills the mother of the film. This film is rubbish! The game varies, from middle Brian Krause to superb Alice Krieg. Special effects are average and show some early computer effects that are a bit interesting because they show how far such things have come in such a short time. The direction is confused, and the film falls into place in the camp. The director seems unsure whether we should be afraid of the lunatics or sympathize with them, and if doubt allows the film to go into hysterics. Stephen King makes a funny cameo like an annoying gardener, like Mark Hamill, like a puzzled cop. Alice Crege seems to take on the role of the film, her character gives depth, and she gives an idea of ​​what movie could be with the best script and the best direction.
