So, in the Chills Network, they have “The Vampire Month” over cable, I'm such a moron, but I love vampires. So after the few failures that they showed, I was rather disappointed, but then I noticed that the lunatics were written by Stephen King. So I decided to go ahead and check out, well, much to my surprise, this film was really bad. Most of the films of Stephen King are interesting, and some are very scary. While the lunatics were bad, it was a beautiful kind of bad. I had a good time laughing at this movie and just accepting it as it was. I have never read Lunatics, as I understand it, this is the only true story about King’s vampires, so I can’t compare a book with a movie. I don’t know if this was only my TV, but the lunatics looked as if they were made for television. The special effects were commonplace, and the story was a bit far-fetched, even if it’s fantastic, she had a lot of problems. <br /> <br /> Charles Brady and his mother Mary are vampires who nourish the life force of virgin women. They are much more stable than people, and possess the abilities of both telekinesis and illusions. Their only weakness is cats, who are not only able to see through their illusions, but whose claws are capable of inflicting heavy or deadly wounds on them. They also maintain incestuous relationships. Charles and Mary settled in a small Indiana town. Charles attends a local high school, and there he meets Tanya Robertson in his class of creative writing. Tanya is not aware of the true reason why Charles wants her so badly; take her life force for his mother, who is starving. At first it seems that Charles fell in love with Tanya. However, on the first date, at a picnic at a nearby cemetery, Charles tries to snatch the vitality from Tanya, kissing her. It turns out that Deputy Sheriff Andy Simpson, who had previously tried to stop Charles to speed up, drives past the cemetery and notices Charles’s car. When Tanya runs to him for help, Charles tracks down Andy and kills him. When Charles turns to resume his destructive life session with Tanya, the assistant's cat, Clovis, comes up to the occasion and almost kills Charles, scratching his face and chest. Mortally wounded by Clovis, Charles staggers home to Mary. Then Mary tries to take revenge on the family of Tanya. <br /> <br /> So, to summarize this film, you should expect the cheese to overflow. The scene where Charles attacks Tanya for the first time is very cliche, and you almost vote for Charles to win just because Tanya is one of the most stupid female roles in horror movies. Then you have to love the scene where Mary has a gun, and he shoots a police car, and somehow everything explodes, God bless the explosions and exaggerations in Hollywood. I shoot the film for what it is, it is so delightfully bad that for me it turns into a dark comedy, over which I could just laugh. I'm not sure that this is what Stephen King wanted to see in his story, but he has a typical cameo in the film. Therefore, I suggest you watch this movie, just accept it as it is, and do not overestimate it, it is senseless entertainment with banal effects, poor casting, a silly story and enough cats to make a crazy feline from Simpson. "Wow, that's a lot of cats." <br /> <br /> 4/10
