I have to agree with some other comments and even go further. <br /> <br /> Nothing in this film worked, absolutely nothing. Our main character Delmar makes the decision to become a surrogate mother to earn enough money to buy a restaurant, but he came to a wise former jailer. At the same time, her friend Hortensia is trying to get her boyfriend-lawyer to finally marry her. She also sleeps with Marlon, who is desperately in love with her. Then there is Delmar Jethro's brother, who is associated with a former coke addict, Missy, who reveals that she has been sexually abused by her adoptive father. Aside, we also have an eccentric mom who has an assortment of equally strange friends, one of whom dies on the couch at the beginning of the film. So far so good, but after the presentation of these characters and storylines on life, death, sadness and love in the first half, the film simply loses direction. <br /> <br /> If the author chose only one or two characters and allowed us to follow their stories, everything might be fine, but equal screen time is provided to everyone, with the result that no story or character is completely developed by For example, why does Delmar think that she will be able to give her child in exchange for money, especially if the prospective parents are a creepy fanatical lawyer and his half-alcoholic and depressed wife? Why does Hortensia so desperately want to marry a man who is a moron and clearly does not love her? How can Missy manage to quit her Coke habit overnight? Does Jethro regularly address women with huge problems or is Missy an exception? Has Delmar and Jethro's mother always been on the eccentric side, or is this a more recent development? Why is Jethro so into Cadillacs that he has one in the middle of his living room? Why did Moses spend years in prison for stealing a car, a relatively minor crime? How does Delmar manage to end up having a baby, Moses, when there is no suggestion that they ever had sex? <br /> <br /> These questions are set out in the script, but, unfortunately, have not received an answer. I can only assume that they received the answer in the original novel, and that is why the author felt the need to include all this in the script. Big mistake. The loss of several plots, especially the stories of Hortense and Marlon, which adds nothing to the overall film, would significantly delay things and give more time to develop the characters of Delmar, Jethro and Moses, which are clearly more important to the plot and the main themes than anyone another, <br /> <br /> Add to this the most pedestrian style of direction that goes beyond the limits of the usual soap opera, and as a result you will get a huge missed opportunity for everyone, including George W. Fox, who is struggling to rise above the material. I am not surprised that this seems to have been the director’s last film, as this effort shows no evidence of a visual style or the ability to tell a touching and intelligent story.
