This film is not a rock, as others have said. I found it really boring and stupid. The story of this metal schoolboy who idolized this really bad heavy metal singer. The singer dies, but not before making the last album, which will be played on the radio, of course, at midnight on Halloween (which would actually make it on November 1, much less convincing, to be sure). The child receives a copy of the record, which contains secret hidden messages. It is also the key that opens the door so that a really bad metal singer can return to bring chaos and death to the world. <br /> <br /> The first part of this film is not a horror film at all, but a special program after school. We see a metal child (an outsider) who is being tormented again and again by popular children. And he cannot learn the most important lesson from school films: when the cool guys who mock you, suddenly invite you to a party, DON'T GO! It is a trap. Especially if it's a pool party. Anyone surprised when he was in the water ?? It was such a special post-school issue that I waited all the time for Melissa Sue Anderson to appear and teach Jodie Foster a lesson. <br /> <br /> So back to the horrible part of the movie. Thus, this metal guy gets some abilities, and instead of using them to kill hooligan boys (which would be much more reasonable), he worries and tries to protect all hooligan boys and girls from harm. What kind? Sensitive hero? What is funny in a horror movie? Thank God, Carrie White did not follow this lesson. He is actually trying to PREVENT music playing on “The Dance of Halloween,” the same music that can unleash the power to kill all the children who were angry with him. If it was me, I would have included this music immediately. <br /> <br /> The rest of the movie about how this metal guy walks around the city, trying to kill the terrible metal star that he idolized. Why not become a partner with him and DO cause some damage. Why do you ask? It seems that he is in love with one of the popular girls and does not want to be offended ... more suitable for the film Molly Ringwald. Is it a horror movie or an episode "Beauty and the Beast"? At this point, the film just goes on and on, without any fear, horror or anything worth seeing. If you went to high school in the late 80s, like me, this film is funny if you think about fashion and bright hair, but that's all for this film. Skip this and stay home and just listen to some kisses.
