Having created this film, Antonioni took on the role of the Pope Smurf to all the little long-haired, radical smurf students. He took them under the guiding defense of his European communist wings, showing appreciation and support for their intricate American ways. (These smurfs are red and blue, and not vice versa.) Radical smurfs were happy to receive the guidance of a wise old man with gray hair who regularly hunts God for all long-haired smurfs, Lenin the communist - another wise old man whose beard made smurfs treat him more more serious, because it symbolized something wise, although they did not know why they think that the beard affects them so deeply. Castro, another wise, bearded man, often benefited from this confusion and exuded magical powers with his beard over his naive foreign admirers. (Not to mention Che Guevara: does this beard have a certain je-ne-sais-pas-quoi, I want to immediately embrace Marx and his sweet, pacifist teachings ??) The film begins with a confused meeting of radically stupid students who join dialogs that truly redefine the word "embarrassed." Embarrassed, like a dog with a blindfold, falling from a high-rise building into a bottomless pit. Suddenly, the “hero” of the film (well, the hero Antonioni) rises and says something to his pathetic peers, and then leaves, hoping that this “mega-coolness” show will improve his image of James Dean and significantly increase his chances of to get the best chicks in the next mass hippie orgy. After all, does he get into trouble with the cops (that is, the pigs) at the rally and conducts the film under the blue American capitalist skies in search of freedom? Or something like that. <br /> <br /> Antonioni’s predictable attack on capitalism is not only intellectually empty, but has not (or does not have) anything new; these are all the same old, happy trigger, one-dimensional cops, businessmen discussing business deals (and what’s wrong with that, don’t Antonioni’s films do that?) and endless frames of commercials and billboards advertising oh-oh-oh decadent products for the disgusting, selfish and greedy right crowd who thinks about anyone except themselves, their families, their work and their children. <br /> <br /> Pope Smurf Antonioni, like his long Smurfs and Smurfetts of the late 60s, did not notice the most obvious and vital aspect of their stupid movement: they were allowed to hold their ridiculous meetings and freely express their anti-establishment views in this very institution, while students in these countries, whose left-wing systems they admired, do not (and still do not). Of course, the greatest irony about hippies - and Antonioni, of course, did not realize this either (his judgment was overshadowed by cocaine-snort and excessive consumption of LSD) - that hippies were (are) the trash of capitalism, This is an incredible irony. Only in a well-functioning capitalist system can you find this species called “hippie”; spoiled, ungrateful and selfish group of losers of the middle and upper middle class. <br /> <br /> The film itself seems to go on forever. Antonioni is not in a hurry with this, while it includes too long scenes of meaninglessness with a high dullness factor. His attempts at symbolism are annoying and banal. His statements are, at best, highly doubtful. This film is a way to tell Antonioni that a violent revolution is a solution. And this is what we get from an old, rich, dirty, fat director who lives in villas and dines in the best French and Italian restaurants. <br /> <br /> I don’t remember that I saw any major Western film about the massacres of thousands of students in China. But when one Western student was shot for waving Che Guevara’s face in front of us, we immediately get ten major films about it. I suppose this means that Chinese life is a thousand times cheaper than Western? at least for the hypocrites of the left wing, who suggest films. <br /> <br /> If you are a Marxist neo-hippie and you do not like this terrible review, click "NO" below.
