This film is definitely a product of its time and is viewed in any other context; it is an incredibly stupid film. Gosh, even if you look in the right context, it's pretty bad! This is mainly due to the silly plot and the very condescending guidance of the famous Italian director Michelangelo Antonioni. In this case, he tried to combine a very fanciful film with a hippie film against the establishment, and he managed to create only a giant-sized bomb. <br /> <br /> The film begins with a rap session, where many “with this” students sit idle, saying such banalities as “power to the people” and complaining about the “person”. Given that most of these hippies have parents sending them to college, it was a little silly for these privileged children to complain so loudly and shout out revolutionary jargon. A little later, violence broke out between students and "pigs from institutions", and the policeman was killed. Our “hero” Mark may or may not do this, but he is forced to flee in order to avoid prosecution. Instead of going to Mexico or Canada, he does what only a total moron could do - steal a plane and fly to the Mojave Desert! There he meets an occasional chick, and they idle for hours. Then they have sex in one of the strangest sex scenes in cinema history. As they spin in the dust, other couples suddenly appear from nowhere, and a huge orgy scene arises. Although you see a bit of skin (which guarantees R-rating), it’s not as obvious as it could be. In fact, it lasts so long and seems so choreographic that it simply amazes the mind. And, of course, when they finish, many, many other couples disappear into the air. <br /> <br /> Oddly enough, the couple later draws the plane with some help, and it looks like Peter Max's creation. Despite the improvement in the appearance of the aircraft, the evil police officers respond to his return by plane, shooting at the handsome revolutionary. When a girl finds out, she falls into a semi-catatonic state, and the film ends with the fact that she apparently imagines the destruction of her own fascist pig parents and all the evil for which they stand (for example, hard work and responsibility). Instead of one simple explosion, the same huge house explodes about 8 times. Then, inexplicably, you see TVs, refrigerators and other things exploding in slow motion. While silly, it's pretty cool to look - sort of like when David Letterman blows things up or breaks things up on his show. <br /> <br /> In addition to the stupid conspiracy, the film suffers from an acute need for one nice character, as well as extensive editing. At least 15 minutes can be easily removed to speed up the process a bit, especially since there is actually not much of the plot or dialogue. The bottom line is that this is an incredibly stupid film, and I was not surprised to see it in Harry Fifty-five book “The worst films” written by Harry Bear. This is a deserved addition to this shit pantheon. For such a famous director to spend so much money on making such a horrible film is a crime! <br /> <br /> Two recent notes. If you like to laugh at silly hippie movies, try watching Billy Jack Trial. In addition, in the case of life-imitating art, the presenter, Marc Fréchette, played out his character in real life. He died at the age of 27 years in prison several years after participating in the "revolution", during which he and several friends robbed a bank and killed an innocent person. Hippie damn !!
