The ludicrous sequel greatly increases confidence, since the devilish sociopath Stanley Caldwell returns this time, penetrating the film industry of the novel, which he wrote for the drowning in the garden, assuming the identity of the second director he killed. <br /> <br /> The film makes a joke about Hollywood with a mocking script, in which tyrannical directors are shot, who sleep with their actresses (they are looking for a way up the stairs) and they don’t like it when someone challenges them. Brian Krause, whom I thought was terrible, replaying to such an extent that the satire felt incredibly forced, portrays a loud, temperamental director who does not like the fact that his second director and screenwriter, Alison (.. played by Dahlia Salem) seems to take on the production. Andrew Moxham is Paul Parsons, the victim's brother from the first movie. The dark humor of the film this time takes on the idea of ​​a serial killer, actually acting as the director of the film set, and uses it in every sense. Nelson again skillfully returns to his psycho role without any difficulty, with Stanley, as always clever, using his brain to control film production, killing anyone he needs, to maintain full control over his work, not allowing anyone to stand in his ... until Alison understands who Stanley is. Alison is a type of ambitious writer who wants to grasp the essence of his topic ... what motivated Stanley to kill, why did he do it, and what brought such a person to this dark path? Humor Alison, who actually works with the man himself, is also part of the satire at the heart of this dark comedy thriller. Of course, you get the inevitable confrontation between Alison and Stanley, with a really ridiculous, incredible conclusion about the fate of the killer (... a rather complicated tablet for swallowing). Unlike the first film, which was photographed with a sophisticated polish, director Po-Chi Leong uses unnecessary methods that are not needed (for example, shooting all sorts of strange angles, time-lapse in sepia and a few cases that are in the video) and are rather annoying. not impressive. This continuation, in my opinion, was not as targeted as the original, with more humor less effective and more obvious.
