Need a lesson in a clean, disgusting failure ?? Look no further than Wizards of the Lost Kingdom, a terrible, dirty, shameful click. As we all know, decent movies tend to germinate horrible, horrible offspring: “Halloween” gives rise to many, many bad 80s; Mad Max gave birth to many, many bad 80s "futuristic clicks of fantasy wasteland"; and "Conan the Barbarian" spawned a whole bunch of horrible, terrible, incredibly bad snap and sorcery 80s. "Wizards of the Lost Kingdom" is scratching the bottom of this 80s barrel, which is really offensive to barrels. A young pompous named Simon repulsed his “good kingdom” from the evil sorcerer with the help of a dirty carpet, a garden gnome, a topless mermaid and a tired, plump Bo Swenson. Svenson ("North Dallas Forty", "Inglorious Bastards", "Delta Force"), a long-standing muscular man, looks barely able to swing his sword from aluminum foil. However, he manages to defeat the forces of evil, which consist of the evil sorcerer "Shura" and his army of horribly dressed monsters, giants and dwarfs. At some point, the papermache bat attacks the thread, but it is eaten by a 1/2 hidden puppet made from a sock, which it is a pity to represent as a kind of dragon. The beginning of the film consists of what can only be politely described as fragments of scenes leaping from the floor of the cutting room of bad films udders, stitched together in the vain hope of setting the scene for the film, and overly sincerely told by some guy who never appears again. Words can not correctly convey the amazing cheapness of this film; the producers probably spent the mura-mule on feeding Swenson's ever-expanding esophagus than the stupid film of this film. And we are talking here, Bree, guys ...: = 8P Director Hector Oliver ("Queen of the Barbarians") presents this mess in hopelessly confused, confused and stamped, destroying any possible hint of a clear, linear narrative. The action is terrible, the level of production is lower than the shoe's thread, and the plot is one tired cliche after another, paraded in our weary eyes. The fact that they actually made a sequel (!!!) makes the MooCow brain spin. James Horner's cheesy music (Braveheart, Titanic, The Rock) from Battle of the Stars was raised, screaming and kicking, and mercilessly inculcated to this turkey - I bet that this does not come up in his resume, People, you have to see it in order to believe it. MooCow says that this is a cheap rental, when there is nothing ANYTHING to see, well, it's much more fun than watching dusty bunnies sitting together. It did not pass. : = 8P
