What we have here is a completely brilliant piece of incompetence of the early 80s, which will deprive even the biggest connoisseur of trash cinema! “Wizards of the Lost Kingdom” is a very cheap and fun adventure in the fantasy / sword and magic genre, in which there is no real plot, but with impatience and unscrupulous borrowing elements from other films. Writer Ed Naha and Hector Oliver (who?) Watched enough similar films to know that they needed several important characters, but probably thought that everything else would follow automatically. To make a fantasy adventure, you need: one super evil villain (preferably with a black cloak), one young hero in training, one lone warrior, one kind fluffy pet, one wise dwarf living in the forest (optional), and a whole colorful a collection of hideous demons, enslaved gnomes, and winged gargoyles as filler. This story is phenomenal and so original, since Simon, the youngest son of a wizard, has to flee his beloved kingdom after the evil magician Shurka seized power and killed the king. Simon wants to come back and save people, but he needs his powerful ring that he lost during his escape. Simon befriended the lonely warrior Cora (usually the cool dude Bo Svenson, who obviously needed a check), who helps Simon in a long and destructive journey full of tests, dangerous collisions and magic collisions. Admittedly, it doesn't even seem too bad for now, but it is only because I have excluded all the delightfully inept little details. For example, Simon has a best friend named Gulfax. Gulfax is an albino version of Chewbacca that causes an uncontrollable chuckle whenever it opens the poodle's face to scream out something incomprehensible. Obstacles arising during a trip home are ridiculously irrelevant to the “plot” and simply serve as additional personnel to hide the lack of real content. Simon has nightmarish visions in a tent of a suspicious forest nymph. Kor settles an old score with a sworn face an enemy whose sister he refused to marry, and there is a supposedly terrible "suicide cave" from which you can only sing as you leave. But the absolute most unevenly brilliant sequence ?? not only of this film, but also in the history of cinema ?? includes the resurrection of four zombie warriors. Simon woke up the legendary courageous warriors, hoping that they would help them in their battle, but the rotting corpses just take a few steps, complain about how tired they are, and return to their graves. This is it! Here you have a zombie plot! The best sequence ever! I could list inadvertently funny trivia for several other paragraphs, but you get the idea. "Wizards of the Lost Kingdom" is a terribly confusing film "so bad, it's good." A word of advice: do not watch this joyful piece of garbage alone. Invite friends, preferably intoxicated types with an evil sense of humor, and see this in a group. Will it be night to remember ??
