From the very beginning, you know that this is a film about Sam Sherman more than about the film Al-Adamson, because as the titles of “Production of Sam Sherman” appear in letters the size of a title. Not only that, Mr. Sherman co-wrote the script, and he decided to use Bob Livingstone, the 69-year-old western star of the old Hollywood era, to become his lead man in the picture, which, according to Sherman, would be capitalized. about the recent success of the Rocking Stewardess. <br /> <br /> Now, why do you want to have a wrinkled old man as your male leader in what should be a gentle means of exploitation? This is beyond explanation, but this is Sam Sherman for you. His obsession with old Hollywood colored many of his films for Independent International Pictures, and he and Al Adamson often tried to get former actors for their films (for example, J. Carol Naish, Russ Tamblin, Lon Cheney, Jr., etc.), But Bob Livingston? Tell me that the demographic machine knew who this second appraiser of the 40s was; this is ridiculous! <br /> <br /> But again, “Disobedient flight attendants” became a good picture for them, so we can’t just write it off as a Sherman fiasco. However, by any aesthetic standards, it is an incoherent mess. Al Adamson wanted to get out of this picture, and it's easy to see why. Firstly, it has no genre orientation at all and drifts from a super-soft core (only tits and ass / sex simulation) to an abducting thriller (shades of Rat Pfinka and Bu Bu) by Stekler! Vegas under the beaten music of Sparrow or Richard Smedley and Connie Hoffmann at a photo shoot in San Francisco. Worst of all, we see Bob Livingston as Jack Llann in a blue jumpsuit trying to be sexy ... gag! (Fortunately, his big sex scene with Connie Hoffmann was removed, but you can see how he wanders her tits on the DVD in the “Special Functions” section. Creepy.) <br /> <br /> This is terrible, terrible the film, but I will give him three stars for a photo of Gary Graver and because of the sympathy of Connie Hoffmann for what he did with Livingston's Wrinkles. “Disobedient flight attendants” are intended for complete Al-Adamson actors and / or exploratory film researchers, as Sam Sherman’s comments contain important inside information. The rest, ATTENTION.
