This is the dilemma (above) that Debbie must face at the end of Sam Sherman’s “Naughty Flight Attendants”. Debbie just got into town, became a flight attendant, slept with an older rich man (who, as she describes, is over fifty, but apparently reached a decade or two ago), takes nude scenes for a photographer she just met. and then the central element for the abduction / extortion. Through all this and in the midst of all these emotional turmoil and reassessment of values, what does Debbie, in the name of paradise, do? Well, I can't give it away completely, but I don’t expect any real insight here. Let's face it. Naughty Flight Attendants are just what he wants to be (at least two thirds through): a soft core porn movie with a lot of half-naked women and funny in this kitchy 70-way movie. There is no great art. The film was designed to make money and use the growing trend at the time to put nymphomanian flight attendants into films so that viewers could live their voyeuristic tastes. By today's standards, the film is rather tame. What this film DOES is wrong is an attempt to become a statement film at the end. Come on, anyone here who believes that little Dibby, when she was on the beach, reflected on life. She would spend more time choosing the shoes she would wear that day and do it. What about a ridiculous conspiracy to steal 50 thousand? It didn't make sense to me, so how did these characters “dig” him? Any purchase of Cal as a member of OOP (something like this), or even as a director for hardcore pornography? He is lucky to get a job at Seven Eleven! This, as another reviewer noted, is more a part of Sam Sherman than al-Adamson. You can tell when Al fully responds. Almost no budget, and the film does not look as good as this. This time, Adamson does a good job with his work, and I must pay tribute to Sherman. Although this film is bad for what it was supposed to be, there is a certain style in it. I liked the opening titles with animation and photos. I even liked the Sparrow's music. “Silver heels” was a somewhat catchy tune. The film doesn't really look cheap. Contrast this with ANY of Al's horror films. As for the cast, yes, Bob Livingston is a bit old for the leader, but some studies have focused on his character, and the obvious thread was also explored that young women are attracted to men by money. I had serious problems with Robert Smedley, who was just terrible in his role. All girls have great sets, so what else is required of them, eh? Naughty Stewardesses is a relatively harmless film about the exploitation of the 70s, which during this decade will serve as a life time capsule for certain aspects of life. By the way, did I mention that this is a pretty bad picture?
