It seems that the people behind Envy realized that recent comedies, especially with Ben Stiller and, to a lesser extent, Jack Black, were deceivers of the situation, who steadily declined in originality and generally laughed. I found that the absolute absurdity of Zoolander was extremely funny when it was released, Starsky and Hutch were also pleasant, and then Dodgeball continued to laugh for many people, although personally I was a little tired of excessive characters - especially when the script wasn’t that funny (perhaps the comedy of a dodgeball tournament is not quite suitable for Australia, where it is rarely played). Therefore, trying to do something a little more original, Envy moves away from the absurd scenario and instead revolves around the absurd creation of the character Jack Black (I will not spoil what it is for those who intend to watch the movie). The problem is that the film seems to be pulling, I'm not a big movie lover to be able to think about examples, but it seems that this setting was made a thousand times earlier - and very rarely successfully. Thus, instead of a good, fresh, pleasant and fresh comedy, you get a movie that seems to be just moving. Undoubtedly, the moves can be quite funny, and they focus on an idea that is bizarre enough to give a little laugh — especially with Jack Black playing an excited and funny, albeit a bit 2D, creator. Ben Stiller, on the other hand, seems a bit confused, he is asked to play a more complete role than the ridiculous characters of his Zoolander films, but he fights as a family man, be it his fault or his scripts, the character is not enough depth and the result is Ben Stiller’s film makes these typical manners and usually becomes tiresome. The performance leaves no imprint on the viewer (he is just Ben Stiller, Jack Black manages to portray the character - though not the caller). The last annoying element of the film is the role of Christopher Walken “The J Man”, which is about as typical and two-dimensional as the characters, and, naturally, he very quickly becomes monotonous and frustrating. <br /> <br /> This is true. it's not as unbearable as some people think it is watchable, especially if you are in a good mood (feeling stupid would be a good prerequisite for watching this movie). Rent it at the cinema with friends and watch it after you watched a scary movie and feel something light - I hope by that time you will also be a little drunk. In this scenario, I can imagine that it would be quite nice, but in general it gives too little laughter to carry myself, and most of the time simply drags on.
