I confess that I like many of the so-called "fraternal" films. No matter how bad they are, I can find something that Ben Stiller, Owen Wilson, Vince Von, Will Ferrell, or Jack Black might like. But Envy simply left me as cold as the white horse Ben had gotten rid of. This time it is Ben and Jack Black as a pair of crazy neighbors, one of whom (Black) discovers an aerosol spray to make the stern of animals disappear and becomes incredibly rich, while the other (Stiller) writhes with envy. This is supposedly a plot, but then it deviates in other directions, which in fact have no special meaning. <br /> <br /> I think “Evaporation” is fun at first. The problem is that they are trying to withstand the congestion of the whole picture (Black has a license plate with the inscription “Caca King”), and this becomes quite tiresome. But even Ben and Jack are used poorly; the energy level for both of their performances seems to be significantly reduced. To date, the two best performances - Rachel Weiss and Chris Walken. Neo-hippy-dippy, Walken's boyfriend, is so unusual and well modulated that in fact he never suggests other familiar characters to Walken. It is completely unique, but still looks like an unmistakable Walken. And Weiss about the best actress in the business, about which no one knows. Even with limited screen time, it still dominates each scene it is in. <br /> <br /> The whole point of the so-called drama is that Ben, in a jealous drunken stupor, accidentally shoots the prize-winning white stallion Jack, and then goes to ridiculous measures to hide it, fearing that his best friend will recognize and slaughter him. But the plot twist is not believable, because there is nothing in the character of Jack that would indicate that he would do such a thing. He plays such a nice guy that it makes all the painful horse chase void. You take it off completely. This is all filler. And what's the point in an uncontrolled carousel, except that Barry Levinson wants us to know that he saw “Strangers on a train”? The scenario is painfully bad, and the actions of the two passages are poorly directed. Someone with a Levinson track record should know better. Perhaps someone will come up with something to make this film disappear. Oh wait, they already are.
