Jack Frost, without children, is not a warm family film about dad, who comes back from the dead as a snowman. This is a sadistic killer named Jack Frost who is sprayed with acid and turns into a snowman killer. I accidentally caught a copy of this film to sit and laugh at it. Bigfoot killer? Ha, sounds like a perfect comedy / horror movie! Well, I was wrong, very wrong. <br /> <br /> Jack Frost is about a killer who is transported by truck to prison so that he can fry on the chair at midnight. But this is a snowy night, and she faces a government tanker carrying a new DNA fluid. Jack runs away only to be burned by acid and turns into a murderous snowman. He returns to the small town of Snowmonton, where he was caught by a small sheriff. Here he is ready to kill again, now like a snowman with cooler abilities. It can condense into water, shoot ice like a spear, and grow killer fangs. The only question is who can stop Frost? This movie is below the typical B-Movie line. Films start with cheese, but as soon as Jack burns out with acid, he quickly falls below the cheese line and goes into himself. Playing for one is terrible! Here we have a number of unheard of actors who either cannot act, can play, but have a meaningless character, or simply here for a few extra dollars. The only good actor is Scott MacDonald, who plays Jack. He looks like a young Richard Kiel in combination with Frankenstein. Unfortunately, his appearance is reduced to only three minutes, and all we ever see about him is his new snowman figure and his wise sharp voice. Plus, his wise men are not funny at all. Moans, stupid and bad. <br /> <br /> The plot is terrible! Throughout history, there have been numerous killers. A hockey-masked killer, a razor-gloved killer, an idiot owning a chainsaw, a fast St. Bernard, but now we’re going down to a tasteless snowman killer? Oh, come on! And the way the characters are introduced is terrible. For one thing, I really wanted Jack to kill the sheriff's son, I mean giving his father oats with antifreeze so that they don't freeze? All characters are stupid and meaningless, and deaths - to the animation. One woman is strangled with Christmas lights, her head is broken into a box with decorations, and the girl is crammed to death in the shower (where is the carrot in this scene, huh?). <br /> <br /> And to the beginning, this horrible movie is special effects. The first big special effect we have is Jack's DNA mixing with snow and a boy, it's terrible. I mean, it looks like a 60s fashion, art design, PU! Jack also looks fake. He looks like a man covered with rubber snowman skin. All blood and blood are cheesy, and the film is never taken off with greatness, but instead leans to low levels. <br /> <br /> Jack Frost is one of the worst films ever made. I thought it would be a riot, but no! He is not trying to be funny, but actually trying to be scary. Jack Frost gets 4 out of 10, which at least makes me laugh at his horror. Don't even worry about this piece of trash. Jack Frost = D +
