I have not seen "Henry the Fool," but after watching "Fay Grim," I'm not sure what I want. Maybe Hartley is aiming to become the director of the "anti-thriller" - he is sure that he succeeded in this onlooker. Based on the official description — the woman discovers that the manuscript of her late husband contains materials that could pose a threat to national security — I was expecting a tough geopolitical drama. Instead, I got a fragile structure, dull dialogue, flabby characteristics, an intricate plot and “tonality” that changes so often that it suggests that Hartley changed the script to suit his mood at any given time. I can hang for a long time with a frustrating, difficult-to-understand storyline (for example, “Duplicity”), because I believe that the loose ends will eventually converge. Even if they do not do this or leave it, but they leave in the past questions (for example, “Duplicity”), sharp letters and actions may be of interest. But halfway through Fay Grim, I came to a death awareness - I didn’t know what was happening, and I didn’t care. It’s a pity, because I really like Parker Posey, which boils down to working with the absurd part, who asked her to turn from an indifferent, alienated wife and indifferent, ignorant mother into a tough, astute international game that could psychologically manipulate terrorists. There is also a bad casting. Jeff Goldblum can be very good, but he is not able to overcome mistakes as an employee of the CIA. He looks almost as awkward in this role as I watched him in her. His assistant from the CIA is worse; he looks like a refugee from the quarter-finals of the American Idol (are there really any young CIA agents with loose hair on their foreheads?). Then there's the sticky question of the age of the characters. Goldblum was 54 when he made Fay Grim; Thomas J. Ryan, who plays Henry the Fool, was 44 years old. None of them looked or seemed older than their age. However, the key point in this story is that they served as CIA agents in Nicaragua "back in the 70s." The character of Goldblum would then be past twenty; Henry the Fool would be a teenager. Hartley was strange or lazy? The problems are too numerous to list ...
