I say "I will figure" in this line, because, frankly, I have not seen the film Hal Hartley until now. Not that I did not hear about him, although he was one of those little New York cinematographers (when I say “small”, I mean even less than Jim Jarmusch) who created ultra-personal projects with a limited budget. Ironically, as with Salo Pasolini, although in a slightly different context, Fay Grim interested me to see some of Hartley’s more recognized features, because it seems that there seems to be some semblance of talent behind it. as if Hartley * can be a very good director who can be so good that he just made a big experimental mistake. Or, on the other hand, he may simply be a person who is too impressed with his own features and potential film dynamic collisions like Godard. <br /> <br /> I cannot fully explain the story, which may or may I suppose this is not a problem, but in reality it is not related to the fact that I have not seen the film that preceded Fay Grim, Henry the Fool. I think that even if I had this experience, it would not matter much depending on the final results. There is a lot of international espionage, a double plot tied inside another, which fell into the fake pockets of the title character, played away from Parker Posey (not sure if this is good or bad, maybe both), and also involving the CIA operative (Jeff Goldblum, as usual, a solid presence among mania, even causing some laughter), not to mention a picture box loaded with an orgy, and the author Henry the Fool. The point is not that the script is completely impenetrable, but largely because of this, excessive loopholes arise because there are some touches of witty or surprisingly strange dialogue. <br /> <br /> Simply put, the direction just sucks. Harltey is in love with a third person, which is good, but he imposes a constantly headache-style when everything leans at an angle, and the characters have to get up in the same strange frame. Not since Battlefield Earth, in fact, is so annoying to the director, trying to make an unnecessary choice of these angles for some strange dramatic effect, only this time Hartley is not among the cluster f ***, he is mainly responsible for of this. This, along with Godard's insane title cards that appear here and there, some are a little funny, and some are just completely stupid, and the editing segments are still in frames, And a couple moments, including an action that almost resembles Ed Wood, undermines any the potential that is in the script, which is already quite difficult to decipher. In a sense, it is interesting to observe how all this is bad, but it is a kind of hobby, when you see the reverse side of complete creative control over a kind of small plot. <br /> <br /> But let it be known: you most likely will not find a more pretentious example of American independent filmmaking this year.
