MASTER OF THE FLYING GUILLOTINE 1975 is an amazing and wonderful movie to watch. This is not because the fight is especially inspiring or because the film generally has some meaning. This is because the film is so stupid and so excessive that it is a classic of the camp - bad, but pleasantly bad. In the film, they shoot a blind guy who has a frisbee-like device on a chain that cuts off people’s heads when he skillfully throws it at his enemies! Who cares if physics is impossible or that the film depicts such stupid things as papier-mâché fighters 12 feet long or that the guy was blind! It's just a ball to watch from beginning to end - and one of my favorite "bad" movies, and I am pleased to see it with friends. <br /> <br /> Because of this film, I was impatient to see the fatal guillotines (1977), although, unfortunately, it turned out that this is not a sequel, but something like a fake - taking many ideas from the original, but neglecting make the movie as connected or watchable. Of course, this is silly entertainment, but it never comes close to the MASTER OF FLYING GUILLOTINE in terms of entertainment value. As in the original film, there are such strange flying devices that divide the heads, but they are completely different - with saw blades and an almost own mind. There is also no blind guy, but instead there are a bunch of villains who really have no depth, and the audience does not understand exactly what is happening in this dubbed in English version, because the plot is completely incomprehensible. However, at the same time, some martial arts actions are very good. Although it does not conform to the high standards of most Bruce Lee or Sonny Chiba films, the action is worth seeing, despite the ridiculous and often complicated story. <br /> <br /> In general, this film may appeal to martial arts lovers (despite this many, many, many, many flaws), but also one that others are likely to switch off or laugh hysterically instead of to enjoy the action, because the film is just ridiculous. BUT, most importantly, it will never become as funny or watchable as MASTER OF FLYING GUILLOTINE. Very bad.
