This film should be shown to film school students as an example of what NOT to do. The original kicked some big screech of tires, this terrible catastrophe violates the basic rule of Bruckheimer films, namely: we all know that they are slop, but they have a great effect. This film has no action. This movie is boring. Where are the cars? Where is the chase? Where is the voltage? Where is the unknown? Where is the rush? Where!!?? This is not a film at all, but a bad advertisement. 50 cars in 24 hours? It is not right. They have 3 days to steal them, the ad is wrong. How bad is it? Leads are hard, wooden and forced. The villain, the policeman, the rest ... who cares. They utter their meaningless lines, they serve an illogical plot. They try their best, because the director of a music video says, “Don't worry, we will make a lot of quick cuts, and no one will notice how bad the movie is,” or “we will fix it very loudly. music “Scenario” is not really a scenario at all, it looks more like a list of clichés with the ending, which is a complete break: ------- Warning - possible spoiler ------ 5 ------ 4 ----- 3 ----- 2 ----- 1 ------ Fugitive. The biggest crime of all is the underestimation of Vinnie Jones, man ... this is the coolest and coolest mofo since Jules in Pulp Fiction. And what do they do? They make him mute, which is hardly in the film! Make Winnie the main villain and he could save the film. How could they be so stupid? How? How? What for? The original film is very interesting with a cool trick at the end that takes the driver. The original has a great 40 minute chase that delivers! Go and find the original. Or, if you crave any real car chase, go for a RONIN rental. Chases in Ronin raised the bar by which all other car chases will now be judged. Did Bruckheimer and Cage have all this money, all these resources, all this experience, and they couldn’t even compare with the movie that was made 25 years ago for $ 250,000? How can it be? You feel as if you are ripped off after watching this movie. Where I once was glad to see Coyote the Ugly, Remember the Titans and Pearl Harbor, now I say: God help us all. <br /> <br />
