If the creators of Atlantis had something to say in this film, its theme was (literally) drowned out by an emphasis on “special effects” over characterization. Almost as if trying to “keep up” with the rest of the summer action films, Disney rejected the character-driven “movie with the message” approach in favor of “star wars”. with stereotypical heroes and villains. <br /> <br /> Art is a caricature, and manufacturers think that they can rely on computer-generated images (CGI) of aircraft and submarines to fill the gap. They are wrong, and the days of beautiful, hand-created animations quickly fly out of the window in favor of the CGI assembly line. <br /> <br /> This film is a sight without a soul. At times, the film becomes a good, worthy film, but it is disappointing that it misses its target so many times, refusing to talk about something significant, and instead prefers to go with brilliance. <br /> <br /> Another problem with the movie is coming. It begins to confuse, and then begins to take off along with the changeable style of editing the story, which is not appreciated. The viewer ran out the door with Milo Tetch (well voiced by Michael J. Fox) and remained to think: “Gee, there must be a lot of things that happen when we get to Atlantis.” Unfortunately, little is happening. The secret of Atlantis remains a secret, as the narrators do not know how to explain the legendary island / continent. They are afraid to say where Atlantis is, even in a fictional story. Is it in the Atlantic? Is it in the Mediterranean? Who knows? Nothing hypothesizes, even from a purely fantasy point of view. The spectator leaves the theater, asking himself: “What is this all about? What is the meaning of the film? Why the surviving Atlanteans could not remember how to read, when many of them survived the disaster before the "present" day? And why did Atlantis sink? and immediately begin to forget what they saw. There is nothing more to think or think about ... except for losing money in their wallets. <br /> <br /> Characters and their motives are equally incomprehensible. From an eccentric millionaire who founds an expedition with a seemingly large amount of money that existed on the entire planet in 1914, to a (spoiler) collective consciousness that enters Kidd and voluntarily deserts its people!?! The crew is a collection of bizarre, two-dimensional people anachronistic (in 1914) PS race and gender The demolition expert says as if he came out of the short version of Rabbit from Warner Brothers. Most of the jokes are coarse one-liners, which are mostly skipped by the audience for two reasons: they are delivered at lightning speed and are usually mumbled. It is hard to believe how these supporting players make a moral turn at the end of the film. <br /> <br /> Although we welcome Disney for trying to create animated films for adults - and this is the first Disney who doesn’t have cute talking animals or objects - it cannot make the transition. Younger children will be frightened by some of the action scenes and will be left in the dark with a lot of subtitles (when the characters speak Atlantic). In the first five minutes of the expedition, about 200 people died without thinking. Obviously, Disney thinks that if you didn't know who these people are, then why should you care? Again, the film has no feelings at any level. <br /> <br /> Mulan and Tarzan were the latest animated films made by Disney that were made very well. Unfortunately, Atlantis returns to these unsuccessful attempts in the past, such as the Black Cauldron and the Hunchback of Notre Dame. Disney has to go back to its roots. Peter Pan’s sequel will be released soon, but no one knows what the results will be until you see it yourself. And now that Disney has discovered science fiction, we can hope that they will understand that this genre should have more than a spectacle. We also hope that the future “Treasure Planet”, the science fiction adaptation of “Treasure Island” by Robert L. Stevenson, will have more hearts than the incomprehensible “Atlantis: a lost empire”.
