I thought that “What's new, Scooby-Doo” was pretty bad (yes, I’m sorry I didn’t like it), since Hanna-Barber didn’t produce it, and it moved away from the old series. When I heard that “Shaggy and Scooby-Doo get the hint” is getting ready, I thought that this could be better. But when I saw a picture of Scooby and Shaggy, I realized that this show would be bad, if not worse. I watched a few episodes, and believe me, this is just another "Teen Titans" or "Loonatics Unleashed" - a copycat. Scooby and Shaggy no longer go against people in masks of cool, creepy monsters robbing banks. Now they pursue a typical supervillain who wants to destroy the world. Shaggy and Scooby-Doo have also become more daring. In addition, since Shaggy will NOT be a vegetarian in this series, Casey Kasem (who is actually a vegetarian), Shaggy's original voice will NOT sound Shaggy. He will be voicing Shaggy only if he does not eat meat, and it was just a stupid corporate change to update the franchise, as if Internet jokes were not enough. So Scott Menville (who previously voiced Red Herring in “A Puppy Called Scooby-Doo”) is voiced by Shaggy here. Believe me, the voice is REALLY BAD! This makes Shaggy sound like a squeaky 10-year-old, and I have to agree that his voice definitely matches his new ugly look. Nonetheless, Kasem REALLY voices Uncle Shaggy Albert, which is a kind of good thing. Scooby Doo, on the other hand, does not look very good. It seems he was designed to be more like CGI Scooby-Doo from live action movies. In addition, the voice of Frank Welker Scooby (should I mention Brain Dog again?) Has not yet improved. Robie, the robot butler, is almost as bad as Scruppy-Doo! He tries to be funny, makes "comical" impressions and gives safety tips ("Remember the children, don't stand under the trees during a thunderstorm!"), But it just doesn’t fit into Scooby-Doo cartoon. Again, the Hanna-Barber sound effects are rarely used here. However, in one episode, “Lightning Strikes Twice,” they use the thunderbolts of “Thunder of the Castle” during this, almost widely! (Although they still use the sound effects of thunder just recorded.) Scooby-Doo has not been using the sound effects of "Cascade of Thunder" since 1991. But my question is: why use "Thunder Lock" on "Shaggy and Scooby- Doo to get a hint," for now DO NOT use it in movies with live video or even in "What's new, Scooby-Doo!" (Two episodes of WNSD used that, and that, unfortunately, was not enough.) If the WNSD and DTV films used this, they could be better than this crappy cartoon. On the day of the premiere of this show, I watched the first episode, and it was so bad that I turned it off in just five minutes! To get away from this bad show, I rented "Scooby-Doo, Pirates, Ahoy!" which came out around the same time. And you know what? The film “Pirates of Ahoy” was actually BETTER than “Shaggy and Scooby-Doo Get a Clue” (and even better than “What's new, Scooby-Doo!”). And it seems that the new designs that the characters have are not permanent for the franchise. Fortunately, the films for the direct video that are released during this show use the design of ordinary characters. But, whether you loved or hated “What's new, Scooby-Doo,” I do not recommend it. But if you HATE the old series, THEN you will like it! (Oh my God, I hope that the old cartoon Scooby-Doo will stay better than this new $ # *%!) In any case, like WNSD, a really bad addition to Scooby's canon.
