Scooby-Doo is undoubtedly one of the easiest, most successful and favorite cartoon characters in the world. So, what happens when you were everywhere and did everything according to the formula? Do you turn it on correctly? Wrong. You stop production and leave it for ten years or so, and then start it again, while maintaining the foundation of success. That is, stick to the formula for the most part, but add to it your special taste. For me, this is why “What’s new Scooby-Doo” worked, they want to return to the classic Scooby-Doo formula, which only successfully surfaced a decade earlier in “Puppy called Scooby-Doo”, but for the most part was not used with the moment of appearance of the original. "Scooby Doo, where are you." <br /> <br /> The first sign (for me) of a weak sentence is the inclusion of extraneous characters; There may be some pleasant memories of past iterations, but as a rule, if you think Scooby-Doo, you don’t think about Movie-Flame, Skrappi-Doo or Scooby-Dum. Worse, the exclusion of the other main members of Mystery Inc usually indicates a group of producers who do not understand from the children's point of view how the show works. The main premise has always been a group of people who are diametrically opposed, gathering together and through their individual, stereotypical qualities manage to overcome the tasks set before us. <br /> <br /> This next paragraph is just my theorizing, so skip if you want: I hope I can explain why I think that messing with the main elements of the show is detrimental to my interpretation of what a gang is and how they contribute to the general; Fred represents the Driver, I think that on the whole, Fred's goal is to give direction to the group, organization and subtasks. Fred is not a careless teenager, he is your boss, your teacher, your dad, your authority figure. Fred moves without hesitation and is guided by tasks (the problem is always equal to the solution for Fred). In many ways, Fred is the opposite of Shaggy. Shaggy is your best friend, that guy who is a little more afraid of things than you, he allows you to be brave, not to be in the back of your head. Shaggy represents emotion and often demonstrates emotional extremes from rapture to fear. Velma represents rational thought, she applies logic, but, as we see on the show over and over, she needs clues, which are mostly gathered into pieces by other show participants. Left alone, Velma will solve the mystery? The group often finds itself in situations where the truths are not obvious, and only through random encounters do they receive the necessary information to accomplish their task, is chance represented by Daphne. At some point (I think this is the first episode about Scooby-Doo), it was known as “endangered”. The authors used Daphne to link unrelated events together through chance. She is often the one who finds a secret door, a collection of items, or some other detail that can help the gang tie evidence together. Finally, Scooby himself represents us, the participant. He is always in the center of events, capable of anything that other members of the gang are capable of, but at the same time he is disabled, because he is not a person, and, like us, the viewer cannot really participate. Scooby-Doo works because all these personalized elements of problem solving are immediately recognizable and interesting. <br /> <br /> I may think too much, but in my life I have seen a lot of Scooby-Doo (I was 30 years old). summer self-proclaimed nerd, he kinda rides from the territory). For me, there is magic with the classic Scooby Doo formula that you should never mix with. <br /> <br /> As noted by many; Scooby-Doo is not a great work of art and is not completely trivial; it falls into the programming category that young people can watch over a hearty bowl of breakfast cereal. Mixing with coarse simplicity turns it into something else, something less.
