Darcy and her little daughter Pamela are sent to the country where her mom's boyfriend Peter left his doctor's position in the city to become a writer and tidy up the hotel with breakfast. Although this hotel has a terrible past, and Pamela learns from a girl who lives in the city that the once deformed witch lives in this house. They called her the "Tooth Fairy," as she killed the children after they had the last baby tooth. This work on the tavern awakened the Tooth Fairy. Now she has her sights on Pamela and her last baby tooth, but if someone gets in the way, they will face the same fate that awaits Pamela. <br /> <br /> The old folk myth of the Tooth Fairy of this film will not work. draw it in a very generous way, as you would believe when you were a kid. Don't they like to turn happy childhood memories into nightmares! Another one that really fell into the same category was “Falls of Darkness (2003)”. I cannot compare how similar they are in the rooms, because I have not seen the latter, but I basically read that they basically share the same idea. For a small direct DVD movie, this DTV effort looks good and has some promising images surrounding the meaningless and traditional book storyline. We need low expectations, since I would not attribute this to success, but I found it to be slightly entertaining. <br /> <br /> The story of Corey Corey and Stride and Kay Ray Brown for the Tooth Fairy character is completely naked, leaning more towards the slash than towards something supernatural. Stupid is a good way to describe what happens in this poorly written story, but in reality it never seems like a fairytale horror. Dialogues may seem unnecessary and morally persecuted. While the action simply does not correspond to the normal characters with whom they have to work, but director Chuck Bowman offers some ingenious splashes of blood and terribly unpleasant shocks. This kind of compensates for the lack of expectation, zero scares and a general tone. His direction is quite serious and visually capable, where he gets a bit of atmospheric lighting, contrasting with his smooth photo. A promising starting scene is very effective. His rhythm can be slowed down piece by piece, and a strange and unnecessary slow scene is inserted, but, nevertheless, it never gets too boring with something active, happening, which allowed me not to get bored. <br /> <br /> Cosmetics are attached to the special effects, as there is enough disgusting porridge, and the appearance of the Tooth Fairy is especially sticky. The figure of the tooth Fairy can look threatening in her black coat, bubbling make-up and quick movements. Being on the spot helps create a more natural feel and can become atmosphericly rich in terms of a sense of eeriness. Child actors can be incredibly annoying, but Nicole Munoz was a decent one. Lochlin Munro and Chandra West are somewhat respectable, but may be too causal in their speeches, like Peter and Darcy. Brilliant Carrie Ann Fleming is one of their guests. PJ Soles in a small part appears as a superstitious neighbor who tries to warn them about the evil that is hiding in the hotel. <br /> <br /> I thought it was a good waste of time, which has a sound concept that is simply not specific enough, and the execution is just a textbook. Observed nonsense, but at the same time extremely forgotten.
