The tooth fairy is located in a small town somewhere in Northern California, where Peter Campbell (Laughlin Munro) brought farm property, which he is restoring and plans to turn into a holiday hotel, joined by his girlfriend Darcy Wagner (Chandra West) and her young 12 Pamela's summer daughter (Nicole Munoz), who comes to help for the weekend. Looking around the property, Pamela meets another young girl named Emma (Janna Ballard), who warns her that evil is hiding in her new home, she tells the story of an evil old witch known as the Tooth Fairy, who takes milk teeth from children then kills them, Pamela worries and becomes even more so when she falls off the bike, and she drops her last baby tooth, shortly before the evil ghost of the Tooth Fairy sees Pamela's tooth, and for the blows she also decides to kill anyone she came across ... <br /> <br /> Directed by Chuck Bowman I thought The Tooth Fairy is just another meager horror film with a low budget that cannot distinguish itself from many others that litter the shelves of video stores and fill out unclear cable television schedules late in the evening basically it is not very good. Scenario producer Stephen J. Cannell, Corey Strode & Cookie Rae Brown is a full-fledged stupid festival for the first 40 or so minutes, nothing much happens during this period, and basically this is a boring exposure, as if this material is going to surprise someone or. He introduces the character, sets the legend of the Tooth Fairy and that's it. The second half of the film improves a little, but even then it is hardly an exciting thing, there are a few decent scenes, but other than that it’s all very predictable and forgettable things. The character is not great, and most of them are just to kill them, there are inconsistencies in this story, such as the story of the Tooth Fairy itself, which says that it kills children after they give it their baby teeth, Why does she continue to kill indiscriminately, which has nothing to do with her teeth? What happened to her after the prologue in 1949? Why did she come back as a ghost? Despite the fact that she is a ghost in some way, it seems to her that she is very human, she has to open doors and use weapons to kill people, but there are no attempts to use any supernatural elements other than ghostly children who are played for maximum mood . <br /> <br /> With Director Bowman, everything is in order, everything is done quite well, there are a couple of half decent scenes, but nothing pleases. There is nothing here that I would describe as frightening or atmospheric, and do not pay attention to the comparison between this and “Falls of Darkness” (2003), because, apart from the teeth, they are completely different. With blood, everything is in order, someone is being pushed into wood chips, there is a beheading, someone is chopped off the penis, and the best scene is when someone is nailed to the door, and then they open the belly with an ax and slide along the guts. <br /> <br /> With an estimated budget of about $ 1,500,000, the Tooth Fairy is usually well made, but there’s nothing special about it. Acting is not so great, but it’s not so bad, and I don’t find child actors so annoying, so I suppose so. <br /> <br /> Tooth Fairy is an ordinary low-budget modern piece. a live horror movie that seems to be everywhere today, if you can find a cheap copy, then it can take more than 90 minutes, if you are not too demanding, otherwise it’s pretty poor and easily forgotten things.
