I should have known when I looked at the box in the video store and saw Lisa Ray - for me she is a woman Ernie Hudson AKA "Le Kiss of Death" for the film "ANY." A film almost * guaranteed * will be bad (for example, the Congo) if Hudson is in it (with the exception of Ghostbusters films that were deliberately indecent and bad). Despite my instincts and the fact that I just saw Civil Brand, another cinematic "Tour de Force" with Lisa Ray in the lead role, I still shot it. In the end, I ignored my “Hudson's instinct” on OZ and eventually watched a very high-quality series, so I decided that I would give this film a chance. <br /> <br /> If you are a fan of bad movies, this is definitely a must see! This should be the most unintentionally funny film I've seen lately. The plot is pretty simple: Sister Rachel (Monica Calhoun) is murdered by a group of robbers (led by Bobby Brown!), And, like many other militants before that, she clips to the weapon ONE LAST TIME and swears to avenge the death of her sisters. To do this, she collects a titular "Gang of Roses" (presumably based on a real story about a female gang), and they go out and demand revenge, and, along the way, there is some sort of subplot or something else about some gold. which can be buried in the city. One good thing I’ll say about this movie is that, as far as I can tell, the stars were rolling themselves, and they looked like a big gallop. <br /> <br /> The funniest (involuntarily funny) scenes? Look for when they introduce Stacy Dash’s character or when Calhoun’s character cancels her oath not to fasten a weapon (replete with a compressed fist scream to heaven) or Lil Kim’s character jokes with Liza Ray’s character or Stacy Dash’s character is killed or Lil «Kim’s character convinces Liza Rey’s character to reunite with a gang, or an Asian chick or a Macy Gray character talking about duty ”, etc. With the exception of Reichal Calhoun and Bobby Brown's left eye, I can't even remember the names of the other characters because I was laughing so hard when they were introduced. <br /> <br /> If the director went to a parody and a wide comedy, it would be a great movie. Unfortunately, he is trying to take it seriously, seemingly without first taking the exposure, sound design (in his defense, as you know, hip-hop is difficult to turn into a play of the period), set design, scriptwriting or historical research of the period (it was me or were these the purest people with white teeth in the old west?) seriously. Usually, when I watch a movie that is not so good, I ask myself: “Could you be better?” This is the first time in a long time when the answer is a definite “YES!”
