Why would anyone want to see it ?! If it was a movie published on YouTube by a teenager, I would praise the teenager for what he did so much with his mom's video camera. I could also congratulate his family and friends for their good work. Unfortunately, this was done by a very experienced director, and these were, apparently, professional actors - which makes this film very, very sad. Sad ... and very sorry, actually. As I said, it has a certain relationship to the video. It also has a narration and actions that just shout "non-professionals" - how could this be ?! The film is filled with many corpses and blood. Usually it turns me off completely, since I hate ultraviolet films and don’t like to watch all this blood. However, given that none of this is realistic, it is tolerable. However, I must warn you that there are several scenes that are still quite disturbing. For example, a scene with a child who throws a radio into a woman’s bath and looks at it naked and hot is rather bad. There are also scenes where you can hear thoughts about psychos when they fantasize about killing women. With the level of misogyny, it's pretty awful. the people who wrote it are quite sick — like killing women, meant for our amusement. <br /> <br /> After a lot of senseless killings, the film goes to the table in the dining room - around which there are a bunch of dumb balls in black hoods WITHOUT eye holes! They speak with pride of all the killings they have committed and repeat them. It's all very funny, although I'm not sure that this was the purpose of the scene. <br /> <br /> The film then covers various sexual offenses and murders, as well as vampirism and cannibalism. Why, I do not know - perhaps because they, people, did it, lost such nonsense. And, again, you see and hear the thoughts and actions of a creepy person looking in German when he hunts people down and kills them. <br /> <br /> By the way, considering that the film was used, I must assume that Professional actors, I wondered why so many people were chosen who were clearly Germans. While they were trying to behave like Americans, and the film was supposed to be in California, the accents are STRONG. Perhaps the German audience watched it and wondered how “realistic” the game was, but for any American it is obvious that these people are not their fellow citizens! Given that the killer of the zodiac was actually (which was never caught), I wonder why someone would want to make a kind of “fan movie” for a sick threat ?! I mean ... was this movie meant for perverts? I just don't see anyone else wanting to see it or enjoy it. Actually, I wonder what would make someone make such a stupid And abusive film ?! It is useless and worthy to be in the list of the top 100 IMDb.
