Well, as Goethe once said, there really is no point in trying to make a negative judgment, which tends to be objective in relation to "that which had a huge impact." La Maman et La Putain undoubtedly went down in history as an influence on most of what has been done in France and in other countries over the past thirty years, and no one, of course, is interested in the history of the film; . However, in order to express a purely subjective judgment, I feel compelled to disagree with almost all the other reviews posted here, and to tell people: “Don't watch this; it is a waste of time because of which you feel quite sick and angry. "And by that I do not mean" sick and evil "about the" human condition "or about something as general and deep as this, because that it was precisely this line that most critics took in their commendable praise of the film - “the test” to see in their ruthless dismemberment of our emotional cowardice and cruelty ”and so on - and if he really manages to convey universally or even a widely significant message of this kind, the director will weigh I have reason to be pleased with himself, no matter how pessimistic nor were his conclusions. My claim to the film is rather that I do not consider this long record of empty vanity and petty betrayal justified or justified by any GENERAL relevant message at all. All three main characters are people who are extremely unattractive from a moral point of view: Alexander, of course, most of all, because we see most of him, and because he rarely turns off for more than thirty seconds; Marie, perhaps to a lesser extent, because we see the least of her. Alexander's irritated and pretentious monologues certainly have some value for entertainment, but entertainment becomes weaker when it becomes clearer to understand that Jean-Pierre Leo most likely does not even work and that, with absurd remarks, such as “un homme "Bo Com and the film" Nicholas Ray ", he really just reproduced the verbatim opinions that were recognized as genuine and deep in the environment in which he and the director Evstahem lived by that time for about ten years about making the film. I believe that if the tone of relentless superficiality and triviality were sustained throughout 100% of the film, it could work as a long sardonic comedy about a particularly petty, useless and contemptible environment after the '68 year. However, this viewer is at least very angry with the director because he provided Alexander and Veronica with at least one long scene in which we clearly have to empathize and feel them as if they shared with us a moral universe, a man will be able to live life in an apartment and declare his love for one woman, sleep (mostly in this same apartment) on the other and run around Paris, offering marriage to another third, I suppose I wish him good luck in the world food, which he chose for himself. What I cannot, however, honestly do, is even for a moment to listen to his monologues in which he speaks of his “anxiety” and “despair”. The same thing doubles for even more disgusting Veronica, who is shown to us drunk in an apartment and even on a bed that Marie and Alexander share, and behave there with a childish incoherence, equivalent to the wildest and most heartless cruelty. As I said, if “La Maman et La Putain” is intended to be nothing more than a portrait of Alexander, Veronica and Maria, three people whom any, even half decent people, will never allow their company speaking about my home, I believe that there is some legitimacy in praising the director for "steadfastness" (although for some reason you even need to feel "trembling" when someone consciously decided to create such completely repulsive characters, which can be cinematically observed, I can not imagine it). The problem, however, is that the director is clearly convinced - and, it seems, he managed to convince generations of critics - that Alexander, Veronica and Marie somehow represent people in general and limit people's emotional abilities. This latter idea, however, is meaningless and offensive nonsense. Indeed, in human relationships in general and sexual relationships in particular, error and propensity for tragedy may be inherent. But the nature and extent of this error susceptibility and the propensity for tragedy can only be determined by people who make sincere and serious efforts to make such relationships work. Of course, no cinematographic or copyright genius is needed to convey to us the information that a man who behaves like Alexander will eventually become hateful, unhappy and lonely, or that women who insist on expecting love from A man like Alexander will end up disappointed and bitter. See "La Maman et La Putain" if you are historically interested in what was said about culture and human interaction in a particular Parisian environment after '68, which, unfortunately, was not limited to just a few particularly antisocial types like this, but please do not make the mistake of believing that what is written here has any general meaning for humanity in the sense in which it could be argued that the film by Jean Renoir or Martin Scorsese.
