This is easily the worst movie I've ever seen. I'm not exaggerating, I told the Blockbuster guy that they should take it off the shelves. In this film, only the box is interesting. The box says "from director Bugimen", so I decided ... whatever, if it was done recently, I am sure that at least the direction will not be TOO bad, but after I saw the movie and looked at what kind of "pugalka" they were talking about, it's kind of nonsense from the early 1980s, which he did. A great way to tie unsuspecting viewers. <br /> <br /> In any case, I think they just liked the name "Zodiac Killer" and they did not bother to investigate any crimes of the Zodiac, its MO or even the years when it was active. All the crimes they are talking about have nothing to do with the zodiac, and the “stories” about the original zodiac occur several years after the crimes of the zodiac actually occurred. They also compare Zodiac with Dusseldorf’s Vampire Fritz Haarman throughout the film and often talk to Fritz’s “son”. Zodiac and Haarman were not similar, and it makes more sense to compare it with BTK, which also shot at people, and not with the person who killed people, chewing their necks. None of the Haarman facts are true either, just a bunch of nonsense nonsense. His son even says: "Do not forget, his name was Fritz Haarman with 2 tons." His real name has only one! I think the writer / director just scored serial killers on Google, and the fastest of them were Zodiac Killer and Fritz Haarman. “Oh, that sounds like cool names, let's make a movie about them without any external research! Great idea! ”Perhaps my favorite discrepancy in this film is how the experts, as well as the young killer, describe the suffering from DSM-IV and cure it. “I was also diagnosed with DSM-IV, and since then I have recovered”, etc. For those of you who do not know, DSM-IV is a psychological tool for mental disorders. If someone suffers from the book itself, then it must have serious problems! Haha <br /> <br /> In any case, my point of view is that it is at the bottom of my top 5 worst films of all time, and rarely does a movie reach that point. But if you are interested in watching a completely non-factual story about serial killers, which turns out to be nothing more than boring, full of inexperienced actors and not entirely rational, I would say, watch this movie. <br /> <br /> ... Oh, and I liked how the killer "tears" several of his victims with dry ice. Nice touch ...
