Well, I'll start with some good moments. The film lasted only 86 minutes, and some of them were so bad that they were funny. Now about low scores. My first warning sign was a real “warning” about the film. When it began, the following “warning” appeared: “The film you are about to see contains graphic and disturbing images. Because, despite popular belief, murder is neither fun, beautiful, nor romantic. ” I had to save 86 minutes and turn it off. The first words of the film were: “I’m at a glue factory.” Some guy was talking on the phone, and he called the nursing home a glue factory. I do not know why. Thus, the basis of the film - some child is obsessed with the killer of the zodiac and begins to imitate him. The budget of this film was at least $ 50, and they had to use the cheapest cameras they could find. The game was worse than I read directly from the script. That's how they looked. The script was terrible, and the big “twist” was that this guy who wrote a biography about the killer of the zodiac was actually the killer of the zodiac. Of course, they tried to show it subtly, but they did it quite obviously within the first 10 minutes. Without any more painful details of the plot, there were some horrible moments of the film. They are trying to force the killer Zodiac to compare themselves with the “army of one” because the soldiers are really just killers. Then they tried to make an "Adoration of Satan" attempt, showing at the meeting some guys in black hoods. The great “computer hacker” was able to get this child’s address when someone gave him the child’s name and phone number. For some reason, he had to hack the FBI to find out someone’s address. I'm not sure why he didn't just look in the phone book or use whitepages.com. There was also an occasional allusion to 9/11 for no reason. I also learned that no matter where you are shot, blood will flow out of your mouth in a few seconds. <br /> <br /> So, if you like a really bad game, scenarios below nominal, bad camera work and an obvious plot, you will love the killer of the zodiac!
