First of all, I would like to point out that the reason why I gave this film 1 star out of 10 is that there is no way to give it NO stars! it's really so bad! I never wanted to watch this movie after seeing an advertisement for it, in the end I only saw it by chance, because some of my friends had tickets, and I had one spare, so I went with them. Before I saw it, I had a pretty good idea that it would not be brilliant - the parcel seemed too stupid and stupid for something good to come out of it, but in my heart I thought, “but there must be something This is good for UMA THURMAN and Luke Wilson for the film ... “It’s not that I think any of them are especially stunning, but they are big-name stars who usually only make films that will enhance their reputation. However, after about 10-20 minutes, I realized that the film probably turned out to be worse than I expected. I was shocked at how horrible the script was. It really didn’t allow the actors to work ANYTHING, so much so that they really looked like they didn’t know what they were doing (especially Luke Wilson). The story was completely predictable - if you saw the ad, then you pretty much saw the movie! And there was nothing original about it - it was largely borrowed from every “superhero” story that would ever be acceptable if the film were set up as a satire of this genre, but alas, it is not. The direction seemed realistic. I got the impression that the director wanted the film to look absolutely realistic, not satirical, and yet there were some moments in the film that were so incredibly unreal that it would work if it were a satire. At some point in the film, the two characters seem to die, and one of the surviving characters has a line like "Oh, good, she's dead ... it's time to move on," and he says it in such a stupid voice that it is not makes no sense. After about 40 minutes, I found that I was checking my watch to see how much longer I would have to sit. And then I was struck ... I began to think: “I wonder if the studio made this picture as a test, to see if they can make the worst film they ever made, and still attract a large audience ...” could not think of any other reason why this film would be made. For the films that will be made today, the script goes to a massive selection process, and very few scenarios really reach the production stage ... I can't understand how this one went through the first draft stage ... In the end, and, Strange, Lee's silly climax, I laughed heartily - just not what the directors wanted me to laugh about, but how ridiculous and stupid the film was. Thank God, I didn't have to pay money to see it ... because it would really annoy me !!! Oh, and can I just add that of the two Wilson brothers, I always preferred Luke, because I think he is the best, more versatile actor ... but if he wants to step further into the shadow of ARIES, then this is definitely the way to do this ... I doubt that he will get a lot more job offers after this shitty spending 2 hours !!! and remember, he got a generous 1/10, because I couldn't choose 0!
