It’s easy to see how this below-average script was obtained at early meetings on promotion at Regency Films (and later at Fox): cross the superhero genre with the comedy film “Fatal Attraction” ... voila! I don’t know why such a talented director as Ivan Reitman intervened, unless the salary was too tempting. An unrelated employee at an architectural and design firm in New York. meets a girl on the subway and takes her outside; despite being distracted and unpleasant, he eventually sits her in bed - only to find out, later she is the big resident big apple, G-Girl. This superman-superman, possessing the abilities that a fallen meteorite endowed her with, is not a fantastic heroine, however ... screenwriter Don Payne thought she was a needy, possessive, vengeful bitch (although he cables it for us for many miles) Uma Thurman still plays this role for cheeky laughter). This is a useless film that cannot bypass an insult. Our acquaintance with lead man Luke Wilson, talking to Rein Wilson on the train, is accompanied by a sour spear over gays (this leads us to be sure that these two friends are exclusively ladies' men). After appealing to Nemesis, G-Girl, who wants to kill her strength, Wilson is told that this will make her just an ordinary woman despised ... and isn't that better? Thurman’s early performances in films such as Henry and June and Jennifer 8 showed a smart woman with angular grace and hypnotic balance; her films with Quentin Tarantino helped show her graceful hardness and intensity, but it was expensive (the actress seemed to have lost her graceful touch). The picture is very well done and shot with expensive-looking special effects, but no one bothered to find humor in this scenario. It is energetic, vicious, ugly and ill-disposed. Swollen, cold-faced, Wilson cannot say to any of his employees that he is dating G-Girl because she made him swear that he would prefer a chainsaw to be stuck in the rectum. I wonder if writer Payne really thought it was fun ... or did some of the participants really? * from ****
