Matt Saunders (Luke Wilson) thinks he found the perfect woman in Jenny Johnson (Uma Thurman), who looks like a quiet but beautiful woman, although he soon learns that she is needy and possessive, oh, and she is also a superhero G-Girl though you don't know about it because of what she does with Matt after he goes crazy and breaks up with her. <br /> <br /> A promising premise has been destroyed by a mediocre execution. My super ex-girlfriend is still a pleasant comedy, but she relies too much on cheap sex jokes and as a result becomes an unforgettable experience. Something went wrong? The cast and the director could not overcome the weakness of the script, and I did not like how they played it. I expected the guy to be a jerk, and it could be a female fantasy film of revenge. However, they made the guy enjoyable and made the superhero a psycho. It was not very fresh, and after about forty minutes the film faded away. Of course, there were a few funny lines, but the weak middle and terrible finale did not allow him to really break out. <br /> <br /> Director Ivan Reitman has lost touch. After a successful run in the eighties and early nineties, he started doing shit like Evolution and Father's Day. I would not say that “My super ex-girlfriend” is a complete collapse, but I don’t give him credit for the quality of the film, which is not so much. Don Payne did a terrible job with the script. Most of the jokes were lame, and most of the minor characters were just one note. He also continued to repeat the same jokes many times, which at times made this thing really tiresome. <br /> <br /> Several actors were good enough to save the film. Uma Thurman was gorgeous, like the G-Girl, and she had a lot of funny lines. Luke Wilson was a little pale and not very interesting. I do not think what he does for an attractive lead man, and he is better in a supporting role as in Family Stone. Anna Faris was just doing her horror movie routine, and she’s getting a little older. She needs a challenge or at least some of the best scenarios. Wanda Sykes either hit or missed for me. She was good at Monster-in-Law and did not work well at Clerks 2. Here she is just annoying and brings nothing to the film. Eddie Izzard was fine, nothing special. Rain Wilson was just annoying and not funny. Overall, I was disappointed with the film. It was not terrible, but he had so much potential, and the end result was just average. Rating 5/10
