SEVEN PUNDS: EMOTIONALLY BAD, UNUSUAL, INTERNAL VIOLATION <br /> <br /> The film was distributed in Italy as “Seven Souls”. I was curious about the original name, and after some research I discovered that it refers to the Shakespeare Venetian merchant, where the usurer Shylock links him with merchant Antonio, who will have to give him a "pound" of his flesh if he is not able to repay his debt. While the Italian translation makes Ben’s plan something deeply human, characterized by human sympathy, the initial one, albeit sufficiently developed so that no one can perceive it, turns it, simply in relation to the flesh, into something cold, rational, deeply rooted in physical side of man. Unfortunately, I think the real quality of Ben’s plan is revealed in the original title: it’s a cold scam aimed at “donating” parts of his body, but without genuine human empathy, at least the audience is not given a chance to see or feel any pure shower attitude throughout the entire movie. The only exception is a love story with a girl who seems to be a kind of unprogrammed incident that Ben concedes to, but is unable to convey true emotional involvement. I really didn’t like the idea behind the film: the idea that a man, no matter how absorbed in pain for the death of his lover and other people he himself caused, makes the decisive decision to eradicate his sense of guilt in suicide: besides That is unbelievable, it does not make sense. I would have liked it, and I think it would be more positive if, in the end, Ben decided to abandon the idea of ​​suicide and continue living, thereby helping the same people, and maybe many, just to stand next to them. and helping them in his presence. Of course, he would not have saved their lives miraculously: it would probably cause more suffering, but I think it could be more constructive from a human and moral point of view. There are many illogical and disturbing things: the initial mention of God's creation in seven days (which, by the way, according to the Bible, is six!): What does this mean? What about a woman suffering from cardiovascular diseases, which prevents her from running and even singing without feeling bad, who can have normal sex with a man who, feeling how it should be, is destroyed by the death of his wife and donated organs and parts his bodies do not seem to feel as much emotionally or physically because of his weakened state? The film is preserved thanks to a good game, and everything else is nonsense not only from a logical, but also from a human and emotional point of view.
