Contains spoilers. <br /> <br /> British director J. Lee Thompson made some great films, notably Ice Cold in Alex and Cape Fear, but Country Dance is one of his more interesting proposals. The story unfolds among the upper classes of rural Scotland and describes the strange triangular relationship between Sir Charles Ferguson, an eccentric aristocratic landowner, his sister Hilary and alienated husband Hilary Douglas, who hopes to reconcile with her. We learn that during his career as an army officer, Charles was considered "nervous". It looked like it was an accurate diagnosis of his condition; throughout the film, he demonstrates dismal disappointment in the world, and Hilary and his bottle of whiskey seem to be his main sources of emotional support. The film ends with its dispatch to the highest-grade insane asylum. <br /> <br /> Peter O'Toole was when he was at his best, as in “Lawrence of Arabia”, one of the leading British actors, but the quality of his work was very uneven, and “Country Dance” is not one from his best movies. He feverishly replays, turning Charles into a caricature of a useless inbred aristocrat, as if he was trying to play a role in Monty Python’s sketch of “Twitter of the Highest Class”. Suzanne York in the role of Hilary and Michael Craig in the role of Douglas is somewhat better, but in the film there is no truly outstanding acting performance. There is also little in the way of a consistent plot, with the exception of the story of the inexorable downward descent of Charles. <br /> <br /> However, the main problem of the film is not an actor’s game or a plot, but rather a Theme that does not dare to pronounce its name. There are hesitant hints of the incestuous relationship between Charles and Hilary, or at least the incestuous inclination towards her on his part, and that his dislike of Douglas is motivated by sexual jealousy. Unfortunately, even in the sixties and in the early seventies (the film’s date is differently stated either in 1969 or in 1970) there was a restriction on what the British Film Censorship Council wanted to allow, and a film with a clearly incestuous theme. was definitely banned. (The American name for the film was “Fraternal Love”, but it was not used in Britain; was it too suggestive for a BBFC lover?) Therefore these hints never develop, and we never know what motivates Charles or what caused him moral collapse, resulting in a hollow film with a hole in the center. 4/10
