If you rent a movie called “Exterminators of the 3000th year”, then the probability that you will understand yourself is high. I myself was sold with promising descriptions of “nuclear mutants,” “motor psychos,” and, of course, the “fighters” themselves, who, according to the back of the case, are all jumping around post-apocalyptic infertility. The wastelands sow all sorts of unrest. Let the stupid jokes and low-budget dough begin - at least those were my hopes for this “film”. <br /> <br /> Now I like the occasional horrible movie, and if you read the comments on The Fighters, 3000, you probably are. At the same time, I rated this film as “1 (terrible)” - not because I completely hated the film, but because it was one of the most legitimate and terrible attempts at making a film that I had ever seen. Dialogue, acting, cinematography, sound editing, editing in general, plot, and so on. D. And so on. D. And so on. D. All this is worthy of what should certainly be low expectations of the audience, given this amazing name. . <Br /> <br /> So what's really good about this bad movie? It has several of what my circle affectionately calls "quality kills." Qualitative killing for those few of you who are not familiar with this phrase is not a difficult and quick term, but generally refers to a person killed in a particularly horrible, creative or ridiculous way. <br /> <br /> Fighters of the year 3000 also have a fair amount of “dialogue-so-bad-it-becomes-ridiculous”, provided largely by the Crazy Bull, aptly named leader of the ill-fated gang of psycho-psychologists - which, by the way, also provides most of the quality killings (if you are hoping for big things from nuclear mutants, think again, they play almost zero role in the film ... nonsense!). The Crazy Bull, however, is all you could ask for in moto psi. Shakespeare's paraphrasing and strange PG-style insults are all he knows how to say ... and this is amazing. <br /> <br /> However, despite the quality killings and the poor dialogue, if you are looking for a really interesting bad movie “Fighters of the 3000th year” is somewhat disappointing that its draw, limited to such things as stupid and outdated special effects, high-quality killing and poor dialogue are simply not enough to justify the full length of the film, mainly due to forty minutes. or so, in which viewers are forced to follow characters in protracted and boring car chases and long episodes of trekking in the desert ... In general, a pretty good horrible movie, but hey, this is not Death Race 2000.
