Jeffrey Combs is a mad scientist whose stem cell research has transformed into the devilish scheme for creating a humanoid life form of a hybrid hammerhead shark, hoping to breed a completely new look using the womb of Hunter Tilo. It won't be easy, because Tile is a cool guy, and her boyfriend, William Forsyth, is not going to leave her without a fight. <br /> <br /> You see, Tilo and Forsythe are two business executives Arthur. Roberts employees, brilliant minds who meet Combs (... a scientist who once worked for Roberts, and whose vacant post was taken over by Tilo) in his island fortress, where he conducts his research and experiments. This island gives him the opportunity to recruit new victims for his work and "son." They think that this is a professional matter in relation to a breakthrough in stem cell research, which can lead to a cure for various diseases. Combs' son died of kidney cancer when he decided to spend his insane science on him, creating this bloodthirsty flesh-eating creature that can swim and walk overland (although at first the hammer’s head could only remain outdoors for short periods of time) . Tylo met with the son of Combs, therefore, this relationship, in addition to the fact that they worked for Roberts, who leads his trophy wife, Maria Ignatova. Tylo and Forsyth, Roberts and Ignatova, their colleagues, Elise Muller and G. R. Johnson The crests trap them in the conference room, but they can escape to the island because he sends his well-paid mercenaries and his hammer-shark son to them. <br /> <br /> Similar to the features of a science-fiction type channel being of this type. , Hammerhead: Shark Frenzy has rather unattractive computer effects, and attacks (... where a shark breaks limbs) are filmed in a fast editable, frantic camera format where it is difficult for you to ever see any subsequent bloodbath, You have a vague the idea that a person is eaten (torn to shreds), but the attacks themselves are very chaotic, which, in truth, is rather annoying. The monster itself is never fully visible, only fleeting glimpses of the eyes or part of the body gnawed when the victim screams in horror. One thing is certain, you see your teeth. We get cgi shots of a hammerhead shark swimming toward the screen, all menacing, ready to feast on the flesh. Constant is when (... and after) victims are attacked, we see how much blood and pieces of flesh float to the surface of the water (... this is really the main signal of director Michael Oblovits to tell the viewer that those who are torn apart goners). <br /> <br /> Combs do not open up new horizons as a scientist, but he always had the ability to convey a quiet madness with this cold-blooded decision. It's funny to see Forsyth in the rare heroic role of a hero, very much against the typical as an electronics wizard (... to his credit, he actually copes with this), which should take the lead when a group faces unprecedented danger. Tylo also plays a completely different role, a scientist who can protect himself well enough. Roberts can play the role of a millionaire businessman in a dream, and it's very nice to see him shoot a machine gun at Combs soldiers (although his fate is not pleasant). It is worth mentioning that it was very interesting to watch Forit and Tilo knock down hired comons with confiscated guns. As expected, the script allows those who created the killer villain to expose themselves to unnecessary danger simply so that they can pay for their sins ... I mean, seriously, could these people have consciously left themselves so vulnerable to attack Seeing how much damage the human anatomy can do? Beautiful exotic setting - a rather nice background.
