Where the hell are all these uncharted islands, where prehistoric monsters are hiding, evil doctors are conducting their experiments, crazy people are holding a karate championship, and rich people are hunting people for sports? I had no idea that there are still so many uncharted islands, but if you take into account the number of films that use one of these mysterious islands as a place, you will have to assume that there are at least 50 such suckers there It always turns out to be damn convenient, and I immediately deduct points from any movie that uses this beaten device. Hammerhead is the story of a mad scientist who is conducting experiments on one of these uncharted islands, so the film already had a lot to catch up on before it began. <br /> <br /> The island in this film used to belong to Dr. Moreau, but was recently acquired by reanimator Jeffrey Combs himself. Old Jeffrey is doing some advanced stem cell research that prompted him to start working with sharks in search of a cure for cancer. If this sounds familiar, it’s because it’s about the same basic setup as the smart sharks in Deep Blue Sea, not to mention the many other Nu Image films. Obviously, Jeffrey's son was dying of cancer, which prompted our mad doctor to begin experiments on his offspring. He made some unusual gene fusion, and so on, turning his son into a human shark. <br /> <br /> William Forsyth leads a team of unknown actors to the island to look at Dr.'s experiments. If someone had given him a sailor’s hat, William would have been the dead keeper of the Skipper from Gilligan Island. In the typical manner of the Bond villain, the doctor decides that all these intruders will make friends with their son. Not buddies, like buddies ... buddies, like eating a shark. So enter the shark-boy who starts chasing the Skipper and his cohorts all over the island. They, of course, make indecisive attempts to escape, and they are again and again prevented from being chased by a guy in a rubber shark suit. <br /> <br /> In the film there was not one of the points that he lost because he starred in one of these despicable desert islands. It's funny that this movie is called Hammerhead, it made me remember the old joke. Why do you hit yourself on the head with a hammer? Because it's so good when you stop. It is pretty much like this movie. The only reason to watch it is because it feels so good when it's over.
