The “daring” misadventures of four au pair assistants who arrive in London on the same day in the early 1970s. There is a Swedish girl, a Danish, a German and a Chinese. The story manages to take off their clothes, draw them into some humorous image of Carrie-On and connect them with various losers of the British film and television culture of the time, including the future star “Man about the house” Richard O'Sullivan. Coronation Street cheater Johnny Briggs and the gallant horror film Ferdi Main (played by the Sheikh). For those who like these things (but obviously nothing terrible), a rather risky amount of female nudity is demonstrated. <br /> <br /> Most of the film is quite thin and inconsequential; girls are stereotypes, and German Anita is particularly affected by some kind of childhood disorder — she is a moron obsessed with color television, who acts as a kind of unobstructed child and dresses to deliberately show her personal details; in another more serious film she would be psychiatric. The most interesting episode of the film - a Swedish girl is delivered to a club in London, where some sly characters are still trying to sway, being seduced by a middle-aged rocker, losing their virginity and realizing that the scene is not for her. These sequences have some energy in them and point to a more intriguing film than we ended up in which the promiscuity and scum of the music business and the upper classes live a soulless and seedy life (John Shtang as an excellent participant in an impotent public school. The strangest of stories is that The Chinese woman (the future veteran of the cannibal film Me Me Lay) separates from her child-working prodigy, falls in love with each other and then leaves in the middle of the night without any good reason, except for Some of the Oriental perception is that “Chinese birds are incomprehensible, aren't they ?!” The film is rather humiliating for female characters, and there is a small amount of homophobia and one of the characteristics in the dialogue. The end is astounding because Sheikh Mine is without any earthly reason ( except that they must somehow finish the film) takes all the girls to their Arab kingdom for what looks to the whole world as the future of the white slave trade, which they all love. <br /> <br /> In most cases, this is nonsense and nonsense, but the director with considerable skill directs the veteran Val Gest, who puts him as part of filmmaking a step above most of the 70s British sex movies.
