I caught this film at the Edinburgh Film Festival. I haven't heard much about it; only that it was a tense thriller, shot in digital format with a very low budget. I was hoping to catch the next big Brit Flick. But I have to say, I was very disappointed. “This is not a love song,” telling about two criminals who, after accidentally shooting and killing a farmer’s little daughter, fall into a deadly game of cat and mouse, when local residents decide to take matters into their own hands and track them down. <br /> <br /> The real problem is that this is another example of the style above the substance in a British film. Camera viewing and editing angles are completely at odds with the plot, as well as with the best features, as well as the terrifying use of slow motion, which only makes it all look like an expensive home video. There are repeated attempts to make the film look harsh and gritty, which instead seem hilarious and excessive (an example of a pitiful, obligatory scene with drugs and countless, meaningless camera zooms). No amount of cliches like this can hide the fact that this is a pretty bad story. <br /> <br /> We have already seen such things many times and made them a hundred times better, especially in the John Boorman film. Workshop "Liberation". But while in the last movie we actually took care of the characters, in this movie I found that I just want to be tracked down and killed as soon as possible. Even this would not be so bad if their opponents were frightening or worthwhile, but instead - just a collection of stereotypical, inbred-looking villagers. Again, another offensive, the overuse of cliches' comes to the fore. Of course there are good people in the country, directors? <br /> <br /> In defense of “This Is AA Love Song” there really are a couple of good, tense moments, but it’s hard to see how this film does anything other than go straight to the video, or, with a jolt, get very limited release movie. This is not a patch about last year’s low-level hill-hunt in the movie Dogs Soldiers. Perhaps the “British cinema” could start again if the right money had ceased to flow to the wrong people.
