To understand where this version of the 1976 STARS OF THE PARENT came from, think about it: Barbra Streisand sings her final number on a seven-minute and forty-second close-up, followed by another two-minute freeze-frame Ms Streisand - in a Christ-like pose - for the final credits. More than ten minutes of uninterrupted work of Barbra’s unique dead center fill the big screen with uncompromising ego. It could be some kind of cinematic recording. <br /> <br /> Or think about it: the plot of this musical revolves around a love affair between two musical superstars, although Streisand's songs are played entirely — including an endless ending — her companion Chris Kristofferson is not allowed to finish even one song he performs. Also, although she allows him to make a small contribution to a couple of her songs, they actually sing a duet. <br /> <br /> Or think: the name of Streisand appears in the credits at least six times, including taking a loan for "musical concepts" and her wardrobe (from her closet) - and she also wanted, but could not get a joint loan. One of her titles was an executive producer, and the producer got her then boyfriend and former hairdresser John Peters. Thus, Streisand controlled the final version of the film, which explains why he is so obsessed with skewing the film in its direction. What he doesn’t explain is why, given every opportunity for the Great Diva to look good, their efforts only make Streisand look bad. Although it was one of Streisand’s biggest box office hits, it’s probably her worst film and contains her worst performance. <br /> <br /> In any case, melodrama is transferred from Hollywood to the world of sex drugs and rock. 'n'roll, Streisand plays Esther Hoffman, a popular singer on the road to fame, who for some time shares a fast lane with John Norman Howard from Christopherson, a hard rocker heading to the Has Verwil. In previous incarnations of this story, Norman Maine sacrificed his leading career to help newcomer Vicki Lester achieve her success. In the seventies, feisists Streisand & Co. they want to make it clear that their heroine owes nothing to a man, therefore the trajectory is distorted; she will succeed with him or without him, and he is pretty much near the end of the scene; he is a burden that she must bear in the name of love. Thus, there is an obvious attempt to make the leading lady not only tougher, but also almost merciless, while her lover looks like a henpecked. <br /> <br /> Christofferson watches the film with authentic indifference to the material; makes a small attempt to give most of the work, and oddly enough, it serves his aimless, sluggish nature well. Streisand, on the other hand, does not demonstrate a single moment of honesty for all the time spent on the screen. Everything she does seems to be, if not too rehearsed, at least too controlled. Even her obvious advertisements seem awkwardly thought out, and the moments of the alleged hysteria - cold. Both have no chemistry, which makes the central romance completely incredible. It can be assumed that his character sees in her the symbol of his withering youth and innocence, although at the age of 34 Streisand does not look particularly young or naive. The only conceivable attraction that he can offer her is that she can use it as a quicker path to fame. And indeed, if the film had the courage to actually reproduce the material in such a way that the character of Streisand openly played the exploiting villain, the film may have a spark and perhaps a reason for existence. <br /> <br /> But I guess the filmmakers really see Esther as a sympathetic victim; it seems they do not realize how cold-blooded and self-absorbed. But sensitivity is not one of the film’s strengths: notice the little joke about giving Barbro two African-American backing vocalists only so that the film can indulge in lame racism, calling the trio “Oreo”. And the film says a lot about Esther retaining her ethnic identity using her name Hoffman, but the filmmakers changed the character's name in previous films from Esther Blodgett, so Streisand would not be burdened with a name that is too Jewish or too unattractive. So much for ethnic pride. <br /> <br /> The backstage and stabbing back that followed the release of the film is almost legendary, so the fact that the film looked so brilliant is remarkable. Nominee director Frank Pearson seems to have set the raw material for a good film with considerable help from the cinematographer of ace Robert Sourthis. And the film really fulfilled its purpose, releasing the soundtrack to decent pop melodies (including Evergreen, awarded by Oscar Paul Williams and Streisand). But overall, the film turned out to be the only thing Streisand reportedly claimed that she did not want it to be a conceited project.
