I think that in the depths of the darkest, thinnest part of their hearts, everyone likes Jerry Springer for a bit. While his show is surely offensive and stupid, it also gives us the opportunity to see that, relatively speaking, most of us are really good. When you look at the trailer park, in which lovers of dollar whiskey and incest sit, who love people on the Springer show, even the worst day seems like a walk in the park. Jerry performs public service, and we should be grateful. He threw a political career to arrange a show, just for us. <br /> <br /> For which we should not be grateful, it’s for a piece of the “Ringmaster” trash movie. Ringmaster shows what life is like for people who are guests of the show, or they want us to think. The film follows the mandatory Springer storyline: love triangles. One triangle includes Connie, her daughter Angela and her husband Rusty. In the other involved Starlett, Vonda and Demond. When two unfortunate groups meet in Los Angeles, their lives are intertwined and face to face, and all this ends with an explosive episode of the Springer show. This is similar to what “Short Cuts” would have been if Robert Altman had a serious crack habit. <br /> <br /> Ringmaster is loyal to the show, as it is stupid and insulting from beginning to end. It also makes me very happy that I do not live in poverty, in which the characters live. But the film has a problem. This is announced as a comedy, but it's just not very funny. The fact that you need to laugh is small and far from each other. Maybe some people watch it and laugh without stopping. If you think blowjob and rape are funny, then I think you're one of those people. Personally, I laughed two or three times and spent the rest of the film in complete fear of the painful horrors of white trash life. <br /> <br /> The Jerry Springer show simply should not have made a leap from TV to a silver screen. What’s so funny in an hour-long show (less if you count commercials) will not necessarily be funny in a ninety-minute film. Movies should tell a story, and Ringmaster has problems with that. The story is worn out. There are so many holes in the plot and mistakes in continuity that any attempt to tell a coherent narrative quickly collapses. And even if there were no such problems, how much fun could you derive from the history of stereotypical people in a stereotypical history? Even the Hollywood formula couldn't do it better. “Ringmaster: this is so bad that he even messed up the best part of the Springer show:“ The Final Thought ”. Somehow, even the cleverest and simplest aspect of the show turned out to be blown up more than the depraved women around whom the film is built. ” /> <br /> Springer himself is the worst offender in all of this. He is such a bad actor that he cannot even convincingly play himself. Watching Springer play Springer, that's sad. It’s as if he was going to say “What if Woody Allen played Jerry Springer fret and he failed. Awful. He worked to create this disaster, at least he could try to make it much better. <br /> <br /> Not that I ”I want to say that everyone else in this film puts on a decent work reward. Just the opposite. They all suck. Not surprisingly, no one succeeded in this film. The best they did was Molly Hagan, who got a job with the Nickelodeon sitcom. Apparently, Nickelodeon has no problem hiring a woman who starred in the most heinous movie '9 0 stars in the children's program. It makes you wonder what other adults on this channel have done in the past. <br /> <br /> Here are my last thoughts: we have a group of people who do not respect themselves, and a man with money to burn, who met and gathered their resources to create a film that shows how much they hate themselves and how little they think about the intelligence of their audience. Should we accept people who make films that treat us like coma of sticky tissue damaged by the brain? I say "No. Somewhere in this crazy, mixed world, there is an ideal film for each of us. We just have to keep looking for it. Until next time, take care of yourself and your loved ones. And never watch "Ringmaster."
