I can't say that “Jerry Springer: Ringmaster” is the worst movie I've ever seen. The film would be better if this were the case, because at least the worst film I have ever seen (prom night II) interested me so much that I hated it. My only reaction after leaving the theater was when I looked at my watch and found that only 90 minutes had passed. It seemed much more like years. This endless repetition of poor people (or, like Jerry Springer, seems to believe that poor people) substitute each other, beat each other, insult each other, and then repeat the process with the same attention to duty that everyone else uses. when washes. The plot, which tells how a group of stupid people manipulate their lives badly enough to deliver the dirt to Jerry Springer’s mill, is developed solely because of the idiocy of the characters. This makes it impossible to take care of what happens to them. It never mattered to me whether they got on the show, or what they said, or who they slept with. Maybe I should not care about them. Maybe I should look at them as some kind of comic type - see their outrageous behavior inherently ridiculous. It is a pity that no. Humor is not outrageous. It is harmless. It is predictable. Humor must have something behind it, some kind of painful irony or life experience in order to function. Scatology is not wit. Example. Mother catches her daughter and her husband in bed. To get revenge, she walks through a trailer park and gives oral sex to her daughter's boyfriend. Since I was shocked by the Jerry Springer show a long time ago, I had the same reaction I had on obscene nursery rhymes by Andrew Deiss Clay; no laughter, just yawning. Finally, I found the Springer posture as a populist tedious and unconvincing. If he really was an advocate for the poor, he would invite a Bed-Sty mother to talk about trying to raise his children in New York for $ 12,000 a year. Or, if that fails, he will at least give the participants of his shows a cut in their profits. Jerry Springer gets millions for his shows, his films, his books and videos. His guests simply get a round-trip ticket, hotel accommodation and the opportunity to humiliate themselves. If he loved the poor people so much, he would give them at least some of the money they earn for him. It seems that Springer wanted to make this film in order to gain legitimacy for himself. God, with all his beautiful work, you would think that he already deserved our respect. In any case, the film is weak and boring. Can't even be offensive. If you want to spend a better evening, record an error on the video and watch it.
