The Vampire Bat is located in the small German village of Klinsloss, where Gurgev Sean (Lionel Belmore), the burgermaster, meets with inspector Carl Brettschneider (Melvin Douglas) about all the recent killings, six victims were found many weeks all drained by blood and with the same two stab wounds on the necks. Bretchneider has no clue, but the superstitious elders of the village believe that death is the work of a vampire. Bretchneider is not sure, but the scared villagers tell stories that they saw a big bat, while the last victim Martha Muller (Rita Carlisle) was found. Brettschneider is under increasing pressure to uncover the killings, but can he really believe that a giant vampire bat is responsible for this, and if so, how is he going to stop it? <br /> <br /> Directed by Frank R. Streier The vampire bat was cheap from Majestic Pictures to capitalize on his two Atwill & Wray success and their success in previous years Dr. X (1932), and this is more of a murder mystery rather than horror, as an exploitative and tempting title could lead you to believe, and, frankly speaking, it is rather boring. The screenplay of Edward T. Lowe Jr. takes himself quite seriously and tells the main story that something is killing the locals and that something may be a vampire, then during most of the film he talks about Brettshnyder and his incompetent investigations, which is not too good, boring. The vampire bat also experiences some identity crisis, as she doesn’t quite know what she wants to be, the name suggests a horror movie, while most of them can be easily described as a thriller with the last few minutes going down into stupid science fiction. There is no vampire bat, attempts to deceive you are pitiful, all characters have wide stereotypes, and you can immediately tell the villain about the play, and in general there is nothing particularly exciting or interesting in the Vampire Bat. I know that he is old, but this is not an excuse, since cinema has advanced a lot since 1933, and this boring, flat, boring, boring and misleading film, such as Vampire Bat, today just does not fit, just look at the original king. Kong (1933) released the same year and how brilliantly it persists today. I did not like it, and I doubt that many modern moviegoers will like it too, it is so simple and understandable. <br /> <br /> Directed by Stryer does not do anything special, but this is the case when I can weaken the film a little because of its age, in general it is very important to shoot and hope for the best. The atmosphere and fears are not too great, although some of the already existing sets, taken from The Old Dark House (1932) and Universal European set in the background, are good and add a certain atmosphere to things. <br /> <br /> Technically, “The Vampire Bat” cannot compare with anything, even remotely modern, I believe that everything is in order for the age, but I again draw your attention to the original King Kong. Speaking of King Kong, this is the star Faye Vrey, who plays the role of horror character Lionel Atville, I will be kind and say that the acting skills are fine. <br /> <br /> Bat vampire people think that this is a horror movie about vampire bats, although in fact it is not, I personally thought it was all a bit boring. It tells the story briefly and reasonably enough, but I must admit that I am not a fan.
