This is the nature of business to try to capitalize on the success of others. Here we have a film in which elements from the early Dracula (1931) and Frankenstein (1931) are shot - in one of the German cities the village leaders believe that vampires (in the form of bats) caused bloodless sacrifices in recent death. Although the shot at "Universal" (and in the caves of Bronson!) Is a feature of Poverty; unfair to compare it with those earlier, more expensive and excellent films. <br /> <br /> From the familiar and exciting, frightening music of the main titles (which was supposed to be Misha Bakalienikoff), through the talkative but well-done intro part, we await the arrival of Lionel Atville, Fay Ray and Dwight Fry to give us a good mysterious film of the 30s. Unfortunately, this is not happening. This is a disappointment. <br /> <br /> We get a little more than the formal elements of such films, but with a slow pace, a small budget, there is not enough Dwight Fry, the excessive presence of Maud Abern (Aunt Gassi) and Lionel Attwill (Dr. von Niemann) demands human blood or how he displays mental control over his servant Emile (Robert Fraser), never gave a clear explanation. <br /> <br /> Don't watch the technique, Dr. X '(1932) - which also starred Lionel Atville and Fay Ray, but in the role of father and daughter - before watching it the way I do; This is an Oscar winner by comparison. So look it up first. Structurally, the "Vampire Bat" is still not so good. He stretches along with too much talk or unnecessary comic relief, without focusing heavily on the vampire’s evil deeds. <br /> <br /> In addition to “Doctor” X 'and' Mystery of the Wax Museum '(both in 1932 and starring with Fay Ray), the most famous performances of Lionel Atville - one armed gendarme in the film " Son of Frankenstein "(1939) and Moriarity in the movie" Sherlock Holmes and the Secret Weapon "(1943). Dwight Fry steals all his maniacal scenes in Dracula (1931). Like" young lovers ", Melvin Douglas and Fay Vrey have a beautiful scene kisses, but that's all. You can see him in The Old Dark House (1932), and Faye takes Joel McCree in The Most Dangerous Game (1930). Then there is her classic cry of 1933. al that this movie did not have the time, money, and correspondences to better showcase the talents and chemistry Lionel Atvilla, Fay Wray and Dwight Frye. Unfortunately, while this terribly disappointing movie gets only 4.
