When creating this film, director Mary Harron appears to have been aiming to clearly document Betty Page’s career path from the first days of modeling to the departure from modeling, to return home from Senate hearings on juvenile delinquency and 50s, and so she intends to show all these facts on the screen at the time, which, she thinks, she missed, having spent some time to explain something in detail. <br /> <br /> When you think of someone who had Paige’s career, you I think there would be a lot to discuss, its causes, decisions, life events, personal injuries, but Harron avoids anyone personal research character. In the first fifteen minutes or so of that film, brief hints of child abuse, domestic violence, and gang rape appear, but they all pass by and are never mentioned. It seems that Harron and Guinevere Turner (co-author) wanted to disguise everything that was not glamorous and flattering. You enter this film, hoping to get an idea of ​​who the person behind the posters was, but all they give you is a list of what she did and the re-creation of some of her most famous photo shoots. <br /> <br /> In general, the film really upsets you when you are watching, desperately waiting for some extra layer to show off. How did she balance her religion with her work? What made this young girl from Tennessee move from modeling to photography of slavery. The film simply shows that she goes to another model agency and puts on everything she says, but surely it would entail some shock and deliberation, it was after all the 50s. <br /> <br /> It seems to me that Harron was trying to express an opinion about how tame this was by today's standards (Page never took photos of obvious sexual acts) and how some people reacted to such things truly excessively. And although this is true, it never really makes it seem nasty in the eyes of others. Today we are looking at a young girl who is posing topless and not thinking about it, but we should have some feeling about how shocking it would be for a modern audience. This woman was the central part of the Senate juvenile hearing, but no one ever appeared so shocked. <br /> <br /> In essence, I left this film, just thinking how tame it was. Harron and Turner managed to avoid everything that could be unpleasant for the viewer. They come across as Miss Life's two lifelong fans and are desperate to make sure that nothing, absolutely nothing, could illumine their heroine, and therefore avoided a comprehensive study of who she really was. (Before and after her career, there are reports of her violent temper and mental problems). And all that remains is a series of events that made up her career, for no significant reason.
