On September 26, 1983, a 60-year-old short-haired woman appeared in court for the attempted murder of Leoni Haddad, a woman whose husband recently died and agreed to accept a tenant who came through the housing office for the elderly. Haddad was not informed that her new tenant had, in fact, just arrived from Patton State Psychiatric Hospital, where she was imprisoned for an inexplicable knife attack on a married couple three years ago. Soon, Haddad realized that something was “rotten” in Denmark when the woman began to lock herself in the bathroom with a tape recorder, which pronounced the prophecies about the “seven gods”. Fears of Haddad were confirmed one night when she woke up and saw her guest, sitting astride his chest with a bread knife, announcing that "God inspired me to kill you." Haddad managed to knock out her attacker on the phone, but not before she lost a finger and received deep lacerations on her face and chest. It was a miracle that she survived. The resident was found not guilty because of the madness, but was sent, kicking and shouting, back to the laughing academy. Ten years later, she was released and discovered that she is now a celebrity; but not for the brutal attacks on her innocent victims, but for her incarnation 25 years ago, when she was known as the “Queen of a Curve”, “Tease Tennessee” and “Miss Pin Up Girl of the World” - the infamous Betty Page. <br /> <br /> Directed by Mary Harron, known mainly as “American Psycho”, brings us back to the glorious days of the legendary model of cheesecake and bondage (which Gretchen Mol has played quite firmly), who carelessly wrote a blue print for fetish icons whose influence can be found in everything from comics to catwalks. T.N.B.P is a fun ride through the memorable image of the 1950s, where Paige, with the family help of friendly guys and photographers, becomes the number one star among men's glossy pockets with names like Wink, Tab and Parade. Her real dream about a movie star evades her, and collusion with the authorities on charges of obscenity in 1957 is an inflammatory incident that forces her to give up modeling and give herself to God. The overall style of the film is bright and frothy, and only for a moment it darkens from a hint of her father’s incestuous attention and sexual abuse, which, for inexplicable reasons, does not affect her in any way. Mol plays Paige the way she looks in her photos, happy, carefree and funny - even shots from captivity give out a little more than just incomprehensible humorous incomprehensibility. The film ends in high spirits when Paige happily distributes the Bibles in the park without any signs of real unhappy marriages, personal tragedy and decency in the murderous madness that lay before her; avoiding what I believe is the main core of Page's story — rebirth and resurrection. <br /> <br /> Appearing after a decade of imprisonment, Paget discovered that her cult had been in power since the mid-1980s, and that she had become a huge underground icon, during which many asked "what happened to Betty" Page ". Her "mysterious" disappearance fueled the fires of any number of conspiracy theories, only adding charm to her legend. When the world media finally caught up with her, she did not give a hint of her dark past, and soon she gave interviews for T.V magazines and took pictures at Playboy parties with people like Pamela Anderson and the equally tragic Anna Nicole Smith. She discovered that she was now more famous than ever in her “glory years”, but in the light of this “resurrection” it was only a matter of time before the full story was born. <br /> <br /> The only infamous thing in “The Infamous Betty Page” is that they didn’t take part when she became really notorious.
