Club 700 should be the most popular television program in the history of television itself. To make matters worse, it has been on the air since 1966, implying that thousands, if not millions of people, are buying its hatred and lies. Led by Pat Robertson, an unscrupulous, megalomaniac and leader of the Christian coalition, "Club 700" leads us from misinformation to misunderstanding, broadcasting the "news" as they like to think about it, and trying to convince their audience that everyone around the world is to blame homosexuals, Wiccans, New Age spiritualists, Muslims, Jews, Hindus, non-fundamentalists, Democrats, single mothers, foreigners, feminists, evolutionists, environmentalists, NASA scientists and everyone who does not share their fanatical religious views. In fact, this is the best fake news since The Daily Show or Weekend Update on Saturday Night Live or FOX News. Of course, Pat is always the one who makes each of the decisions, saying everything that comes to mind, and not paying any attention to who it offends or hurts. In the meantime, he continues to participate in the struggle to turn the United States into a militarized police state, forcing Religious Wrong noses to stick their noses into everything they can, and asking for one donation after another - no less than a measly $ 100 to become a Member, by the way - to finance Pat’s African diamond mines and to buy oil from companies that the government had previously condemned for their environmental abuse. No, never mind that Pat was good friends with the dictators of the genocide of Zaire and Zimbabwe to help him acquire such wealth; it's all for the greater glory of God, don't you know? And, of course, the owners of the “Club 700” are always ready to read letters “written by the audience” as they like, by coincidence each of them is printed in the same format and all on the same paper color, presumably, “ the audience. " healed from various ailments by these hosts (they claim that they came “words of knowledge”), but which are NEVER SEEN in the program to say what happened to them. Honestly, how can you take the show seriously when they use a bad record of applause? This should make people wonder why there is no audience in the studio. <br /> <br /> The sad thing that Pat’s friends and viewers do not realize or simply don’t want to realize is terrible things that he did and said. This is the guy who agreed with Jerry Falwell that the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001 in the United States were the result of God punishing us for adopting homosexuality and feminism. Ironically, given that Pat twice publicly mentioned the introduction of nuclear weapons at the State Department; I have little doubt that it was his wealth that prevented him from being arrested for such statements. His attacks on homosexuals, single mothers and any number of sexual practices that he considers "sinful" are interesting, given that during the Korean War he often visited brothels. As the Bible says, be fruitful and multiply, so congratulations, Pat - thanks to you, there are probably many children born to single Korean mothers. Then, of course, there was a time when he called for the assassination of Venezuelan President Hugo Chávez (not that he was holy, but still). Oh, yes, and let's not forget that this “crusader for human life” supported forced abortions in China. Very "Christian" on his part, isn't it? <br /> <br /> And in case Pat forgot, I didn’t forget his little speech that evangelical Christians are treated the same today as Jews. in Nazi Germany. ”Honestly, comparing his“ difficult situation ”with the horrors of the Holocaust is almost unforgivable. Speaking about this, is it necessary to mention how he brazenly lied that homosexuality broke out among the Nazi party in a pathetic attempt to discredit homosexuals? shows us that the Nazis were the same to homosexuals as they were to Jews. Pat Robertson is one of the biggest liars in history. If he were Pinocchio, his nose would surround the Earth. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, everything is big More and more people continue to believe him every day. This is your alarm clock, people; "Club 700" is one of the most, if not the nastiest, program in the history of television. This is an evil disguised as good; it is the clothing of a wolf in a sheep. This is fanatical filth. that tries to look clean, beautiful, and loving. This is living proof that hateful, dangerous religious views are not limited to certain groups in the Middle East. Even those who do not belong to the Christian faith know that this is contrary to everything Jesus taught, and if Jesus entered this “club”, he would not imitate them. Instead, He will punish them, as He did the Pharisees of his time, and overturn the cash boxes of their teletons, as He did before the synagogue in due time. All I can say is thank God that Pat had no chance of becoming president; if he had done, he would have been the forerunner of Armageddon — and not on the side of the good guys.
