I do not believe that a more evil or evil television program called Club 700 was ever broadcast in the United States. Today they are equivalent to the 20th century Ku Klux Klan. Their hatred of all that is good, sweet, human, and pure is beyond understanding. Their daily constant attacks on millions and millions of Americans, as well as billions of people all over the world, who do not accidentally share their fanatical, cruel, monstrous and completely insane glance at humanity, go beyond what television has ever seen. The lie that they pour out, and the ridiculous lie that they try to pass off as truth, for example, the idea of ​​“life after death”, or “god”, or “sin”, or “devil” is so ridiculous that they actually seem mentally ill, so they lost in their fantasy. Sane people know that religion is a drug, and should not allow themselves to be carried away by such fantasies. However, The 700 Club is in the classroom separately. They are really cult. Although I believe in free speech, they spread hatred, lies, misinformation, and such fantastic ideas go beyond all limits. I hope that one day the American Psychiatric Association will finally begin to study the people who are thus deceiving themselves, people who allow themselves to plunge so deeply into the fantastic country of religion that they no longer have any real idea of ​​reality. In this country, it is imperative to treat such suffering people, since many people are completely crazy about the fantasy of religion. The Club 700, however, is even more terrible as it rises to the legal definition of a “cult”, but because of the enormous wealth of the Club 700 (daily trampled by millions of Americans caught in their deceptive grip), they are above the law in this country. of you who have seen the film The Matrix, you know that this film was a metaphor for religion on earth: the evil ones standing at the top of each of the religions that drain those they trapped and cruelly insult their selfish goals, and those millions that are in death sleep and slow They are being depleted of their life force, representing those many people who belong to religions and who have lost all ability to perceive what is really happening around them. <br /> In less civilized times, good citizens would manage monsters such as those associated with the 700 Club outside the city with torches and pitchforks. But in the modern world, where people have lost their entire choice in choosing the TV we presented to them, we have no way to get rid of the 700 Club plague. <br /> <br /> The television rating system and the “V” chip on TVs should also have an “R” rating for religion so that rational people and interested parents can easily sift out such nasty intellectual and cruel emotional rape, such as The 700 Club every day throughout our country, from himself and his children.
