Years have passed since Don Wilson used his martial arts experience to destroy a robot that was programmed to destroy it. He is also married to a blonde reporter (Stacy Foster), who led the rebellion in the first film, now a new conspiracy is in work involving similar droids that create our two heroes, and a corporation seeking to rule the world (there is no plot to support this), and Cyber ​​Tracker 2 becomes the virtual replay of the first movie. I admit that I bought DVDs from a basket that PM made, PM was a cheap jacking company (like this one) that had tons of explosions, a little history and, in general, nothing but significant actions. Some of these titles were (mildly) pleasant (Last Man Standing and The Sweeper), however Cyber ​​Tracker 2 was stuck with a custom without Don Wilson's charisma. Comparing the main characters of similar efforts of the Prime Minister, Jeff Wincott and C. Thomas Howell are Oscar nominees compared to Don Wilson. Another telling sign is that it was directed by Richard Pepin, who has no talent that Joseph Merhi seems to have in developing workflows that feel much more expensive than their budgets. On the other hand, although both S. Thomas and Wincott probably cost more. Cyber ​​Tracker 2 is theft with capital R, in the best films (Robocop, Terminator, Universal Soldier and even Halloween III!) So many thefts that it almost seems like Richard Pepin is trying to instill a sense of identity in Material for pedestrians, but without smart ideas, or at least a thoughtless lightning about a great action, Cyber ​​Tracker 2 fails. There is literally no good idea that would not have been borrowed from the best film and excessive cast of actors. The only exception comes from Tony Burton, who is much better than the material. In addition, Stacy Foster looks like she could be better off with much better material. Nevertheless, Cyber ​​Tracker 2 sounds basically as noisy, soft and sloppy as its leading man, but without real martial arts sequences that you could rely on, there are only a lot of tilting cars, and this afford can not replace bankruptcy. ambitions are expressed here. <br /> <br /> * 1/2 of 4- (bad)
