When they killed John Amos’s character, they killed the show. It was a vital part of the information structure. You had a story about how the family was struggling to do it the way they knew. They were poor, they were black, and they were living proof that if you have Jesus and your family, then nothing complicated. Of course, James will lose his job, and JJ will fail at school, but the family always managed to find a way out. <br /> <br /> James was a strong male role model who earned income and disciplined children. Florida was a strong woman who liked everything, including James, when he needed a shoulder to cry or hug him. The children had a personality and a contribution, which made them important as a family unit. Their neighbor Villon was also a key element because she represented not only a friend, but also dear enough to be a family. Things were bright, gritty, funny and honest, until they changed the course of the program. James dies and JJ takes the show. <br /> <br /> Flo was still a mother, Thelma was transformed into a woman, and Michael was still a warlike dwarf, but JJ was a show. We had to believe that a family without a father or a well-known breadwinner would be able to stay in the apartment. I think the salary of James did little for the family. They were threatened with eviction only because they said they were moving, and not because no one in the house was working. I know that JJ, Flo, Thelma and even Michael finally got a job, but come here for real. James worked so much that you could feel him, but others were far from realistic, and that is a shame. <br /> <br /> JJ was a comic relief, but I felt that the show needed content. You can be funny, but they had the opportunity to show the real family and what you need to survive in the real world, and they threw it all at a few laughs. Michael's character almost disappeared, while the rest of the cast slipped away in the shadow of JJ Evan's show. I mean, really, here was a guy who failed at school, he continued to quit, and he drew for money in about two episodes. James was always there to encourage his talent, but Flo and the rest of the family didn't seem to like it. <br /> <br /> Why did it take so long for him to understand that drawing was what he had to do? He could sell paintings on the street or work for people who print billboards and postcards. (He did, but something went wrong with that.) Why didn't he do that, and why did others give up on their dreams? I will tell you why, because there was no father in their lives to take care of and encourage them, and their mother stopped helping them in their dreams. The show stopped teaching us about growing, building, and learning, and began teaching us tricks and phrases. They were supposed to save James. If any show needed a father, it was one.
