What we have here is a classic case of too much patriotism. This is what happens when you live in a small country with very little (almost no) cinema history. When does someone come up with a more ambitious film project? besides the usual dramas about struggling farm families or long feature films of local comedians ?? One feels obligated to love it and even responsible for spreading favorable reviews across country borders. This is especially true when the author / director of this particular film is already the beloved of the country, because he is also the founder and lead singer of a popular rock band. “Any path that the wind blows” is by no means a bad film, but it is definitely overvalued (if at all possible within the borders of a small country) and can offer absolutely nothing new or even remotely original. This is basically a Flemish version of classic films, such as Short Circuits and Magnolia, and illustrates a mosaic of characters whose daily life initially does not seem to be related, but ultimately combined. The only thing that first unites the eight main characters is the city of Antwerp, where they all live and work, but gradually the deeper relations between them become transparent and approach the culmination, which they all gather for a party. The main problem with “Any Way that the Wind Blows”, at least in your true opinion, lies in the characters. They are really random, uninteresting and, frankly, do not experience anything that could be considered unusual. It was supposed that writer / director Tom Barman intended to portray the average and permanent resident of Antwerp, but then, seriously, what is the point? One of the characters is fired from the work of a film projectionist, the other is a failed novelist struggling with a marriage crisis, two brothers and sisters have recently lost their father, and the most “mysterious” of them all is accompanied by the wind wherever it goes. There are a few more characters who regularly pass around the screen, but they are even less worth mentioning. These people simply discuss very random topics (for example, life in the 80s, dates and movements of each other's intestines) and philosophy in matters that do not bother anyone. Some dialogues cause a quiet laugh, especially the interaction between two twenty-something guys from Ghent, but still nothing unusual or even memorable. The film actually works best as a tourist video to promote the city of Antwerp and as an extensive and versatile musical documentary. There are several stylish and elegant excursion images of Antwerp, and there is always beautiful music, whether very loud or slightly in the background. Generally speaking, “Any Way The Wind Blows” is a well-made and stylish effort, but too mundane and slightly boring, and I sincerely surprised that most of his fans would even bother to see if it were not the Flemish production.
