This film was volatile, incoherent and contrived. It was also an extremely vile image of women. I rented it because it was listed as a comedy (it's stretched), and because the cover said that Andy MacDowell played a storm in it. She was not. I am a girl, I watched this movie with two guys, and we spent an hour after that, exclaiming how bad it was. <br /> <br /> WARNING: SUMMARY FOLLOWING BELOW! RAMPANT SPOILERS! <br /> <br /> The film begins with a rather hackneyed story about an elderly woman who is dating a young man, about serious disapproval of her two jealous single girlfriends. They want her to marry a boring boy of his own age who seems to be in love with her. But she is so happy with her puppy with over-exposed hair that you support them so that they straighten up and, of course, she decides to marry a guy. But her harpy girlfriend, helped by the faint of heart, creates a conspiracy to deceive our heroine, causing her to think that the boyfriend is cheating on her. It is working. She fights him, he runs out of the house and is crushed by a truck (remember the name of the film?) So now he's dead, two-thirds of the way through the film. And although our heroine is a school principal who spends time watching the girls, she apparently forgot to use birth control and is pregnant. <br /> <br /> She already broke off relationships with her friends because they were so hopeless. Lonely and miserable, she decides to marry a boring guy. Did I mention that the boring guy who kind of loves her is the minister? She asked him to marry her for a young boy (ok, yes?), But now she tells him that he will marry him, and obviously he does not mind being deceived in this way. But her friends save her at the altar and take her home, where they do not quite admit that they were mainly responsible for the fact that the love of her life was strangled. She has a child. In the last scene, they leave her in a crib in her house, and they go out onto the porch to drink, smoke and be complacent. I'm not kidding, it's so bad. I missed a piece about red herring crayfish and the ridiculous lesbian moment of the harpy.
