I was almost gone, but I paid my money, and my almost disgusting friend wanted to stand. After the sweet, wide-open innocence of “New Hope” and the exciting sophistication of “The Empire Strikes Back,” I remember how I expected “The Return of the Jedi” with an almost painful expectation. But with the discovery of this abusive commercial sewer, I was bitterly disappointed and angry at Lucas. He should have been ashamed of himself, but this abomination undoubtedly proves that he does not have subatomic particles of shame in his cold, greedy heart. The episode that I would like to continue to confirm this fact is your honor, I call Jarjar Binks (but please first give the barf bags to the jury members). <br /> <br /> Since the initial raising of the gate at Jabba Lair, this “film” was nothing more than an advertisement for more than two hours for so many licensed, profitable figures that Lucas could squeeze into him - like pigs -guards, hooligan with pigtails with pigtails, this nasty Jabba's pet, new and reworked cabaret figures, monsters, etc., etc., ad vomitum. Then there were disgustingly cute and sold Ewoks. Over this pile of all rebel aliens. Fifteen seconds each on the screen (or less), and the kids just MUST have one for their collection. Disgusting, exploitative financial persecution of children causes nausea. <br /> <br /> Lucas did not even bother to come up with a new storyline - he had just exhumed the Death Star from the New Hope and raised a cheap mood to the Boat. What a terrible slap to his fans. I can't get rid of the thought that Lucas was getting perverse pleasure by causing this fan to his fans: “I have such lemmings that are so hooked that I can unscrew the worst piece of smelly, rotten garbage I could dream of, and they flock in theaters to wear this. Plus, all the kids will whine and torment their parents until they buy the kids a complete collection of figures for each random undeveloped, cartoonish caricature I put in, and I get a cut from each of them. It will make me even more obscenely rich. "<br /> <br /> Perhaps in this pitiful robbery there was a scanty, partial handful of life-saving moments. It seems I remember that Harrison Ford barely managed to hold his nose above the surface of this cesspool. But whatever tiny bright spots, that may be there, they are completely destroyed by the abusive commercialism that Lucas so meekly accepted in this absolute sale for profit.
