Freddy's Dead: The Final Nightmare begins with the dream demon Freddy Krueger (Robert Englund) leaving a teenager (Sean Greenblatt) on the outskirts of Springwood, not remembering who he is and why he is there. The local police pick him up and take him to the youth center, where he has a child psychiatrist Maggie Burrows (Lisa Zane) talking, she finds a newspaper in his pocket that leads them to Elm Street in Springwood, where they find that children do not live there. and therefore no sacrifice for Freddie kills anyone. It all turns out that this is Freddie’s thoughtful plan to find his daughter and use her to escape from Springwood. When Maggie realizes that Freddie is in front of her, and some children decide that they have to kill Freddie once and for all ... <br /> <br /> Director Rachel Talalay did it with the intention of becoming the Nightmare finale on Elm Street Film , who by this time had reached five, of course, as any horror movie fan knows, is there any money that can be earned from a franchise or character, then there is no way in hell, and Freddy's Dead: The Final Nightmare was going to be the last one that of course it was not. The Nightmare on Elm Street series was a franchise of diminishing returns as the quality of the films declined as the series progressed until we came here, and Freddy's Dead: The Final Nightmare, which for my money is probably the worst of all The film moves at a reasonable pace, and it is rarely boring, but it’s so stupid, childish and reminiscent of some lively animated cartoon with horrible horror scenes that seem millions of miles from the original and exciting original from the early 80s of Wes Craven. The sequence in which Stoner Spencer is trapped inside the video game Freddy plays is terrible in itself, but then we turn to the shots of his body back into reality, jumping around the house from wall to wall and floor to ceiling, which is the most funny thing I saw some time ago, or maybe in the early scenes when baby John Doe falls from the plane to the ground just like the cartoon character Coyote in the Road Runner cartoons or the absurd vision of Freddie threatening deaf Karl su pins, which he intends to fall to the floor, to make a loud noise, or when it is eventually going to kill him, scraping knives on board. You cannot take it seriously, and I just sat there, not believing what I saw. When they finally try to kill Freddie, the hero is given a secret powerful special weapon, yes, right, a pair of 3D cardboard glasses! The character is bad, the dialogue is bad, the plot is confusing, he doesn’t really adhere to continuity on Elm Street, and the whole movie is a little confused, the best I can say about this is that it has quite a bit of unintended humor, and you of course you can laugh at him. <br /> <br /> The film has serious tonal problems, as it tries to be dark, scary and ominous, but at the same time it’s so stupid and sometimes ridiculous that any attempt at being serious falls completely flat. There is not much blood in it, there are cut off fingers, a few blows, someone falls on a nail, and that’s all. The number of bodies here is extremely low, only three people. The last twenty minutes of Freddy’s Dead: The Final Nightmare were actually shot in 3D, although the version I saw presented this part as normal, so I cannot comment on how well it works or does not work, but you can definitely see the footage which should be visible in 3D, which take advantage of this process. The special effects are different, some of them are pretty good, while others are terrible, and this time Freddie's burnt makeup looks pretty bad. <br /> <br /> It obviously had a budget of about $ 5,000,000 (it had an opening weekend box - the office takes 12,000,000 dollars), and the film has some nice visual touches and jokes that make this thing feel even more animated than it is. Acting is really bad starring, although there are a few strange cameos, including Tom Arnold and Roseanne, Johnny Depp and rocker Alice Cooper. <br /> <br /> Freddy's Dead: Final Nightmare is probably the worst of all the series and there is not much to recommend or enjoy except for some unintended meaning of laughter. Fans of the series will probably like it and will defend it, but for me it’s about as far from the original classic shock of Wes Craven as before. Following New Nightmare (1994), who tried to take Freddy Krueger and the series in a new and different direction.
