In fact, they do not do this, but, of course, they did it, trying to come up with a single line that adequately summarizes how terrible this record in the series is. There were some moments that could be good, but they mostly outweighed their own transformation into missed opportunities, and did not force me to start with the bad. <br /> <br /> The lost opportunities are pretty obvious, but I will repeat them here if someone doesn’t care. Anyone who has not seen the film and sincerely quit would be advised to stop reading at this stage. The first and possibly greatest missed opportunity was a plot with Freddie’s long-lost child. So, the extreme mental illness that Freddie seems to be suffering from (and I could hasten to add that less than one percent of the mentally ill pose a threat to other people, leave them alone to such an extent) HEREDIOUS, so why not kill the mysterious type in which the heroine of Lisa Zayn dreams of Freddie killing teenagers, only later will we find out that she actually commits all the murders? Sounds like a good idea for the plot? Obviously, it was over the heads of Talalay and De Luke. <br /> <br /> Then a trip to Springfield, where the entire teenage population was exterminated, and the remaining adults experienced a kind of mass psychosis. Oddly enough, mass psychosis was actually depicted in a realistic and convincing manner, although this is important for the fact that we are never shown too much. We are simply given quick visual hints of a huge loss of connection with reality, which may arise from the grief of every young man in the city who is dying for reasons that are impossible to understand and control. However, a significant problem with this element of the plot is that the city was abandoned too quickly and without real answers. This collection of scenes would be much worse if you had ten minutes to say ... one sensible citizen explained to these visitors why the Fair in Springfield looks like a horror show. <br /> <br /> Of course, horror films are never noticed for the development of their characters, except that they are horror films that John Carpenter used to direct, but how should we be concerned when characters that we know next to nothing, are dying? At the very least, Wes Craven took the time to customize his characters in the original, and used a few cheap tricks to attract the audience. In a nutshell, this is probably the biggest problem with the Freddy's Dead: he just doesn’t try everything, leave alone rather difficult. <br /> <br /> In this regard, I feel a little sorry for Robert Englund, now that he is more or less inextricably linked to Freddie’s character. He played much better characters in much better productions (for example, the sci-fi mini-series "V"), and he was forever remembered as "the man who played Freddie", sells him rather briefly. It seems that now he will never break the shape of horror films. As for the rest of the actors, I think that their performances here speak for themselves. They deserve to become forever the type of B-rank horror character. Even Yafet Cotto will not escape this unscathed, as his character is one of the most childish B-films ever written. <br /> <br /> In general, Freddy's Dead gets 1 of me. I would vote lower, but IMDb does not allow this. FD is indeed evidence that the author’s inability to fully use the concept can destroy not only the film, but the whole franchise.
