* May contain spoilers * A few weeks after I originally wrote my review for Hood Hudzhik, I realized that maybe I was too harsh in this film. That is why I decided that I would do something that I had never done before. Watch the same movie again. Don't get me wrong, I still don't like the movie, I still think it is disgusting, and I still think that zombies don't look so zombies. The story in the film is still in my opinion weak and rather lame. The story of a guy named Rick, who works as a scientist (who, as it turned out, works on a serum that heals sick cells in animals) and his brother Jermaine, are both not quite in the best relationship (my, original plot point) and have a lot of arguing. Once Jermaine was shot in an automobile shooting and Rick called his fellow scientist to fetch a serum to try to reanimate Jermain (while most people would call 911, but it doesn't matter), naturally the serum fails, and Jermaine “dies” "(if this would not have happened, there would have been no film), after the police and the coroner (until the end of time I will still think that perhaps paramedics should have appeared) leave the scene, shows the coroner's van ”(I still believe that it was just someone's van with an inscription Yew "coroner", dropped from the side), and Germain returned to life to attack and kill the paramedics. I would say more about the plot, but I feel that if I tell more about the story, you don’t want to watch it (and we wouldn’t want it now?), But suffice it to say that the story (in my opinion at least) is tortuous and rather slow motion (pun is not intended). As I said in my review, zombies are not very similar to zombies, I still think they look like they were in a bar fight. This does not mean that all of them should decompose and so on, but still there should be at least bites on the victims. Also, I still don’t like the fact that directors are constantly changing the pace of the zombie movement. It seems that they could not decide whether to make zombies or not (as in most zombie films), don’t get me wrong, I’m all zombies, but decide, people. In one scene, the zombies run to the living, and in the other, he just swears at them. And sometimes they just don’t seem believable (yes, I know their fictitious creatures, but still), I mean, of course, the zombie who runs his hand along the wall, as if he were walking through a dark living room, and I still don’t it looks like a zombie who lies on the ground, they shoot him and then pull him, as if he had just been shot. The sound in the film also bothered me mostly music, which may have been just my copy of the film, but mostly absent. Cinema music is important to people. Especially when sound editing sounds like the director just took a video camera from friends and made a little film about zombies. The acting is still terrible (in my opinion) and is on par with American “actors” from the Japanese zombie film “Junk”. The film is still bad, almost the House of the Dead is bad, better, no doubt about it, but again, it does not say much. This is not the worst movie, and it is better than many direct videos that are, but in the end is not very good. I also think that the film is moving very slowly, despite the fact that it is only an hour and twenty or so minutes (and yes, I still do not like the introductory song). This type of film, I think, is well suited for the premiere on the sci-fi network. That is why I am obliged to give this debacle of the film one of ten. But think about it like this, at least it is not negative.
