I accidentally discovered this film on the shelf under the "new releases" and found the idea of ​​a hip-hop film about zombies too interesting to give up. In any case, it was put on the box, and I thought: “What a great idea!” Besides, the cover also has the inscription “Welcome to Auckland”. How could I resist? Unfortunately, the hip-hop part lasted as much as the initial theme. Neither hip-hop music nor hip-hop culture played a big role in the film. Living in Auckland, I know that there are a lot of beginners hip-hop artists, so the low budget of this film did not justify the absence of a suitable soundtrack. Any number of struggling artists would take the opportunity to contribute to this film. Why the Quiroz brothers did not take advantage of this advantage, I do not know. <br /> <br /> As soon as the movie was released, it was a very typical zombie movie with actors who turned out to be completely black and Hispanic. You may think that this will lead to an unusual deviation from the film ... but it is not. Somehow, the vision of the “urban culture” of the Kirozov brothers comes down to shooting a car and dropping an F-bomb on each line of the film. The quick use of the word “fuck” is probably the most distinctive feature of this film; there were separate lines that contained the word three or four times, and not one line contained it at least once. I am not at all disdainful when I swear in the film, but here it was felt that this was the result of a lack of ideas on the part of the authors (also the Kyrozov brothers), and the script was usually very bad. br /> <br /> The film was generally a disappointment. It would be interesting to see a truly zombie film about “urban culture”, but “The Hood of the Living Dead” does not justify itself. The characters in the film might as well be white, Eskimo, or someone else. The film did not have a distinct flavor. This is just another mediocre low-budget film with a bad game, a lousy letter, amateur management, soft cinema, a cheap soundtrack and nothing else to recommend it.
