In Vivah, directed by Suraj Bardjati, a twenty-year-old boy from Delhi, Shahid Kapoor, is stunned by a modest girl from a small town that her father chose to marry for him. Appealing to her innocence and simplicity, Shahid agrees to marry almost immediately after he met her at her house in Madhupur, and the young lady in question, Amrita Rao, seems equally discouraged by her charming fiancé. The marriage is scheduled for six months later, and the couple finds themselves in the forefront of a young, promising love, despite their geographical distance. But Amrita, who was raised by her uncle and her aunt after the death of her parents, was struck by a terrible disaster only a few hours before the marriage. And then, Shahid must play a noble lover and unconditionally embrace her. Just like Hum Aapke Hein Kone and Hum Saat Saat Hein, Barjati’s new film “Vivah” is on the same level - a family drama with an extremely idealistic premise. But, unfortunately, the plot of this new film looks too outdated, even more contrived, than these regressive Ekta Kapoor soaps. And the problem is clear ?? you just can't relate to such raspy and clean characters who don't have any bad bones in their bodies. There are many things that work in favor of and against films in Hindi, and time is one of such important factors. Twenty-five years ago, perhaps Vivah’s plot might not have felt so taut, but today it just seems to be a product of the mind stuck in a temporary strain. Perhaps the only salutary highlight of the film is that it exudes sincerity from beginning to end, you can immediately understand that the director’s intention is not to deceive. Judging by the previous films of Barjati, and carefully studying this new one, you can safely say that Barjatia believes in the ideal world, believes in her good characters, he believes that large families can happily live together under the same roof without the slightest irregularities. But alas, he cannot transfer his vision to the screen. It's hard not to notice how one-dimensional his main characters are ?? Shahid and Amrita, both virtuous and virgin ?? I mean, think about it, the first time they hold hands, it's an hour and twenty minutes of a movie. Barjatya may think that he is returning to his roots in Maine Pyar Kiya with Viva, but the truth is that the reason we embraced Salman and Bhagyashri in this film, or even Salman and Madhuri in Ham Aapka Hein Kun, is because that they had such fantastic chemistry. Because, although they were created from the same form as Shahid and Amrit in Vivah, these couples had evil and color. Shahid and Amrita are simply tasteless and boring. For a film that relies so heavily on music to tell its story, the director chooses a series of 70s-style tunes that only weaken the pace of the film. But if I had to choose only one reason to explain why Viva does not work for me, it is because I am not sure that I can relate to any of the characters inhabiting the history of Bardjati. To some, perhaps Vivah will give hope that such a perfect world is really somewhere there. But I'm a little cynical, I think. So, give me a flirty Madhuri Hum Aapka Hein Kaun, give me a stupid Salman from Men Pyar Kiyah, I even take this naughty Karishma Kapoor from Huma Saat Saat Hayn. But save me from these stupid. You know, some marriages are not made in heaven. This is Viva!
