If this documentary had not been filmed by famous French director Louis Malle, I would probably have turned it off in the first 15 minutes, since in 1979 it was an incredibly boring look at a very ordinary mid-western American city. This is not entirely true. My idea of ​​a funny theme and frames of the film very much resembled a collection of home movies. Given that I did not know any of these people, it was even less interesting. <br /> <br /> Since this was a rather boring piece of a documentary about life, I was surprised to see the message they were trying to convey. ? Perhaps this was because values ​​are not as conservative as you might think - this was the main idea of ​​many vignettes (such as Republicans, whose son was a draft of resistance, as well as a man and a woman who thought about sex outside marriage it was just fine). Or, perhaps, the point was that there was a lot of fanaticism in a good hometown - as a few ugly ideas, such as blaming the Jews for financial conspiracies, anti-black fanaticism and homophobia, were briefly investigated. <br /> <br /> The small town of 1979 was explored very deeply and depicted the idyllic world, but when the filmmakers returned six years later, the mood was overwhelmed by President Reagan. This seemed very dishonest for several reasons. First, part of 1979 was almost 90% of the film, and the last 10% consisted of only a few interviews with people who accused the president of almost everything except acne. What about the rest of the inhabitants of this city? Did they all see Reagan evil, or that their lives became more negative? With only a few updates, it seemed suspicious. Secondly, despite the fact that over the past years, the national debt has doubled, and the gross national product has increased. And although Malle shows 1979 as a very optimistic period, he was far from it, since the period of 1974-1980 was characterized by a large deficit (gas, sugar, etc.), Strikes, high inflation and general indisposition. Although I am not a big fan of Reagan, because the growth of the government did NOT slow down during his administration, the country as a whole was much more optimistic than in the years of Ford and Carter. Although many in the media demonized Reagan (a popular sport in the 1980s), the economy has greatly improved, and the documentary looks very one-sided and agenda-oriented. If the documentary film contained more detailed coverage of 1985 and did not seem too negative to believe in it (after all, everyone had no deterioration in life - this is contrary to common sense), then I could have thought otherwise. /> <br /> In general, not the wonderful documentary that some have proclaimed that it is - from a boring movie in 1979 to an extremely oblique view of 1985. <br /> <br /> By the way, is it just me, or was the DROP DEAD GORGEOUS film inspired, at least in part, by this film? Both are set in similar communities, but the last film was a fun mock without all the serious nuances.
