When I started watching “Dolls Taking Manhattan”, the hectic presentation and dialogue convinced me that I was watching something recent, so you can imagine my surprise when I came to IMDb and read that it was done in 1984. Jim Henson may have finished The Muppets when it was in full swing, but such side effects and Muppets babies (which are obviously based on a very terrible sequence in this film) are the absolute nadir of all things, Muppet. I used to wonder why Muppets provoked such ridicule from reviewers such as Mr. Krenky, so I am glad that Manhattan's Muppets (hereafter: TMTM) is directly pointing to me. Of course, there was a huge decline in quality in many TV shows when the third episode was released: “Aliens”, “Robocop”, “Evil Dead”, even “Night of the Living Dead”. Thus, although it is not surprising that TMTM is smaller than The Muppet Movie or The Great Muppet Caper, the whole surprise is how much smaller than the awesome debut or its slightly smaller subsequent TMTM. Not only is the music much less satisfying, the scenes that link it all are extremely terrible. <br /> <br /> There are, of course, some redemptive and really funny moments, but they are few. The Swedish chef is great in any scene in which he lives, so thank for the spirit of the little grace that he appears in the same sequence where his eccentricity is fully used. The problem is that there are simply no scenes that work. The story, as it is, revolves around a Broadway musical that Kermit is trying to produce. He goes through many trials and tribulations, including the viewer's hidden suspicion that we have seen it all before. The biggest problem is that Kermit does not have a decent antagonist to work out this time. Charles Durning was cinematic gold because Doc Hopper, the owner of a chain of fast food restaurants, wants to use Kermit for his business. Charles Grodin was a dynamite in the role of Nikki Holiday, the jewel thief, with whom the dolls must fight to save Miss Piggy from being in prison. It is said that the hero is as good as his antagonist, and these two are at least half responsible for the greatness of the two previous films. <br /> <br /> Charles Grodin also stresses what’s wrong with TMTM. Namely music sucks. The first issue of the Manhattan Melodies show, which is located in the center of TMTM, to put it mildly, makes the dissonance that now dominates on the air seem coordinated. Maybe I just let my special sensitivity hear the sounds of words and phrases, but songs like The Rainbow Connection caused tears of joy, not irritation. Grodin's big solo during The Great Muppet Caper, without having the same resonance, he himself raises the tone of the film by eight steps. He is the whole class. And if there is something that TMTM can use, it rises eight steps in addition to achieving class similarity. TMTM also feels very tightly compressed in time when the story jumps from scene to scene without any consideration of the meaning or imparting a history of integrity. Maddox himself noted that the transition and cohesion make the film feel like a whole, and not as a messy set of pieces. See if you can find them in TMTM. <br /> <br /> Although TMTM has guest stars, they are either poorly used (Brooke Shields and John Landis), or completely devoid of their element (Liza Minelli, Dabni Coleman)). Calling it a waste of time for the puppeteer and the actor is flattery. Here the absence of a procedure for the final receipt of credits is especially acute, especially after the postscript town film “Go Home” for the “Muppets film”. What highlights another problem. The characters are poorly written at best, and none of their individual quirks have been noticed or heard. The animal occasionally shouts out special words, but they have nothing to do with the plot or the conversation around it. Say that you will be talking about character sets, but think about the Animal moment after using instant growth tablets or his “sowwy” after the incident when he lowered the window on top of his fellow Mpppets. Now let's see if you can remember a single memorable moment with a separate Muppet, besides the Swedish chef’s funny misunderstanding about a three-dimensional film with popcorn. Give up? Then you confirmed my point of view. <br /> <br /> Two years later, Labyrinth, one of Henson’s best and most timeless products outside of Muppets, arrived at TMTM. Perhaps this misfire convinced Jim Henson to rethink his strategy for developing and using characters. Or, perhaps, a misfire can be attributed to Frank Oz, who at that time had just finished working with George Lucas on the fact that many would agree that this is the most children's episode in the original Star Wars saga. The screenwriters also participated in the Big Caper Muppet, so I’ll let them off the hook, despite the fact that the script is one of the most important parts of the film. Production here has also improved significantly since the dolls look capable of moving like they used to. If the story and the script were better thought out, TMTM, at least, could be compared to The Great Muppet Caper. In its current form, this is an excellent answer to the question of whether Muppets are being influenced or singled out. <br /> <br /> For this reason, I gave the Muppets to take Manhattan three out of ten. Two, to mark its real quality, and a bonus for the moments of the Swedish chef. Without it, this film would be unavailable.
