The premise and the subject of how to make the criminal realize what his victims went through by capturing the hostages of his family sounds promising and interesting. But this is the only interesting part, about which the director Ravi Tandon in his film “Javab” (1985) also quite cleverly told about 20 years ago. The problem is that director Asa Rajkumar Santoshi was somewhat confused about making him a fast-paced action movie (namely, Khaki) or an emotionally heavy drama for heavy duty (namely Damini), and this confusion is quite obvious in the final result. If we ignore two of his-Pukar (2000) and Laj (2001), this brilliant director always gave us quite fascinating films with high entertainment value, so this film comes as a surprise, since it was this script that caused the delicate director to go for an unfinished characteristic of both his main characters are Amitabh Bachchan and Ahriman. When the film ended, the audience did not know who to hate and sympathize with, and this factor is the main deterrent force in the full narrative. Therefore, what begins as a war between the common man and the underworld Don ends as a strange note of self-realization and the regret of the don that went wrong with his own family. The disclosure of Don's son as a real villain is not an unexpected element in the climax, which compared to the similar situation in Khaki worked so effectively with the character of Aishwarya. This is not all, this is not all. The whole dramatization of the life of the Donets from the underworld, acting from abroad, looks rather illogical: its open landing in Mumbai, from where it seems to be hiding, as well as fleeing its enemies and shooting them themselves do not look believable. for example, “Ahriman” against Mr. Bachchan is also not a good idea, but, nevertheless, the film has its advantages. Excellent camera work by Ashoka Mehta, two good combat sequences (coordinator Abbas Ali Muhal), several light well-played scenes by Akshay Kumar in the first half of the year - Santoshi’s quick slippery appeal and, of course, Mr. Bachchan, as usual, tries his best to breathe life into his lifeless character. But all this together does not make this viewing an exciting experience for you and your family!
