I have not seen this movie for a long time, so I'm afraid I cannot be very specific in details ... He had some interesting moments. An attempt by Ralph Bakshi to revive the adaptation of the masterpiece JR Tolkien was a very ambitious project, so ambitious that at one point she went bankrupt during production. Consequently, he not only suddenly stops somewhere in the middle of the second book of the trilogy (with a hint of a sequel tint that was never made), the film itself does not seem to be finished. It seems that some of the characters were animated, while others were filmed, but it is difficult to say whether it is intentional or not. It seems that all this is made shabby and destroyed, especially the orcs and the Nazgul. Another problem, of course, is the huge gaps in the plot. Bakshi was in a hurry to finish this film, and for some reason he hoped to get a half of the book in a little more than two hours (the new Peter Jackson trilogy makes it about twice as fast). Too many important things are left out (and I do not mean only Tom Bombadil, who, I think, was beautiful in the book, but would have looked stupid in the film.) And, of course, an ending that is completely unexpected and inappropriate. I'm not even sure if Bakshi was going to finish the movie there initially, or he didn't even know where he was going to finish. <br /> <br /> Characters ... well, most of them were fine, the Hobbits don't look so bad (except for gay Sam. Did you know that the producers of the new trilogy initially wanted to make Sam a woman to be a female lead character?) If you're a Tolkien fan (like me), watch this movie (although I'm not too sure about buying it. What features are there in the DVD version, anyway?) But know in advance that you are not going to watch the real " Lord of the Rings "film, but not much more than historical curiosity, which probably does not look much better than in the 60s version if the Beatles continued their plan (I really think psychedelic LOTR might be pretty cool. The idea was to play George as Gandalf, Paul as Frodo, Ringo as Sam and John as Gollum. If you haven’t read the book or loved the book a lot, don’t like animated films or don’t want to watch the semi-finished item ... stay away.
