The opening scene of this film sets the pace for ninety minutes. Pictures are standard, ordinary and have the quality of a television movie. The landscapes flooded with snow are magnificent, but the characters they hold in themselves have the same quality as when looking at a photograph of such landscapes, the overwhelming feeling is a sense of distance. A part of the editing is of quite high quality and the work of an experienced professional, however, the dialogue is awkward and artificial, and it would seem that it has nothing to do with “real” conversations. Any emotional insight is supplanted in favor of swearing, which, of course, is the way in which everyone shows his true feelings. The action is slow and underwhelming, the general feeling that someone is running down your head with cold water, but so slowly that you barely notice, but in the end you feel miserable and feel a little sorry for yourself Incomprehensible situation. /> <br /> A mix of genres that Fessenden seemed to be trying to use; psychological thriller, horror and family drama, although it is commendably suffering from a serious lack of tension and interesting communication. The interaction of husband, wife and child trio is especially unrealistic. The themes of family relations, played out in a ghostly setting, have already been covered many times in excellent films, for example, in the movie The Shine (1980). The family unit here is torn by innocuous troubles that are difficult to understand or sympathize when considering the relative ambiguity of the scenario. <br /> <br /> Family unit is almost not pursued throughout the film, Fessenden plays thriller options Narration in favor of a slow family drama for most of the duration. Otis's “pursuer” figure has few visible motives for his behavior, and despite the fact that he is perhaps the most interesting and well-functioning character, he is still very underdeveloped. The main characters are the empty husks of people who were extremely difficult to relate to, their relationships with each other are particularly devoid of any feelings or feelings. Despite the fact that the ignorance of the young character Eric Per Sullivan by his parents seems to be part of the story, surely any reasonable person will ask questions to his son if he allegedly spoke to someone who apparently does not exist? People may accept this film as clever because of its relative lack of traditional aspects regarding horror films based on creatures, but this film fails in the genre in which you wanted to show it. You can read deep psychological meanings in every minute detail if you have to want this, but I think it would be better for people if they analyzed their carpet for some deep emotional meaning, rather than these meaningless subhuman creations.
