Just in time to benefit from the long-awaited version of the movie “Dream Girls”, this half-forgotten 1976 musical melodrama will be released on DVD, which also inspires the Higher Uprising. Released five years before the opening of “Dreamgirls” on Broadway and partially filmed during the same period, it is dominated by black characters and a story revolving around a young group, and this is where the similarity basically ends. Written by Joel Schumacher long before he became the director of a major league mainstream studio product (Batman Forever, Phantom of the Opera), this film seems darker on the surface. However, Schumacher, faithful to his form, weakens the storyline and character development, introducing an abundance of clichés and throwing one-liners into the eyes. Sam does not like to put on musical numbers, and Sam O'Stein, a respected film editor, but a neophyte director, directs the production as a low-budget television film with a frustrating episodic structure. <br /> <br /> The story is the following three sisters-halemmas — the sexy sister, the self-satisfied Delores, and the lovely Sparkle — when they sing in the church choir, they meet up with the good-natured, but friendly guys, Styx and Levi, and then for the first time acquire the taste of success singing group - first as a quintet in a sweater called Hearts, and then as a brilliant trio, known as Sister and Sisters. But, of course, there are problems that go beyond the silly name of the group - Sister contacts the dirty drug dealer Satine Struzers, who beats her up and turns her into a cocaine addict; Levi goes to jail for being caught on drugs for satin; Styx is upset about failure and unwisely appeals to some Jewish gangsters for financial help; Delores is just fed up; and poor little Sparkle must decide what future she wants. The big plus is that the great R & B Curtis Mayfield wrote atmospheric songs, some catchy and one, “Look Into Your Heart”, a real winner. <br /> <br /> Continuous cast makes everything possible in far-fetched circumstances. Lonette McKee's valiant attempt to make Sister a tragic figure is undermined by some plot twists, including Billie Halliday's sad turn in the microphone. Before they achieved great success in prime time, Philip Michael Thomas and Dorian Harewood portray Stix and Levy with boyish vitality, if not more confidence. The best work comes from Mary Alice in a relatively quiet turn, as the patient mother of girls and up to "Glory" Irene Cara, who effortlessly radiates sincerity in the main role (although her costume designer and stylist should be shot for the disgusting look she achieves in the final scene). The DVD only comes with an original theater trailer, complete with voiceover by DJ Casey Kasem and a bonus CD with five songs of the film, performed not by the original line-up, but by Aretha Franklin after the soundtrack recording in 1976. This is not a terrible film, just interesting, if there is a lack of curiosity, which turns out to be on the same land as Dreamgirls.
