Between 1937 and 1939 Twentieth Century-Fox made a ton of Mr. Moto’s films. However, towards the end of the series, it was obvious that the studio, so to speak, “jumped on a shark”. This phrase indicates that the TV show has passed its peak, and the responsible leaders decided to revive the show, radically changing the formula. For example, with “The Brady Bunch,” they presented the annoying “cousin Oliver,” and with “Family Ties,” they presented a strange child who grew up in six years in just one season! With the films “Moto,” they jumped from a shark, entering comic relief, because they thought that these intellectual films needed to be retrained. In the previous film, Warren Heimer played an annoying wrestler. And in this film appears the character Archibald Featherstone. Featherstone might just be one of the most annoying examples of comic relief ever, since you kept hoping that someone (preferably Moto) would kill him, just to plug him !! Although he should work for the famous Scotland Yard, he shows all the intelligence and insight of damaged brain turnips. Again and again, his scenes were boorish and unnecessary, and Peter Lorre just looks hurt when he stands there and watches this jester "act". This is so bad that it really destroys what CAN be one of the best films about a motorcycle because of its clever plot. <br /> <br /> As for the plot, the crown of the Queen of Sheba was discovered at the opening of the scene. Moto, now a more international policeman than the amoral character he originally was, is always ready to protect the precious item from theft. By and large, several thieves try to steal the crown independently of each other. <br /> <br /> In general, the film can be watched, but is also sufficient proof that the Moto series should have ended here. With the approach of the Second World War, films in any case could not have survived much longer, since the presence of a sympathetic Japanese leading character simply would not have been accepted in the United States or in the Allied countries.
