Are you familiar with the concept of children's creativity? Although it is not the greatest Picasso that three-year-old children have ever reached, you encourage them to do more. If drawing is what makes them happy, there should be no reason why the parent should deter it from the child. As a rule, if the child likes to draw or draw, you will immediately see the basics of your future style. You will begin to see their true form in these very primitive scribbles. Well, this concept of children's drawings is what I felt about the depressingly cheap and uncreative film “Lure” by Fuqua. While in all respects it was a terrible film, it was impressive to see how the style of Fuqua begins to manifest itself even in the most unpleasant moments. If you have seen either Training Day or King Arthur, you will be impressed by the birth of this director in his second film, Bait. While Foxx demonstrates a horrible, confused view, there are certain scenes that define Fuqua and demonstrate its magnificence behind the camera. Unfortunately, it only appeared in the last thirty minutes of the film, but if you focus only on these scenes, you will understand why the name Fukua appears in many of the “Best”? movie lists. <br /> <br /> I will never agree with someone that Fuqua's look behind the camera is refreshing and unique. His ability to place the camera in the most strange places, to convey the most simple emotions, is shocking. I am surprised that no more Hollywood jumped on this step. Even in a silly bait you witness the greatness of Fuqua. Two scenes that come to mind are the scene of the explosion near the middle of the film and the scene with the horse near the end. In both of these scenes I saw the director Fuqua at work. Alas, in the rest of this film, all I saw was a combination of almost every action movie created. A handsome hero who has lost his luck and suddenly discovered that his life has turned into an unknown force is a classical structure that just needs to die in Hollywood. We have seen this two often, and no matter who you are (unless you are Charlie Kaufmann), you cannot recreate the wheel. It's just not possible with this genre, and it is proven with Bait. I was annoyed with Fuqua for simply leaning back in my chair and letting this happen, which might explain why it took me three views to finish this movie. I was just tired of the structure, and although I hoped that Fuqua would review it, he did not. <br /> <br /> Then there was the game. While Jamie Foxx never impressed me as an actor, I was ready to try this driven car. I wanted to see if he could play another dramatic role similar to Collateral. I got the impression that maybe this film was chosen to show producers that Foxx can handle the role in the pledge. I was again disappointed. Foxx annoyed. Not in the sense that it was his character, but in the sense that neither Fuqua nor Fox took the time to fully educate Fox what to advertise and what should be used for further development. plot. Instead, we are hammered by Foxx, just trying to make the audience laugh. Adding second long quotes and statements about culture simply so that the audience understands that he was the first comedian, the second actor. Fuqua should have stopped this immediately. Jokes Fox destroyed his character, which, in turn, did not give me anything that could be understood. Instead of character development, he joked. Not a single style worked, not a single joke was funny. The rest of the cast was average. By this I mean that I saw them all in similar roles. They brought nothing new to the table, nothing solid in the plot, and nothing substantial in the general themes of the film. They were pawns filling the dead airspace. Fuqua did not control this mess, and the final verdict only supports this accusation. <br /> <br /> Overall, it was a sad movie. Without a creative approach and uncontrollable actors, just trying to surpass themselves, what initially began as a worthy story, ultimately sank more quickly into cinematic quicksand. Fox was annoying, without character traits and a full package of cheese. In every scene I didn’t see any emotions, and when emotions were necessary to convey a message, he decided to take off his shirt and not solve problems. Are my words harsh? I do not think so. When you watch any movie, you want to see some creativity, some edible characters and themes that seem to sound right next to the house. The bait contained none of this. While I give Fuqua some appreciation for the two scenes in this film, the remaining five hundred were disastrous. Apparently, I took the bait when I made this film, but now, having seen it, I hope I can prevent others from taking this curious bite. <br /> <br /> Rating: ** out ***** (for his two scenes that were fun to watch)
