666: The child begins with a plane crash, the only survivor in flight 666 was a boy named Donald (Boo Boo Stewart), who was adopted by news reporter Erica (Sarah Living) and her husband, cameraman Scott Lawson (Adam Vincent), after they covered incident for news 6 channel. At first, Donald looks like any normal child, but death seems to follow him everywhere, after warnings from a nun and vicar Scott begins to believe that Donald is evil and the cause of all deaths ... <br /> <br /> This is a movie horror right on the DVD was filmed by Jake Perez under the pseudonym Jake Jackson, and I must say 666: "The child is really poor." Whenever I see The Asylum responsible for the film, I’m worried, I’m worried because their track record is terrible. They seem to specialize in creating and / or distributing low-budget horror films, which are usually plagiarized to some recent successful big-budget horror films, and in the case of 666: Child, you don't need a degree in rocket science to understand that this is a complete plagiarism, capitalize on the recent The Omen (2006), which was released that same year. The screenplay of Benjamin Henry and Austin Laurel is terrible and simply cannot match the ambitions of the Hollywood equivalent. I mean, what exactly is Donald Antichrist expecting from a middle class family in a small town? Is this a great starting point for the destruction of the world? Each character in 666: "The Child" is some form of the protagonist from the Sign, the adoptive parents, the priest who tries to warn them, and the sinister nurse. There are really few incidents, there is almost no blood, and the plot is bad. I mean, Donald is killing the dentist because they were trying to fix his teeth, just so messy and useless, like all the disgusting pictures that Donald was from, where the nanny came from, and there is nothing that ties everything together, and it's just a scattered mess that just gets very boring very quickly. References to number 6 also become annoying and very inconclusive. <br /> <br /> Directed by Perez is all right, I believe he is competent, if not to say anything else. There is almost no blood or blood, there are a few splashes of blood, a cut off hand, and someone stuck on the face, but it sounds much better than on the screen. This, of course, is not scary, there is no atmosphere, thanks to a completely mild atmosphere in a country house, and there is no tension, because we never know what Donald is trying to do, and therefore there is no threat from him. <br /> <br /> Technically, the film is in order, it is well made, but since the film itself is so bad that it makes little difference. Acting is not so good, but at the same time I have seen the worst. <br /> <br /> 666: “The child is a poor man.” Robbery Omen, I would rather look at either the original, or redo it for any day of the week. Not good and definitely not recommended. Following the continuation of 666: The Beast (2007), which also went straight to DVD.
