WATERDANCE (1991) The protagonist of The Waterdance, played by Eric Stolz, finds himself in a rehabilitation center, where some others received similar injuries. And there he will have a new harsh life confined to a wheelchair. This is an interesting and promising premise, but unfortunately it cannot be expanded. Instead, it’s mostly Hollywood Schmalz with some interesting points. Of course, the cast (Eric Stolz, William Forsythe, Wesley Snipes, etc.) is brilliant, and here he shows good results, as one would expect, but their talents are in vain. Characters are mostly stereotypes of one kind or another, and most of them are completely incredible (the exception is the Snipes character). I believe that this is some kind of attempt to pierce people's ideas that people with disabilities are “crippled” or “weak” by portraying them, for the most part, as shots to the face, but this causes a completely annoying experience. Admittedly some of the things that people with permanent disabilities go through in a way that is not relaxed or romantic, which is useful, and a good idea, but while the process depicted can make a person difficult to get along with and worth it to do , it is not an integral part of what these characters must We are to some extent despicable. They wouldn't have to be Disney, either; Of course, there is a middle somewhere. According to the film’s conclusion, the character Eric Stolz accepted his status as disabled, but since he is such a fiery narcissistic monster from the very beginning of the film to the end, we didn’t care. <br /> <br /> In addition to the problems with the characters, the film suffers from a strange syndrome that many Hollywood films suffer from; The syndrome has no official name, but you can call it the "Unexplained Forgiveness Syndrome." It looks like this: the characters scold each other, and then, without any apology, everything is forgiven (a particularly unpleasant example is in the movie “Breakfast Club”, in which one character spends most of the time. The film verbally intimidates everyone within audibility, as a result - they love him. In one recent example, Spiderman 3, the supervillain Sandy Man devastates a piece of Manhattan, and then mourns Spider-Man for about 15 uniform minutes before dismissing what constitutes , now "). The most glaring example of IFS in The Waterdance is the sequence in which, after the racist biker character William Forsyth and his friends in the previous scene called him the n-word, the character Wesley Snipes screams with the same character Forsyth in the Next scene, as if nothing happened only in a short time. Again, without the words "Oh, yes, sorry for that thing, where I, you know, called you n-word." It surprises me, do these people really watch these films before releasing them, or do they just shoot them with their eyes closed, as if slapping them in the editing room according to the stage number and call it work of the day?
