Stifler finished his run and now visits Beta House. Crazy things happen, people run naked, they laugh at nerds, and this series is dead in the water. The Naked Mile was a shit movie, but I found it to be much better than Band Camp. It seems they have returned to what was not working for them, and this shows that they don't care either. You can tell where the target audience is and they nailed it perfectly. Young teenage boys who like to see naked women, rough humor and beer will love Beta House, everyone else can look away. <br /> <br /> Star Wars became a massive success, stunning the audience, beating it. time special effects. The Lord of the Rings created a whole world of mythical creatures and mass battles that blinded the eye. The matrix has changed the way we create action and science fiction films, in particular, using the most modern special effects. With all the advances in technology, we look forward to the next big thing that will lower our jaws to the floor. Then comes the American Pie: Beta House, which expands the possibilities of technology. When humans created spaceships, landscapes, and creatures using CGI, Beta House decides to use this technology to create sperm. Yes, what creates life, what you see so many times in pornographic films are created and time slows down to show us the white remnant to shoot across the room at a teddy bear. This is ridiculous? Disgusting? Neither? Beta House shows more nudity than the Naked Mile, which is surprising when you look at the names of previous releases. Need a movie? Of course not, does this ever advance the plot? Does it ever laugh? Does it ever awaken young boys? Yes, women are beautiful, but if I'm the one who thinks that this is too much naked body, then you can also just made porn. <br /> <br /> the woman who catches the affections of our main character is pretty and does not annoy the viewer, as the previous girls did in the series, but I never believed that this character would do the same thing as she. I am almost sure that every action of the characters in this film is far from realistic. A series of American pies fell out of reality into the world of fantasy. None of the events in this film will ever happen, if they ever happen, I need to attend this school IMMEDIATELY. Is this film supposed to make people feel that they are having a good time? Well, it is not, we observe how they have a good time. By the end of the film, we hate them for all the fun they have. <br /> <br /> In the film there is a scene called "The Deer Hunter". the film, but in order to make it “ridiculous” for today's audience, they decided to replace the bullets with a wit. Are you already laughing? Instead of shooting themselves in the sperm in the head or face, they put the gun in their mouths. Are you already laughing on the floor? The first time we meet Stifler’s roommate, he has sex with his girlfriend. Are you already applauding nudity? At first it seems that the film will be about boys trying to get into the brotherly house, but then it goes to them, already in the brotherly house, but in need of certain tasks. Then it moves on to the competition between nerds and boys. This reminds us a bit of “Revenge of the dummies” and seems out of place. Honestly, I don’t know what this film is about, because it is everywhere. <br /> <br /> Much of the comedy seems to have to give shocking meaning. Even at the beginning, dad showed his son a list of people with whom he had sex. There is a joke somewhere, I think it could be the fact that his wife is not the last name on the list, or it could be that the mother of one of his son’s friends was on the list. Either alone, it does not work. <br /> <br /> I think if you have not guessed it yet, this film is not funny. Nor does it seem focused, the story is pitiful, and the so-called rude humor for which the series was known is not shocking. Skip this backward fee and any future ones. I don't know why I saw all the entries in the series, but for some unknown reason, they seem to have found their way into my eyes.
