... that Jamie Fox will ever give such a wonderful Oscar-winning performance. One of the reasons why I was so impressed with Fox’s performance in “Ray” was that, watching his hammy, a disgusting actor in films such as “Lure” and “Ass”, I never thought that he will ever get an Oscar. If people had told me five years ago that Jamie Fox was going to win an Oscar one day, I would have laughed right in their faces. Who knows? Maybe he should stick to the drama, because if you watch The Bait, it becomes clear that comedy is not his forte. I swear Jamie is circling so much in this movie that I am surprised that his face has not fallen off. And why should he make these stupid voices at every opportunity? Anyone familiar with comedians, such as Bob Newhart and Stephen Wright, know that comedy doesn't need to be loud and unpleasant. If the joke is funny, it's funny. If this is not funny, then doing a crazy accent will not be funnier. I have a problem with some comedians who decide to try themselves as an actor, in that they prefer to laugh at the character. In real life, normal people do not always have witty responses and jokes. As Albert Brooks said in an interview telling about his character in Taxi Driver, it is important to be funny as a character, not a comedian. A vivid example of how Jamie breaks this rule is a sickeningly horrible scene where his pictures are taken with circles, and he begins to pose for photos, like a model. If an ordinary person had been thrown into prison, would he really behave foolishly when he was given injections? And wouldn't the police scold him if he was? There are many such scenes in the film. Another horrible episode when Jamie involuntarily talking on the phone with the villain, and he begins to invent a Caribbean accent. Not funny! Not to mention that Jamie never recognizes being a joke. Providing a comedic presentation requires patience, while it goes straight to the highlight, whether this is the right time for it or not. I'm not even a big fan of Mike Epps, but even his performance is good compared to Jamie. In fact, this is the first time I feel some relief when it appears on the screen. Epps has the same drawbacks as in comedy, but at least he chooses a more discreet approach. David Morse, one of the few bright moments in this comedy comedy, is an actor who is greatly underestimated, mostly known for his roles in the role of villains. He seems to be the only actor in the film to substantiate this in reality. However, fellow green star Dag Hutchison looks disgusting like a villain. A big surprise, given that he gave an excellent performance in the Green Mile, also playing a tough game. Antoine Fuqua proved his direction in films such as Replaceable Killers and Training Day. Even in Lure, he shows that he can control the hellish sequence of actions. His only problem seemed to be to discipline Jamie Foxx, who probably improvised half of the script with one bad joke after another. If you are not a devoted Foxx fan, please do not take the bait.
