I can't believe we watched this complete piece of shit, but we did, and I feel obligated to warn others to avoid it at all costs. When one of the main characters declares that he is gay twice in the first five minutes, do not ignore it as usual PC crap and believe that she should get better because this will not happen. If his disgusting guy hanging over him doesn't make you sick, then be grateful that the freak who wrote and / or sent this rude attempt is somehow trying to hold back a little. I mean, get real. It’s one thing for the movie to appear funny characters in such tangled times like this, but it’s quite another thing to be constantly slammed on the screen and studied closely and personally, when the liner’s notes clearly state that the film should be about the mother who is looking for a kind of "closure" due to the sudden death of his daughter. What does one have to do with another, can someone be tempted? Apparently, these two questions are inextricably linked. And if it wasn't bad enough, there is a bearded woman in an ice cream parlor. I mean, seriously, has this poor woman never heard of electrolysis? Why should she walk like that? At the very least, how about cutting an ugly thing, and while you're doing this, delete these horrible moles too. Do you want some of the ice cream she just served you? I think no. This should be in New Jersey. <br /> <br /> You might think that Diane Keaton could save this piece of wood, but think again. Did she really try to put lipstick on the corpse? I don't even want to think about it. So if the body had to be her own dead daughter. This is a grotesque excuse for cinema - sucks the word go, and that's all you need to do. I wish each of these characters just went into the waves and just kept walking. Not one of these strange people deserved our sympathy even for a moment. Believe me - pass this piece of shit. This is not about death, the mother, who inadvertently suffocated from her daughter, or even other much more unpleasant problems that she raises, no matter how little you want to hear it. This is a bunch of perverted rubbish from a lost and incompetent director.
