The plot of this terrible film is so confused that I raised a warning about the spoiler, because I'm not sure that I am distributing something. For the first time, viewers see a man dressed as Jack the Ripper kill an old man in a side street a hundred years ago. Then we are in modern times, and a young Australian couple is looking for a home. We are given an incredibly long tour of this house, and the husband sees a figure in the old mirror. There lived a 105-year-old woman. There are also large iron panels covering the wall in the den. The old-fashioned straight razor falls out when they repair, and the husband keeps it. I think he becomes obsessed with a razor because he has strange dreams. Oh yes, the couple can not have a child, because the husband dismisses the workpiece. <br /> <br /> It seems that some kind of mold goes up the wall after the steam removes the iron panels, and the shape is shaped like a man. Later in the story tells about a large stock of money, and the husband kills the guard and the employee and steals money. His wife is suddenly pregnant. <br /> <br /> What the hell is going on ?? Who knows?? Nothing is explained. Was the 105-year-old woman a child of a serial killer? Younger sister? Why put iron panels on the wall? How does this keep the serial killer in the basement? Was he locked there with his family and died of hunger or was he just hidden? Who is Mr. Hobbs, and why is he so desperate to get iron panels? He never saw again. WHY did a serial killer kill people? We see only one dead old man. Was there a pattern or motive or something ?? WHY wife suddenly got pregnant? Is this a serial killer demon? Did he manage to penetrate her husband's sperm? And why, if the husband could conquer and kill the huge, strong guard, he cannot overcome his wife? And how powerful is the voltage system in Australia that could cut it across the room just by cutting the light wire? And why does the wife stay in the house? Is she obsessed with serial killer now? Will a child be a reincarnated killer? <br /> <br /> This film was such a disappointing experience that I wanted to call my PBS station and ask for my money back! The ONLY pleasant aspect of this story was that the husband had been running in his shorts for a long time, but even this could not get rid of this confusing, incoherent mess.
