German nut Jörg Buttgereit, apparently, has fans - but I don't know why, and I'm definitely not one of them! The only film “Buttgrate” that I saw earlier was “Necromantic”, and I hated every minute of it, but, surprisingly, this film is worse! Der Todesking is meaningless in the same sense as Nekromantik, but it is the worst film because it’s boring in the way few films have ever made it (seriously, not far from The Blair Witch Project). Some people say that this film is “sick” and “shocking,” but in reality it is not. The director may have talked about death, but only he knows what it is. How someone can watch this movie and be something else, besides being bored, is completely outside of me. The film revolves around the topic of suicide and tells about the death of seven different people during the week. Yes, this means that we have a meaningless and boring episode on Monday, a meaningless and boring episode on Tuesday, a meaningless and boring episode on Wednesday, etc. Etc. D. This film can be even more boring than my average a week! <br /> <br /> “Der Todesking” seems to be a “feature film”, although this may seem like a reference to a method that does not really make sense, but not a reference to a film that has any similarity to “ art. Each segment of the film is intended to tell a separate story - but this is not so! We just get a little sketch of suicide, and it only makes you wonder what the point is. The film seems to have to be deep, but there is a huge void where there should be intelligence, and there is nothing that could fill it. Buttgereit uses several evocative images; but I can hardly remember any of them for more than a week or so, because this film is simply not so memorable. There is a frame with a decaying human body, which appears quite often, but it gets old pretty quickly, and all you have left is the rest of the film, which is regrettable. If I fought for good things to say about this shit, all I can think about is; The name sounds cool. As I already mentioned, “The Necromantic” is the only film I have seen with an amateur director. I have copies of Schramm and Nekromantik 2, and now I'm really in no hurry to look either. Der Todesking is a boring film with no meaning, and anyone who calls it “art” is very mistaken. Give it a miss.
