To avoid confusion, let me clarify a couple of points: I'm not a red neck. I am not even moderate or conservative. On the contrary, I am radical, libertarian. I am not a WASP, I was not even born in the States. <br /> <br /> Jorge Luis Borges said that there are people who do not feel poetry, and that these sad people usually make a living by teaching poetry. This film was made for people who do not feel poetry, and for Ponte; and I dare say, by people who have no sense of decency or, in this respect, respect for the lives or deaths of other people (especially when the victims are considered to be mostly “bloody imperialists” killed on the Yankees' land). I even find the original marketing idea of ​​eleven episodes of eleven minutes, nine seconds and one frame as particularly repulsive and repulsive. Just awful. Why do they not allocate a budget of as many dollars per episode as many people were brutally murdered during the attack? The whole idea lies somewhere between simple folly and reckless fascism. Anyone who is serious about filmmaking (and is serious about life and death), should have angrily refused to participate in this memory of insinuations and nonsexuals. With two exceptions: the episode from Burkina Faso - almost funny - and an episode from India - which documents the story of a man who was unfairly and incorrectly investigated in connection with the attack, on the grounds that he was not "returning home, he was American Muslim (and, in truth, when the facts became known, he was awarded the title of hero.) All the other nine episodes, in fact and extremely boring and unemotional, can be attributed to two different categories: <br /> <br /> first: “I don’t care about the thousands of victims: American tsy, foreigners, children, youth, adults, old-timers ... "and can be renewed in pure boredom and lack of emotion. Mahmalbaf (Iran); Lelouch (France) I'm afraid I'm going to commit heresy, because it is Lelouch, but maybe his episode can be considered based on an idea that can be considered almost original; Tanovic (Bosnia and Herzegovina); Gonzalez Inarritu (Mexico); Gitai (Israel); Penn (USA) <br /> <br /> Second: “Bloody Yankees deserve of this. " And can be renewed in frustration and hatred. Chakhin (Egypt) justifies suicide bombers; Loach (Great Britain) believes that the reckless attacks of 9/11 were a kind of punishment for the alleged US support for the dictatorship of Chile led by serial killer Augusto Pinochet, in fact, someone should inform Mr. Loach that Pinochet’s victims were not related to “ Al-Qaida and the fact that Chile is a South American country, the only existence of which Bin Laden should have ignored, he should also be informed that the sanctions of the American government against the Chilean dictatorship were tougher than anyone th other country; and Imamura (Japan) notes with enthusiasm that World War II is associated with an attack on the World Trade Center. Imamura, at least, was consistent in this: the supposed connection between the effect and the effect is completely meaningless, which goes well with his episode, including a person who considers himself to be a snake. It pretends to be obscure. Instead, it's pretty ridiculous. <br /> <br /> Many, including some Americans, share some kind of mistake, and it lies in the fact that this film was not shown on a commercial basis in the States due to some kind of censorship. Nothing further from the truth: this film was not shown in the States, because it is a complete failure. Fiasko wacky look. Even in Buenos Aires, where Peronism and other forms of fascism are the closest and dear to the hearts of a significant number of its inhabitants, and anti-Americanism is in fashion, the film was shown in living rooms hastily turned into theaters, and a very select public was welcomed: the usual sad few, who usually applaud other equally "fancy" glasses. As a kind of fast food restaurant McDonald's or perhaps an elderly Jew, burned to the ground.
