Singleton has some serious problems that he must deal with. I have a feeling that he thinks he is pretty clever; however, this film is almost ridiculously transparent and self-satisfied. In addition, there are a lot of messages about what can be done correctly, for example, when our local Nazi assholes are beaten. I mean, who in their right mind is going to root for the Nazi assholes? Nevertheless, he, as Singleton portrays the “battle,” is completely stupid and seems to be designed to show us more of the superior fighting qualities of black heroes than anything else. There is another “bad guy” (actually a drunk boy) who will rape one of the main characters of the film. In this case, I think that Singleton is actually doing a good job, portraying that it’s probably too common a situation when the woman involved asks her brother to use a condom, but he either doesn’t have it or does not want to use it. In any case, he does not agree with her demands that he stop, and he continues to communicate, despite her requests. I think this type of rape is too common, and in fact many people in the form refuse to admit the fact that it is even rape. Well, no, so no, this is rape, which probably happens often in universities all over the country. <br /> <br /> After the rape was established, how does Singleton deal with it? When a boy brother tries to call a woman, her neighbor refuses to call the victim on the phone, and at that moment the boy brother calls her neighbor a "black bitch." The injured roommate seems to turn to lawyer Ice Cube and others, who then begins to physically humiliate and mock the boy brother, repeating and continuing the roommate's “apologies” for his racist remarks; however (apparently, according to Singleton), the lesser crime of rape is not mentioned. Again, no one should feel sorry for the fraternity; However, Singleton seems to send a double message that a racist comment is a more serious crime than rape, and in any case, violence is justified against shocks. <br /> <br /> What ultimately causes such disappointment is that this film could have. In fact, it was about something important, but Singleton, without a doubt, a talented director, does not seem to be possesses sufficient maturity or depth to achieve something of this magnitude.
