“Blob” begins with one of the strangest songs in history, sung by an uncredited Burt Bacharach of all people! You really have to hear it in order to believe it, perhaps The Blob can only look at this song, and my summary of user comments is just a little taste of the cool lyrics ... After this unnerving sequence of introductory credits, The Blob introduces us, the viewer, there is Steve Andrews (Steve McQueen as Stephen McQueen) and his girlfriend Jane Martin (Aneta Corso), who are parked somewhere on their own and are witnesses of how a meteorite looks like it is falling to Earth in nearby forests. The old man (Olin Howland as Olin Houlin), who lives in the cabin, also sees this and goes to investigate, he finds a crater and a strange stone the size of a soccer ball, which splits when he unwisely pokes it with a stick. In the center of the meteorite is a strange jelly-like substance that sticks to the stick, if you know what I mean! Then he slides up the stick and attaches to the old man's hand. Meanwhile, Steve and Jane calmly go about their business when the old man runs out in front of Steve's car, and Steve, being a decent guy, decides to take the old man to Dr. T. Hollan (Alden Steven Chase as Steven). Chase) in local surgery. Dr. Hollan says he doesn’t know what the substance is on the old man’s hand, but it gets bigger and asks Steve to go back to where he found him and see if he can figure out what happened. Steve agrees, but does not invent anything, and, returning to Dr. Hallan's surgery, he becomes a witness of how a drop of it devours him. City police, Lieutenant Dave (Earl Roe) and teenager-hating sergeant Jim Burt (John Benson), unsurprisingly, don’t believe a single word and end up suspecting Steve and his fellow Aly (Anthony Frank), Tony (Robert Fields) and someone nicknamed "Much" Miller (James Bonnet), who plays a tough practical joke at the police department. However, as the blob continues to feed, he sneaks through the entire city, and Steve is trying to find evidence of his existence and convince the police of the threat he represents not only for their city, but for the whole world! <br /> <br /> Directed by Irwin S. Yeaworth Jr. and an uncredited Russell S. Doughton Jr. I was completely disappointed with this original 1958 version of Blob. Scenario Kay Linker as Kate Phillips and Theodore Simonson - absolute boredom and extremely boring, not allowing maximum use of its strengths. Blob focuses on tedious dramatic events and conflicts between adolescents and the police, in fact most of the Blob is spent on Steve trying to convince the police of the existence of this blob. For most of the movie, the ball itself seems almost unimportant and somewhat forgotten. He has only two or three scenes in the first hour and a little bit until a less exciting climax occurs, when adults and teens have to work together to beat a drop and get each other's recognition after that, damn it! Why can't blob just eat them? No explanation is given of what a drop is or its origin, except that it came from space, how long did it take for them to come up with it? Dialogue is clumsy and stupid, like people's actions and decision-making, I like the role when a nurse named Kate (Lee Paton as Lee Payton, did anyone use her real name in this thing?) Faces a big drop, she sheds on him acid and calmly declares: “Doctor, nothing will stop!”, how does she know that “nothing” will stop this for sure? There is no blood and violence, so do not worry about it, the special effects on the BLOB object itself are not so bad, considering that it barely has enough time for the screen and it moves very slowly, a bit like the film as a whole. The game is terrible, McQueen should be a teenager, when in fact he was 28 years old, and this shows that he looks old enough to be his own father! The same applies to the majority of other “teenage” actors, and all, generally speaking, are wooden and unconvincing in their roles. Technically, Blob is a very simple, gloomy static photo, a boring direction and forgotten production values. “Blob” is one of those films that probably sounds good on paper and is well known as “classic”, but in fact it is a huge disappointment when they see it. This is one case where the remake of The Blob (1988) is definitely better than the original. The original Blob is slow and boring, but the remake is not, the original Blob does not contain blood or blood, and the remake does, the original Blob has incredibly bad acting and casting decisions, and the remake is not, and the original Blob itself becomes very short on the screen three or four people throughout the film, and in the remake there is a drop all the time, and it practically eats the whole city. The choice is easy, remake every time, as this is the best movie in all respects. I will give the film two stars and one beautiful main theme music. Definitely not a classic that many seem to distinguish.
