This is nothing more than a strange coincidence that I decided to watch STARLIFT on the 59th anniversary of that day in June 1950, when President Truman ordered the American troops to enter the Korean War. STARLIFT, you see, is located mainly at the Travis Air Force Base in California in the years when it was used as a springboard for soldiers sent to fight in Korea. But you need to do your own research to find out, because the name Korea has never been mentioned in the film. We see a transport plane taking off with fresh troops and returning with wounded soldiers, but there is no mention of where these people will fight or get injured. It's a little weird for a film made to fly a flag and greet the people of America in uniform. Launched in December 1951 by Warner Brothers, STARLIFT is an obvious attempt to replicate the success of the star-studded World War II combat training booster, the Hollywood Dining Room studio. In 1944, an amateur crowd told a story about how two soldiers spent the last three nights of a vacation at the famous Armed Forces nightclub in Los Angeles hoping to meet with Joan Leslie. But in fact, it was just a reason for Warners to push every star on the contract, from Joan Crawford, John Garfield and Barbara Stenvik to Peter Lorre, Bette Davis, Sydney Greenstreet and many others. In STARLIFT there are two Air Force soldiers who hope to meet the fictional star Nell Wayne (according to the rules of Janice, which looks like a mask) and persuade a bunch of Warner Bros. stars. arrange a show for departing troops. But instead of Crawford, Garfield and the other best brothers Warner could muster in 1951 were Doris Day, Ruth Roman, Gordon McRae, Virginia Mayo, Jean Nelson, and Phil Harris, with fleeting appearances by James Cagney, Randolph Scott, and clearly looking embarrassed by Gary Cooper. This emaciated cast, whose combined star strength will compete to illuminate a standard lamp, blends perfectly with sluggish performance. Presumably, to save money, several long scenes were shot using a very bad backward projection. How bad is it? You can see the connection where the screen meets the floor of the sound stage! To describe STARLIFT as sloppy, lazy and third film, it means doing a disservice to films that are sloppy, lazy and third. That's just terrible. Avoid this.
