Wow, boy. <br /> <br /> Ever wanted to see a documentary about a megalomaniac that ruins his own life and pushes everyone around? Well, they exist in many forms. But have you ever wanted to see this documentary about a man who ultimately failed to do anything, despite all the praises about what an artistic “genius” he is? Well, you could just take a camera and find someone like that in any local scene (I know that they are everywhere, and I don’t even watch the local scene), or you could save yourself from problems by spending money by watching this joke. <br /> <br /> The premise is good, and, frankly, it’s not that the filmmakers know exactly where it is going, given that this is one of the difficulties in creating a documentary. We were created to follow two groups: The Brian Jamestown Massacre, led by Anton, and The Dandy Warhols, headed by Courtney. I heard about Dandy Warhols before watching this film ... not like Brian Jamestown’s slaughterhouse. What for? Well, in terms of this documentary, because Brian Jamestown's intergroup dysfunction denied them the ability to do so in the music industry. However, instead of becoming an analysis of two separate groups and how one of them succeeded, the focus is on more of Anton and his madness. <br /> <br /> Because, you see, Anton is a genius. "Because he plays rock music. He really" understands the evolution of music "... because he plays rock music with many different instruments. His music is considered to be 'postmodern retro, but future' ... because it is rock - music. He wants to make a "revolution" ... through rock music. Okay, let's face it ... in twenty minutes, and this is one of the silliest kids I would like to watch a documentary about. <br /> <br /> The documentary itself is not really suitable for the demonstration of any of Anton's talent, then that because we have reduced 2000 hours of material to a quarter of a short two hours, we don’t have time to concentrate on that. So instead, we’ve seen Anton, the “genius”, the social manic loser, who during these two The clock turns out to be a jerk, and he is simply told to understand that he made really great music. Whether he is or not, I won’t know because the documentary didn’t have enough time to prove it. What I really know is that we have a story about some egocentric, otherwise running around the country, calling itself the God of music and not doing anything to support it. Why even watch this? People like Anton do not deserve the attention to which they aspire, the hopes and admiration of all these different people, and especially the post-unsuccessful passing of lost potential. This film sounds like a two-hour draft of the VH1 for a special reason: it talks about music all the time, but it's all about image and attention. Look at the guy, see how he dresses, see how he acts, see how he tries to create a contradiction, because he cannot afford marketing. <br /> <br /> To be honest, the only interesting character in this film is Joel, and this is because of someone from this documentary, Joel is the only person who seems to have fun. Maybe it's because he is a tambourine. All the rest - "rock stars"! They deserve our attention and admiration, and interest, and commitment! They are there to "save rock and roll." Do you remember when The White Stripes were supposed to "save rock and roll"? Yes, it was because of Anton, and “selfishly from their side not to mention me (Anton) as inspiration”. What a load. People like Anton are best forgotten. This documentary explains why mainstream music is so boring - because music executives have to deal with people like Anton, and ultimately can only give their support to someone safe and passionless. Thank you very much, Anton. Your antics spoiled the music for EVERYONE you touched, whatever the opposite opinion. And if the people who “know” about Anton do not agree and he really was a genius, it still shows how bad this documentary is, that it cuts it that way. <br /> <br /> --PolarisDiB
