I entered this film with high hopes. I am usually not very picky about my films, and creature films * are * always * fun to watch, or so I thought. I will list the good parts of this movie: - Effects of creatures. All creatures were well made, their movements were realistic, and they fit well into other images. Honestly, the effects of the creatures were the only reason I gave this movie 2, not 1. Now, the bad things: - The game. Lord, I saw a bad game, but this film takes the cake. None of the characters are even close to believable. This is similar to how the director sent out the casting and chose from it all the worst attempts. I tried very hard not to giggle too loudly, because I didn’t want to upset anyone else in the theater, but in reality the game was BAD. - Storyline: the whole story is full of holes from the plot from beginning to end. You can select at least 5 holes from every 30 minutes of the movie. Plot holes, of course, are free with cheese. This is probably one of the most mediocre, not thought out and frankly stupid stories that I have ever seen on the screen since I had the great misfortune to sit one night and watch “The Parasite” on SciFi. Dialogue. This is a world in which everyone says the most stupid and the most banal that only can, at any opportunity. In this world, it seems that every line has been said before, in at least 30 other low-budget creature films. This is the world of cheese and cliché. -Special effects. Although the effects of the creatures were absolutely amazing, the special effects failed. Yes, they are better than in other films, but a lot of this is in the presentation. And this film has no idea at all. Honestly, this is similar to the special effects used in the series Power Rangers. To summarize: Dragon Wars is not worth your time or your money. The idea is good, but it is trapped in bad direction, acting, dialogue and the gaiety of the film. Wait until the next big monster movie comes out. This should be better, because Dragon Wars is absolutely terrible.
