The Hollywood Hotel was the latest movie musical that Busby Berkeley directed to Warner Bros. His directorial style has changed or evolved to such an extent that this film did not have his subscription frames or huge serial series with thousands of additional materials. By the last years of the thirties, large groups in swing style recorded the most popular hits of the year. The Era of the Swing, also called the Age of the Grand Orchestra, dates from different periods from 1935 to 1944 or from 1939 to 1949. Although it is impossible to pinpoint the moment when the Swing Era began, Benny Goodman’s participation in the Palomar Ballroom in Los Angeles. The end of the summer of 1935 was certainly one of the first signs that the swing had entered the minds of American youth. When Goodman introduced his swing repertoire, rather than the dance music in the style of society that his band played, the youth in the audience went wild. This was the beginning, but since radio, live concerts and word of mouth were the main methods available to propagate the phenomenon, it took some time for the swing to make enough forays to produce the big hits that appeared on the pop charts. In Hollywood Hotel, the appearance of Benny Goodman and his orchestra, as well as Raymond Page and his orchestra in the film indicates that the film industry was ready to benefit from a change in musical taste (the film was shot only after a year and a half or so). after the engagement of Goodman with the Palomar Ballroom). There are several interesting musical moments in the Hollywood hotel, but, apart from Benny Goodman and his “Sing, Sing, Sing” Orchestra, there is nothing to boast about. Otherwise, the most interesting musical episodes are the introductory parade “Hooray for Hollywood” and the production number “Let this be a lesson for you” at the Drive-in restaurant. The film is the most interesting to see and hear as Benny Goodman and his orchestra play, as well as Dick Powell and Francis Langford sing.
