ROYAL MANUFACTURER will undoubtedly be successful in Thailand, where the similar (but superior) Legend of Suriotai sets box office records. The film directed by Lek Kitaparaporn after the screenplay of Sean Casey based on a historical fact in 1547 Siam has some amazingly beautiful visual elements, but it is removed from the guard of one of the most corniest, pedestrian scenarios and development of the plot on film. <br /> <br /> The event in question is the arrival of a Portuguese soldier of fortune Fernando de Gamma (Gary Stretch), whose revenge for his father’s murderer makes him suffer a shipwreck, seize him and throw him into slavery and put him on a block in Ayutthaya in the kingdom of Siam, where he was bought by the beautiful Maria (Cindy Burbridge) with the consent of her father Philip (John Rhys-Davies), a man with a name and a past that unfolds as the story progresses. There is a conspiracy to overthrow the king and Fernando and his new Siamese buddy Tonga (House Hetrakul), after some unwarranted CGI strengthened the martial arts choreography, awarding the king for the first time to become his bodyguards, only to be imprisoned together like only Queen Sudachan (Yohe Hassadeevich) talks about her plot to kill the king and son in order to allow her beloved Lord Chakkrafat (Oliver Puparta) to take power over Siam. And yet, of course, Fernando and Tong flee and are doomed to fight each other in order to save the lives of their families (the wife and children of Tonga and now Fernando’s lasting love for Mary) with the expected consequences. <br /> <br /> The acting game (with the exception of John Rhys-Davis) is so weak that the film sometimes seems like it was supposed to be a camp. The predominant Thai cast is struggling with poorly written dialogue, making us want them to use their native Thai language with subtitles. Jan Livingstone’s musical accompaniment sounds like exhumed from old television series. But if you are looking for visual splendor, then this is enough, and only this makes the film worthy of attention. This is a film that has obvious financial support for all the special effects and the masses of actors and scenery and shows its good intentions. These are just the basics that are missing. Grady harp
