Like most reviewers, I saw this on Starz! On request, on request. After watching the preview with my girlfriend, she decided not to watch it because of how bad the preview looked. I, on the other hand, thought it looked strange enough to justify the observation. I mean, the design of one Dr. Mezo justified at least a brief overview of this name. After looking at it, I can say that, although it has some interesting aspects (namely, viewing notebooks and trying to figure out an incomprehensible story), it is better to skip this one. <br /> <br /> * Major spoilers ahead * After vocalist Cassidy shot his first video for his not-finished CD, he killed himself, trying to get his boyfriend Neal to notice it. After 3 months the band is trying to decide whether they are going to finish the album or not. To try to find out what Cassidy would like, they go to visit their psychic old friend, Dr. Mezo, and try to contact her through him. When reading his cards, Dr. Mezo selects four death cards for the four remaining members of the group. Bad times are ahead. (I just wanted to emphasize that later in the film they explain that the Death Card really represents a change. Thank them for that, at least.) Even without the approval of their late friend, they decided to go ahead and finish the album. But while in the bathroom, Cassidy’s best friend, Dora, caught a glimpse of her late friend. When another partner enters to check on her, Dora stands in the dark asking for his glasses. That's when the murder begins. <br /> <br /> My main problem with the film from the very beginning is that it seems to be heavily stylized as an error. Too many distorting effects, unnecessary magnifications, and many other cheap effects make this movie appear. Inconsistent storyline also helps nothing. While the narrative connects for the first part, when Cassidy is resurrected, everything collapses. We have jumps between Cassidy and Dr. Meso (who was mysteriously able to penetrate the locked building), which show that they are somehow connected. However, a few minutes after this revelation, we discover that Cassidy is a truly independent being from Mezo. She then turns on the guy who helped her retaliate, and he runs off in a way that reminds Jack Nicholson as a Joker. But not in a good way. <br /> <br /> From this point on, Cassidy’s whereabouts are shown, but strange mistakes happen when a character moves from one place to another almost out of order. In one scene, we see Cassidy standing at the table, when a character enters the next one, she is nowhere to be found. When he moves around the table, we see her at the end of the corridor. Then in another room, grabbing the keys (which Neil already has), then back again. Not to mention the fact that the mood of Cassidy from one moment to another, it seems, passes as much as 180 years without a catalyst. At one point, she wants to kill everyone (although she hurt only 90% of the characters) - the next time she apologizes to everyone and leaves the door to die again. Is the sound confusing? This is because it is. This is a mess, which I am sure the writer could not even understand. <br /> <br /> As far as performances are concerned, most of them are especially wooden. Although some of them are interesting, in general this is not a play that is known for its play. History is the driving force behind this work.
