This week, I just thought it would be fun to catch up with Corey Chaim, just by watching two films “Lost Boys” last week and all that. Not that I was a fan - not that far - but I liked these two Corey in some films in his early teens. <br /> <br /> So, I prepared for the three films with his participation. Unfortunately, I chose "Dream Machine" as the first (never seen before), and it was so terribly awful that I just decided to lock Corey in my closet and let him sober up first before I jump into something else . him. But I managed to get through this movie first. I got the impression that he desperately wanted to play in the same league as Ferris Bueller's Weekend (1986), but fell into his own delusions. Almost the entire film he wants to be a comedy, but towards the end he is hopelessly trying to become a thriller. The only good thing about the Dream Machine is the premise: a dead body in the trunk of a Porsche. Everything else fails so badly, it's a shame. Even more for Haim. I can understand that he is young, passionate about himself, but at least when he comes with some kind of directives. This was clearly not the case in the Dream Machine. So, we have the perfect car, yes, this black Porsche. Haim's perfect girlfriend? Just a blonde who hardly has any traits in the movie The Perfect Murder ... Almost? Some dude who doesn’t cope with his ass as a villain of a film tries to steal the whole film back from the chest, but in fact it fails, and then at the end of the film he thinks that he is Michael Myers (except for William the White). Shatner's Mask) and Corey Haim's mistakes for Jamie Lee Curtis. Do not think that they could make this click any lamer if they tried. A silly, unfunny movie with a story that leads nowhere to a director who doesn't know how to direct his actors. Great achievement! <br /> <br /> The last question for Mr. Haim: who thought you should smile straight into the camera in the last shot of the movie? Yours or directorial? This is not done.
