I hope that the spectator, who regards the “Dream Machine” as one of the best and “best films of the century” by Corey Chaim, was joking. Undiscovered sarcasm on my part? I sincerely hope so. <br /> <br /> The Dream Machine marks the first of a long line of mediocre capers that will interfere with the rest of Corey Chaim’s career (except for the Prayer for Inline Skating, which was surprisingly decent). Here, Haim plays a casual student Bernie, who believes that a cool car will attract the attention of the girl of his dreams. Fortunately for Bernie, a rich woman who intends to take revenge on her changeable husband, hastily decides to reward his loyal piano tuner, Bernie, with a gift: an elegant Porsche Turbo. However, unnoticed by a woman and regrettable for Bernie, her dead husband was killed and his body was hidden in a chest. Now that the bodies in this film do not seem to decay or have a rather disgusting funk, Bernie does not know about it. In fact, the forgotten boy does not suspect that something suspicious is happening, despite several strange circumstances. In particular, it is followed by a grizzly, desperately trying to keep this body relatively unnoticed. <br /> <br /> This is a base action, like many of Chaim’s films like this (see “The Twin Child”). ). Although partially filmed, partly a romantic comedy, this film cannot offer the viewer something interesting, at least during the first forty-five minutes, during which directors spend more than enough time to show the immediate problem ( that is, Bernie is in possession). car and the dead body, and the killer, learning that Porsche will be difficult to find). After that, and thanks to the bad game of Haim (I also loved this child, but not quite blasphemous to admit the times when he clearly could not behave) and the lack of real immediacy and emergency between Bernie and the villain who makes most of the events unconvincing and as a result, insignificant. To add insult to insult, the soundtrack was incredibly funny and sounded more like a matter of course songs that you would hear in Team America (see the “Date” Editing). <br /> <br /> However, loyal Corey Haim fans should not be disappointed to see their boy in abundance. However, others who understand that Haim’s career probably peaked when he was 14 or 15 years old, and he never recovered, can expect mediocrity, since viewers who are just looking for fluff comedies from the early 90s to pass the time.
