Michael Kane has always claimed that Ashanti was “the only film he made entirely for money,” and also “the worst film he ever starred in.” Wait, Michael, haven't you been in a rush and rush? And weren’t both films much worse than Ashanti? Perhaps Kane is too reluctant to recall the physically punishing requirements of shooting an action movie at hot temperatures of 130 degrees Fahrenheit (directed by Richard Fleisher was hospitalized as a result of sunstroke during the shooting). The fact that Ashanti actually appears is not the bottom point of Michael Kane’s career. Instead, it is a very ordinary fighter with a talented cast, exotic locations, boring scenes and a very formulaic storyline. <br /> <br /> Dr. David Linderby (Kane) is a W.H.O physician who is devastated when his black wife, Anans (Beverly Johnson) goes missing during a trip to a village of African tribes. Linderby gradually understands that his wife was abducted by slave traders - led by Suleiman (Peter Ustinov) - and he sets off in pursuit across the continent, which ultimately leads to the Middle East. <br /> <br /> Along the way, the Stars drop in for ineffective and extra guest roles. William Holden has a bad cameo as a helicopter pilot; Omar Sharif shows little of his usual charm or grace as a spoiled Arab millionaire; Rex Harrison looks rightly bored during his short role as a useful contact who helps Kane in his quest. The film is based on a best-selling book called Ebano, written by the little-known author Alberto Vazquez-Figueroa, but this adaptation largely lacks the uncertainty that made the book so popular. Ustinov is charismatic as a slaver (he seems to be unable to show bad qualities in all his films), and Kane causes plausible torment as a man who thinks that he will never see his wife again. There are occasional flashes of action, but on the whole, Ashanti is rather slow. In general, this is a depressing slice of an action movie - not so much strained as Kane often suggested, but not a very inspiring film and, of course, frustration from all the talents involved.
