This is one of the worst movies ever made by Clark Gable. Only PARNELL was clearly worse. This is so painfully clichéd, and the dialogue is so lousy that it’s not that neither Gable nor Jean Harlow should be proud. <br /> <br /> Gable is a heel, whose illegal activities lead to the fact that his girlfriend is going to Slammer (as a gangster conversation?). She hopes that he will do the right thing, but he just leaves her there - it is not known which of them, damn it, that she is "family-like." In the end, the scammer comes back to do the right thing, and somehow they tie it all into a happy ending! They seem to have forgotten that Gable needs to take rap and spend several years in prison. Leonard Maltin says that "the stars are the best here." What standard? Best in producing an unintentional laugh? Give me a break! <br /> <br /> PS - after this, my wife thinks that Leonard Maltin will find me and kick me in the ass. Hmmm However, despite my comment, I think that Mr. Multin is the best reviewer and person on the planet (I hope this calms him down). <br /> <br /> UPDATE - 2/2/08. Since I really didn’t like this film for the first time (especially the funny ending), I decided to watch it again. In the end, sometimes, when I watch a movie again, I like it better, and I understand that I was too harsh. Although in recent months this has happened with several films, I still didn’t like this film - even the second time. Most of this was not due to the first half of the film. In the first half, Harlow's character was surprisingly stupid, but at least it was believable. But when she was sent to prison, it was all a cliche until the final ridiculous marriage scene occurred. The bottom line is that this sequence is embarrassingly stupid - it simply does not make any sense and is akin to turning the film into some kind of stupid tale instead of a love story about two minuses. I support my original review (in spite of all “NOT USEFUL”) and I think that, apart from PARNELLA and, possibly, “POLLY IN THE CIRCUS”, this might just be the worst Gable movie.
