So I rented it from Netflix because someone gave me a book by Roger Ebert “I hated, hated, hated this film” and he gave it a rare zero rating in the book and said at the end of his initial review “Time for a Mad Dog” . should be cut to provide a free choice of ukulele for the poor. "So, I thought that Ebert said that I would see if it was as bad as he said. I know that most of society say not to listen to critics and judge for yourself, but I couldn’t express how much I hated this piece of junk like Ebert, and never after Ebert’s review of Rob Reiner “North,” where he said that he hated this movie ten times I have ever heard such a brilliant review of the movie of hate. we have gangster richard dreyfus and i don't think that it would be terrible to see Dreyfus as a gangster, if the script of this film was written well. But besides everything else that was terrible in this “film”, I can tell you that the script was written poorly. While the film begins with Jeff Goldblum , who says he liked watching Dreyfus's girlfriend while Dreyfus was in a crime hospital, the film starts with a decent dialogue after the opening credits, but after these first 4 or 5 minutes, the remaining 85 minutes just consist of stupid characters that are meaningless Olt 30 seconds, and then someone was shot. Then there are a lot of jokes about Dreyfus mental illness. Haha Not funny. Then we get an unpleasant and unfunny scene parodying “My Way” by Frank Sinatra, sung by Gabriel Byrne, apparently to insult Dreyfus. Of course, because the script was written at the sixth-grade level, Dreyfus shoots Byrne more than five times, and Byrne just won't die. Should we as a spectator care or consider it a little ridiculous? Of course, I can tell you that I didn’t care or find it funny. Not only am I disappointed in Dreyfus (whom I admire as an actor) for producing and starring in this trip, but I am also extremely disappointed in Jeff Goldblum because it was released that year when Independence Day was the highest grossing film . year and ultimately one of the most successful films in history. Did Goldblum feel that “Independence Day” would fail, and then simply take the next role that was offered to him to make some money if “Independence Day” was a bomb? What did the Oscar winner and the star of the two largest money-making films ever show? The introductory part of Mad Dog Time says that the film unfolds on another planet. I only wish that now I spent 93 minutes watching this garbage so that it would stay and open in theaters on the planet, where it supposedly happens so that everyone on this planet could never come here with this ridiculous waste of 93 minutes my life I will never return. I'm afraid Ebert said the film should have been cut. In each copy of Mad Dog Time, it was necessary to pour gasoline and light a fire. I have yet to show the worst film I've ever seen, because this film won the honor of being the worst film ever.
