What an insult to Olivia D'Abo who plays the heroine of the film, Robin, is that Keanu Reeves looked so wide on the film's artistic design (and, at least in recent reprints, that only Reeves appears on the box), given that she was a star. I understand that it is his name that will eventually sell this long-forgotten after-school specialty, but at least it will give a woman some credit. <br /> <br /> Despite this, it has to be one of the worst sports films for teens that I have ever seen, and it’s very difficult to add not only every cliche for teenagers and sports films from the class war between the warring gymnasts teenage romance. And in an effort to somehow manifest itself as an amateur alternative to Flashdance (with music in one of the warehouse dance scenes even very close to the famous “Maniac” Michael Sembello, who became famous for Flashdance, or vice versa?). It includes similar dance sequences and, even worse, even dance and sports traditions of the 80s for banal dances between the heroine and her antagonists, who doubt her success and abilities in the team. We saw it in Trashin '(vert ramp joust) and Rad (BMX dancing at the prom, although it was not so much for competition, but for fun), for example. In fact, this film is full of unrealistic self-interest, such as homo-erotica in the clothes of the Salvation Army with Robin and her friend from the team. <br /> <br /> However, the film is about a young girl from a rather poor background. To complete this tremendous need to squeeze out as much sympathy from the audience as possible, she lives with her sick mother, her disgusting sister, and her careless (and slightly offensive) stepfather. Needless to say, home life is not so attractive. Add to this a mix of talent for gymnastics, but several obstacles to joining the team (including the troubles of its arrogant, snobbish teammates and coach, who also ultimately doubts her ability to compete well). And, of course, we can't forget that she has eyes on one of the cute boys who meets with one of his nasty teammates, or the fact that she doesn't have a regular boyfriend (although Keanu in the role of Tommy later enters picture) Can this baby be more miserable? And it seems that one mess after another is confused in its painfully long, redundant and clichéd desire to prove its value to all. <br /> <br /> But even the main moments of cheerfulness, which make up the majority of the film, are hardly worth mentioning, given that the biggest distraction to this film is a terrible game and dialogue. (I like the way the trainer in the gym suddenly appears at the diner in the middle of the dance to scold teammates). This makes the episodes of "Amazing Stories" look like Shakespeare. <br /> <br /> I believe that anyone who can find this film and watch it these days is probably attracted to it mainly because of the nostalgic factor. For this you can be satisfied, but it is also an incredibly compelling drama. So beware.
