After watching this film, I still had two very unpleasant thoughts about this film: why did they make Chen’s character “MacGyver's hired killer” and Li’s as such an incompetent idiot? The story of Chen's character lies in the fact that he grew up in an underground Cambodian shelter for a bloodthirsty fighter, where they learn to fight to the death like wild "dogs." This detail appears at an early stage when he gets into a taxi, and when he starts to drive, he shows that he is unfamiliar with the seat belt. Shortly after this scene, he has a similar situation in the restaurant dim sum. He is not only uneducated, he is hungry. This is not a reference to Chen's lean physique, but to two early scenes in the film where he cooks food, one of which is rice porridge from the lower deck floor on the old ship. In the first ten minutes of the film, it turns out that Chen is undernourished, not modernized, and he has only one thing - his fighting style of fighting. Despite this situation, Chen manages to shoot each policeman (even ricocheting a metal pipe bullet to hit the guy in the head who kept Chen’s girlfriend hostage) and somehow achieve superhuman strength (50 brandish concrete plastered at the end of the metal pipes, to the police chief, since he gets a shot in the chest, said the boss). <br /> <br /> Now the character Lee ... well I understood, he is depressed, he has the luggage, but wow, can he do something right? At one moment they are trying to make him cool, calm and ready to do business, and the next moment he is beaten again. In the first scene, he encounters Chen, and he manages to skip him, from about 15 feet, several times. At the end of this scene, Lee watches Chen as his close friends and colleagues slowly strike the neck with a long knife for a full 5 seconds, holding the gun on Chen's face, 10 feet away. Even at the end of the film, Lee manages to slaughter himself and fails again. <br /> <br /> And my biggest problem with this film is that it is presented in the way that the filmmakers are trying to get. viewers sympathize with Chen's character and the fact that he simply "kills to survive." It would be so much easier if I didn’t just watch Chen kill innocent people throughout the horrible movie. Of the many people he killed, only two had the intention to kill him: the police chief and Li. Others were just people who ate, boat owners, taxi drivers and police tried to arrest him, not kill him. In general, Chen's character is just a cold-blooded killer who kills for the sake of what he wants, even if it's just a free trip. (Did I mention that he wears a pack of hundred dollar bills throughout most of the movie?) My 3 stars are marked by an interesting directorial / camera work that took some good pictures. <br /> <br /> Bottom line: One for Chen fans. For me, "Dog Bite This DVD"
