By my remark, “Kool-Aid drinkers”, I mean that they are such loyal admirers of the man Pavarotti, that they are not trying to objectively evaluate this film. Writing 10 points is the same as giving Wally Cox a reward for Mr. Universe or putting a velvet picture of Elvis in the Louvre !!! When this film debuted, I remember wild reviews with titles like “No, Giorgio”, and some said that it was one of the worst films ever made. This is definitely exaggerating. Despite the fact that the film was bad and far from a great work of art, there was something in it that could please, and the main drawback of the film was not Pavarotti’s action and girth. <br /> <br /> Believe it or not, the main thrust of the blame lies solely on the shoulders of the writers (who, I believe, were chimpanzees). It is rare to see a movie with such a clichéd dialogue or stupid scenes as a fight, but even they are not the crux of the problem. The problem is that the writers intend to interest the public with a “novel” consisting of an excited, middle-aged married man and a seemingly desperate lady. The European audience may be more forgiving, but in the United States in 1982 or today such a novel seems untidy and selfish - especially when Pavarotti tells Harrold that he loves his wife and “it's just fun.” Wow, let's talk about the romantic dialogue !! Unfortunately, if they only changed the script a bit and made Pavarotti a widower, or perhaps his wife looked like a wife from a pair of classic Hollywood films such as ALL THIS AND HEAVEN, TOO or CONFIRMED (where the wife was so nasty and unpleasant that you could forgive your husband a novel or even kill her). Instead, she is a loving mother of two children who patiently waits at home, while her selfish puffy beds run right and left - because Pavarotti admits that she had a lot to do before she met with Garrold. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, even the magnificent music of Pavarotti could not save this film. By the end of the film in New York there are some amazing scenes where the set is just incredible and singing transcendentally Pavarotti. For this reason, I think the film at least deserves 3. I really wanted the film to be liked more, but it was a really bad film - although not as rotten as you could hear. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, from what I read, this film can be a life imitation art, since later Pavarotti’s own life had some parallels with this film, although it’s not really a forum for discussing this in details.
