I did not hear about this film until I read an article about it on the Unknown Movies website, which caused my curiosity. As a cartoonist and illustrator, I admire the work of Richard Williams — I rate Ziggy's Gift as one of the best Christmas events of all time, and although Who Framed Roger Rabbit stopped being one of my favorite films when I passed by at the age of sixteen I still have great respect for the amount of work, care and attention to detail that was used to create visual effects, but it seems that this person has his own drawbacks, especially the propensity to exceed the budget and exceed Rafiq and this film is a testament to how far can go even super-talented people, such as Williams, under the right circumstances. <br /> <br /> Reggie Ann and Andy are a strange denomination that tries to be strange both experimentally and from the wall as part of a children's cartoon. He is also trying to be a musical. Is it trying to be a thousand and one more thing - is it a freak? Is it a blower? Is it really the innocence of children's imagination? - until he finally collapses under the weight of his own boundless ambitions and aspirations. For the most part, it is beautifully animated, although the backgrounds in general could get a little more attention, but even that doesn't matter much when you come across the hallucinogenic absurdity that makes up most of the “action” here. br /> <br /> There are several problems with the film, but let's start with Reggdy Ann and Andy themselves. They are the stars of the show, but they have no personalities. In fact, we get the message that Andy is a tough guy (he sings), and Ann has a unique view of things, because her owner, a little girl named Marcella, wears her upside down, but that's all what we can learn about these sad characters like dirt, because the stunning strangeness of this film begins to manifest itself soon after. I use the word “weirdness” carefully, because some strange movies may be very interesting, but this is just weird. Toys and dolls in the game room should be cute and cute, but in fact they are freaky and disturbing. Two puppets that make and speak in sync are a prime example of this. But even they are relatively normal compared to the captain of the pirates who are constantly sneezing, whose mustaches become straightened and his groin swells noticeably when he first sees a glamorous French doll. Yes, it should be a children's film! Then there is music, none of which is memorable, and it is all sung by actors who cannot sing. And to add insult to injury, in this film a lot of singing. When Ann and Andy finally leave the game room, the first thing they do is sing a long number in the forest about how scared they are, how they will always be with each other, and ... yes, we get the message, This it seems to go on forever, but at least returns to the film some semblance of normality. However, not for long, because a camel with wrinkled knees leads us to a strange world, where everything looks like it is made of worn and worn denim, and it is bad enough that he is clearly paranoid schizophrenic — he also begins to hallucinate. But this is nothing compared to the subsequent scenes. Greedy, alive, breathing. the burping, farting, constant eating toffee, so touching, creepy and ultimately troubling, that you can hardly believe what you see is as close to the psychedelic drug-free experience as I have ever seen in the movie. Then, after a long time spent with “The Greedy,” a psychotic Sir Leonard Looney and his master king Cook appear, whose throne resembles a urinal. I can't believe that I am actually writing a capsular description of a real movie here - I just had to rub my eyes and remind myself that I was not blogging about the overwhelming nightmare that I had. Part of the Looney Land sequence is reminiscent of one of the old Winsor McCay / Little Nemo cartoons, and no matter what, maybe someone wanted to do it. All this would be good if there was some rhyme or reason behind it, but it is not. These scenes are just strange and very, very long. Surrealism works only when there is a strong idea behind it, or it takes place against some semblance of reality. But NOTHING in these scenes indicates any reality. Remove this element and you will remain with pure condescension towards yourself. <br /> <br /> As the final scenes unfold, even the animation begins to look less impressive (a pirate ship, ridiculously detailed, jerks on the water in such a way that some of the elements were missing during production), and there is no ending event that simply assumes that the money has run out. Even in the meager 86 minutes, the film seems to be an endless test, and it is understandable why he failed in his initial release. Fans of animation will probably scratch their heads and wonder how Williams managed to spank him so effectively, but he did it, and no one can do anything about it.
