SHALLOW GRAVE begins with a tribute or a breakdown of a shower scene in PSYCHO. (I tend to frustrate.) After that, things get worse, and then surprisingly get better, almost to the point that it becomes original. Bad acting and amateur directing are tied up in a rather interesting little story, but the film already surpasses many in the genre “The Yankee descends south to be killed by a bunch of goons” because it is actually filmed in the south. <br /> <A group of girls from college goes to the Fort. Lauderdale for the summer holidays and in Georgia caught flat tire after the exit of the main road. (Note for the Yankees: Stay on the highway when you go to Florida.) Sue Ellen (Lisa Stahl) should pee for her to go into the forest. When she finally finds a suitable place to do business, she sees how the local sheriff (Tony March) strangled his mistress (Merry Rosell) to death. (Note for the Yankees: do not go into the forest when you are in the south; not because you can witness a murder, but you can stumble upon a marijuana plantation.) This is the point where the story, and not the film, is really close to be good <br /> <br /> Although Tony March will never have to practice his speech at the Oscars, his sheriff Dean becomes a creepy facsimile of a regular guy, torn by what he did and what he has to do. Tom Lowe is sympathetic to Deputy Scott and as authentic as the South MP, as I have seen since the time of Walton Goggins (Deputy Steve Naish) in the HOUSE 1000 TUBE. <br /> <br /> Several scenes in the film are worth mentioning. The girls stop at a barbecue in South Carolina and demonstrate their racism when the big black guy checks them out. Sue Ellen crashes into a barn to hide behind bales of hay, and in a shockingly realistic moment a big snake hides with her in the hay. <br /> <br /> And in the oddest scene, Sheriff Dean does as if he is about to rape Patty (Carol Cadby) and tell her to take off her clothes. Dean turned on the radio to drown out the noise of what he was going to do. The preacher on the radio must return and read his Bible. His sermon on how Jezebel is saved by the blood of Jesus Christ. I feel sorry for the flock of this preacher. Jezebel was in the Old Testament several thousand years before the birth of Christ, and she is by no means one of the five people you will meet in Heaven.
