And again, one of the most misunderstood goddesses of my country was distorted by “Westerners” who cannot understand the esoteric symbolism of Mother Goddess in its dark forms. Mother takes on the frightening form of Kali Mata to destroy our inner demons and terrify our ego. And although Kali and Durga offer blood sacrifice, the events depicted in this film are simply absurd. Mother takes an angry form to be angry with our inner demons, limitations, and ego, when no other form is enough. Also, in her wrathful form, she burns all your Karma in the lights of Smashana, which you cultivate in your heart so that she dances, if you love her, and she will lead you to reality and truth. Reality and truth have both a dark side and light that serves the purpose. Mother is also the embodiment of the physical Universe, she is Nature. Nature can be cruel and destructive to maintain balance. You cannot have growth and life without death and destruction. Kali represents the power of destruction for the purpose of new growth and life, both worldly and spiritual, in the universe. It is very outrageous for me that people who know nothing about India or its divinity can simply take one of our favorite goddesses and use her as a cheap prostitute to make some low-budget, talentless horror film. How dare they take our beloved Mother and portray her as a horror that makes people chop off their eyelids !? It is terrible only for those who are attached to their ego and live in delusion, greed, anger, and other inner demons. It is very clear to me that the person who wrote this film must have a very serious self-deception ego and serious internal demons in order to see Kali so terrible and terrible. When the ego falls away, it becomes a charming, beautiful and young form, a beauty that is so charming to contemplate that it enchants the whole universe with this. Kali Maa is an ancient Mother with whom you should not joke for fun, let's just hope that in her infinite compassion and mercy she will not take angry form for those associated with this film. <br /> <br /> Western courage in using religions like mine or religions in the Caribbean islands such as Santeria and Voodoo, which are actually very positive, and other such religions that distort and exaggerate misunderstood elements which the western mind cannot comprehend is completely ridiculous. It is clear that there is no respect for the fact that people live, breathe and what they believe when it comes to this kind of films. <br /> <br /> Kali Maa is actually a caring and compassionate mother who we shed tears on her. beautiful legs in devotion and love to. And I am happy that my Mother sometimes takes angry forms to protect her devotees from herself and from external forces. <br /> <br /> Many praise the REAL Kali Maa, who showed MANY God’s way and realization.
