Ignoring (if possible) the tediously gratuitous smoking of marijuana (which, apparently, is mandatory in Australian films, funded by the government), the cast of this film gives a fairly reliable representation. This is far as it goes. The rest is just awful. The plot is overloaded with the symbolism of "wow", which should look good on the film, but will not go anywhere. A rough example is the giant peach float, obviously left from the city parade and presented by a local canning factory. It was too tempting to waste what we hope was free, but nevertheless an inappropriate pillar! Peaches give a superficial, unexplained leaching at one stage, but this ends it. <br /> <br /> In the same way, the thought-out road sign "black spot", where Stef's parents were killed, is intended to symbolize a possible escape from her past, but what’s her escape to? She had a pretty good job, especially considering her visually impaired, infinite, loving patience and concern for her understanding young guardian. <br /> <br /> The Guinness Prize for a banal melodrama, however, goes to the characterization of Alan. Alan successfully seeks the noble role of the trade union manager, but the "rats" on his work colleagues, becoming an observer for the evil multinational - hiss! sizzle! As a leader, Alan does the villainous dirty work of a boss. He carries out layoffs until, surprisingly, surprise, the whole plant will not close, but Alan himself will remain a miserable unemployed failure. There are no cliché zones here, mate! Not only that, but Alan also loses the seductive Stefa of the most incredible relationship you encounter. If you think the plot is melodramatic and didactic, don't ask for details. What is the significance of shaving cream on Stefa's seductive leg? Why the hotel, where the couple makes love, ultimately does not know that someone gets illegal access to one of his greatest bedrooms and, among other crowds, sheets regularly get dirty - quite effectively in one case. To summarize this movie in one word: Avoid, Avoid, Avoid.
