I saw it right after I saw the CANNIBALS ON THE HALLSIDE, so things could be better. In addition, it prevents me from comparing ZOMBI from 3 to 28 days later and its continuation. Unfortunately, the more I watched it, the more I realized how well the original Danny Boyle was made and how influenced this film was 28 weeks later. <br /> <br /> It is impossible not to notice how the 28th year franchise is dated by this type. Italian horror movie. I was completely convinced that ZOMBI 3 should have been made in 1980 or 1981 at the latest - in this case I would call my resume 28 YEARS LATER (Geddith?) - but only when I went to this page to find it, was released in 1988. All production figures shout that this is a low-budget click from the very beginning of that decade. I could enjoy this film as a fifteen-year-old schoolboy in 1982, like my peers, but not now. <br /> <br /> Most of the problem is related to the lack of internal continuity. For example, some zombies walk at the speed of a snail, while others run very fast and have self-awareness, which leads to a ridiculous final scene with a DJ. In the same way, some can be killed by a blow to the face, while others remain alive, even if their heads are cut off, wait until you see the scene of the refrigerator, you can just die of laughter. Even serious characters suffer from this type of flimsy negligent scenarios, when a character suddenly discovers that he is a helicopter pilot, which makes me ask why the army uses it to control career jeeps <br /> <br /> Obviously, you're reminded the earlier film THE CRAZIES, which also reminded me of the later 28 films. A bunch of terrorists rush into the science base, which leads to all sorts of disasters when the military are bad guys trying to kill both infected and survivors, and long before the final you will understand that basically everyone dies. The problem is that you will immediately be reminded of how the British franchise made it much better with a larger budget. Not only that, but the franchise "28" is suitable for a thinking audience that may have little interest in the usual horror film. ZOMBI 3 will not interest anyone except a fanatical audience
