In 1979, Lucio Fulci released his film “Zombies”. However, due to the earlier import of George Romero's Dawn of the Dead, which received this name under his Italian release, it was renamed Zombi 2. (which also had the advantage of letting viewers think it was a continuation of Romero’s second film) . Continuing this theme, the second film about the zombie, which would be called “Zombie 2 ″, was later named“ Zombie 3 ″. In the UK, the original film “Zombies” (i.e. “Zombies 2”) was called “Zombie Flesh Eaters”. To continue this theme, the second zombie film (Zombi 3) ​​was then titled "Zombie Flesh Eaters 2" for its British release. (Do you follow all this?) So, if the Zombie Flesh Eaters were the Fulci Dawn, then its 2 Days of the Dead? Although this is just a frivolous observation, this story of military formations, helicopters and a tantalizing narrative certainly has a vague thematic similarity. <br /> <br /> Some European directors Fulci appear in a film like this, but acting, dubbing and exposure are absolutely terrible. His ecological message is so forceful and exaggerated that it can no longer be considered an undercurrent, while there is (unintentionally) cheerful respect for the Birds. Combining this last element with rock music from the 80s is not a good idea. For some reason I could not stop thinking about the time of the monkeys (see) the whole time I was watching it. This is clearly not good. <br /> <br /> Although there is nothing here that could compete with scuba divers, zombies and sharks fighting sharks on a shard, Fulci's misogynist addictions really work when the hotel cleaner of the hotel’s mouth sits in the mirror until it drips. blood. His addiction to plywood blood also causes rupture of hands. Both themes come together when a woman’s face comes off, first with one zombie, and then with the fruit of a zombie that breaks free from the belly of a pregnant woman. <br /> <br /> From a production point of view, this is obviously a step forward compared to zombies. coming five years later. (Nine years on a global scale). But without the restrained charm of the original, it fights, while the music of Stefano Mainetti is irrelevant and boring. Fabio Frizzy's rating was one of the best things in the 79 year film. Here, zombie attacks are played out to what is strikingly similar to Bonnie Tyler's Exposure for a Hero. In the middle of this massacre, we experience a tedious love interest, and Roger and Kenny, two soft machoes, who do everything with acrobatic urgency and constantly state the obvious. (“We don’t have ammunition” to the rumble weapon is a special success). But where it also falls is in the zombies themselves. Low key or not, the original Fulci had really gorgeous, rotting zombies. Face skulls, worms in their sockets ... they really were something to contemplate. In contrast, this boring sequel chooses a more traditional version of "men with a small amount of paint on their faces." <br /> <br /> The climax breaks too many Romero films to even be funny, while using DJs is a rude and cheap narrative device. Not having the same elements of indignation and unwarranted nudity of the first, it is unlikely to have the same cult appeal. <br /> <br /> It turns out that Fulci really left the project after, as reported, the director is only fifteen minutes, the rest is filmed by Bruno Mattei. I am quite sure that even Fulci would not object to this absurd scene with a "zombie head", and therefore I thank the director for having the good sense to leave. Unfortunately, however, this is his name above the name of the film on the releases, so most people will have the impression that this is a Fulci film through and through. On such a scale, this is a serious failure for him, because this film is doing what you think Fulci considers the worst crime of all: boring.
