Zombi 3 begins with a group of heavily armed people stealing an experimental chemical designed to revive the dead, while trying to escape from the person being shot at and the metal container with the chemical breaking through. A person gets a portion of a green chemical on a wound on his arm, which soon turns him into an ogre who eats meat. For several hours, the neighborhood is teeming with lifeless flesh in the east in search of new victims, Kenny (Deran Sarafyan) and his army friends are in great trouble, stopping to help Patricia (Beatrice Ring) and her friend Leah (Deborah). Bergammy), which is pecked by zombie birds (!). General Morton is responsible for the situation and must stop the spread of the zombie plague around the world! But will he and his people succeed? <br /> <br /> This Italian film was supposed to be shot by an Italian zombie film director Gore Lucio Fulci, but the story goes that he suffered a stroke and therefore could not finish the film, so producer Franco Gaudenzi asked the director of the second division Bruno Mattei and writer Claudio Fragasso intervene and finish the film. Obviously, Mattei & Fragasso did more than just finish it, they actually ignored most of the footage filmed by Fulci, and added a lot of their own, and Zombi 3 turned out to be almost a straight 50/50 split. Fragasso's script is a complete mess, not one of them is thought out to the smallest detail and is not as stupid as it seems. The scenes of attacking people of zombie birds are not only technically irrelevant, but the idea itself is simply absurd. The zombies themselves have no consistency, look at the scene where Patricia is on the bridge, and the zombies move slowly, but then look at the scene earlier, where she attacked the zombies with a machete, because he runs around as if it were on steroids, then, without any reasonable explanation, about 10 minutes before the end of the film, zombies suddenly develop the ability to speak, which also looks silly. In Zombi 3, so much of everything is bad, scene after scene of awfully thoughtful and ineptly directed action, of terrible character and of a really boring spoiled English dialogue, which makes no sense in half the cases. Then there's an awkward scene where the zombie head inside the fridge suddenly develops the ability to fly through the air and bite someone's neck, a scene when a guy in white dirty suits at the end is going to kill Kenny and Roger, but instead of using their automatic rifles, which they decide to try and kill them by hand, even when Kenny himself takes the gun, they still refuse to use their rifles, and when Kenny starts shooting at them all, they still refuse to use their rifles, and this is about on of the most inept hands scenes ever filmed, and then comes the end, when Kenny takes off in a helicopter, but could not keep it on the ground just a few seconds to pick up his friend, and then from under the pile suddenly grows a lot of zombies. grass what? Since when have zombies hid alone under a pile of grass? All this may seem “funny”, but believe me, this is not so, this is a really bad movie that is just boring, repetitive and just does not work at any level as part of the entertainment, except for a few unintended laughter. <br /> It is difficult to understand exactly who was responsible for what, but none of the videos were shot especially well. He has a soft lifeless feeling, and for some reason the creators tried to wash every scene in the fog, the problem is that they clearly had only one foggy car, and you can see that in one corner of the screen the fog is noticeably thicker than it goes straight out of the car and gets thinner when scattered around the scene. Since much of this happens during the day, it does not add any atmosphere, and when they understand everything correctly, and the fog is evenly distributed across the screen, it looks like they were shooting the scene on a foggy day! The direction is bad without any sequence, it just looks and feels like the bottom of a barrel. Even blood and blood are not so much, at first the bloody hand is torn, the scene when something breaks out from the belly of a pregnant woman, a legless woman (which, by the way, tore off her legs in the pool and why he didn’t tear off the legs to save her?) and some good looking zombies are awful. Anyone who hopes to see a bloody feast like that Fulci regularly arranged in the late 70s and early 80s will be very disappointed, there are no decent feeding scenes, no intestines, no outstanding "hats" and very little Mountain at all. <br /> <br /> Technically, the film is bad, the special effects are cheap, the cinematography is boring, the music is terrible, the locations are soft, and they have very low production figures. This was actually filmed in the Philippines to keep costs down to a minimum. The entire film is clearly duplicated, although the acting is still terrible, and the English version seems to be written by someone who does not understand the language very well. <br /> <br /> “Zombie 3” is not a continuation of the film Fulci. the classic Zombie Gore Fest Zombi 2 (1979), it has nothing to do with it at all, except for the name for getting money. Sorry, but Zombi 3 is an amateurish mess in the film, it's boring, it doesn't make sense, it's not funny enough to have fun, and there's no decent bleeding in it. One to avoid.
