Where should I start? I wanted to enjoy this movie, and I did it. However, I wanted to be able to enjoy this zombie movie that was worth my booty, and it wasn’t. It was a different kind of pleasure. It was an unhealthy, perverted jubilation, which I accepted in watching one of the most ridiculous films I've ever seen. And I don’t really worry about whatever Fulci excuses are, this film had no excuses for how it goes. It was a bad movie, but I still can’t give it a rating below 4 out of 10, which I gave because ... at least I could laugh at this unfortunate movie. <br /> I had to introduce these zombies that were everywhere on the ceilings of these buildings ... I had to imagine that they either missed you like hell, so they crawled over the bees and sat high on the stone structures, or they saw a fleshy, lively, motley group of assholes flying around, so they took it upon themselves to arrange numerous air ambushes. Damn, what else can you do when you die? <br /> <br /> I had to laugh at zombies who performed what looked like swings, strikes and jumps in martial arts, and something similar to traditional meat lovers. I loved to look at the floating head, which was never explained. I watched with terrible admiration as the land on which they were, the Filipinos, was completely absorbed by the fog, strong portions of fog and ponds that were boiling castle ditches. I even had to cringe when I saw that the design of the medicine for this plague was drawn on the board in the form of an octagon with lines stretching at every angle, with the words “Dead” in the middle. I had to ask myself ... if the science of healing zombies is so simple, then I wonder if I can come up with something to start a zombie outbreak here! <br /> <br /> In general, all the effects were overboard, dubbing is terrible, I am sure that the original acted as bad, the story is absurd, the zombies are inconsistent, even in a bad sense they could all be similar, and women were ugly, but I found myself enjoying it. It was a fun watch. It turned out to be a very very bad film, and I would not recommend this thing if I didn’t get carried away with bad director films about exploitation, but, nevertheless, I say it again ... it was worth laughing. I crave zombie movies no matter what, but when Fulci's name was attached to this, everything should be much better. Let me say that the zombie holocaust was better.
