I'm an avid fan of Lucio Fulci, and yet I have to say that Zombi 3 (also known as Zombie Flesh Eaters 2) of 1988, which he did with two other directors, Bruno Mattei and Claudi Fragasso, was rather disappointing, Especially compared to his great predecessor, Mount Fulchi's own classic film Zombi 2 (aka Zombie Felsh Eaters / Zombie) of 1979, this is very disappointing. Of course, a low rating of 4.5 already indicates that this is not a good film, but these low ratings usually come from people who do not understand Italian zombie films, and as a lover of Italian horror films and the low-budget movie “Operation,” I I love a lot of films that were just rewarded with much lower ratings. In addition, many of my fellow Italian horror lovers consider this film to be underestimated, which I unfortunately cannot agree with. Not that the film was a complete disaster. It has some redeeming qualities, most notably the nauseous effects of Fulchi blood, which are always a pleasure to watch over the Italian Horror / Mountain buff. The main idea of ​​the film is also quite good (although it is far from the original), and I liked the ruthless image of the military. Unfortunately, that's all. While the great predecessor of Zombie 2 was extremely bloody, but also really creepy, it’s not scary or scary for a minute, and sickening and often grotesque blood is the only true reason to watch Zombie 3. The film is sometimes fun to watch, but only for gore and as an unintended comedy. I think it was mostly the blood that came from Fulci, and the disappointment the rest that came from Mattei and Fragasso, the first of which was involved in a bunch of unpleasant cult films (for example, D'Amato in Porno-Fiber), and the second of which is responsible for one of the worst films ever made, the awful "Troll 2". In general, this is definitely watchable, but of all the Fulci films that I have seen so far, this is definitely the worst, and I have seen most of the repertoire of this great director. I'm a fan of Fulci, and I always will, but this is not his magic moment. It may be fun for blood, but I recommend watching any other Fulci film before!
