I can not remain indifferent to the films of Lars van Trier. I consider Breaking the Waves to be nothing more than a masterpiece. I loved "Dancer in the Night." I admired this idea in Dogville, but the general exercise seemed to me too dry and too theatrical, not a movie. “Europe”, which I see only now, was a famous film at that time, changed the relative success of the European film in the USA and won an Oscar for the best film in a foreign language, but, in my opinion, did not live to that time. This is also a too obvious and extraverted exercise in the art of cinema for my taste. <br /> <br /> This story has a level of uncertainty that the viewer cannot avoid. Considering the period that followed immediately after World War II, not in black and white winners and losers, executioners and victims, but as rather ambiguous times when people of both sides fought for survival after a catastrophic event that changed the life of nations and people forever remain a source of controversy even today, moreover, two decades ago, they were new and bold. However, it is a means of expression that is not really suitable for this task. <br /> <br /> The film has a lot of quotes taken directly from Hitchcock’s films, especially his early films made in the run-up. A Europe in which brave British spies fight evil German spies on trains crossing the continent at high speed in the dark. Trains were a symbol of peace and its conflicts with all their intensity and drama. Here the train also becomes a symbol of the first spark of the revival of Germany after the war, its power, its obsession with order and regulation, punctuality and politeness. Characters that inhabit the train are far from classic spy stories, good or bad guys. The main character is a young American of German descent who comes to post-war Europe, who wants to participate in the process of assistance and reconciliation, finds himself in an ambiguous world of destruction and corruption, when the liberators are more like repressive invaders and the losers have not resigned. to their fate, but rather, ready to go on the path of self-destruction, with love, doubtfully mixed with treason. <br /> <br /> In this case, the director’s betrayal betrays this classic film. The actions of the characters, especially of Leopold Kessler, performed by Jean-Marc Barr, seem confusing and lacking confidence. General cinematography does not seem to be like Hitchcock, but rather from the poor imitation of Hitchcock in the late 30s. The use of color over black and white film, used in most cases in moments of emotional tension, is also too revealing. The point is not that Van Trier does not own his own artistic means, but he is too demonstrative, he seems to be trying too hard to show what a great director he is. He is really great, as he will show in some of his later films, but viewers have to decide this alone.
