... but I expected the best from Carolyn Munro. She made some good films and I hoped it would be just as good. In fact, she and this other character of the blonde (I think the girl got an electric current) were the only two of the 8-11 actors who could play. this movie has the worst action i have ever seen. almost as bad as Psycho (1998). the really stupid part was when the woman was in the shower, and Marty rigged her to pour acid there. she starts screaming and her scream is probably the most annoying sound in the whole world. she tries to get out, but “accidentally” returns. I admit, the violence and the story are good, along with the music of Harry Manfredini, but acting would be VERY better. there were two other characters, Frank and Joe. I do not know about you, but they have a strange resemblance to dan akroyd. In addition, when they find the roasted corpse of this woman in the bathroom, you might think that they will scream and soar. Not. Caroline Munro and the blonde are the only ones who react. Frank and Joe show almost no sign of fear or disgust. I do not know about you, but I know that if I saw the roasted skeleton of one of my best friends, I would have escaped. Also, when Joe starts saying things like "what happened to Marty was an accident, it was not our fault." he says this as his nervous or scared, but barely expresses any facial expressions. then the blonde begins to cry and says: “I’m scared, frank!”. and she grabs Joe. I think the actress really didn't know which guy it was. The end of the film is the most intricate thing I've ever seen. more confusing than the climax of "jaw: revenge." all eight friends end up dead, Marty kills them all, but then you see something like his rotted corpses stalking him, and then it just leads to martyrdom still in the hospital after the accident, and then when the film is over, Marty is dressed like a nurse trying to calm him down, but then we see that Marty got into her clothes or something like that kills the doctor, and the film ends up with Marty taking off his skin. which leads me to the next question. WHAT WAS A WRITER WHEN HE COLLECTED IT?!?!?!?! did he really expect people to understand only what the hell happened ?? the ending left me confused. were the characters still alive? Is Marty still holding a grudge? events that we just see, have not happened yet or have not happened at all? I do not know. Overall, this film was pretty stupid. acting sucks, the music was fine, the story was pretty decent (except for the final). in fact, this is just one of your mid-80s. I see it only for Harry Manfredini and Caroline Munro. 2/10 P.S. - Simon Scaddamore (Marty) committed suicide soon after the film was released from deliberate drug abuse. I think he was the only one who knew that this film was what it really was. DOLL W **
