The film begins with memories of Doddsville County High School on April Fool's Day. A group of students plays the classy botany Marty. When they are punished for playing the mentioned joke, they are playing a big joke, which (as, however, in slasher films with pranks on the cool nerds) is ridiculously mistaken, leaving Marty simultaneously burned with fire and disfigured acid for the sake of thoroughness, Fast forward through five years, and we will see how members of the student community gather in an abandoned high school to reunite the five-year class. We find that it is not by chance that everyone at the reunion belonged to a jingle of jokers from the scene of memories, as all participants are pursued and killed by a mysterious masked killer in an increasingly complex and stunning mind. Sherlock Holmes does not need to unravel the identity of the killer, because it turns out that this is none other than Marty in the scars who apparently used his rage and high intelligence to bend the laws of physics and engineering to equip the school with his revenge script. The film unfolds for the strange, as Marty finishes demanding his revenge on his former tormentors, only to be haunted by their ghosts. Marty is finally completely pushed aside and takes his life. Finally, the film explodes in a crescendo of scattered oddities, since the entire scenario of revenge first becomes a dream when Marty wakes up in a hospital bed, breaks out of her limitations, strikes the nurse and finally disfigures her own face. <br /> <br /> The script is tired and suffers from the ultimate case of horror movie logic. The only originality comes from the overwhelmingly intricate ways in which victims are sent. The absurd ending of all that dream seems to be stuck. It was as if someone pointed out the incoherent nature of the film, and the writer immediately decided that it was a dream. <br /> <br /> From a technical point of view, the film is terrible. Some scenes were shot so dark that I had to pause the movie and play with color on my TV. The acting is low, even for slasher films. I can't help but think that the casting was part of the problem, since all the actors look at least five years older than the characters they portray, which makes the scene of memories even more unintentionally funny. Their lack of commitment to the film becomes obvious, as half of them cannot bother keeping their accents right in the film. <br /> <br /> It all says, if you like bad horror movies, you can like that too. This is not the worst movie of the genre, but it is far from the best.
