Which Domino I hated for everything and I mean everything else? Perhaps it was a common glorification to be a bounty hunter; perhaps it was sexism disguised as a fascinating and interesting study of a female character with a solid body; perhaps it was a simple movie with its bizarre yellow glow and distorted blue shades or the manner in which an actress, such as Lucy Louis, is shot; who deserves much better than this garbage; and she sits there in the same place in the room where the light cannot reach directly with the same dull expression on her face. Maybe it's editing; it's a terrible quick editing of the fire and the manner in which the echo dialogs sound like people like Keira Knightley say that if you buy a bounty hunter you can probably fool yourself and believe that the world will end in 2012 year <br /> <br /> Nobody leaves Domino with any confidence, absolutely no one at all. It is a painful and misleading experience, inspired by such things as "Natural Born Killers", and allowing you to share ideas with the audience, even for them. The main question is: “Did Domino have to be some kind of comedy?” That with her extremely bad leadership, pronouncing certain lines that desperately want us to think that she seems “tough”, but in fact, she looks like a more arrogant a fifteen year old girl on her first day at a public school, trying to impress her peers. There are things that you really do not know how to react to it, be they funny or not. If this is supposed to be a comedy, then the following question arises: “Is it really worth the bounty hunter’s life to use to laugh?” I don’t think so. <br /> <br /> The film begins with the title page "Based on real events ...". If it has to be some kind of postmodern technique that allows director Tony Scott to bend and manipulate the story of Domino Harvey for his own unique goal, then you're just on another planet. The truth is that in one introductory quote the film identifies the subject and the original text before fully disclosing the meaning and saying “something like”, which, I think, should allow them to make the Domino older than it should be, and appear on jerry springer. After this, we will learn about Domino’s relationship with her father, who died in the film when she was ten or so; This is the first use of a “kind of” police officer, since in real life she was only four years old. But if the film had passed on the dates of reality, then its entire engine would have been born as a result of death ........ of its golden fish. <br /> <br /> Then we fought with Ed Mosby (Rourke); Domino (Knightley) itself and potential love are interested in Choco (Ramirez). During this scene, the American mother was shot with automatic weapons in her own caravan in the depths of the world, when she pleaded for her son’s life to be saved. What a truly mistaken discovery; Presenting their three heroes as disgusting people who burst into trailers, shoot at innocent weapons, about which we know nothing, and approach the shooting of their domestic dogs. <br /> <br /> Immediately there is a feeling of hatred for these three. leads, feeling “No, why are you doing this? Why is this happening?' Bad seeds are planted, and, don't you know, they stick. The film is painful to watch, even painful; while these three make their way through the play complete with support actors known for playing the characters in Beverly Hills 90210. Here is another stupid postmodern bias, people play themselves and this “variation” of the Joker card is played out again. Christopher Walken even appears in a really stupid role that reminds Robert Downey’s “Natural Born Killers” character. <br /> <br /> As the film unfolds, and Domino is thrown into the gang of Ed and Choco, solely for the sake of her appearance Choco and Domino may have feelings for each other. The problem is that each performer does a bad job in his character; between them there is no chemistry and feelings; the film is not a love story, so why go on this path Does anyone care about these two characters among all the quick edits and explosions? If there is any “feeling” between Choco and Domino, it exists on such a small, tiny, minimalist scale that you have to ask why it is included at all. <br /> <br /> So the film feels the need to turn it around. narrative things. We find out the reason for the false IDs that are connected with someone else, and the guy is talking on his cell phone in a soundproof bubble. I can believe in a soundproof bubble, but how did he, first, get his phone under the water and into the bubble without flooding it? He must have swam very fast ?? double the speed of fast movie editing, which means something about 0.01 seconds. Yes of course. The story of the film becomes too complicated and just arbitrary, before resorting to a really blunt climax when more material explodes. Plus, there is a really unpleasant scene associated with a wall chart full of new ethnic groups, and the comedy of the film is so dry that you have to resort to “Jerry, Jerry!” To sing while people are on a popular American talk show. When was the last time we laughed at “Jerry! Jerry!"? when we were, let's say, seven years old? I left feeling sad and depressed about the existence of such a film.
