I do not know if the problems of this movie are more a Direction or Script error. As you will see in many reviews, the editing style is too outdated. It is absolutely distracting and does not make sense, which can be considered a good thing if you look at some quotes from the film. I do not write a lot of reviews here, but I feel that this film was so terrible that it deserved comments. Movies like this are destroyed by making a film as an art form. Films such as this show more and more clearly that the current focus of reality in cinema reveals the quality of the characters behind them. People sharpen the craft there, there are 5 senses, and there is a business sense to lose sight of your inner life. However, I do not blame them, this is an increasingly deplorable state of this era — defined by films like this one. But by the power of attorney of these Producers, I would not dare to call Artists vomiting due to the lack of inner life or attitude to the screen - spreading it among all. The story of bounty hunters, cannons, and other cannons, of flaunting sex-chewing - for such a popular actress (did they write a scene for dancing on their knees after they signed it?), Due to saturation, because of exaggeration, liners only linear sections. All different and yet all the same. Annoying stunning music to push an emotion down the throat. Story? character development? or simply hid the missing information revealed at the end to create * the effect * of the story - as if it happened. He lacks something remotely resembling subtlety. This is a caricature of stereotypes and genre. Where are the movies with awareness? What about the subtleties of sound and music that you don’t even suspect? How about depth of gaze? How about editing in terms of mind and consciousness? Yes, even in action movies it can happen. Of course, they honed the craft; but what is the use of it without soul or wisdom? understanding the human condition? Can people who have commented and said that this is the apogee of art, or compare it with Picasso and others — I say, put it next to Gandhi or the Godfather, even the original star wars trilogy or lord of the rings; then look at my face and say it again. This is a good team, but they need help with depth and history. I hope they get it, because I like the previous work of the crews lucky next time.
