This was another obscure New Year's name - a low-budget Mexican production from the exploiting director Cardona (NIGHT OF THE BLOODY APES [1969], TINTORERA! [1977]), which ?? how much genre effort from this country ?? was acquired for release in the United States by C. Gordon Murray. Judging by these two efforts already mentioned, Cardona was not a visionary ?? and this one, which has already received its share of anti-aircraft guns here, is of course no better! The film, in fact, smells rather odd, which is characteristic of the Mexican horrors of the era, but gives an extra dimension due to the bright color (which, given the outstanding beauty, except St. Nick himself) the Devil plays a major role in the trial throughout, it was necessary . In any case, in a nutshell, the plot involves Satan’s efforts to stop Santa Claus’s meeting on Christmas Eve with the children of Earth; However, there is much more foolishness on this path: for a start, our lush, white-bearded and chronically cheerful people in red live in a heavenly palace, which, apart from accompanying children-toys from all over the world, his piano, how they sing (painstakingly for the entire first drum! ) in your own language, visits Merlin ?? the famous wizard at the court of King Arthur, here is confusing, but amusingly predisposed to children's jumping and muttering! ?? once a year to acquire potions that bring drowsiness to the young and make it invisible (by the way, the anachronistic presence of the Wizard is not less likely here than his cohort of Dr. Frankenstein in Son of Dracula [1974] !!); by the way, by this time he seems to have always gained extra weight - so Santa must train to be able to fit into every notorious chimney! The devil's antics (with enthusiasm rubbing his hands at every step and, as a rule, scolding him) to delay Saint Nick's delivery program, in this case, quite childish: indeed, their tit-and-tooth frauds more resemble the old Laurel and Hardy routine. than anything! To make time for running, we will focus on three sets of children: one is the lonely son of a rich couple who do not want anything more for Christmas than their company (projected as a fantasy of wish fulfillment when the boy finds his parents wrapped in very large packages!) , a poor girl who wants to have her own doll (the horned girl first seduces her to steal one and then interferes with the small dreams - to no avail) and a trio of guys who, instigated once again by Satan, do not think about anything but harm and eventually fall out among themselves. Here imagination is definitely present, but it is used without the slightest rhyme or mind, while the general approach of minors does not allow to have fun (except for the film as guilty pleasure)!
