This Santa movie starts weird, and I think Santa can be a pedo. Instead of the usual elven toy maker, this Santa clearly kidnapped children from all over the world and made them sing a little like characters from “It's a small world”! I assume that there are no laws on child labor on the strange astral plane on which he lives (this is obviously NOT the North Pole and not on Earth) !! None of these children looks very happy, and I always wanted the commandos to break in and save the ticks, although I suppose that for some children from the third world, these working conditions were probably better than the local diaphoretic shops. I really hope that all they do is sing and make toys. <br /> <br /> Then the scene suddenly turns into Hell, where many demons dance like a Busby Berkeley musical. This fun stops Satan, who orders one of them, Peck, to go to Earth to spoil Christmas !! Personally, I thought this movie already made it! The devil and his demons are actually pretty cute — like Hot Stuff from Harvey Comics, but with cool, evil goat beards! Or if you are a Puerto Rican, like a ladybug mask! <br /> <br /> Somehow, a disadvantaged Mexican child named Lupita, a group of disgusting children who want to kidnap Santa, and some rich child are key battlegrounds for the Devil and Santa !! So, if the Prince of Darkness (not Donald Trump, this is ANOTHER Prince of Darkness) can somehow make her steal and be bad, he will "win" - that we really do not know! In fact, when they support her, you have the impression that the filmmakers want Santa to be Jesus - because he has all these great powers and fights with the Devil for the souls of the children! Later, Santa meets his friend Merlin. He asks him to make a special powder out of him that makes people dream of good dreams. Considering how much Santa laughs in the film (like a crazy chipmunk), I guess he should use this drug a lot! He immediately goes to the blacksmith, who makes him the magic key that opens ALL the doors. Considering that he keeps children as his personal “helpers”, this magic key thing worries me a lot! During a trip to Santa Claus's Christmas Eve, you see how Lupita behaves like a little angel - one problem. Then Santa takes the time to take care of a rich child, whose parents are selfish assholes. He gives them some kind of insane cocktail that magically solves their problems - two problems are solved. This is a rare case when alcohol / drugs help children and solve problems! And as for the little robbers, he gives them coal! Annoyed by his loss to Santa, Peach then tries to steal a sleigh (which is pulled by a creepy animatronic deer). When this fails, he destroys Santa's stash of "magic powder"! As a result, Santa cannot become invisible in order to avoid dogs, and is injured. Uh-uh ... how can Santa go to the Betty Ford clinic if he is stuck in a tree ?! Will Saint Nick get off the tree and lower the monkey from the back, or will the devils win? If you don't care, tune in and take a look. However, keep in mind that the movie is crazy! <br /> <br /> Technically speaking, the movie is terrible. Although it is colored, it is really tasteless. The music is mainly performed on the organ - which, along with the poor singing of children, produces, perhaps, the worst soundtrack I have ever heard lately. And the story is just incomprehensible and very, very, very creepy. The devils and Santa, who kidnaps children, is just creeping. This is a movie that you should NEVER show children, but make a great movie to watch with friends so you can laugh at it from beginning to end!
