It doesn't matter if you look at the regular version of this monster or the MST3K version, you can only be impressed by the full GALL that went into this production. The filmmakers insult the viewer's mind from one end to the other and, obviously, do not care about what they do. <br /> <br /> Everything about this is incredibly cheap. Even the car of the 1950s in the memories of that era looks like it was pulled out of a landfill. <br /> <br /> “Hobgoblins”, as you probably know, are “realized” with poorly processed hand puppets and soft toys; when it is assumed that the person is being attacked, it becomes clear that the victim is pressing the toy to his body. When a creature escapes from two guards, it shows (or rather does not show) a camera pointing UP at the guards as they look down and turn their heads, as if watching hobgoblins rushing past. This is reminiscent of the scene in the film "Tangents", where two people stand in the ruins of the future world, looking at the wreckage, and we are not shown anything. The budget constraints associated with total incompetence usually mean that you will not have anything to show, so why try? The “sets” were completely ridiculous. The Scum Club was an obvious visitor; the house seems to have been an empty house — probably for rent or sale — which the production company held for an hour or two to take the picture. “Spaceship” is something that I would be ashamed to build when I was a 10-year-old modeling wizard. <br /> <br /> The motivation of the characters does not make sense - Kevin is insulted by his useless crazy girlfriend, because he did not make her "proud of him." I’m sure this should have made their reconciliation about, so touching at the end, but any guy with real self-esteem would tell her to go to hell and leave her. Supposedly, Nick returned from 2 months of army training (yes, a good haircut, Nick), and seems to want to prove that our country is protected by sadistic idiotic animals that are sexual maniacs. Kyle is a fan of phone sex in red shorts who dreams of a night with a spandex-dressed type of dominatrix, but he is so feminine that he is more likely to be gay than not. One of the girls - a prude, and the other - a scum. <br /> <br /> And hobgoblins? In the end, they all return to the store where they lived for 30 years. What for? Who knows? What's the difference? Watch this movie and marvel at how primitive our modern cinema will be when you have an idiotic screenplay, an incompetent director, actors who are so bad that they are rejected from a high school theatrical production and are filming decent ones by Edward D. Wood
