“House of Evil”, known as the “Dance of Death” of 1968, is the first of four notorious and strange last films with the great Boris Karloff, shot by Jack Hill and Juan Ibanes. Unlike Serpent Men (1971), Incredible Invasion (also 1971) and Chamber of Fear (1972), which were released after Karloff’s death in 1969, House of Evil was released in 1968, when Karloff was still alive. “House of Evil” is considered by many to be the worst of these four films, which, no doubt, are all rather stupid, but definitely have their entertainment value as unintended comedy. Personally, I prefer The Fear Chamber and House Of Evil rather than the other two, simply because the absence of the slightest logic is even more extreme, and since there is no doubt in any of the films, the absence of logic increases the unintended factor. fun <br /> <br /> A strange story (I don’t know if I can really call it a "conspiracy") unfolds somewhere in Europe in the 19th century. After some girls were killed and found with torn eyes, Matias Morteval (Karloff), carried away by an organ player, invites his few remaining relatives to his quaint mansion, which is full of creepy toys. His relatives include Lucy Durant (Julissa), who is engaged to one of the police inspectors investigating the killings. <br /> <br /> I will not tell more stories, but I can assure you that this is rather strange throughout the film. There are some very funny moments, especially some things that character Karloff says. Boris Karloff, without a doubt, was one of the brightest and most important icons of the horror genre that ever lived, and he manages to reward this strange film with its tiny grandeur, and although (or because) his role (due to bad script and directing) is by no means scary, it seems he deliberately plays it with a sense of humor. Just as in the successors of the movie "Snakes People" and "Chamber of Fear," the main role in the film again played Julissa. <br /> <br /> Most of the performances in support are funny, amateur, the cinema is terrible, and the locations and landscapes are below contempt. The plot lacks the slightest logic, and dialogue often does not make the slightest sense. However, a bad story and dialogue make this movie so interesting to watch. “House of Evil” can be an extremely crappy film attempt, but it is certainly as (unintentionally) funny as it is bad. Fans of Ed Wood's films should be very surprised, I personally thought it was funny. Shoddy, but nonetheless entertaining, and definitely worth a look, since Boris Karloff is in him because of the funny factor. 3/10
