I had some time to kill before watching football, so I saw this movie offered on a fantastic channel, and literally after watching it, I thought that I had run into my version of a mental walk on the Bataan death march when my mind was defeated a horrendous submission film that tore off the Mummy and Jurassic Park series. It was so bad that I thought the opening credits were the highlight of the film, and then it fell into such a terrible decline that it made the recent fall in the stock market look like a crash. The game was so bad that I hoped that in the end everyone and everyone would be buried. Casper Van Dyne’s leadership made me miss Steven Seagal’s high-profile action on Deadly Land, as his reading of the line was so wooden that Woody Woodpecker thought of creating a cameo to sit on his shoulder. I also noticed that his emotional range is so limited that I got the impression that my kitten was more expressive when asked to eat popcorn. The direction was so deplorable that I looked back, aiming for the performance of my nephew’s 3rd class, who had a higher tempo and better eyesight, and the fact that this film seemed to come together after the memories of the aforementioned franchise of the film, about it it’s impossible to think of as a homage The essence of the film was so bad that I thought that the director and producers were friendly to the environment, reworking cheap special effects from horror films of class Z of past years. The fact that Robert Wagner, Tom Bosley and Jeffrey Lewis did in these films does not suit me, and they should look at the lawsuit against their agents for misrepresenting how they dragged them into such a film. I warn everyone and everyone - watch this film at your own peril and risk, since this film can lead to a decrease in your IQ during long-term viewing. On the other hand, I noticed on IMDb that sometimes salaries for films are published, I was wondering if actors can return wages for poor work in such films. Be careful and avoid at all costs.
