The fallen begin with the fact that archaeologist Matt Fletcher (Casper Van Dien) in the desert finds the mummified remains of a giant 42 feet high, now there is something that you do not see every day. Matt works for the developer Morton (Robert Wagner), who wants to build a resort hotel on the ground, and he calls fellow archaeologist Angela (Kristen Miller) for reasons that I am not sure about. In any case, both of them are trying to find out what is in their hands, when part of the team goes missing, Morton calls guard Ammon (Navid Neghahban) to cope with the situation. Meanwhile, the translator of ancient texts Rabbi Eli Schmidt (Tom Bosley) translates some ancient text (as he would have done) and is shocked to learn of the evil prophecy in which these giants will rise and take the world for the fallen or something like that . Matt has to save the day and the entire planet ... <br /> <br /> Written and directed by Kevin VanHook, who also plays a small role in the film as the leader of the ancient warriors at the beginning, I personally “The Fallen” are a terrible movie and he same simple and clear. There are so many things that are simply bad for The Fallen Ones, both on a technical and a conceptual level, the script does not make much sense, and it really does not start until the last 20-odd minutes, when I almost lost the desire to live. The characters are terrible and as cliché as you like, the dialogue is bad, as in very, very bad, and the whole movie is predictable, I mean, it’s not surprising that Casper Van Dean will save the day, isn’t it? ? It is not surprising that the mummified giant will come back to life, so why wait for more than an hour in the film when most of the viewers will be in some kind of coma. This is bad, very bad. You have been warned. <br /> <br /> Directed by Van Hook isn't impressive, the fight scenes are absolutely awful, and why put your bad guys in a terrible purple hue? They look off guard. To give him his due, special effects on a giant mom are really good, although there are not so many of them, since he does not appear for more than an hour, there are also mummies of normal size that look as if they came directly from The Mummy set (1999), unfortunately, they did not lead to any great effect and were actually wasted as some kind of comic relief. Mechanical Mummy was a pretty good idea, but it looked stupid, and there is no way on Earth that all these people inside could work in sync with each other to control it, in fact, the more I think about the more ridiculous idea. Forget about any fears, tensions, or atmosphere, and don’t even think about bleeding or violence, because there are none. <br /> <br /> Technically the Fallen are not special, except for the impressive giant Mummy. There are few effects to worry about. Ghostly CGI and water effects are terrible, it was made for television, and it shows. The game was bad, Wagner looks confused, and this is probably the only thing Dean and Bosley can get these days. <br /> <br /> “The Fallen” is a bad film, there are no two ways to do this. as I understand. Not recommended at any level or in any way to avoid.
