The tragedy of the doomed ship "Titanic" inspired many books and films. The battle between nature and technology has always amazed human imagination. The latest film about this tragedy in the Atlantic Ocean was written and directed by renowned action movie director James Cameron. Two fictional characters (Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet) from different layers of society (one is a vagabond artist, the other is an aristocrat) participate in the history of the Titanic, and how their love overcomes the social barriers and tragedy of a sinking ship, they happen. <br /> <br /> First, although this film had a historical name, it had little to do with history. The plot was built around two fictional lovers, a French diamond and treasure hunters. The death of more than a thousand people on the greatest luxury ship of its time has become just the background. Many historical facts were simply forgotten. Where was the radio operator who ignored the iceberg warnings? Why was there no mention of a ship that was only 5 miles from the Titanic, but did not come to the rescue, because its captain could not recognize the distress signal? Neglect of these facts is an insult to tragedy. And what was the point of spicing up this historical catastrophe with a fictional, tender novel, when the story is already so sad as it is? <br /> <br /> In general, the plot was rather superficial; wealth is greed and corruption, poverty is compassion and heroism. It’s quite ironic to spend $ 200 million on making a movie about how money is corrupted. The antiheroes had absolutely no human side. It seemed that Billy Zayn played the role of the devil. Casting was also very bad. If DiCaprio were 2 inches shorter than Winslet, you could have sworn that she was his nanny. The duration of the film was unnecessarily stretched to 3 hours. The first one and a half hours were spent on establishing relationships between the characters, which were known to the audience long before they went to the theater, and the dialogue that was used for this made the situation even worse. Hearing banal words such as “I see you” and “This is my side of the ship” caused more pain than the cries of drowning people. In addition, the jokes were too abundant and rather unconvincing. <br /> <br /> “Titanic” included some moving scenes, such as the role when the musicians played, when the ship sank, but they were not close to something original. The best in this film were his special effects, and this is the only thing that really deserved an award. <br /> <br /> Although this film had no artistic value in a general sense, the public could not resist the sentimental story in the lead roles of Romeo (DiCaprio) and so the film became successful. Now we can say with confidence that the industry will be less doubtful in investing large sums of money in one motion picture, so it seems that Titanic really achieved something.
