“Elephant Walk” was a very boring film, and I was really very happy when finally a herd of elephants broke into the mansion and finished this film. Given the money and the cast, you probably expect the film to be much better, although I also question the strange participation of Dana Andrews in the role of a man in love with Elizabeth Taylor. This is not just an age difference, but I just can't see a couple in a pair. Perhaps in part this may be the reason Miss Taylor was replaced by Vivian Li at the last minute (due to Miss Li's deteriorating mental state) - although it is also difficult for me to visualize Andrews and Lee. In addition, for an Englishwoman, Miss Taylor does not seem to even try to use an accent. <br /> <br /> The film begins with a meeting between Peter Finch and Taylor and marriage in England. Their plan is to return to the Finch tea plantation in Ceylon (Sri Lanka), and at first it seems like a good life. However, there are no women to talk to, and domestic workers seem to take offense at her. In addition, after returning home, Finch behaves like a boorish idiot, and Taylor is unhappy. Neighbor Andrews can see this, and he declares his endless passion for her. However, Taylor is not yet ready to give up her marriage. But in the course of the film, Finch increasingly treats Liz as an object, and finally she is ready to leave ... when Cholera suddenly hits a plantation. So Andrews, Finch and Taylor should work together to save the day - although at this point I didn’t care, because there’s absolutely no chemistry between the characters, the dialogue is rather boring, and you can’t understand why Taylor didn’t leave her caress husband within a few days of arriving at this inhospitable hell. <br /> <br /> The film is not particularly attractive or convincing, and, despite Paramount's decent budget, the film is a sluggish mess. I was particularly surprised that, although the film seemed to be shot on the spot, many scenes were clearly shot in a studio with a rear (and grainy) frame that was not well integrated. For example, in one scene, Taylor, Finch, and everyone else sit on the veranda, and the grass is bright green. Then, when the picture cuts through the people dancing right in front of them, the grass turns brown! It is clear that they are actually NOT in Ceylon in this scene or a scene with a giant reclining Buddha. My advice is to skip this one, or at least keep a cup of coffee next to you, so that you don't sleep. Despite its budget, it is simply not a very good or inspired film. <br /> <br /> By the way, could Miss Taylor be pregnant during part of this movie? In some scenes (especially at the beginning) she wears fluffy clothes, has a double chin and looks plump. This is not a criticism - because women become pregnant! But if you look closely, you will understand what I mean. <br /> <br /> By the way, the main plot is in many ways similar to GIANT - a really great Taylor film! It's amazing how casting and decent direction can do so much.
