This film is made from not quite original garbage. I sometimes like romantic comedies. Looking at it is like eating ice cream for dinner. This is not what you are going to do all the time, but the experience is so pleasant that you can ignore how unwise you are. This film made me think about how stupid it was to stay in place during the whole period of work. Everything about this shouting is done cheaply. In fact, it looks as if they have overexposed a film at certain times when it is so blurred. It boasts a cheesy CGI and a lame set. <br /> <br /> The letter was awkward. I know that you can usually expect some problems with the plot in the comedy about the worm, but usually you don’t care because you laugh. This film is so unfriendly that you actually sit there and wonder at the incredible series of coincidences and absolutely incredible behavior. Events were placed in a movie just to move characters from one scene to another or to provide exposure. Of course, all movies work this way, but you should not notice that this is happening. Tasteless. This is the term I should use. <br /> <br /> There was almost no one in the film who was really cute. I didn’t care who ended up with whom, as long as they all stayed away from me, and I no longer needed to listen to how they talk about it. Why does the only really cool character in the film, the character of Paula Rudd, want to have anything to do with the totally crazy, indulgent, balanced control that Eva Longoria played? In addition, almost all the involved characters constantly choose the meanest solution for any situation. Is a straight man pretending to be gay for five years just to hang out (and swim) with the woman to whom he is attracted? The best moment for the well-being that they could come up with was to choose a happy ending for the same schmuck, where he meets with the equally annoying lying-kleptoman sister Rudd? Lake Bell and Eva Longoria are very attractive, attractive women. Maybe they will find something better to appear in the future.
