After the detention of the man responsible for the murder of his boss, Deputy Sheriff Thomas Jefferson Jeronimo, III, is assigned to take the killer back to Italy. On the road, however, the plane heads for Malta. Shortly after landing, the killer escapes. Now, and with a little help from the Maltese police, the deputy sheriff Geronimo is about to catch the killer. But will his “Shoot first, find out later” brand of Texas justice work in a foreign country? <br /> <br /> Let me tell you about it right away, I saw “Final Justice” with and without Mystery Science Theater 3000 comments. I have seen cut scenes that help make the film more cohesive. And I saw a stripped down TV version that was used for MST3K. Having said that, I have to admit that I prefer the MST3K version. What for? Because “Last Justice” is one lousy movie. MST3K commentary helps make it more acceptable. By itself, this is a real snobber action movie with a banal dialogue (often with such bright Italian accents that it is impossible to understand), bad game, weak direction, giant plot holes and most of what you find in a bad movie. And if most of “Last Justice” were not “so bad, it's good,” it would be one horribly boring movie on top of everything else. So yes, I often like MST3K's very funny comment about a bad movie in itself. <br /> <br /> My main complaints about the MST3K comments and most of the reviews I read at Final Justice, however, attract criticism from Joe Don Baker. The main weaknesses in the performance of Baker actually have nothing to do with his size, the choice of his character's wardrobe or other jokes in his direction. Instead, I think a lot of this is due to the poor decision to put him in the lead first. Joe Don Baker has always seemed to me a decent enough actor, but he is not one of those guys whom I would call the “hero of the militants”, if it comes to that. He is more of an assistant when he showed solid performances in a pair of James Bond films. Or, if you really want to blame someone for “Justice” issues, point the finger at director Graydon Clark. Clark's resume cannot compare with Baker. That's why I say: “Dismiss Joe Don Baker!”
