Witty. Unusual. Genuine. Surreal. Butterfly wings? Some may ask what all these words best describe, and some (those who merge with the international film community) can quickly say “coincidence”, but others can jump aboard a more American train and immediately shout out “Butterfly Effect” . Strange, but I’d be one of those who screamed for Kutcher’s science fiction film, mainly because none of the words I originally mentioned at the beginning of this paragraph accurately describe the function of Thoth, of which I was a witness. . Of course, we all loved her in Amelia and thought she was the daughter of Jesus in The Da Vinci Code, but in this film the director, first working (at least in the feature film), Laurent Firode does not give Thoth the opportunity to shine. Unfortunately, he does not give anyone the opportunity to truly demonstrate himself, because he is too delicately captured by moments of "chance chance" to bring this film to anything but a simple flicker (there has never been a real boil). Firode has enough, and I use the word “enough” as a small word, moments in this film, where he could create a fantastic story for us, a really fanciful tale of love and coincidence, but instead he fell face down in the dirt - a bucket of chaotic interlacing which overwhelmed us with inconsistent characters and a story that made us gasp for less. <br /> <br /> Totu’s beautiful face adorns the lid of this box, but don’t take it right away, as I did in suggesting that it will be another monumental journey to the French cinema Toto. Toto in this film, do not misunderstand me, but it can be argued that it is not at the center of this story. Firod's job is to create a series of random events that ultimately lead to a friendly (albeit confusing) ending that illustrates the meaning of a refreshing "melodrama". He is completely, completely unsuccessful. The firm fails, giving us, the audience, too many characters. With a lot of characters, he gives us too many random interventions, and by the end you don't care who is who, what is, or how and how; Your main focus, it turns out, is focused solely on the final credits and the time of their arrival. Tautou could have saved this film from disaster if Ferrod had only given her the center. Alas, he did not do this, but apparently he tried to push a group of 12 people through a theoretical film show the size of a penny. It just did not work, and we were left with a cork in which we were completely stuck. <br /> <br /> Firode fails because he is “so intently focused on the fine details that, for one of those rare episodes of the film, he actually forgets the central focus. I can say that there wasn’t a certain central focus on randomness. At first he tries to create one of them with our two supposed protagonists, finding that they have the same birthday, and their horoscope promises love in the moonlight, but we will never return to this throughout the film. Instead this, again, we are bombarded with new characters, sultry scenes and meaningless nonsense, clearly chosen to divert us from the real story and much more into the world, complete “if and both”. I could not do it. I could not believe this film. Screenwriter Firod (yes, the same guy who runs this bullshit) uses the technique in this film so primitive that I immediately felt that I had to finish it immediately. He must have assumed that many of us were unable to actually follow the main story line (or scientific background), flow Mu that he lacks the help of a homeless person to actually fill in the corresponding gaps. I do not need this, and I do not think that the Firm needed to belittle its audience in this matter. While there were other elements that did not seem to work at all for me (again, I felt like a mixed-up collage made of crushed paper in Paris), it was the icing on the cake. I don't need my hand to be in the movies. <br /> <br /> I will give this movie one star for the loan. This is quite a difficult genre for successful development. Time travel films are especially difficult because of the innumerable possibilities that are never taken into account, but it works with Happenstance because Firode partially explores various possibilities. Although I do not agree with the statement that he does it not very well, it brought at least five full minutes of pleasure. I liked the way Firod went with this film, he had a true story with a diaphragm, but the final performance just blew up this film to shreds. Firod could have saved this film if he had strengthened his characters, while highlighting his background and history. I think that my overall mood of this film would change if only these two simple directions were taken. Oh, how I wish I could go back in time to the production of this film, in order to show Firm the mistakes of his way. <br /> <br /> Overall, for the first time (and, probably, the last time), this was Tothu's film, which I must say, completely disappointed me. From the changeable discovery to the indifferent ending, I simply felt that Happenstance failed because of Firode's leadership and terrible marketing. Marketing is something that I haven’t mentioned before, but why would anyone buy this film, thinking that it was Amelie-2 (according to the name released in Hong Kong), and why would you put Totu right on the cover, knowing that she did not carry this film at all. I believe that from the first minute that passed on my DVD player, this film was in ruins. Although I would applaud his subject, everything else was far below the level of mediocrity. I can not offer this film to anyone. <br /> <br /> Rating: * of *****
