I am a passionate fan of violent exploitation movies who would never attack a movie for violence or anxiety. I consider Cannibal Holocaust to be a masterpiece and I will always defend controversial films such as Woman’s Day or The Last House on the Left as genuine classics. Anyone viewing my comments from other users will notice that I’m actually very violent when it comes to movies. However, I believe that there should be at least some moment in violence. This piece of shit makes no sense at all. The first film in the infamous Guinea Pig series, Devil's Experiment (1985), is widely controversial, but, unlike many other scandalous films, this bitchy man has nothing to recommend. I have to say that before I watched any of the Guini-Pigs films, I already had the feeling that I hate this one, knowing what I was talking about. Because of his status as one of the most controversial films around, however, I decided that I had to watch it. I am very glad that I did not waste money on this pile of shit, and I would very much like me to waste my time too. <br /> <br /> The story of this thing (I don’t even want to call it a “film”): it doesn’t have it. Three scum torture a woman to death for some agonizing 40 minutes. That's all. No artistic value, no “shocking” story, no expectation; nothing. It’s just disbelief that a film that shows NOTHING, except for the fact that a woman without torture without a reason enjoys great worship in a cult. It interferes, I give it. Of course, anxious to watch a video of torture for 40 minutes. However, more alarming is the fact that many people actually see this pile of garbage as a kind of masterpiece. I really can't understand why. I hope the reason that the effects of blood look realistic, can not be the cause. The girl who plays the victim is not a very good actor and reacts very calmly to all the tortures. This makes the film less realistic, which is good in this case. This is a disgusting film; not for the sake of his bloodshed, but because of his redundancy, his existence for the sole purpose of showing 40 minutes of torture. <br /> <br /> I am strongly opposed to any form of censorship. Since it is 100% fake and no one was hurt during its production, it is legal to make such a film. However, I cannot think of the only reason why someone likes it, except for the painful desire to observe suffering and pleasure from torture. The continuation of this film "Flowers of Flesh and Blood" became famous when the actor Charlie Sheen took him for a real film "Snuff" and told the FBI. Fortunately, the film was a fake. In general, Devil's Experiment is a fake film about torture and snuff tabahs that seem to have a single goal — to look as close as possible to the real movie. "<br /> <br /> Devil's Experiment" is the worst movie I have ever seen unhappiness. Don't torture yourself by giving this piece of shit a try at its controversial status. Do yourself a favor and avoid it. Zero stars out of 10, I would like to have a negative scale in order to properly evaluate this bunch of crap.
