When I read a brief statement of the film, something like what happens when a person receives power from God, and as he later learns that having supernatural abilities requires tremendous responsibility and strength, I thought it was a smart and original concept. Casting was also promising, Kerry, Freeman, Aniston ... How can a movie with a good idea and good actors, not to mention the cost of shooting, be bad? It can. The idea is good, but the script and the story itself are terrible. Bruce Nolan, to be honest, is a rather mediocre journalist, with not very good stories (for example, a story with a giant cookie, what a fake story, and a report on Niagara is a complete failure!), He is a man with a job that he completely deserves (he doesn’t a good journalist, he is a comedian), considering his possibilities, with a good home, a sweet girlfriend, and OH HORROR !!!! A dog that is not raised at home !!! Yes, as soon as Bruce at the beginning of the film begins to turn to God in “God, why do you hate me!” Thus, the average viewer should think: “Why, what is wrong with your life, Bruce?”. There is no Bruce, and definitely NOT a person with real problems in life. Most of the troubles that happen to him are insignificant and not worth the fact that he fusses, and some of them are in fact only the result of his stupidity. Most people have really big problems that deserve attention, most people deserve more attention, because Bruce, who does not seem too human, does not even look realistic, too stupid and neurotic, but God turns to him anyway. What for? Although Morgan Freeman looks like God, I can't help but ask what he does in this particularly bad movie. And what does Bruce do when God gives him his strength? God in this film can just as easily transfer his powers to a five-year-old child, and there is hardly any difference. No, wait, an intelligent child is likely to use his God’s abilities better than Bruce. What is Bruce doing? Pulls the moon closer to the ground to create a romantic atmosphere, shares the red soup, picks up a beautiful female dress on the street, answers e-mail prayers and makes them all come true !!!! No more, Bruce, please! What Bruce did may actually put an end to the world, but in the film this does not happen, because it is a “good, family, small film” and makes no sense at all !!! Not a hint of sarcasm, of real humor, of wit, at least of some dirty humor !!! Nothing. It's just that Kerry is playing silly, that he starts to look miserable at a middle-aged actor. Aniston is understated here. She plays the pale, undeveloped character of Bruce Grace's girlfriend and remains completely forgotten in this film. No one in their right mind would believe that these two have any chemistry at all between them. When Grace says a prayer for Bruce, it sounds not only stupid and pathetic, but completely wrong. These two should not be together. I would give three stars, but I doubt the film deserves one. Bad script, inconclusive dialogues, lack of real humor, wit and sophistication, as well as undeveloped characters and understated roles of Freeman and Aniston, total lack of courage and sarcasm - all this makes the film hardly worth it *** But well, there were some funny moments, and Freeman It's always nice to see in any movie, so let's leave three stars.
