I saw this film in its first week in 1975. I was 13 years old, and at that time I found it adequate and somewhat amusing. Then I discovered DOC Savage's WORLD through Bantam’s novels from old journaling magazines. Before that, I had no idea about the world of Doc, but quickly became one of the most avid fans of Doc Savage you have ever met. I read (and still own) all the books about Bantam, I started walking in comics (along with Star Trek and Doctor Who and all sorts of events related to a fat child) and had a wonderful time with every adventure I conducted with Doc and the ORIGINAL Fab 5. Philip Jose Farmer's book - Doc Savage’s apocalyptic life has become something of a bible for me, and to this day I have very warm feelings about my Doc phase. In saying this, I have to admit that after years this film really missed the boat. This is a film that did not know what he wanted to be when he grew up. The script was infantile and had little resemblance to the story of the pulp. These 30s stories were short, and if you look at Lester Dent's sketches (AKA Kenneth Robeson) for writing them, they broke up into PERFECT 3-hit dramas that screamed for screen processing. One would have thought that George Pal and Michael Anderson would have been better at the helm. Fake items do not hit the target, and more serious moments almost reach the goal, but then fail. It is interesting to observe that they hired secondary actors (guys who, before this film, were really only a few players and extras), who proved themselves well. Of course, Paul Gleason was a good player in all areas of entertainment, and Bill Lacking - a perennial television show. All the others sadly fell off the map. I really want to have a copy of this movie, because this is the only version of my hero’s movie, but I’m afraid I’ll not watch it too much because it hurts too much. I would say 0, but instead I give him 2 out of 10 for some artistic leadership of the period (Doc's answering machine at the end was a pleasant touch), and throwing 3 stingers gets a moment in the sun.
