I dug it out and looked tonight. Honestly, I think that it's been 20 years since I last saw it. I remember that it was a seriously spoiled movie. I do not remember that it was so bad !!!!! <br /> <br /> I am absolutely stunned that a project with such great potential should have been subjected to such reprehensible treatment. Who am I to blame for this? 2 guys who wrote (and I use this word fluently) script? Directors who so badly missed at least 3 main characters in the story? (Only 2 of them are among the "amazing 5".) A director who clearly refused to take it seriously and continued to shove awful music over bad writing and bad acting everywhere? (I liked the themed song, but it should never have been used throughout the entire film!) Don Black, who should be ashamed of some of the words he wrote for this music? <br /> <br /> This shows that I have to pull it out, less than a week after re-reading the comic book adaptation. The first 15-20 minutes of the film more or less (in fact, LESS) parallel to the first release of the comic. When I watched it tonight, I kept wondering - why ALMOST all the details have changed? The dock appeared, then opened the safe with the remote control of the watch, and the sniper's bullet missed it by 5 inches, because the refracting glass was almost the only thing that remained the same. I mean, if you are going to make an “adaptation”, WHY in the name of God change EVERYTHING ??? <br /> <br /> As soon as they leave Doc's headquarters, practically NOTHING is like the comic book (which, considering Roy Thomas, I think, probably follows the book). I read somewhere that they actually combined the elements of two different novels into one film. Again ... WHY? I heard that this has changed because they could not provide the budget they wanted. I look at the movie and I think ... MONEY BACKGROUND explains what I saw on the screen !! <br /> <br /> You know, when people complain about Joel Schumacher, they really should look at this thing. The best I can say is that I think it would make an excellent double function with the 1966 BATMAN function - and probably a great triple score with this and the 1980 FLASH GORDON. All 3 films are "stupid." Maybe we can “blame” the film (and the series) of 1966 for that. Some fans have complained over the years that BATMAN Adam West has destroyed the image of comics in the minds of generations of non-comic fans. I think the same can be said about Hollywood. I am reminded of how many really, very bad films based on “classic” characters were shot over the years, especially (I think) in the late 70s and early 80s. Charlie Chan, Fu Manchu, Tarzan, Buck Rogers, Flash Gordon, the Lone Ranger are all “killed” by Hollywood types who think, “Oh, comics! So you know it's stupid! ”Rather, they are“ stupid. ” What a waste of potential. <br /> <br /> Let me say something good ... Despite the screenplay and direction, Ron Eli is EXCELLENT. When I read the story of DOC SAVAGE, I do not think about the paintings of James Bama, I think about Eli. Bill Lacking (who was later a regular member of A-TEAM) is awesome. Eldon Quick (whom I saw somewhere else but can't remember where) is awesome. Paul Gleason, whom I absolutely hated with passion and revenge in the CLUB BREAKFAST ("teachers" like the one he played are not allowed to ever teach anywhere) may be the best of the "amazing 5" in the film. Pamela Hensley - although her role was almost unrecognizable from the original story - awesome. Before she let her hair down, I also realized that she looked like hell, similar to "Ardal Walmar," from those horrible John Culkins strips that I just read the other day. She has a big nose, like Ardaly - but not quite so bright. Ardahl’s comics really looked more like the 1936 Princess Aura or Cher film. Or maybe Streisand. Take your pick. (Actually, Ardala underwent plastic surgery on the George Tusk bands - after that, she was stunning!) <br /> <br /> Paul Wexler, oddly enough, I only saw last week in the episode GET SMART. I wonder if he was something of a character he was supposed to play? I do not know, because this character was definitely not in the film, whose name takes the film.
