After Watergate, Vietnam, and the dark days of the Nixon and Jimmy Carter eras, the world needed a good old-fashioned hero to play a chapter, played by the venomous snakes and villains in America in 1936 or the jungles of South America in the series. fantastic adventures. Unfortunately, he received in 1975 Doc Savage, The Man of Bronze. Perhaps the best thing to say about the latest film by legendary producer George Pal is that his often beautifully designed but sadly flat paperback adaptation of Kenneth Robson’s novels probably caused George Lucas and Phil Kaufman to leave the theater and tell each other: "We can do better than this," and adding to the mix a whip broken by Fedora and some of the much-needed character flaws. <br /> <br /> A big part of the problem is that Doc Savage is in many ways even harder to write for what is superman ? explorer, adventurer, philanthropist, scientist and intellectual genius in a bronze pale-pale bulletproof muscular body of the Greek god (or rather in the form of Tarzan, Ron Ely, a rather boring clone of Charlton Heston), there is simply nothing he can do and what is more harmful is nothing that could harm him.This person is the virtual embodiment of the Aryan ubermensch Hitler (not surprisingly, the DVD is only available in Germany!), albeit with American values. And in case there ever will be something that he has missed (not what ever happened), there are not one but five friends around him (Fabulous Five). I can agree with a chemist, an electrician, and even an archaeologist, and with some stretch I could even go so far as to see a possible need for a civil engineer, but what character does the criminal lawyer take with him to his adventures? In fact, Doc's brain confidence was probably added because the hero is so tiringly invulnerable and practically perfect in all respects? even kryptonite wouldn't hurt him - there was someone in danger in the stories, although with the exception of Paul Gleason, they were all so badly played and replayed (like most parts in the film), you'd happily kill them all during introductory titles. Villains live no better: Paul Wexler highlights the dangers of a geography teacher like Captain Sis, Scott Walker (no, the other), demonstrating one of the worst accents in the movie (it should be Scottish, Irish, Welsh, Greek, Pakistani or some kind of nationality, which nobody has ever heard of?) While the stupid blonde Mollin Robin Hilton from “Robin Hilton” gives Paris (without any reference) a race for her money in untalented bimbo-stakes. <br /> <br /> Even with these drawbacks, should this have been much better than considering the various ingredients? lost tribes, a puddle of gold, a biplane air battle, and a deadly poison that comes to life - all connected with the goal of finding out why Doc's father was killed. Unfortunately, this is a matter of tone: in the 60s and 70s, superheroes with pulp did not think about figures inclined to the most modern action scenes and special effects, but were perceived as funny figures from a low-budget camp fun with fast-acting scenes. Filmed on the cheap almost as an afterthought, films are aimed exclusively at the morning market: you know, for children. It has long been rumored that the original cut was more straightforward ?? and, of course, much of the camp value was added to post-production, be it Colgate's twinkling in Doc's eyes, funny headlines identifying different fighting styles in the final altercation with captain Sis or Donath's fanatical lyricism. Patriotic marches Souza but many was in the film for a start. In the end, it’s hard to understand how one of the villain’s subordinates, calling from a giant cradle, was ever thought of as something other than a joke that fails, while Doc’s Pamela Hensley’s explanation of why he never dating girls, could be a scene written for batman by adam west. Instead, the funniest moments tend to be purely unintended, for example, Doc shows his sixth sense, swaying Adam's apple. <br /> <br /> Perhaps a bigger problem is that, promising on paper, an action with almost ruthless treatment, be it the pursuit of the root killer on the roofs of New York skyscrapers or escape from a yacht full of bad guys. Even the victorious idea that animated glowing green snakes spinning in the air poisoning their victims does not arouse enthusiasm for director Michael Anderson: having demonstrated his invulnerability several scenes earlier, Doc manages to send them no more than to a chair. and an electric fan, just pulling the curtains on them. <br /> <br /> However, apart from the various Doc vehicles on which everything is imprinted with its logo and which look more molded from plastic than from bronze, the design is often quite pretty, even if it is obvious Angeles stands for New York, while Fred Kenokamp’s cinematography ensures that the film often looks good, despite the small budget. And it's nice to see a film about superheroes, who do not spend most of their time on the plot of origin, although the person still suspects that Doc originated entirely from the loins of Zeus himself. <br /> <br /> This is a movie that I would really like, but it looks like 100 minutes of missed opportunities. Not surprisingly, Doc Savage, “The Enemy of Evil,” a sequel so optimistically promised in the final credits, never happened.
