There is nothing surprising in the "Amazing Mr. Williams". Part of the problem of this film is his main actor, Melvin Douglas. He was a lousy actor and lazy with it. For most of his career, he allowed his beautiful looks, mannerisms and (usually, but not in this film) some good scripting to compensate for the lack of acting ability. I did not like Douglas as an actor before I knew anything about him as a man; I learned enough about him to realize that I, too, despise his policies. I will tell Melvin Douglas one thing: his chromosomes produced an incredibly talented and sexy actress Illeana Douglas. <br /> <br /> Melvin Douglas shot this movie right after the brilliant Ninochka ... let's talk about getting down! “Amazing Mr. Williams” is supposedly a comedy, but I never laughed. Douglas plays a plain-clothes detective in the homicide department named Kenny Williams. I have never heard of a police detective named Kenny, but if they call him Kenneth Williams ... well, what a pen. The whole city is in a panic because of a serial killer killing women. No reason for this is given; he just loves killing women. Mayor (Jonathan Hale, better than usual) calls Williams on the carpet to explain why he could not catch the killer. <br /> <br /> APPROXIMATE SPOILERS. Cheap, vulgar, mediocre and unappealing Joan Blondel plays the secretary to the mayor. (She is not literate enough to file a letter, much less print.) Blondel and Douglas quarrel like a cat and a dog, so it’s obvious that they will be together. <br /> <br /> At the lowest point of this film, Melvin Douglas decides to pull out the killer, dressing up as a woman. You do NOT want to see Melvin Douglas in drag! He is more than six feet, and he does not even shave off those annoying mustaches. William Powell with the same character was an actor, very similar in type to Melvin Douglas (but much more talented). When Powell disguised himself as a woman in Mad Love, he had the integrity to shave off his mustache: the real sacrifice, as Powell needed her to grow back for his next role. But Melvin Douglas adds nothing to his role in this film, not even the razor. He plays in his dragon scenes with the same annoying grin that he used throughout his career. <br /> <br /> On the other hand, “Amazing Mr. Williams” has some great supporting players who made Hollywood movies of the 30s so exciting. Edward Brophy here is great, touching and funny as a criminal who gets an unlikely vacation from his life sentence. Dispatcher Donald McBride is good as a cop who is mistaken for a murderer, and he is almost lynched by the crowd. Ruth Donnelly is great: as usual for her, but here she gets a chance to show her talents away from her usual orbit in the background of the Warner brothers. Jimmy Conlin, Louis Alberni and smirking Dave Willock - everything is fine in small roles. Barbara Pepper (which I usually don't like) is also good here. The extremely unpleasant Mod Abern gets some screen time; I always hate her, and she gives the same performance in every film ... but some viewers like Abern's performance on the same note for reasons I can't understand. <br /> <br /> If you know the Hollywood actors of the 1930s and the roles they played, one glance at the IMDb cast will show you who the killer is. This is the problem with “Amazing Mr. Williams”: everything is too obvious. I rate this movie 2 points out of 10.
