Even if you're a big fan of Sandler, please don't worry about this extremely disappointing comedy! I bought this film for $ 7.99, suggesting that it should be at least half decent, because my man is Sandler in it and because I assumed that some women would be naked (judging by the R-rating and poorly dressed women on the cover) . Well, there are quite a few poorly dressed women, but none of them undress. I'm not sure what time it was in Sandler's career, but I guess it was even before his SNL days. I could be wrong. It's like watching one of his home movies. He could look back on such a stupid film like this one, and recall the good times ... but we (the audience) stay dry. This is hardly a "movie"! Sandler talks a lot with the camera and at some point even admits that this is a “budgetless” film (this is true, not a low-budget film, not a budget film). So our job is to laugh at bizarre characters. There is no steady plot, it looks like an extended sketch comedy show - but rough and poorly written. The guy who played the nasty comedian was completely annoying, and first of all it was incredible that he would get such a massive audience. And Sandler finds his comic inspiration by saying one classic line to Henny Youngman, “Take my wife, please,” and the audience on the floor? I'm not even going to try to do some logic here. Of course, Sandler’s current and recent films don't make much sense (the penguin in Billy Madison, the dwarf in Gilmore's Happy Place), but the comedy works. This is purely amateur work, and even if you are interested in learning about the first years of Adam in the cinema, it will not interest you anyway. You'd better check out his start in SNL or perhaps his underestimated role in Mixed Nuts. Of course, Sandman is not the only actor lost in this ungrateful car. Billy Bob Thornton also appears briefly, Billy Zane (“Titanic”) plays a secondary role, and the great Bert Young (from Rocky) plays an important role. <br /> <br /> This terrible comedy will most likely be gathering dust in the 99-cent rental section of your local video store - and rightly so. <br /> <br /> My rating: 3 (out of 10)
