Officially, Hollywood went too far, and I very much hope that this parody of the movie creates a real negative reaction against their shitty machines, despite the good profits from box office. If you are an industry specialist and read our comments in search of advice on what to do next, STOP. Stop turning our television shows into these repulsive, stupid, waste of money, waste of time on movies that sucks. Thereby you prove one thing: there are no ideas in Hollywood, and visiting the films they release only perpetuates the cycle of disgust. What's next - are you guys going to go and destroy the Bionic Man ?? <br /> <br /> The film is simply wrong, and he manages to get the stupidest, simple fact of the show completely wrong, forgetting (or ignoring) that Tom Wopat and John Schneider, Bo and Luke Duke were * REFORMED * samogony. They were arrested, learned a lesson, went straight, and they were there to help people and be good neighbors, who accidentally shot arrows with dynamite tips from hunting bows and drove like Steve McQueen. Denver's uncle Pyle Jessie was also the moral center of the family, always insisting that the boys do good, even at their own expense or because of embarrassment, while he was preparing sandwiches and coffee when doing household chores. They always did the right things and had some serious naivety about them, which was pretty attractive. We wanted to be more like them than we, Sorta. My favorite trick from the show was how they always fastened their seat belts before the roar, which was too moral for this film. <br /> <br /> Turning the family of the Dukes into a flock of mocking, wise, criminally-minded people Horrible greed, misogynistic losers In the film there is no moral point of view, where the entire series told about how dutiful were the dukes. Is the duke's boys supposed to be filmed as good guys in this movie? I wanted to hit them both in the nose. They seem to have a lot of free time to spend on farm work, and end up with less noble goals if they don’t behave like a pair of 14-year-old boys who haven’t grown yet. There should be no use of marijuana, no staring at the lush chest, Nubian students and their breasts, there should be no fraud involving Brothers in da Huda. All this seems to be the work of a marketing consultant who conducted a survey at a mall that 14-year-old boys like to see in the movies. The problem is that 14-year-old boys cannot remember the show, IMHO also should not watch this film, and parents who may feel nostalgic for the show will be disgusted with what writers, directors and producers have done with our collective memory. just to separate us from our money, that's exactly what I feel. What were they thinking about ??? <br /> <br /> And the boy EVER * misunderstood Daisy. Jessica Simpson, discharged like a whore at the Pamela Anderson shopping center, may be the only reason anyone can see this mess, but you can meet your needs by simply downloading advertisements with her, printing them out and attaching them to the toilet wall. It is unlikely in the film (which is the only saving grace of the film), and the ten or so minutes that they used were the ONLY ones. Daisy Catherine Bach may have had the same shorts and long legs that made people feel funny just by looking at her, but Daisy she played was * MAN *. The blunders she revealed, just being who she was, had almost a natural sound. She remains one of the most incredibly sexy icons of pop culture ever created, but someone was at home. And most importantly, she was a sweet, caring person who could not do anything about it if the guys went around her with Ga Ga. <br /> <br /> By contrast, Jessica Simpson looks fake, made-up, made-up, costumed, posed, sidelined, boring, out of place, and I don't think she even looks so cool in clothes. She does not look like a person, but as a conspiracy, made up during a deal with someone representing her agent. Miss Simpson would be advised to immediately fire this man and pretend that nothing of the kind happened. Whatever the joke, she doesn’t participate in it and is shamefully exploited for T & A. If this is all she wants from her career, the executive producer is a sequel, at least to ensure enough time for herself on the screen, at least because this effort was just pathetic. <br /> <br /> The point is to skip it. For the cost of two tickets and Slurpee, you can purchase one of the collections of the original Warner Bros shows. on dvd and the whole family will be able to watch them together. That's why it worked. The only real goal I see in the film may be that in the future it will be used as a tool for interrogation in Guantanamo Bay. Twenty minutes of this, and they will sing a chorus. <br /> <br /> 1/10, and I mean. And stay away from the bionic man, you schnooks.
