In Hazzard County, Georgia, the cousins ​​Bo and Luke Duke (Scott, Knoxville) and their cousin Daisy Duke (Jessica Simpson) run the moonshine made by their uncle Jessie (Willie Nelson), while avoiding local authority, Boss Hoga (Bert Reynolds ). Their problems with the boss only begin when they find out that he is plotting to strip the mine in order to find the valuable ores found under it. <br /> <br /> I have never seen a TV show, and after watching a movie, I’m not going to start anytime soon. I like silly comedies, but this one didn’t bring much laughter. It was a rather boring picture from the first hour, when it was very hard to sit. The second part was a little better, but this film was still a missed opportunity. The film is too focused on Bo and Luke. The characters in general were not very interesting, and the actors portraying them did not do well. <br /> <br /> The acting was not very good. At first, I did not expect it to be good, but none of the roles were very funny. Seann William Scott and Johnny Knoxville both give below average results. The latter was pretty good as Stifler, but he tries too hard here. The latter seems to be looking for a salary and nothing else. Jessica Simpson is not known for her acting and is not very famous for her singing. She is known for having her own reality show and she is saying really stupid things. She is beautiful, but she is a weak actor. It doesn’t matter, because she doesn’t really appear in the film, and the character she plays is not complex or something like that. Willie Nelson also has a secondary role, and he does nothing special. <br /> <br /> The script was written by John O'Brien, and he made two films in front of the Dukes of Hazzard. The first was "Cradle in the grave", which was good. The second was Starsky and Hutch, which was pretty funny. Although he does not do a good job here, as the story is a mess. He also forgot to add jokes and a few other things that would make this film better. The film is also quite long for a comedy. Well, 106 minutes is not exactly long, but they feel much longer, because in the first hour there is very little humor. I think that comedies should be short, otherwise they should find a lot of material to cover all the time. The Dukes of Hazzard barely have enough funny jokes to last for thirty minutes, not to mention 106 minutes. The sequences of the cars were average, and they did not save the already problematic film. After all, the dukes of Hazzard may appeal to a few people, but most people will probably find it boring, and better if you just skip it. Rating 4/10
