Nowadays in Hollywood, it seems the norm is the restructuring of the cinema of old TV shows, but this disrespectful toilet humor, profanity “you kiss your mother with your mouth” is the insolent middle finger on all fans of the Dukes of Hazzard, both north and south from the Mason-Dixon line. From the initial episode, when Bo and Luke Herzog make moonshine for Uncle Jessie (there is no brilliance in the show, because this will cause the boys to return to prison as a violation of parole), until the final episode, when Uncle Jessie smokes weed with Governor Georgia (Uncle Jessie was a moral compass, despite his previous lunar paths), this dismal film waste is an open insult. I cannot tell you how many parents I saw, got up and took my children from the theater during the first 15 minutes of the film, when they realized that they were terribly deceived. The original dukes of Hazzard were a family show with basic moral values. “The real dukes of Hazzard” were safe for children, they worked on hemi, a show of fun that parents did not need to worry about teaching their children seven words of George Carlin. I read reviews that the show and the film are nothing more than racism. These commits may be correct for a movie. These commits are absolutely wrong in the show. The show, anyway, was about how to get along and be friends with someone. Hollywood has finally openly declared its contempt for those of us, the Yankees, the rebels, or anyone else who still believes in honor, loyalty, trust, family, and does the right thing, even if it is not popular. Hollywood has finally revealed that those of us who live in the heart are stupid, uneducated, are pouring beer, dirty mouths, trash who will buy any piece of trash they want to sell. Prove to the Hollywood elite that they are wrong. DO NOT SEE THIS MOVIE. Boycott of sponsors. Fill the Warner Bros. mailboxes and mailboxes. complaints that we do not appreciate their destruction of one of the greatest shows of T.V. of all time. Save your money and buy a DVD with the original show, but what are you doing ?? DO NOT SEE THIS MOVIE
