Somewhere in 1998, Saban acquired the rights to release a completely new series of Ninja Turtles live fighters. Naturally, being a TMNT fan that day, it obviously reached my interest. So when I started watching the show ... to say that I was disappointed with the end result, it means to say nothing. Some time later (as recently) I had the opportunity to return to the series. <br /> <br /> First of all, let's talk about some positive points. They managed to recreate the Turtles lair, as it was last seen in the films, quite well, given the limited budget they invested in it. There, as a rule, this dark atmosphere as a whole is in terms of sets and so on. And the “Turtle” costumes, although not the best puppet play and all that, were functional and seemed pretty strong for most of the activities that would follow in the series. <br /> <br /> People usually complain about getting rid of Quickly destroy and replace it with these original villains who could easily be used in the Power Rangers show. But Shredder can be beaten as many times as he is bored and undermined his value as a villain ... and besides, most fans are not aware or remember or simply ignore the fact that in the original comic, Schroeder was killed in the very first issue ! Never mind the countless resurrections that will follow. So from a personal point of view, I was kind of glad that they got rid of Shredder, because then the anticipation would grow into a point where they would eventually bring him back to a later episode. I believe that a shredder works best in small quantities, because then his meetings with the Turtles become even more memorable. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, they end up replacing him with these original villains who, as already mentioned, seemed more suitable for the Power Rangers show than the Ninja Turtles show. And with these new magical generics, a new female magical turtle appears, the infamous Venus de Milo. I will be honest; I never felt comfortable with her. I am not against the idea of ​​a female tortoise; I am simply against the idea of ​​one who uses magic, and thus sticks out like a sore sight, among a clan of ninja turtles who seem a bit out of their possessions. I almost get the impression that it could easily have been a show of Venus de Milo dedicated to her imaginary enemies, and TMNT simply to provide star power (or whatever, given the times when it was released). Fortunately, they were all in the spotlight. <br /> <br /> The next mutation was organized after the season on air, and the creators were more than happy to ignore it. Given time and perhaps another season, I truly believe that this live iteration of TMNT could be something and could get a chance for greatness. But while the idea was sound, the performance was wrong (although there are some good episodes in this series). In its current form, “The Next Mutation” is one of those oddities in the Turtle, which is best left alone and forgotten.
