Dr. Hakenstein begins his work at the turn of the last century, or rather, in 1909, at the dawn of modern medical science. Dr. Eliot Hakenstein (David Muir) is in the early stages of rejuvenating living tissue experiments. Dr. Hakenstein managed to bring the rat back to life, which confirms that he managed to bring the dead back to life ... It is now "Three years later" and Dean Slezinger (Michael Ensign) gathered around Doc's house for dinner. While Dean Slezinger and Dr. Hakenstein are eating, they talk about Hackenstien's experiments against which Dean Slezinger was always against, Dr. Hakenstein shows Dean Sleesinger his lab in the attic, where he keeps his wife's severed head, Sheila (Silvia Lee Baker), who died in a miserable “Accident” and can talk telepathically with him (Kristi Botkin, obviously, provides voice of Sheila). Dr. Hakenstein also shows Dean Slesinger a skinned chicken running in a cage, and explains that with the process he developed, he will bring Sheila back to life. Dean has some kind of seizure and apparently he is dying. Meanwhile, Wendy's sisters (Bambi Darro as Dianne DiRossario), Leslie Trilling (Catherine Davis Cox), and their brother Alex (John Alexis) and their cousin Melanie Victor (Stacy Travis) ride along the Hakenstein house when they crash, they seek shelter and help and arrive at Hakenstein’s doorstep. Dr. Hakenstein invites four travelers to stay overnight. Dr. Hakenstein is later visited by two grave robbers, Xavier (Logan Ramsey) and Ruby Rhodes (Ann Ramsey), who deliver the male body when Hackenstein really needs female parts for Sheila. Dr. Hakenstein, being a genius, deciding not to waste the opportunity to have three beautiful young samples available, and begins to “borrow” the bits and “pieces” he needs to complete Sheila ... <br /> <br /> Written and directed by Richard Clark I was pleasantly surprised by Dr. Hakenstein, right now I will say that it is not brilliant for any imagination, but, in fact, I really liked it. He moves at a reasonable pace, even if he pulls a little in the middle when everything calms down. The script tries to mix the farce of humor as a scene when Dr. Hackenstein tries to hold back Melanie, and she tries to capture the attention of his deaf housekeeper Yolanda Simpson (Catherine Kahn), expelling and Hackenstein keeps Melanie behind Yolanda, who doesn't seem to notice what is happening , with a touch of blood, but I would say that Dr. Hakenstein is more like a comedy than horror in the concept and sensations in everything. There are several moody puns and sexual hints that are always good for laughs, Dr. Hackenstein for Wendy, “You would like to see my tools” as an example. I also thought that the scene when Mrs. Trilling (Phyllis Diller) reports her missing daughter to the stunned detective Olin (William Schreiner) was a rather amusing sequence of conversations about why he is not looking for them, although he only had one it is said why there is no prisoner in the cell, and that if he did not find a cousin, there is no need to worry about it. None of this was a ridiculous laugh, but I have to admit that sometimes I smile and find the film as a whole quiet and funny. There is not much blood on the screen, several severed limbs, the headless head of Sheila, some medical stitches and those animal skins, which, by the way, are fake. I also liked Dr. Hakenstein’s characters, which was a surprise in itself. The game is not brilliant, but to pay tribute to everyone, they put in some effort, a lot of exaggerated facial movements and some serious replays, which is never boring, oh, and the three birds in Dr. Hackenstein are suitable, if you know what I mean . Technically, the film is also in order, again, he will not get a single Oscar, but I have to give the directors at least some credit for trying to tune it at the turn of the century. This does not always work, sometimes the clothes are divergent, the girls are like their own from Victorian England, and the guys are like the western ones. The house looks as if all the filmmakers removed some modern item from the room and stuck several candles in it! It sounds a bit cheap, but actually it’s not a bad movie at all. Although it would be possible to do without comedic music. In general, I enjoyed Dr. Hakenstein much more than I thought, although this is not a recommendation in itself. This, of course, is not the best comedic horror film ever made, and this, of course, is not the worst. Enough watchable piece of harmless fun.
