Apparently, there is a very good reason why I had never heard of “Doctor Hakenstein” before me, and a couple of comrades accidentally stumbled upon him and stupidly decided to give him a chance. Here is the reason: it sucks! This is a very meaningless, boring, stupid and completely memorable comedy / parody of horrors. Actually, to be honest, I'm not even sure that it was intended as a comedy, because sometimes the script takes itself seriously enough and struggles to be really ambitious and original horror film of the late 80s. In 1909, at the dawn of a new era in medical science, according to the introductory sequences, Dr. Elliot Hackenstein needs exactly three women. No more no less ?? recover his beloved wife whom he accidentally killed. Now she is just a living head, but stupid body thieves provide only the corpses of men. So when Dr. Hakenstein cries out, “I need three female bodies to get my wife back,” his words won't even freeze, and three young women (and one really annoying know-it-all) with a car malfunction just wonderfully appear. threshold. Why does this never happen to me? "I need a bunch of sexy voluptuous women to fill my empty harem !!!" ?? Look, nothing! In any case, the good Doctor sees that his desire is fulfilled, but, unfortunately, ?? for science is it ?? he develops sympathy for one of three girls. “Dr. Hakenstein” is an unfortunate film that tries to capitalize on the success of “Re-Animator” and even brazenly steals some comic aspects of this classic, such as a tear-off head that speaks on one line. It is easy to understand why this film is not mentioned anywhere, because it does not attract fans of either the horror genre or the comedy genre. The funniest character is undoubtedly the loudly speaking woman robber of the graves of Ruby; depicted by the anti-cherub Anne Ramsey. The horror lovers of the 80s will surely remember her from Wes Craven's “Deadly Friend”, where she played the nasty old hag neighbor, who was beheaded with basketball. Dr. Hakenstein allegedly occurs in the early 1900s, but it is unlikely that any attempts are made to recreate the atmosphere of that era (with the possible exception of some cars). Dr. Hakenstein's laboratory is a fairly standard 80s composition with all sorts of smoky boilers and test tubes filled with fluorescent dyes.
