Ghost, if you saw the original, you know the great story about ghosts, this is perfection in the film. This is an obsessive story about 4 people who enter a haunted house, and with a simple trick with sound and movement, they startled people. This still remains valid to this day, if you value the film. Therefore, when The Haunting was remade in 1999, many people had the same reaction: “WHAT? WHY? WHAT? ”But in my opinion, if the remake is respectful enough and just wants to rethink the story for the new generation, I'm pretty cool with that. This is definitely not the case, it's just a disrespectful boring shame that will waste your time, and I guarantee, will not deliver any panic? Pff! PG-13, what are they thinking about? Obviously not so much. <br /> <br /> When her mother dies and her sister evicts her, Nell receives a phone call telling her about the announcement of an insomnia study conducted by Dr. David Marrow at the secluded Hill House estate. Upon arrival, Nell meets Mr. and Mrs. Dudley, a strange pair of caretakers who do not remain in the property after dark. Shortly thereafter, two other study participants arrive, the wild Theo and the “bad sleeper” Luke Sanderson along with Dr. Marrow. Unknown to the participants, Dr. Marrow’s true goal is to examine the psychological response to fear. Every night, guards catch the gate outside Hill’s house, not allowing anyone to enter or exit until the morning when the guards open the lock. Hill House has no working phones, and the nearest town is a few miles away. Dr. Marrow is enjoying the story of Hill House. The house was built by Hugh Crane, Crane built a house for his wife, hoping to fill it with a large family full of children, but all Crane’s children died at birth. Crane's wife committed suicide before the house was finished, and Crane became a hermit. The first night, Theo and Nell begin to experience strange phenomena in the house, including strange sounds and unexplained changes in temperature. Nell encounters after the main corridor is subjected to vandalism with the words "Welcome home, Eleanor", and becomes extremely distraught, intending to prove that the souls of those who fell victim to Crane’s cruelty follow the house. She learns that Crane created his fortune by exploiting abducted children for slave labor and killing them when he was no longer needed. Then he burned the bodies in the fireplace of the house to hide any evidence. She also learns that Crane had a second wife, Caroline, from whom Nell was descended. Everyone thinks she is crazy, and Nell is convinced that this is where she should be. <br /> <br /> Seriously, I suggest you stay away from this film, it is really stupid and meaningless. Not to mention the actress that Nell played, Lily Taylor completely angered me, her performance, her appearance, just everything in her, don't make me start what I would like to do to not see her in the film anymore. Catherine Zeta-Jones simply did not fit into her role, and Liam Neeson, a wonderful actor, again spent his talent. The effects are excessive and too computerized, I just can not believe that they would spoil the wonderful classics with this rough. Believe me, if you're going to be afraid of something, afraid to see how you can turn the great ghost story into an annoying piece of bloated nonsense ?? Oh, this film is already hurting me, I just don’t see it, this is bad. <br /> <br /> 1/10
