For everyone who has seen and fallen in love with the stage musical “CHORUS LINE”, this film is a bad substitute. Not only songs are added, but also unnecessary plot twists, choreography of new dance episodes, and let's face it, Richard Attenborough simply does not know how to shoot dancers. <br /> <br /> On stage, Michael Bennett A CHORUS LINE was just that: Michael Bennett. His idea, his choreography, his direction, his gift to Broadway and the rest of the world. It was two hours of tough, realistic realism that really made you feel these “boys” and “girls.” The film, however, lacks sympathy and depth: the actors look as if they are auditioning for A CHORUS LINE, and not really. Every step, every line of dialogue seems so measured and planned; Especially Michael Douglas, since Zack controls us too much so that we can believe that he is this extremely crazy choreographer. Even when he goes into hysterics, you never believe him, because every gesture, every accentuated word, every nuance is so clearly rehearsed. As for him not to dance: Kevin Kline auditioned for the role of Zack on Broadway. Michael Bennett loved his reading, but Kline could not dance and eventually lost the role. I wish they would do the same for Douglas! “CHORUS LINE” is supposed to be a show about nothingness, and apart from a few recognizable faces (Vicky Frederick, who played Cassie on Broadway as Sheila and Handy Alexander from NewsRadio on television, as one of many auditions), None of these people should KNOW. Because you really know these people. Having a star in any role is a terrible decision: when you focus on Michael Douglas and his ranting, and not on girls and boys and their stories, you lose something. <br /> <br /> This is Unfortunately, the best sequence in the show (Editing: Hello Twelve, Hello Thirteen, Hello Love) is cut short to make room for a terrible new song called “Surprise, Surprise”, which unexpectedly received a nomination on the oscar. Cassie's "mirror dance" has a new song and a tragically boring choreography - one wonders why they bother to make a film version at all if they mess around with the working formula so much. <br /> <br /> For fans of musical theater and those who liked the stage version, this film is a sad mockery of everything that they cherished and loved. For those who have never seen the original production, either on Broadway or on tour, this film is the only guide they have to go through. And they will have to wonder how he became the longest-running musical in the history of Broadway - until a small show called CATS caught up with him in the late 1990s. But that's another story, and don't even get me there.
