I am not a stage purist. One could make a film from this play, and he would almost certainly demand a change ... com, com, ok. But the modest intentions of this material are lost or misunderstood by the creators of the film, who are in full “small blockbuster” mode. It’s hard to imagine a worse director. Perhaps only Josh Logan and Jack Warner could destroy it just as Attenborough did. <br /> <br /> On the stage, the Chorus Line was the triumph of a master class as a production method. The dancers responding to the casting turned out to be idle, removing the crap about their career growth experience (very 70s!). Then Bennett and Hamlish took some time, gave them the song and presented them as themselves. ... amazing! Incredibly modern. The “history” of the ACL (in turn) is to respond to the casting of a play, about which we never have a full view, because the game does not matter. It was meta, before the idea was invented, 25 years before Adaptation originated with a similar idea. ACL was also another trend in the field of reductivism, which is still alive, and which is the hallmark of modern creativity: this technique itself is irresistible ... that there is more drama in the life of an ordinary person than you could ever synthesize with invented characters. What an elegant idea. In the stage play there was one play zone (empty stage) and three different ways to change the background to ease visual boredom so as not to distract the audience. The space recedes, and the stories of the actors are covered. It worked just fine. It was the main thing. All these ideas are trampled or deceived. As for the setting, there was not one, and no costumes, until the dancers went out for their last bows, in which the exciting “One” was finally powerfully performed in fully (golden) cylinders and tails, we learn with movements, we watched them in practical classes. The remaining anxiety of the play is released - and the audience goes crazy. <br /> <br /> After Gramp copes with this, he looks like a strangled, strangled bird. He clearly has in mind the earlier, respected All the Jazz (and Foss Dancin 'stage play) when he makes his choice. Hamlish’s account was sharp and interesting for his time, but time was not kind to him. It's just as stupid as jazz hands. And that is before Attenborough ever touches it. He is remarkable in finding what was good and correcting it. <br /> <br /> A simple question could help Attenborough during the filming of this film: “Can I even carry a few minutes with such people?” The main problem for any adaptation of the play is how the 4th wall of the theater (the key because of her absence in the theater) will be decided in the format of the film. There has never been a more "frontal" play. The answer they came up with was: “Excuse me ... what was the question?” The cast was increased from a manageable number of unique stories to a crowd stifling each other and the audience, and mixing them deciding themselves together. I have already passed the threshold of irritation when this annoying little grumbler swings around the stage on a rope, fooling around in front of the (missing) audience. The performance made you understand theatrical people. This movie just makes you strangle them. <br /> <br /> Perhaps Broadway annoys the trend of characters going straight to the center of the stage and singing their stories to the audience (Les Miz, Miss Saigon) instead of contacting other characters. But the worst revival of the play will make you feel more alive than this film. <br /> <br /> Chorus Line is pure choke.
