On Broadway, the Line Choir was pure magic. From the moment when the show opened with an impressive rush of energy to a truly grand finale, the joyful challenge of all the choir members we loved during the show, we were fully engaged - fascinated by personal stories. Some funny, some clever, some exciting, from this line the choir. Cinema is another thing. The focus is now on the director - and WHAT OGR! Every time the film switches to Michael Douglas, there he has a bitter, sour expression, shouts out questions and orders, shouts and screams whenever he gets a chance. Clap !! It changes the dynamics of the story. On Broadway, the director was indeed an imperious presence behind the scenes, but he was also a kind of theatrical device that allowed us to tell the stories of these amazing strong / fragile / intriguing / cheerful choir members with insight and clarity. There is a reason why this work won the Pulitzer Prize! And in fact, in one of the few moments when the director appears, he comforts a young Puerto Rican dancer after we hear the heartbreaking story of this dancer. He reappears to express his sincere affection / concern for Cassie. But in the film, the director of the second Douglas begins to bark bitterly, the stories of the participants in the choir line become secondary. It is as if they are in a lousy profession, where the exhausted director, instead of showing the joy of creating a new exciting theatrical show, is exhausted, exhausted, enraged by the need to listen to these choir members. There was ALWAYS an excitement on the stage. Here, in the film, almost with words go, it's a pity for all the participants. During the musical, we desperately wished each of these choir members good luck, and how happy we would be if they all got this job! But, of course, this could not be. But in the final, when they all returned in magnificent costumes with these amazing rotating mirrors on stage, sometimes reflecting us in the audience, in our hearts, and we know, also in the hearts of all those choir members who accepted and rejected, they were on stage forever, dancing according to the profession they loved so much, bringing magic to the theater. In the film, after all the inappropriate plot lines and emphasis, this magic is completely dissolved. All we feel (even with the same curtain) is that some of the participants got a job with a mean director. So they all appear on the screen and dance again. Big deal
