For those who have never seen A CHORUS LINE on stage, and their only plot was this film, this film is good as musicals, nothing special, just OK. I saw a show on Broadway 4 times and even auditioned once at the tour company of this show, and for a man who largely remembered the original production, the 1985 film version is so terrible on so many levels that I don’t even know where to start. First of all, for those who have never auditioned in a theatrical production, let me assure you that IRL when you listen to the play, the director, producer and choreographer never ask personal questions and don't give a shit about why you wanted to become a performer . A real theatrical audition, be it a play or a musical, rarely takes more than five minutes. If you audition as a dancer, you are shown a dance combination of 64 bars, you do it, and then they immediately decide whether or not to enter. Michael Bennett’s original concept of the show was to liven up the life of the dancers and present to the uninitiated a passion for performance and why so much is being sacrificed for so little. The game is about these dancers. First of all, director Richard Attenborough distracted attention from the dancers, reinforcing the Cassie / Zach relationship and appointing Michael Douglas Zach. In the play, you NEVER see Zack ... he is just a voice behind the theater, and his relationship with Cassie is almost unaffected. Cassie, shown in a taxi in a traffic jam, trying to get to the audition, and at the top of the conversation with Larry (a character who is not even in the play) were all added for the film and were so distracted from the plot. Major musical numbers have been reduced or rethought. The first number in the play “I hope I get it” shows that all the dancers do jazz and ballet combination, and then people disappear. In the film, they put together three hundred dancers on stage and show them close-ups to disguise the fact that they shot people who can't dance (you can say “Audrey Landers”) in the film. “Goodbye 12, Goodbye 13, Hello Love”, a brilliant vocal study of the jaundiced childhood memories of these dancers was redone as “Surprise, Surprise”, mainly for the late Gregg Burge as Richie. The most famous song of the series “What I did for love,” which was a touching allegory in the show, sung by the whole actor about what they were dancing to quit, becomes just another standard love song in the film that was tired of playing Allison Reed Cassie. Jeffrey Hornadei’s choreography for the film is boring and inconceivable and does not hold a candle in front of Michael Bennett’s original production, and when you make a film about dancers, the choreography should be special. There are a couple of good dancers in the film, the previously mentioned Gregg Burge as Richie, Michelle Johnston as Bebe and Janet Jones as Judy, but they are unlikely to be able to show what they can do, but Audrey Landers, who can barely walk and chew the cud at the same time, he is assigned one of the best numbers of the show "Dance 10, Views 3". I admit that the final of "One" is dazzling, but you have to wait almost two hours. I would say that if you have never seen A CHORUS LINE on stage, this film is probably worth seeing, but if you are a supporter of the original Broadway musical ... be afraid ... be very afraid.
