*** THIS POST CONTAINS A SPOILER (S) *** <br /> <br /> I am not a big fan of Chuck Norris as an actor, but I worship him in all other respects. He also has his own fan site with Chuck Norris Facts, which is really interesting. But this film looks like someone was joking with the audience, putting all these “facts” in one film. I really do not remember when I wasted my time more than with this “action”. I don’t know what the worst can offer you this film: a non-original and a thousand-fold conspiracy by terrorists who are trying to strike a nuclear attack on the USA by smuggling nuclear weapons into the territory of the USA or perhaps the “great” dialogues and words of Chax about life and everything else. Someone may find the worst that terrorists really speak English in everyday life. This is an endless list of crap. Not to mention the huge amount of archival materials used in the film, it is a bit annoying. The main terrorist sends a message to his comrades through the media, when he was seized, and the only guy smart enough to see it, Chuck Norris, of course. No one else in America is smart enough to see it! And all the actions to capture the chef are ridiculous. One person is sent for a walk through an entire terrorist camp without a weapon (I lie, he had a KNIFE), he escapes from his pursuers with the help of a JET PACK, and then parachutes by a few hundred, maybe even a thousand kilometers to the nearest shore (border Afghanistan is 450 km away from the nearest coast), where it is saved by a submarine. I was hoping that at least the battle scenes would be good, but this is even more fun than the plot. If you didn't know, 85% of terrorists are masters of some kind of martial art, but Chuck and KO. Not only do they kill them easily, they can kick and throw them away in one motion, and the bad guys fly a few meters like dolls. You can ask me if I watched this movie to the end? I did. What for? Because I just wanted to see which of these two superheroes would neutralize a nuclear bomb of several hundred megatons and the size of a MICROWAVE. And then I realized what a fool I am. Of course, this is Chuck's movie after all. And he not only neutralizes Nuk alone with tweezers, but he does it - TWICE! I could write a book about all the silly things in this film, but I would have spent my whole life sleeping. <br /> <br /> The creators of this film made another fact of Chuck Norris, which will be added to his website: Can Chuck Norris defuse a nuclear bomb? Yes, and he can do it twice!
