During the filming of the horror film of the 80s called Hot Blood, the director was brutally murdered, and the lead lady gets scars, as she survives the attack and manages to kill the murderer. After all this, production stops, and spare drums are left to collect dust. Thus, a group of filmmakers decides to determine where the film stopped, although people warned them to stay away from the film, since the last person who was interested in the film was dead in the movie while watching the film. From this, it is labeled as damned production. Without taking these warnings seriously, the film crew continues to produce, and they force the original film star to return from Hollywood to repeat its role, not as a daughter, but as a mother. But murders begin to happen again when the cast and crew were killed by an unknown figure dressed as the killer of the film. <br /> <br /> See how the Scream began! Hey, I like these movies, but basically everything else that followed is an annoying and meaningless excuse. At this stage, the subgenre returned with revenge, but it was not very good, since they were mostly unsuccessful and unoriginal attempts when they followed the derived model of the Scream franchise. Cut, an independent Australian view of the textbook slash genre, is pure shitty rubbish that lacks almost everything, and he shamelessly throws off any other slasher punch. But you know that I found this cheesy delight. Yes, it's damn awful and very easily forgotten, but it's a bit of good cheap entertainment as it goes on. Although I hated it when I first ran into it, but the second time I knew what I was getting into, and it worked better for him. It was like I was making myself a delicious cheesecake again, but this time it was not so sweet. <br /> <br /> The film was released at the same time as Scream 3 and Urban Legends: Final Cut did all three follow the same pattern of use of the film in the film. Scream 3 is obviously the strongest of the three, but I would actually watch this garbage over Urban Legends: The Final Cut. However, it was more of a return to the slashers of the 80s than to one of the bastard scream Crick. To a large extent, the film is given a treatment of class B, and this is manifested in scripts and performances. The dialogue is really inconceivable and hardly causes any surprises and expectations. While performances are just mockery, and Molly Ringwald takes the crown for that. She plays a cleaning actress, returning to finish the damn movie, and I had a lot of fun with her funny funny performance. She provides a bite here and nails him well. The rest were mostly recognizable Australian TV stars (if you're Australian) with the amazing Jessica Napier heading the cast with actors like Stephen Curry and Frank Roberts. Also, the pop singer (and the alleged actress) Kylie Minogue makes a cameo in the opening to be hacked! Nice. These adolescents basically followed the formula of excited and stupid children who have nothing to do but to be killed. Sometimes it seems that they are just waiting in the queue, because they have no real substance to be there. <br /> <br /> The plot begins quite interestingly, then enters a mysterious phase where a red herring pops up, but then makes a sudden reversal, where it becomes a bit of a satire in the horror genre. It's just that it's rather changeable, and when it comes to explaining all this madness, how would I leave thinking? Oh my. This is when he tries to spin back on himself in a smart way, but unfortunately, he falls along the way. But don't you like the opening final? In addition, it presents some references to pop culture and a self-referential, mocking approach. Predictability manifests itself quite early, and sometimes jokes can be overestimated, but he knows that he does not make much fun of himself. The atmosphere loses its sharpness because of the humor that takes away the gloom, but still there is a neat old mansion where they take off, there are some neat touches that add “some” eerie. The film scene is also well done. <br /> <br /> Now we know that we need blood and nudity when watching this film, but, unfortunately, there is no nudity, and the blood is pretty standard, if not enough, but it is more than worthy of such a low-budget film. There are one or two creative deaths, but the rest are systematic. The killer wasn't bad, but when he said that, it hurt, I thought, well, I didn’t like the clever position. Other staging notes that were terrible ranged from edited editing, an inappropriate soundtrack to Kimble Rendall's direction, which lacked performance and was rather careless, but these contributing factors combine to add some obvious entertainment to all this bad. <br /> <br /> Imagination fits the budget, that's for sure, but, damn it, this lousy slasher did not try to be someone else. Clean slok, it's a little funny!
