I have to admit that I laughed several times during this trivial festive film of 2004, but he is already leaving my short-term memory. In a career that is rapidly moving toward the darkness of the tabloid, Ben Affleck, a once-promising comic character actor who got entangled in a Hollywood advertising machine, to recreate himself as a romantic leader. Judging by this film, the transformation does not seem to occur, as it still lacks seriousness that would make it trustworthy in such places. While his buddy Matt Damon plays smart roles in films such as Siriana, Affleck appears in this type of commercial film. At the very least, the superficial nature of the successful, but lonely advertising manager Drew Latham fits Affleck better than most of the other roles he has tried. Directed by Mike Mitchell (whose 1999 most famous film Bigelow's Two: Man) "Gigolo" and a script created by at least four scriptwriters (always a bad sign), a contrived story revolves around his character's need to "rent" a family living in a house his childhood, to bring to life his fantasy about the old-fashionedness of Christmas, he never had. This concept is actually intriguing, because there is something that can be said about the cathartic release of sentimentality, which we all must feel in the conditions of frenzied commercialization during the holidays. However, the real problem is that the film looks like an extended sketch, devoid of any logic or genuine emotional resonance. It seems, Affleck on overload is desperately trying to be attractive, but in the end it turns out a tedious turn of the actor who has an increasingly annoying habit of playing stupid people in ill-conceived films. Fortunately, he has such as James Gandofini and Catherine O'Hara playing in Valkos, a couple that decides to accept Drew's money offer, pretending to be his parents. <br /> <br /> Gandolfini plays Tom rude, not the furious relative of Tony Soprano, but he does everything he can in this role. From her classic SCTV Days to modeled Christopher Guest, O'Hara is always a comic gem, regardless of the vehicle, and it comes as no surprise that she earns the best laugh as Tom Cristina’s wife, whether she’s a one-line dry filing or posing in an inch of makeup. for the dominatrix photo shoot. In what becomes her standard role on screen, Christina Applegate plays their incredulous daughter Alicia, who, of course, becomes Drew's love interest. Despite some good moments when she enjoys Sister Drew's playing the hype in front of his girlfriend's family, her character seems to change in lightning strikes, making it difficult to see what Drew sees in her. The story gets out of control of the last third, with one contrived situation piled on top of another, until the threads of the plot are connected in a short time. It is rumored that most of the film was improvised, as there was no complete shooting script. It shows, but I also have to admit that I’m stuck with it until the very end.
