I have a feeling that those who participated in the creation of "Surviving Christmas" did not think much about the film. The characters are so inconsistent, and the plot makes so little sense that the film is played as a sketch of a script made up of a small but unified view that the rich guy pays the family to allow him to spend Christmas with them. Ben Affleck portrays Drew Latham, a typical Hollywood image of a rich, selfish advertising manager who buys his way in life. His girlfriend, Missy, leaves him shortly before Christmas, because she dislikes that Drew wanted to take her to Fiji for Christmas, which she calls a “family holiday,” and the fact that Drew never presented her to her family. Later we learn that Drew's father left when he was 4 years old, and his mother died, so it remains a mystery why he simply does not say that he has no family, and does not allow his girlfriend to believe that he does not do this. take care of your family. <br /> <br /> Out of fear of being alone at Christmas, Drew tracks Missy's psychiatry (why? I have no idea) who invites him to perform a ritual of forgiveness at his childhood home. When he meets a family living in his childhood home, Valcos, Drew offers them $ 250,000 to pretend to be his family so that he can relive his tender childhood memories. He gets angry when he later finds out that they have an adult daughter, Alicia (Christina Applegate), because he has “no sister”, and even goes so far as to write a script for the family to follow them, so that they act more like his "real" family. None of this makes any sense, as soon as Drew shows that he grew up without a family except his mother. <br /> <br /> The character of Alicia is also inexplicable, who is unhappy that her family accepted Drew's money and refuses to play along with his fantasy. But for no reason at all, she suddenly begins to like Drew, and in a few minutes he moves from hatred to his courage and behaves like his girlfriend. Throughout the film, Drew is so full of filth that even his sad story of the lonely Christmas of his childhood does not cause sympathy; I almost wish he had finished with the words: “Just kidding! The real reason I don’t see my family is that they all have prohibitive orders against me! ”(2/10)
