Comedy Central has a habit of putting on great programs: The Chapelle Show, The Daily Show, The Colbert Report, and then there are some that some people like or hate - Stella, Dr. Katz. Then there are some shows that have their own defenders, but they are just awful - Mencia, and now Sarah Silverman. <br /> <br /> This show is based on the fact that Silverman is egocentric, which can be funny (Colbert Report) but can be terrible (Mind of Mencia). No one should be shocked that I think the latter is so. This show is a parody of comedy and society, such an absurd program that it loses its absurdity and is simply not funny. Farting a woman has been done in a comedy many times, because it is not something that is commonplace. We do not need 25 minutes. When the offender is disarmed by the quif, he just loses his appeal - we saw it in Jay and Silent Bob, striking back, except that the women were hotter and the whole scene was more absurd, making it better. But the best comparison of this show is with Stella, except that Stella was more subtle, which made the absurd comedy funny. It was better to act in it, and I suppose it was rather a fantastic realistic look. <br /> <br /> Maybe some of the reviews are so negative (I’m very skeptical of criticism, but I don’t dispute the reaction of the fans). ) this show includes the amount of advertising on it, a very unpleasant advertising in many programs far exceeds that of other programs. Many people wonder why Sarah Silverman has a career, while others are still bitter when the best shows were canceled. This show should not have passed the pilot stage. Back to Norma showed a lot more promise, yet this show makes it further. And since the critics were right, many things were widely criticized everywhere, and their status increased significantly. The last time I checked, Britney Spears gets good reviews too. Take this comparison as you wish, because someone will surely accuse me of being a psychopath on IMDb for not liking this show.
