I think this film was somewhat overrated here. There are some things you can admire; on the one hand, he deserves praise for being a science fiction film that relies on its own history, rather than on special effects and action sequences, to carry the day. The cast is good, the set design and cinematography are good, and the ideas are interesting enough (although they start to seem a bit tired after many mediocre Dark City / Memento / Fight Club clones of recent years). But the film is canceled by bad performance, wooden performances by leading actors and a ridiculously bad ending. <br /> <br /> The main problem I faced was that the main character was neither cute nor unpleasant. I understand that part of the story dictates that he should be a little (wait for this ...) in cipher, but I was completely unable to show sympathy for a character who only seemed to be a boring, anonymous club person. That the transformation of character is for this sad bag is artificially imposed on him by the plot. Lead actor Jeremy Northham succeeds in conveying that the protagonist is embarrassed and unhappy, but is not able to inspire him any sympathy. On the contrary, Lucy Liu does what she can with a character who does not have a personal identity of her own, unless she is the epitome of a spy movie cliché considered to be a personality. <br /> <br /> One of the biggest disappointments of this film is the end. I will not give here any spoilers, but I will say that the unexpected turn at the end was pretty clearly wired at least 45 minutes before it happened. In addition, after looking like a bizarre, idea-oriented film during the first hour, the last few scenes suddenly and horribly turn into the worst type of Hollywood film, full of big explosions and special effects. The disclosure of the movie "McGuffin" in the end is done poorly, and in the end the characters seem even less likable than before some of the main plot plot of the film was solved. <br /> <br /> The film is not so bad though. He manages to maintain a certain low level of tension for the most part, despite the slow pace (although I think I have a higher average tolerance for slow movies). And there are times when the insecure paranoid feeling that the director Vincenzo Natalie is clearly trying to arouse rises to the surface. But in the end, these elements are not enough to overcome the flaws in the game and the script of the film. There is probably a good film that covers the same themes and ideas, but it’s not.
