Let me start by saying that I usually like the direction of Renny Harlin, for the most part, and that the filmmaker should be given credit for some shots. Unlike Harlin "Elm Street 4" and "Die Hard 2", which I really liked, something is missing in this film. This, my friends, is the script. The dialogue in such films is always terrible, but in this case, the gold medal for stupidity. There are so many horrible lines in this movie that I don’t even want to remember any of them. Not only that, but the execution of the lines is pathetic and seems to be more suited to a bad porn movie than an action adventure. As if Harlin thought that if they slowed down the words they said, they could improve the script. Again wrong. <br /> <br /> The sad part is that there are some talented actors thrown into bad roles with a worse dialogue. Stallone was never my favorite, but when he plays in circles around Lithgow, Turner and the worst of the Ruker handful, there is something wrong with this picture. Lithgow played one of the best villains in Ricochet, but at the same time he looks like someone who cannot act to save his life here. How is this possible? I have always been a big fan of his, and he received a degree in acting skills from Stallone, who himself still called in his performance. Part Turner is so small and meaningless, but she still manages to appear lost on the screen. Michael Rucker CAN act. I know this because I witnessed this in Days of the Thunder, but he seems to be reading his lines from hint cards. Has it come to this? When Rucker and Lithgow have scenes where they talk, I just wanted the film to end right here, or that both of them would surprisingly gain their acting skills. Unfortunately, none of this happened. <br /> <br /> That brings me back to Harlin, who may be the only one who is really to blame for this mess, except the writers. He is guilty of the fact that I was never involved in this film because he had to make people act. The script is not very good, but still the actors destroy this film, and it depends on the director. I don't care how much you paid for the special effects, which are mostly good, you still can't just donate a horrible movie. <br /> <br /> Also, it seems that the tempo of this film is disabled. The initial sequence was good, and the scene of the plane was very well done, but how you should take care of the result of the robbery in general. I mean, I understand that they tried to create tension with all the bells and whistles on the airplane scene, but I really didn’t care if they got money or not in this scene. If the bad guy won early, maybe I wouldn't have to watch one of the worst films ever!
