After three years ago I watched the movie “Managed” on a plane to America, I sincerely believed that I had seen the worst movie ever made, and I could calmly relax, knowing that I would never again have to suffer so much before screen. Unfortunately, as I learned last night, this was not the case. The revolver is so horribly bad that I actually think about recommending my friends to go and see it, I just don't feel like I'm the only one who is stupid enough to be deceived to watch it. It is really amazing how much this film is completely confronted with a constant, and I mean CONSTANT sounding the main characters, with absolutely meaningless pretentious nonsense! I was really angry at the movie, listening to Andre Benjamin’s completely ruthless rumble for what seemed like half of the movie, while I kept thinking about what the Turkish would have done with this complete joke about the gangster / con man, whoever he was did he make his "offer"? I'll tell you what. He would have told him to leave, tear off his head and watch with complete contempt how his equally inept partner leaves as quickly as his plump little legs will carry him. I mean, as we should believe, passes through Jake's head when they offer him a “solution” to his problem? They are fraudsters, so they obviously must also have the skills to treat incurable blood diseases! I mean fs. Doesn't he start to wonder why his symptoms do not get worse? Does not the penny lose what happens on the third day instead of Richie exposing the audience to a painful patronizing phone call from Avi to Jake to inform him that he was deceived. <br /> <br /> In any case, I can add a small positive note to the film by going to dry humor, if it provides, fortunately, the same standard as in his previous films. bulls ** t! There is nothing cleverer in this film than to redeem yourself through some well thought out funny lines, oh no. Somehow it was so horribly unfunny that I sincerely didn’t hear so much like fussing in a fully-packed movie theater? and anyone who knows UGC in Sheffield knows how complete the main screen can be, not just 1 person, but just smiled. Maybe he never wanted the film to be funny, and, honestly, you can still make good gangster movies without a comedy, but what was he going to hang this film for, may I ask? Excessively incomprehensible plot! I sincerely hope not! <br /> <br /> The most pleasant moment I experienced last night is a very loud sigh coming from ALL directions of the audience, when everyone was desperately praying for the film to end. It was also quite funny to see how quickly the cartridges fought and rushed to the exits after they realized that everything was over and they were free from their torment! <br /> <br /> I will close this (I have to finish, writing this makes me angry again), specifying the "end". I mean sh ** t! The ending ?? .. no, sorry, I can not, you just have to go and see. It cannot be expressed in words, it is simply not possible, and, having seen it, you will understand why. Uhhhhh ?? shudders ??
