The movie "52 Pick Up" just does not work. See if you are interested in Elmore Leonard or John Frankenheimer or someone else in a terrific composition, especially John Glover, who is admittedly brilliant. But the book - a slow, noir-thriller with a lot of pulp - should be translated into an Oscar-winning film instead of rags, which could not understand whether it should truthfully portray the hard-boiled, tough history of crime in the book, or choose Schwarzenegger in the 1980s jester -shooting. Moving the scene from the original locale in the Detroit book (an area where Leonard lived for many years and knows very well) to Los Angeles creates a serious problem that Leonard is trying to fix in his script, but ultimately cannot. For example, it was a smart device that made Mitchell’s wife a member of the City Council (she didn’t have a job in a book), if you think about it: this is the only way you could ever truly blackmail someone in a sex-obsessed city like the 1980s Los Angeles. Angeles for adultery or any possible sex scandal. Even then, it’s more believable to a more conservative eastern state, like Michigan, to believe that a) his tiny porn industry is sloppy, harder hell, where three losers could desperately create a not-so-stupid upper middle-class uppercase student in a middle-aged crisis, and b) one adultery can be something with which you can blackmail someone if his successful career and old-fashioned wives fail to withstand the shocks. As a consultant, Ron Jeremy will show you, the 1980s Los Angeles was colorful, stylish porn of Mecca, more like a Boogie Night movie than Leonard's dark, ghostly world of hijacked tourist buses, dank apartments and drug deals in depressed urban misery. On the other hand, Los Angeles could become the background of such a story, if someone more carefully built the scenery - there are still many dark eccentrics and psychopaths. Unfortunately, Harry Mitchell Roy Scheider starred in the film as sexy, beautiful Uebermensch, dancing through his problems without even practicing. In the book, he fought off the jerk of a trade union official, struggling with an unsuccessful business. He also had a skeleton in the closet during the war with friendly fire, for which he was responsible, but he never seemed to come across. The stories of Elmore Leonard usually have a central image associated with bizarre politeness between the criminal and the law-abiding citizen. Here, Harry Mitchell, sitting in his office with his blackmailer Alan Raymi, passing on his financial books and negotiating a more practical buyout, creates such a central image. The blackmailer Glover plays on the stage with convincing intelligence, but Shader portrays the victim here as a daring “good guy” who is in charge of the situation, as if he were more a Rambo with an M-16 than with a man barely keeping afloat when his world collapses Around him. 52 Pick Up ends with one of the worst conclusions ever, given all the thoughts that went into the original story, and then into the movie. Capturing Raimi inside Mitchell's Jaguar and blowing him up with the music of a marching orchestra, as well as Mitchell's sadistic monologue, he plays for an audience wanting “sweet revenge” to end Chuck Norris’s movie, rather than the balanced intellectual world from Leonard’s book, where Mitchell is hardly can be avoided, and the conflict between good and evil can easily go in any direction. I left the theater, shook my head and became depressed. What a waste of talent.
