"The Sopranos" by David Chase is perhaps the most popular TV show lately. Not only is the series devoid of intellect and passion, it is devoid of soul. Anyone who reads probably already knows that James Gandolfini * IS * Tony Soprano, a big, fat hole of a mafia boss with a spoiled wife and two stupid, damned brain kids living in - you know - America’s armpit (by the way, this is New Jersey) . Tony is not only an adulteress, but also an unrepentant killer scum with a team of caricatures worthy of a parody of "Saturday Night Live". It is not a fact that Tony is a gangster who insults me (and, apparently, only me). Allowing characters to be who and what they are, without judgment, is something that American television hardly allows. But Chase - and his entourage of inveterate authors, the Emmy writers - didn’t just allow us to watch Tony and his team, how they behave, and they didn’t even try to give any idea of ​​the reality of the action / reaction (even obviously invented) organized crime ( a la "The Godfather"). Instead, Chase glorifies and approves of the greedy, brutal and spoiled lifestyle of his characters just as Tony, his wife, and even his hairy-headed psychologist do week after week (or should I say month after month. Or is it year? After It seems that the miserable 13-episode seasons of the series come out with the same regularity as the lunar eclipse). Much has been made of the failure of the series to adhere to the "network" structure, with storylines that do not go anywhere, and characters that pop up and disappear, like parasites in the backyard. But if the show is so brilliant due to the lack of structure, why does it always seem to me that I watch the show? Tired clichés of the crowd, bored housewives, self-serving, irreparable characters And stories that are not going anywhere. More than ever, I understand why there are so many Italian Americans on this show. This is enough to make you want to curl up with a good book (Danté "Inferno" comes to mind). <br /> <br /> People on IMDb like to say that there is nothing good on television, and therefore the Clan Soprano is a breath of fresh air. Are these people too busy paying their cable bills to watch Shield? (This is included in Basic, I know). How about (still good) "West Wing"? Or did he act brilliantly (if mistakenly written) "Boston Legal"? What about, perhaps, the best comedy of the past few decades, Arrested Development? And so that we do not forget that we live in the DVD era - no one should * watch * anything * new. I would prefer to fork over $ 40 for a packaged in a box at an inflated price, well, in general, * anything *, than giving HBO $ 10 a month (or $ 80 for a DVD!) To continue to prove how much hacked factories it may be. <br /> <br /> Do you want a good TV? Watch "Murder: life on the street." Or "Killing one." Or "Picket Fences". Or even Chase’s previous show Northern Impact. If you are already in the legion of fans and critics of The Sopranos, it is already too late for you. But if not, leave Tony and his useless family where they all live - rot with the fish. ("Sleeping" would be too kind)
