Seriously, I can easily transfer a lot of blood, blood and repulsion on the screen, but what really makes this film anxious and inconvenient to watch is how the character of the doctor continues to wander about the physical damage caused to raped women. He, John Cassavetis from “Baby Rosemary,” talks about a torn uterus, dry sexual contact and huge masses of reddish (?) Sperms, as if they are the most common small ailments in the medical world. However, Incubus is ultimately a strange horror effort. Isn't that terrible? although it is not very good ?? but just weird. The confusing and inconsistent scenario initially revolves around the hunt for a rapist of flesh and blood (although the name clearly implies the participation of a supernatural being), and it seems that he never stops introducing new characters. None of these characters, especially the main ones, look sympathetic, and for some inexplicable reason they all seem to have grim secrets. The aforementioned doctor has a strange interpretation of love for his daughter and constantly behaves as if he himself is a suspect, the city sheriff (John Ireland) seems to be in a state of constant drunkenness and does not even care about who continues to rape and kill women in his district , the female reporter is even too weird for words, and Galena (the old witch and her grandson) are simply creepy. Together, they are desperately trying to unravel the mystery of who or what exactly is destroying urban women, reproductive organs. The strings that accumulate against rape and murder are superbly atmospheric, and vile actions themselves are bloody and disturbing. In fact, these are very positive factors in a horror movie, but the narrative structure is too disconnected, and the characters are too sympathetic for Incubus to be a really good movie. In addition, there are quite a few tedious moments that need to be dealt with (for example, footage from Bruce Dickinson’s concert!), And usually John Hou’s very reliable leadership is almost invisible. However, the last shot is really nightmare. For me personally, Incubus was a bit of a disappointment, but there are several more reasons to recommend this strange piece of horror of the early 80s to the open-mind fanatics of the genre.
