Young couple Mandy Pullman (Mitch Martin) and Roy Sealy (Matt Birman) are relaxing on the beach in the small town of Galen. They decide to start joking with each other. Mandy is hiding in an old broken cabin, she is attacked and raped by an unknown criminal. Roy tries to help her by hearing her screams, but they kill him. Dr. Sam Cordell (John Cassavetes) and his daughter Jenny (Erin Flannery) are newcomers to Galen after the death of Sam's wife. Sam is called into service by police chief Hank Walden (John Ireland) when Mandy and Roy are found. He performs Roy's autopsy and treats Mandy for her terrible injuries. Shortly after the curator at the local museum named after Carolyn Davis (Denise Furgusson) was also attacked and raped. A local journalist named Laura Kincaid (Kerry Keane) reports on the events and suggests to Sam that a similar chain of rapes and murders occurred in the city 30 years earlier. New rape and murder occur. Meanwhile, boyfriend Jenny Tim Galen (Duncan McIntosh) had weird dreams and nightmares, and he is convinced that he is somehow connected with terrible acts. Tim's story and digging in past cities makes Sam see the existence of a creature known as Incubus — a form-changing demonic creature that exists only for reproduction! Directed by John Howe - one of the most boring horror films. The George Franklin script, based on Ray Russell’s novel, is slow, to say the least. Nothing interesting or exciting happens, and it ends with one of the most boring events that have ever ended with twists, and, unfortunately, it just ends suddenly. As the story unfolds at the tempo of the snails, several rapes occur, but none of them are displayed on the screen. There is only one bloody scene in the whole movie. The monster itself is shown only at the very end and has all three short scenes. Everything in this film is very static and flat, the film has no energy or pace. The game is boring, and you do not feel anyone and do not care. Look at the scene in the opening room, where you can see a microphone with a barrage at the top of the screen several times. A type of horror movie that you forget during the day. A real waste of time, do not worry.
