Stephen King, as a rule, is known for pathology, and this is normal, but this story is too painful. In some films, by the end you feel sad about the characters or the situations they went through ... here you just feel depressed. The film is very pleasant (at first), the family moves to the dacha, and the creepy old Fred Gwin welcomes and warns them about a pet graveyard, but this plot leads nowhere. It starts with a lot of potential, but by the end it loses the potential to become a good horror movie and becomes commonplace, extremely stupid and ultimately depressing. <br /> <br /> Louis (Dale Midkoff), his wife Rachel (Denise Crosby), their children Ellie and Gage and their cat are moving to a new home in Maine. Their neighbor warns stupid farmer Jude (Fred Gwyn) about the local pet graveyard and how it is cursed. Louis thinks nothing about it, and everything is fine until the family cat is killed. He buries him in a damned cemetery, and it comes to life, constantly hissing with his family and wanting to be left alone. One day, baby Gage runs onto the road, a truck knocks him down, and Louis knows that he has to bury him in the cemetery. When Gage comes back to life, he changes and wants to kill. <br /> <br /> With many of Stephen King’s works that are poorly translated into films, I blame directors and screenwriters. In this case, Mr. King was a screenwriter, but I'm going to blame him for his terrible story. In the end, it is so meaningless, and, although not funny, the premise is ridiculous. A little boy returns from the dead and manages to kill people with something like a tiny scalpel, and not only that, but he manages to raise their bodies and in one case carry the body from the ground to the attic! I know that this is not true, but seriously, how can this be stupid? The scene where Louis injects his deceased, now again a live cat to kill him, strangely sad because the cat did not deserve it. All he did was go about his business, and he killed him. The scene where he introduces his own little son is almost unbearable. Not exactly unbearably sad, but it’s just awful to think about this situation. After the injection, Gage staggers drunkenly before falling dead ... why did they have to make a film ending in the death of a baby? But ... even worse, the actual ending of their film, in which Louis buried someone else (not going to give away who) to the cemetery after Gage killed them ... what did he expect? Why did Mr. King write this horrible story and why did it turn into a film? It is sad and meaningless! <br /> <br /> My rating: * out ****. 90 minutes P for violence.
