Most reviewers' memory banks here must have closed when trying to remember this cubic zirconia made of precious stone, because almost everyone managed to misquote Walter Thornton Lloyd Bochner when, in a fit of angry anger, he threw a phallic garden attachment to his new wife, Jerilie Randall— Thornton (almost comatose Pia Zadora), which was used for sexual violence against her earlier in the film ... but I am running ahead. In any case, poor Lloyd could snarl this line at a silent audience just as he was his partner. <br /> <br /> Most of us find it hard to believe, especially in our day, no one in Hollywood is going to make a bad film INTENTIONALLY. This, of course, is not the most justified argument, since it seems that many of them lose their balance. But then again, there is a breed of films that you need to imagine during its creation, starting from the script, casting and directing, and must have been cursed by the cinematic equivalent of trying to make films during the March Ides. <Br /> <br /> A SINGLE LADY belongs to this category and is very well represented, given the circumstances. Here we have all the ingredients in a recipe that is guaranteed to produce a monumentally fallen soufflé: Pia Zadora, a marginal singer / actress who is so tuned to be taken seriously, that she will take on almost everything that can distinguish her from peers (that this film is surely made!); a somewhat loud novel written by the Scavenger himself, Harold Robbins (out of fame of CARTETHABGGEROV and DREAM DIE THE FIRST); the actors who probably thought they were so lucky to work, that they were trying to act out this trick, as if it were Clifford Odets or Ibsen; plus the director, who most likely was a hired weapon, who kept the mess in order to earn a salary (and, probably, under the contract was obliged NOT to require the use of the nickname “Alan Smithy” to protect what was left of his reputation ”) . As LIPSTICK by Lamont Johnson, Meir Zarchi “I Spit on Your Grave”, “BARBARELLA” by Roger Vadim, “Shows-Rulers” by Paul Verhoeven or “Grandmother of Very Bad Filmmaking”, “Mama, Frank Perry Dear”, “The Lonely Lady” Still often discussed, Terrible laughter (or a unique combination of all three), but also defies analysis, description, or even the pretzel logic in Hollyweird. No one knows how it happened, how it was released even in one theater, or why it is still almost impossible to get rid of it here, but take it or leave it here to stay. And I don’t think that lovers of really good bad movies would be different.
