Paul Armstrong is a Scottish-liberal liberal law professor at Harvard, known for his passionate opposition to the death penalty, who is hired to handle the case of Bobby Earle, a young black man from Florida who was convicted of rape and murder of Joan Shriver, an eleven-year-old white girl. Earl claims that his confession to the crime was obtained under duress by a sadistic policeman, and that the real killer is Blair Sullivan, a serial killer who has already been sentenced to death for several other murders. Armstrong visits Sullivan in his cell on death row, hoping to convince him to confess to the murder of Joanie, thereby saving Earl from the electric chair. <br /> <br /> At first everything goes well. Sullivan confesses, and Earl is released from prison when the appellate court overturns his sentence. As this development occurs only a little later, in the middle of the film, at that very moment alarming bells will start ringing in the viewer's mind. "Warning! The main plot turn forward!" And so it proves. The expected turn materializes soon. Earl, as it turns out, is in fact guilty of the crime for which he had just been acquitted, and possibly some others, but together with Sullivan he developed a diabolical plan to ensure his freedom; Sullivan confesses to Joanie’s murder if Earl kills his parents. (The reason why Sullivan wanted his parents to die was not precisely explained.) Armstrong now finds that he himself is in danger from the man whose life he has just saved; Earl is unhappy with Armstrong's wife, who herself is a lawyer who acted as a lawyer for the charges in an earlier case, when Earl was accused of rape. <br /> <br /> “Just Cause” is an example of auto-cannibalism, when Hollywood sometimes likes to indulge itself by putting together one film, reworking themes and creating plot devices from a number of others. The first half is due to obvious films, such as "The Intruder in the Dust" and "To Kill a Mockingbird"; the only difference is that the sheriff who beats the confession of Bobby Earl is black himself, whereas in earlier films he would be white. (Police brutality is now an activity with equal opportunities). The central twist of the plot was borrowed from Costa Gavras's “Music Box”, although in this film the revelation does not occur until the very end. The final, in which the lawyer, his wife and their little daughter are in danger from a former client, is an obvious plagiarism of two versions of Cape Fear, which also takes place in the swamps of the American south. Ed Harris Sullivan's characterization as a Bible-reading religious maniac is a direct imitation of Robert De Niro's character in the Scorsez version of Cape Fear, created four years before Right Cause. <br /> <br /> (There is a postscript. Just as The Fair Deed is borrowed from several other films, seven years later its plot twist was, in turn, clearly plagiarized in Ashley Judd's car "High Crimes"). <br /> <br /> The problem with this style of filmmaking by number is that the resulting films are usually much less distinguishable than the ones that inspired them. The whole is usually much less than the sum of the parts, and "Right Deal is a much smaller film than any of those that have been cannibalized to do it. Harris is usually a gifted actor, but this is one of his weakest actions, largely because he plays not so much a character as De Niro in the role of Max Cady. Blair Underwood is fine as Bobby Earl is (presumably) innocent a young man of early scenes, but unconvincing as Bobby Earl is a murderous late psycho. Sean Connery as Armstrong and Laurence Fishburn as black sheriff are slightly better, but neither one nor the other is enough to save the film. (Connery and Harris were supposed to play together in another, best movie "The Rock" next year). <br /> <br /> There is another issue with Just Cause. The first half of the film looks like a standard liberal release film, anti-death penalty, anti-racist and critical policy of a tough police. The second half looks more like the work of a staunch reactionary who preaches the message that all criminals are evil bastards, that the only way to cope with them is to fry them in a chair, that liberal lawyers are useful idiots, a criminal fraternity, and that policemen who beat suspects deserve praise as heroes . The filmmakers seem blissfully unaware that a plot twist, accidentally entered in the middle of their film, had the (presumably undesirable) effect of changing its political position or, if they knew about the problem, then ignored it. Obviously, an elaborate conspiracy was considered more important than political consistency. 4/10
