Well, that's it, another disappointment in my account. Two, really! First of all, despite the fact that I like to think about myself, that I know something about the exploitation of the euro in the 70s and its most fruitful participants, I had never heard of Joseph W. Sarno before. Here is a guy who made more than seventy rancid and cult-loaded films about exploitation, and I have not seen one! How? What for? What happened here? Secondly, and even worse, exactly when you think that you have found a new source of little-known cult films, the director’s most famous and supposed “masterpiece” turns out to be an irreparably boring and annoying film. Admittedly, lesbian vampire films make up a rather insignificant subgenre in general, but some of them bathe in ominous atmosphere and strange sensuality (for example, “Vampires” by Jose Larras or Daughter of Darkness ”by Harry Kummel). The film by Joseph Sarno has nothing to offer, except for copious amounts of naked nudity, and even that quickly becomes boring. Events take place in a secluded old castle, hidden deep in the German mountains, where the evil and bloodthirsty (literally) baroness lived five centuries ago. Her loyal students still arrange naked dance parties in the catacombs of the castle, which are lit with penis-shaped candles, and hope to resurrect the baroness soon. Suddenly (don't even ask how) the castle is full of young and sexy female guests, so even more erotic rituals follow. It sounds amazing and interesting enough, but “Devil's Toy” contains a huge number of episodes where literally nothing happens and where the ignorant facial expressions of the cast are unbearable! Sarno is not able to create tension or create a gothic atmosphere (or maybe he just did not bother), and the ability of actresses are limited by the fact that they are in front of the camera topless and attract a really miserable face. Please do yourself a favor: no matter how desperately you want to see all these horrible 70s lesbian vampire films, this movie is not worth a dime! Even the repertoire of Jess Franco and Jean Rollin is pure art compared to this nonsense.
