Sexy Cannibal, or Devil Hunter, as is more widely known among English-speaking viewers, begins with the actress and model Laura Crawford (Ursula Buchfellner as Ursula Fellner) checking out her new film with her assistant Jane (Gisela Hahn). After long days of work, Laura is resting in the bathroom of her room when two very dubious characters named Chris (Werner Pochat) and Thomas (Antonio Mayans) burst in and kidnapped her, helping the treacherous Jane. Agent Laura collapses on the rental hero Peter Weston (Al Kliver), who is aware of the situation, the kidnappers keep Laura on an isolated island and demand 6 million ransoms. Peter is told that he will be paid 200,000 in order to return it safe and sound, and another 10% of 6 million, if he brings it back, is faster than a rat that went down the pipe. Peter and his helicopter pilot from Vietnam Jack are in touch. island and decide how to save Laura. Thus, the kidnappers have Laura, and Peter has 6 million, but not one wants to give them up so much. Just to further complicate this particular isolated island, it is home to a primitive tribe (damn it, for all the generations in which they lived there, they managed to build only one thatched hut, now it's primitive) that worship some kind of monster dude -cannibalu (Bert) Altman) with bulging eyes like God with human sacrifices, and this ogre has sympathy for young, white female flesh and intestines ... <br /> <br /> This is a joint production in Spanish, French and German film director Jesus Franco, who also gets credit for the music. Sexo Cannibal gained some fame here in the UK because it was placed on the “Video Nasties” list in the early 80s under its alternative name Devil Hunter and therefore officially classified as obscene and forbidden, saying that I have no idea why for this is one bad film, and even Franco, who is not afraid of being associated with a turkey, decides that he wants to hide under the pseudonym Clifford Brown. I would imagine even the most die-hard fan Franco would have a hard time protecting this thing. Franco's script, I'm sorry, I mean Clifford Brown and Julian Esteban in the role of Julius Valery, who was obviously even less impressed with the finished product and wanted his name removed, terrible. It is so simple and clear. For a start, the film is so boring that it is not true, the story of the abduction is one of the most boring I have ever seen, without the slightest tension or excitement, and the horrible side of things does not improve as we get a big black guy with stupid looking huge ones blood-eyed and two tame scenes of cannibalism. Since the horror film "Sex Cannibal" is failing, and as an adventure thriller he no longer has success, this should be avoided. <br /> <br /> Director Franco demonstrates his usual incompetence, a decapitated head is reached by an actor lying on the ground with large leaves placed around the base of his neck to try to create the impression that this is not tied to anything! The cannibal scenes are poor, the action is lame, and there are endless scenes in it when people strolling through the jungle randomly move from “A” to “B” and do nothing when they get there. After 10 minutes, it becomes incredibly boring and tiring to watch, and do not forget that this thing lasts for 94 minutes in an uncropped state. I should also mention the jolly scene when Al Kliver should climb a rock, this is achieved by turning Franco to the side of the camera and forcing Cleaver to crawl on the floor! Just look at how his coat hangs down, and how he never clings to anything, just pulling in! The blood is not that great, and as for films about cannibalism, it is very handwork, there are several close-ups of the mouth of cannibals, when he chews pieces of meat, a man pierces spikes, there is blood and a handful of intestines. In Sexo Cannibal there are quite a few nudes and unpleasant scenes of rape. <br /> <br /> Sexo Cannibal had a low budget, and I mean low. This is a bad, poorly made film with terrible special effects and incredible performance. The only decent thing about this is the jungle setting, which at least looks genuine. The music sucks and the sound effects become annoying, because every time the ogre appears on the screen, it breathes heavily. Acting sucks, all this was clearly duplicated, but no one in this role can play. <br /> <br /> Sexo Cannibal is a terrible movie in which a fatal mistake is made to be as boring as hell. The only good thing I can say is that she has a certain sloppy atmosphere, and those close-ups of chewing cannibal meat are pretty rough. Anyone looking for a worthy cinematic experience should give Sexo Cannibal the widest possible place to avoid.
