In the days preceding the Toxic Avenger, the low camp camp kings from Troma Films tried to take a high (well, somewhat less low) road to produce straight slasher images. I would like to think that viewing the results here is what convinced them to drop all claims and go for a shy parody. <br /> <br /> Splatter University is another film for masochists in the audience. As he wanders through two separate shots and countless meaningless plots, it actually becomes painful to watch. Let's see if I can summarize. <br /> <br /> Upon learning that a dangerous psychopath had escaped from a local hospital, the action goes to a Catholic university (I don’t remember the name, but after the name we’ll call it St. Splatter). Students are lethargic and sullen and petty argue with each other, idlers are ahead of their time. Meanwhile, the new professor, Julie Parker, turns out to be completely incompetent in her work. Children deal with relationships, infidelity, unwanted pregnancy, depraved priests and how to avoid doing any work in the classroom; Julie deals with a creepy guy, an inflexible administration in St. Splatter, counseling unmarried mothers, and the empty, inexpressive gaze of her students. None of this means a damn thing or is solved in a meaningful way. Oh, and from time to time, a POV shot comes and stabs one of the girls to death, but don't hold your breath, waiting for it. There is the Red Herring Killer, and then the sadly anti-climatic confrontation with the Real Killer, then she returns to the loans for asylum and throw. <br /> <br /> Slow tempo and numerous meaningless plots seem to be almost calculated to produce a growing sense of frustration in the viewer, aided by intermittent editing, the sound quality of coffee in a can and dialogue, which simply does not make any sense. And the most painful thing in this film - the obsession with the killers of women - the men in this film just deserve it. I would pay good money to see someone fooling with a pregnant girlfriend, or a crazy Lothario who was fooling around with a friend's roommate, or with any creepy priest. There is no justice here.
