Colleges, High Schools, Brotherhoods and Sororites were the most popular places for crazy madmen, as the slasher cycle first became a popular cinema culture in the late seventies. Even in forest houses and campgrounds, the gun was brought to the massacres that occurred on campuses since Halloween classified this genre as a cult category of horrors. From early entries, such as “Good night, everyone,” to a large budget of titles, such as “City Legend” or “Schools Out of Home,” usually there was a slasher on campus somewhere in the queue. Despite the fact that Tromoy picked up the film "Titans from Movie B" Splatter University was deeply concerned after the release and never found an audience. Even the notorious hacker sites, such as HYSTERIA-LIVES, consider Richard Haynes’s discarded yarn to be one of the worst in the early eighties. I always treat criticism of films with optimism, because there is often the likelihood that a few bad reviews may be unfairly infectious, like a dose of flu that pushes the judgment of some authors. <br /> <br /> This begins in the traditional way to the place where any maniac worthy of his salts appears. Yes, you guessed it? crazy shelter! It seems that one of the prisoners decided that he was dissatisfied with the level of service in the institution, and therefore he wants to move his business to another place. Invisible crazy work makes it break after it is stabbed with an orderly knife, where the sun, of course, does not shine. He clearly endorses the feeling of the clothes of the murdered worker, so he takes the liberty to lend his uniform, bloody pants and all that! <br /> <br /> Three years later, we are moving to St. Trinian's College, an educational institution that is controlled by Catholic priests. The teacher is busy for hours, noting the work of his students, when suddenly they knock on the door. Before she can know what the invisible visitor wants, he strikes her in the chest with a kitchen knife, and she falls to the floor in a bloody heap. This, of course, means that there is a vacancy at the university, and therefore we meet Julie Parker (Francine Forbes), an attractive replacement for the recently retired lecturer. It seems that her arrival inadvertently gave the resident maniac all the motivation with which he had to go to the merciless slaughter. Soon, students and teachers, like flies, fall to the camera, hesitating to the threat when he pursues corridors and local areas armed with an exceptionally large blade. There are plenty of suspicious suspects, but can Professor Parker unravel the killer’s mystery on campus before it becomes another statistic? <br /> <br /> I'm not quite sure how many versions of this movie are available. The edited video in the UK was released under the pseudonym Campus Killings, but my copy in the United States states that it is a complete unedited edition, which could mean that there is a censor stamp somewhere? I would be quite surprised if this were so, because University Splatter, of course, is not as delightful as the packing of the hyperbole makes you believe. One or two liters of corn syrup, of course, does not withstand a careful study of the hound, compared to such as Blood Rage or Pieces, so in this case the film is somewhat overloaded. One thing that many critics have not mentioned is the charming lead of Francine Forbes, who ultimately carries the whole picture on her shoulders during the 79-minute run. Despite the amateur manual from Richard Haynes, it still reveals some magnificent potential that should have led to the chance of another blow in serious action under a more experienced assistant. Unfortunately, such an opportunity never appeared, and the lower part of barrel bombs, such as The Ring of Death and Splitz, certainly did not help develop a talent that could have improved significantly with the right scholarship. <br /> <br /> The rest of the cast were part of the motion picture film, especially teenagers with wooden planks who, for some strange reason, behaved as if they were auditioned for a remake of Fat or Wanderers. The standard standard point and direction of the survey would not help create greater confidence in the project, and the fact that several signs of potential were undermined by clumsy handling of the scriptwriter made this function almost impossible. Perhaps the only requirement for originality that can be found in Heins ’s slasher is a bold attempt to make the opposite conclusion. Let's just say that this is not the final that I expected to see in the film, which was so typical of the cycle. <br /> <br /> At some point during the execution one of the teenagers said: “Boy, Parker” is it boring for me to tears ?? The same can be said about Splatter University, which never raises the pace above slow motion. With that said, nevertheless, Francine Forbes made for the delightful queen of the screams and, undoubtedly, the one I would pay to watch again in a similar role. So this pretty much sums up this unconvincing trip. Slow pace, crappy, but still strangely alluring; Should you be especially forgiving to give it a chance?
