I bought a BLOOD CASTLE DVD on eBay for a few dollars, not knowing what it was, and all I can say is that I was not disappointed in this purchase. BLOOD CASTLE is one of those dirty European horror films that has almost no redemptive quality, except that it completely entertains for all bad reasons. The discovery alone was worth the price of the DVD: our heroine, Dr. Ivanna, arrives at the castle, where she must help the scientist, Baron Dalmar, who is conducting experiments on dead tissue. On the way to the castle 1) a man tries to rape Ivanna. 2) the housekeeper of the castle is fighting with her. 3) the maid wants her to die. 4) and, finally, Baron Dalmar nearly spits on her and wants her the next day. Hmm ... something tells me that she is not welcome. With such a miserable visit, you might think that Ivanna would leave this place in the New York minute, but not, as in many other dirty films, our “stubborn” heroine decides to stay in place and even enjoys a candlelit dinner with a grumpy Baron. same busy day. The intro is so disgusting (even more than the memorable first few minutes of this Canadian film "JUNIOR") that I knew that I would enjoy it. <br /> <br /> But the fun doesn't end there. Ivanna constantly gets drugs whenever she goes to bed at night, only to wake up from a loss of consciousness, naked, bound and tortured during light S & M sessions by an invisible person. Even after these night sessions of S & M, Ivanna remains in the castle, stupidly convinced by an angry baron that what she experiences is nothing but dreams. As was to be expected, even after such mistreatment from the very beginning, Ivanna falls in love with the baron. Ivanna completely ignores all the negative things in him, including the obvious fact that the stern baron is popular among young ladies. Every woman in the castle (it seems that only women work there) is in love with an unfortunate boob who is not averse to taking advantage of pretty young things. Everything becomes even more stupid when someone hides in the estate and kills (and kills) women. In essence, Igor, the physically disfigured brother Igor, is responsible for everything. In a very protracted scene, the brother warns the baron that he should not mess with Ivanna too much, otherwise he will suffer the consequences. So what do Baron and Ivanna do with this? Well, they get married, of course! During a very short marriage ceremony, the Baron was shot by one of the angry locals (the father of one of the dead girls). But all this does not deter Ivanna, who among all the dead young ladies and the torture surrounding them, joyfully comforts the offended baron that “this is just a wound from the flesh,” and they can continue and enjoy the honeymoon in the castle, where brother is a murderer / rapist tormentor. All of this quickly turns into a nightmarish love triangle between Ivan, the baron and Igor. It's all about love! <br /> <br /> In any case, you understand: it is not. In this film, almost everything is funny, and when it’s not an OTT, such as a predictable climax, things get a little boring. But for most of the movie, the director or screenwriter enjoys one illogical moment after another. I really like such films, all as thin as a blow to the head with a sledgehammer and inhabited by characters who behave illogical. Even those who made the Retromedia DVD understand this, and when you go to the scene selection section, we hear one of the funniest parts of the dialogue from the dubbed film, looped endlessly. <br /> <br /> Production values ​​are well at risk. Opening and closing captions, with these candles and red curtains ... ah, the soup from the class. The music sometimes sounds like something from a Tim Burton movie, which only adds to the oddity of all this. And, as a rule, in such films, when young girls take off their clothes, they just beg to be killed. <br /> <br /> As a standard movie, I rate 2, but as “this is so bad.” This is a good movie, I rate it at 8 stars. If you like dirty movies, please watch this. This is a must see. The only thing left for me to think about is: what would this woman need to get out of this crazy castle?
