(various spoilers follow) <br /> <br /> Gene Kelly. Not Georges Gubalier, who is sometimes criticized for being too young and not French. Not Leslie Caron, who is sometimes criticized for her very green game. Even Oscar Levant, who most often annoys me because of Dickens. <br /> <br /> No, it will definitely be Gene Kelly. There is something in his character on the screen, too ambitious and focused for him to be a penniless artist in Paris, to be content with endless postponement of meetings with critics, frolic with young children and old women and draw on the streets. That's what made him so effective in SINGIN 'IN THE RAIN and other films where he played ambitious, focused characters. Jerry Mulligan is in some way a cousin of Tommy Albright in BRIGADOON, another Lerner story where Kelly recklessly portrays an American in love with a picturesque European place and an innocent woman who embodies his virtues. <br /> <br /> Except that Jerry is not as pleasant as even a dazed Tommy. This is another unpleasant thing about this movie. Jerry sometimes plays Milo, and worse Liz. When he first sees the latter in a club, he does a dirty trick to make her dance with him. When she sits down again, he does an even more cunning trick to find out her phone number. When he calls her the next day, she hangs up on him, which he takes as a signal to go to her workplace. And in all this it is obvious that she does not want to do anything with him. When she starts laughing at his jokes in the perfume shop, it’s as believable as Milo’s interest in his paintings. Of course, he is handsome and playful, but why should this affect her when she has Henri, who looks like a gentleman? <br /> <br /> Admittedly, this comes off partly because of the actress. If a role like Liz had played, say, Judy Garland, she would have showered Jerry with insults and insults. If Syd Charisse played it, one would admire his courage. But when newcomer Leslie Caron plays her, she looks and behaves like a shy, vulnerable teenager, and as a result, Jerry just seems like a bastard. And why did they choose these other actors (although I personally would prefer them to decide everything by changing the role), when the whole story depends on the romance of these two young poor lovers who separate themselves from their irresponsible obligations to older rich people? Gene Kelly is not only a few years taller than Gubitariya and Foch, he is old enough to become the father of Caron. <br /> <br /> In short, I think that all of this would have been improved if Jerry played a young comedian dancer in the role of Jerry. the type that usually appeared in musical support roles ... for example, Ray MacDonald in good news or Bobby Van in a small woman. Maybe not necessarily, but someone loves them. Someone who could stalk Lisa and make her seem harmless playful; someone who would look really happy living in this Chaplin hole in the wall; someone whose humor and naivety would be better contrasted with the sarcastic irritation of Oscar Levant. It would probably also make the ballet seem less heavy. And that could provide a voice that Gershwin could sing better. <br /> <br /> All this may give the impression that I don’t like Gene Kelly. I like him. He was amazing in most of his films, but not in this one (well, but in several others). I also do not despise AAIP; It has good points, like an art guide. And Leslie Caron, who, despite her inexperience, is quite charming and really looks like she just left the picture. Georges Guberial does an excellent job with his work, and his “Stairway to Heaven” is my favorite number in the film. Nina Foch is beautiful and touching and had to end up with someone. But not Jerry Mulligan. I would not want this from her.
