NB: Spoilers inside. Assigning the artistic director of an opera performance in a natural and inevitable way means that you get a piece of the mind of this director. But managing Wagner’s opera is particularly challenging, since he was probably the most explicit operatic composer in terms of how things should look and how they should unfold. Hans-Jürgen Siberberg downloads this film Parsifal, the last masterpiece of Wagner, with enough extraneous ideas so that he almost burst at the seams. You get more than a piece of the director: you get the whole fatted pig, and then a bit. Siberberberg should be admired for its tendency to tear off covers on the ugly aspects of German history. But does it work to unite this desire for the Wagner opera, already filled with its own concepts? <br /> <br /> Scenes of the Knights of the Holy Grail in Acts I and III are particularly saturated with visual allegory and symbolism. They are taken from Wagner’s own time, long before that and go far beyond. If you know what these things mean, they can enrich the vision of Syberberg for you (but not necessarily improve the vision of Wagner); if you do not know what they mean, they are just confusing, if not annoying. I will not worry about expanding the plot of the opera here. Suffice it to say that this is a typical Wagnerian synthesis of various elements, in this case it is a mixture of the legend of the Holy Grail with the principles, practices and entertainment of Christianity. The ransom theme plays a major role here, as in almost every Wagner opera. <br /> <br /> I personally had to sweat to get through the first act of Siberberg (because of my sharp acclimatization, the music saved the day). But Act II is gaining momentum. Here we meet Klingsor, the evil sorcerer, to catch the wandering "innocent fool" Parsifal. The greatest temptress of all, Kundry, will be used to seduce him on the dark side. After the initial enthusiasm for a large number of characters, they are removed, and the long, gorgeous, transformational duet between the young fool and the seductress really takes off. Finally, the film begins to create real magic, and this is mainly due to the fact that Syberberg decided to install things naturally and simply. Suddenly, acting begins (expressive actress Edith Clover and the juicy soprano of the Yvonne Minton team to create the amazing Kundry); all of a sudden, the music seems to come to life and enlivens the inner turmoil of the two characters. Camera operation remains simple and quietly smooth. In other words, Wagner is allowed to tell his story on his own terms. And it works great. For me it was the most exciting part of the film. <br /> <br /> With the return of the knights in the second part of Act III, unfortunately, strange foreign symbols appear. Some other crazy ideas of Siberberg: the use of Wagner's huge deadly mask as the main subject of scenery (causing the composer's comically large convex trunk); to wear the knights of Act III in all kinds of costumes, wigs and make-up (what does the director say that knights are a bunch of jesters? what do they express the many or eternal layers of significance besides their superficial functions? this is someone's guess); insert ?? only after the incredibly touching baptism of Kundry by Parsifal ?? a reproduction of the conductor's reproduction, in modern realism, of his studio orchestra (this completely cut off my dramatic thread, requiring several minutes to regroup); the complete absence of any time gap between Acts II and III (when we again meet with the knight and “narrator” Gurnemantsa, he must be an old man, an old man, and Parsifal must again become tired of the world, but a wise intermediary ”. old man); but, of course, the strangest move is to divide the character Parsifal into male and female components. Some consider it the most brilliant blow. Undoubtedly, I can attribute Karin Creek, who plays Parsifal 2, in the action of strength and dignity (she also turns out to be the best lipstick of the entire cast). But please ... Wagner's concept of Parsifal is already so complex. His growth is from a completely innocent boy who knows nothing about his past, to his breakthrough awareness in Act II of what does Amfortas' eternal wound mean and how did it become his own, to his return as the great Redeemer of Act III ?? This journey is a masterfully built character. Bi-sexual accent is just useless and absurd. (And what nonsense about the homoerotic of Gurnemants and Parsifal? Can't we just accept the relationship of a mentor and a student who surprisingly turned upside down in act III?) <br /> <br /> The Philharmonic of Monte Carlo under the leadership of Armin Jordan plays with passion and beauty (although the chorus is disappointing). But after watching this movie, I just wanted to pull out my post under the direction of Salty (STRONGLY recommended) and re-align my Wagner bearings. For me, the experience of the film ranged from strange to entertaining and infuriating. To Sibeberg’s credit, he created a visually exciting work, and he certainly offers a unique perspective on an important opera. But instead of sticking with Parsifal, he seemed to want to bring all things into Wagnerian: man, life, a tremendous influence ... all this in a coarse symbolic code. The Parsifal opera is already full of weighty symbolism: the Grail, the Spear, the Holy Mysteries, baptism, Amfortas' always-bleeding wound, Klingsor's self-castration, Kiss, Kundry's Curse and so on. Not to mention the "musical" symbolism, which constantly sounds in the score in the form of Wagner's leitmotif. Parsifal itself is one huge symbol! Coming back to my first question, the whole Siberberg pig is too big for me. But if this project sounds like something that tickles your imagination, then do it. I do not recommend simply staying away from this; You may find yourself wholeheartedly satisfied. Or, if you need to overcome the Wagner barrier, try ... but please do not stop here. Parsifal is in a late, very mature league of its own.
