I am fully aware that there are no statistics that would easily confirm the link between video games and violence in real life. The film is false and false, because it is in complete contradiction with itself, which I tried to emphasize in my initial review. The film fails, not necessarily because I really think that these children were influenced by video games, but because the film sets it as “random” and does not complete it. Let me clarify. In Eileen: The Life and Death of a Serial Killer, you can see that her statements about the police and that radio waves control her are ridiculous, but she is so worried that she really believes this is true. However, the viewer can make a difference. On Zero Day, two children continue to say that the environment does not affect them, which is clearly wrong, since everything they do contradicts this. Neo-Nazism, talking about the continuation of CNN with Wolf Blitzer (which is funny not only because they know his name, but is also a shameless attempt by the director to highlight his bad film) ... etc. This film does not depict " reality, ”he only shows fake, to prove his point. Unfortunately, you fell in love with the bait and did not see it, and you also did not understand it from my review. The entire film simply takes Michael Moore’s hypothesis and applies it to something “real” in the hope of confirming and failing, not necessarily because the hypothesis is wrong, but because the film is wrong and does not support it. Of course, I don’t think that children who play video games are more likely to kill people, but if I’m not mistaken, there was no videotape about how the children of Columbine (or some teenage killers) shot a gun in the forest, arguing What did they look like or did they act like weapons in Doom? Hmmmmm, the difference is that children are likely to be aware of the media, influenced by, but obviously balanced or smart enough, that this is not even a problem. “Zero Day” is a bad film not because I truly believe that a correlation exists, but because the director does not know what he is trying to say, and the film does more to refute his point of view and then support it. It is as if the new ratings assigned to video games upset someone, and in response they chose “zero day”. If you want the theory of "brainless" teen murderers to be justified, go and watch Bulli.
