This review refers to a snippet of the film, which is usually available as Wolf Rage. I understand that there is an uncircumcised version with additional frames, and I hope that it contained at least eight or nine important scenes that appear to be missing from the clipping, known as Wolf Rage. In short, the film makes absolutely no sense. This is complete nonsense and incomprehensible nonsense. <br /> <br /> Waldemar Daninsky, this venerable lycanthropic anti-hero, depicted by Paul Us in a seemingly endless series of films, appears to be a normal guy, just returned from a trip to Tibet, where he was attacked by a yeti. Somehow it turned him into a werewolf. Daninsky is a doctor, scientist and teacher in what seems to be a college. One of his female colleagues, Ilona Elmann, is involved in an indefinite form of hypnosis ... "Khematody," a meaningless word used to mean a bundle of wires attached to a victim's head. Ellman believes that this will allow her to “change the direction of the human brain,” which, naturally, will allow her to rule the world, provided she can connect us to these wires without any problems. <br /> <br /> Elmann is also in werewolves because she kidnaps Daninsky and takes him to his hidden laboratory. She has a lot of other people there too. Some of them resemble gypsies and are in varying degrees of clarity. Others are clearly hippies. Elmann feels that one day she will be able to “help them to become human again” (?), But at the same time she controls them with her hematodes. Waldemar becomes her hairy killer, roaming like a werewolf zombie - until the filmmakers decide to use footage from another Werewolf movie "Frankenstein's Bloody Terror" (don't ask), and at this point Our Werewolf's makeup changes significantly, and he rolls like an animal. <br /> <br /> Does this make any sense? Not? Good. This is the saving grace of the film. He is not trying to draw you to any intellectual level, he is just in full swing with any meaningless dialogue or cheap horror films he can collect. Wolf Rage may be the best Halloween movie ever. You absolutely do not need to pay attention to this, and in fact, if you do, you will be completely confused.
