Most recently, I first saw this little opus “Magnum” on one of those dollar DVDs that now seem everywhere and so touched by it that I can't help it. For those who have never seen this fascinatingly miserable Mexican import and wants to see it without prejudice to someone else's comments, there will undoubtedly be significant spoilers in the future. Therefore, if you are one of those reckless people, immediately stop reading and go and see for yourself. If you get drunk enough in advance, you may be lucky to lose consciousness before it is over. <br /> <br /> Start with the premise that a person can become a werewolf after a yeti bite. No one in the film runs the risk of explaining how this kind of implantation can occur, and the rest of the film looks even more hopelessly meaningless. But pour yourself another glass of wine (or whatever you drink), and let's continue. <br /> <br /> Our Paul (our werewolf) looks like a man struggling with a toothache in a city where only a dentist exchanged his Novocain reserves for a case of cheap whiskey, and since then he has been drunk. (Isn't he lucky?) Our expression never changes, either in makeup or makeup, and obviously no one gave him any instructions on how to behave like a werewolf. From time to time he tries to imitate Lon Cheney, Jr.’s squatting, but most of the time he just walks in his black mafia shirt, as if just another cool dude with slightly longer facial hair. To be fair, cosmetics are actually better than the actor inside him, but continuity is infinitely worse. I can only think of the werewolf Our, who twice changes shirts in the middle of the yaw. He goes from black shirt to red shirt, then back to black, then back to red, then back to black, all on one crazy night. Interestingly, he always crouches with Cheney in a red shirt, and a cool dude walks in a black shirt. And only when he is wearing a red shirt, do we see most of the rage that the names hint at. Supposedly, there is something in that red shirt that simply reveals an animal in it. <br /> <br /> Somehow, being bitten by a cross-pollinating yeti, the poor fellow returns home from Tibet to find out that his wife has slept with one of his students. Two illegal lover trying to kill him, adjusting the brakes on his car. He is experiencing a wreck and returns home in time for the full moon. Then, after chewing on his wife and her lover, he leaves again, and somehow he manages to kill himself with an electric current. But is that enough? Can they let this tortured rascal rest in peace? No chance. He is resurrected by a supposed female scientist with a hardcore S / M fetish, otherwise known as "The Doctor" (and definitely not the new incarnation of Doctor Who). She digs him and takes him to her strange locks, takes him to the dungeon, clings him to the wall and smashes a damn good thing. Presumably, such a series of indignations should be enough to cause a little rage in any wolf man. <br /> <br /> After a frenzy with two shirts, our wolfman spends most of the rest of the film, wandering around the castle, trying to find a way out. (And who can blame him?) During his wanderings, he encounters a surprisingly disjointed assortment of clichés, including a man dressed in medieval armor, with the curious inept Ghost of the Opera imitator (presumably the father of the Doctor) and a tough slave slavery party. <br /> <br /> So what is this, you can reasonably ask? A vague impression is created that this is somehow related to the control of consciousness, and includes what the Doctor calls “chemotrodes”. (Better assumption. I really have no idea how to spell it, even if there is such a thing.) Fortunately, the experiment ends in failure, and, most importantly, it ends ... before someone has time to bite off his own leg. <br /> <br /> Of course, such a film can hardly be expected to make any sense, but at least it should be good for a laugh. This is not true. Forget it, mate. There is a creeping anarchy in this film, from its patched, tequila-filled atmosphere to its brutal cinematography and painful musical score that challenges even the most intricate attempts to make any type of MST3K laugh at it. If it is not even good for this, why the hell is it good? If Montezuma’s revenge could somehow be remastered and burned onto a DVD, it would have looked exactly the same as this film.
