“La Furia del Hombre Lobo” forms a completely autonomous storyline, which seems not to fit into the previous films of Valdemar Daninsky. Some say that this film should take place before the events of The Shadow of the Werewolf, although it was subsequently released ... they may be right, I am not sure. In any case, in this film Waldemar Daninsky was bitten by a yeti-like creature in Tibet (there is an excellent dialogue here - “It was a yeti. But it is impossible. I am a scientist, but these things do not exist. marked by a pentagram sign, he can prevent the werewolf from turning until he discovers that his wife is cheating on him. One night, turning into a beast, he kills both her and her lover before going into a storm and getting an electric shock. of how he was resurrected by a dominatrix university professor who there are some incomprehensible experiments with the control of consciousness that are brought to the underground cellar of the castle, where the subjects of these experiments live like fettered animals. <br /> <br /> First of all, Hasinto Molina, Paul Our, whatever you call it, he is a fine actor and passionately cared about his work. Regardless of how flawed these films are, you can always rely on him for a decent performance. The rest of the actors seem good enough, but it's hard to tell when they duplicate the off-screen voice over for all their lines. And that was the main problem for me ... many of the off-screen artists that they used were just terrible, terrible, terrible. Whenever I laughed during the film, it was an inappropriate way they put their lines (they seem to constantly call the hero “Waldemann”). But, unfortunately, it is almost impossible to find subtitles with copies of Nashi films, although sometimes they are available in the original language without subtitles. <br /> <br /> Directed by Jose Maria Zabaltsa seems like a hit and a slip. Some scenes have some great visual ideas, while others are poorly constructed and poorly edited, especially in the final scenes, when it really matters. The reason for this was that Zabaltsa was apparently drunk most of the time on the set. He allowed his fourteen-year-old nephew to rewrite Molina’s dialogue, used add-ons without his permission, and made several shots from Molina’s earlier films. All of this pretty much destroyed any chance that this film would be one of Molina’s best work, and it’s not surprising that they never worked together again. <br /> <br /> But this is not all bad news, as there are some good ideas here. Some aspects of the plot create an interesting psychological drama with a werewolf as a metaphor of jealousy and rage. The idea of ​​"werewolf like yeti" returned to Molina’s later work. Some rather awful and surreal things happen in the basement, and there is also a very catchy sequence around the middle of the film, where Daninsky runs from house to house through the village, killing or sticking to the innocent when he goes - one scene is especially intense, but in fact It was shot straight from Molina’s first film, La Marca del Hombre-lobo, along with several other shots. I actually found the film as a whole very interesting, although there are some problems with the entertaining version of Front Row, such as fairly obvious cuts (although some of them may simply be caused by the director’s lack of continuity). The gods know what omissions there are - I will probably try to get an uncut version at some point in the future. <br /> <br /> This is a generally decent sample of vintage Ours, which experienced fans can enjoy, but it could be much better and therefore probably would not have made a great introduction.
