Spanish horror icon Paul Ours starred in this, one of his weakest werewolf films ... but be patient for a moment. Most people will be familiar with him under his most common television title “FURY OF THE WOLF MAN”, and over the years many versions of his home video have appeared. If you want to take this seriously, then the best edition I've ever seen is called “The Wolfman Never Sleeps,” and this is an unedited and full European version that restores a couple of disturbing scenes and contains original nude shots that missing in the FURY print. This is also a mailbox. <br /> <br /> Ours are played by Valdemar Daninsky, returning home from a trip to Tibet, only to find out that he got the curse of a werewolf and that his wife had an affair. He takes care of her and her lover, being in the shape of an animal, but then becomes a guinea pig for a sexy female doctor and her assistant. Apparently, the doctor is trying to “tame” the werewolf, and between her and the hairy and fanged Daninsky, who are under her trance, there is, at least in the original version, a very strange scene of sadomasochistic love. As a result, we get two werewolves for the price of one, because Daninsky fights with a she-wolf! <br /> <br /> The biggest problem with the film is that the director (according to Our statements) was often drunk and the results were really rather inconsistent. When watching a copy of “The Wolfman” never sleeps, it’s not so difficult to figure out what is happening, although in some places editing remains awful. Worst of all, random, inappropriate footage of the image of a predatory werewolf. Ours were stolen directly from another previous film (LA MARC DEL HOMBRE LOBO, also known as Frankenstein's Bloody Terror) and mixed up in it for no reasonable reason! The wolf's clothes change from a black shirt to a white one and back, just like his behavior; in an instant, the wolf lethargically walks in hypnotic trance from FURY, then he growls and wildly runs from the bloody terror. Really weird.
