I honestly had no idea that the notorious B.I.G. (Bert I. Gordon, director; not a dead rapper) was still active in the 80s! I always assumed that the delightfully inept "Empire of the Ants" stood as his last masterful achievement in the horror genre, but that was before my dirty little hands stumbled upon an ancient and dusty VHS copy of the Advent, a completely unclear and unheard-of movie about witchcraft, which actually turned out to be a more or less pleasant surprise! What begins as a seemingly atmospheric story about the late dark ages soon takes a silly turn when a villager of 1692 inexplicably translates into the current Salum, Massachusetts, and quickly attacks a girl in a historical museum. You see, this particular girl is the reincarnation of Anna Putman, who in 1692 was a bona fide evil girl and falsely accused more than twenty people of witchcraft, which led to their execution in the state. The man who attacked Loreen, lost his wife and daughter and wants revenge. But poor and three centuries older Loreen is just an innocent schoolgirl, or is she? "Burnt on stake" unfolds as a mixture between the "Exorcist" and the "General-sorcerer" with a small addition of the "Time Machine" added for good measure. Way, Burt! The plot becomes more stupid and meaningless with each new turn, but at least it never turns into complete boredom, as often happens in other modern films about witchcraft, such as “The Terror of Danwich” and “The Terror of Devonsville”. The film tells about the events of today and the memories of 1692; which makes it quite fun and fast. The girl Ann Putman is a rather fascinating character resembling the character Abigail Williams in the more famous stage play "Crucible" (also depicted by Winona Ryder in the 1996 film). There are several cool death episodes, such as a teacher in a cemetery or a journalist in the library, who are committed by the ghost of an evil reverend who has entered into a contract with Ann Putman and, possibly, even with the devil himself. The film becomes quite spastic and completely absurd at the end, but in general there is a good funny fun. Plus, the least you can say about Berthe I. Gordon is that he has definitely developed some directing competencies over the years.
