I watched thousands of films and never wrote a review, but “Red Eye”, which I witnessed, is so contrary to the bright tributes posted here, that I have to offer my two cents in protest and score the lowest possible number of points. bring the average to reality. <br /> <br /> This is a boring, boring smelly film that was remembered only by its apologetic portrayal of the terrorists ’goal (diplomat bully John Bolton, really a great guy, don’t you know?) and the very handsome and popular Dr. Phil (whose popular book reads frequently flying around the world). The only real “Red Eye” I encountered is rubbing my eyes in disbelief. <br /> <br /> Before you fork out for $ 10 or so dollars for this movie “B”, read the selected “Quotes (from the trailer)” above and ask yourself if you really like the movie in which it was smart strings that you can find. Unfortunately, there is nothing better in this movie. The basic premise is stupid as hell; acting is soft and not inspiring, completely devoid of pro / antagonistic chemistry; suspension potential fails at every turn - with the exception of the last five minutes - due to poor management and proactive editing; the script is replete with inconsistencies, such as: the early revelations of the heroine as a university star of lacrosse are questioned when she later battles the enemy with a hockey stick; and the holes in the plot are wider than in First Class (while character development is strictly Coach). <br /> <br /> And then there are moments of extreme absurdity, for example, when the daughter of a senior government official is NOT sent directly to ensure airport security, at the earliest opportunity, warn them about the plot to kill both the head of national security and her father's Or when the same woman runs over the skin, gliding along the smooth linoleum at the airport, waving her arms and sticking her veins around her neck, putting on 4-inch stilettos. Or when her pursuer also pursues with a sucking wound in the trachea. Or when terrorists use a fishing pole to lift their weapons from the bottom of the harbor. I am always ready to suspend disbelief, but I'm not going to jump from a height of 30 meters without a parachute. <br /> <br /> I can say one good thing that this film depicts women who are able (even in bimbo form) to cope with the most extreme emergencies - these are the kind of gender images that are extremely lacking in American films. In addition, this film is never made, and no more exciting than the flight of red eyes from Boston to New York. Remember when was the last time you were deceived by deceptive trailers and bright tributes - on this forum or somewhere else? This is one of those moments. Wait for the video with the "Red Eye" and also do not watch it.
