Wes Craven, you're laughing ... at our expense. The red-eye plot is ridiculous ... We run into a guy who apparently spent 8 weeks watching a girl who then appears at the airport behind her, successfully flirts and communicates with her, somehow staggers around the place with her in a double seat, not stuck in the middle of the five-seater row (contacts during check-in?) and having a good time during the painfully complex build-up. Then, rising into the air, in a confined space, surrounded by strangers, he immediately begins to threaten the dummy if she is super effective, Rachel McAdams and says: "We got you, dad, do what I say, or Popp gets it." Well, forgive me, but didn’t they have already prepared her dad for murder so that you would get better sick long before she stepped on the plane, and therefore there wouldn’t be oooooooooooooh just to snatch the girl from the street and terrorize her where in the room, forgetting about her father’s complicated and insecure plot, pulling out her nails or something else, until she makes all the necessary “calls”? Or even - because these are films, and we need some unrealistic turns - don’t touch dad’s stupid thing in trouble, if necessary, but better dress it so that it keeps it in trouble until the intricate plot is concluded. any sense without plane stupidity? Alternatively, not wanting to be like a real-minded terrorist / assassin, was it not possible to use the much more massive used bazooka-rocket tank, say, by car, driving along the highway, with the politician inside, and not with the 50th story of the hotel in Miami by the sea from a fishing boat (keep in mind that, as we already know, security in Miami is weak, so they will escape)? I know, I know, it’s much more fun to watch a pretty girl for 8 weeks, rob her father’s house to steal his wallet (which is somehow - in the style of the star path - instantly transported from Miami to Texas) so that maybe - Ask her to arrange for the politician to change her hotel room, and, and, and ... Well, a thousand things can go wrong, each of which completely destroys the Big Plan, so why not narrow down the elements to a reasonable handful, such as - 1. Bazooka. 2. car. 3. boom! My 50-minute trip home from the cinema was spent on highlighting the many flaws and stupid turns of Hitchcockian, which, unfortunately, was the best entertainment of all this sad experience. As for security at the Miami airport ... we seem to have a crazy and violent girl running off the plane, pursued by police officers who, during the chase, sit down to drink coffee, go somewhere to read a magazine in a bar, then again running like crazy, up and down across the terminal ... now also pursued by crazy Killian Murphy (then there was no video surveillance? - I was put on a weapon for me in the wrong place a couple of years ago for 10 seconds at the Miami airport). ). Thus, instead of talking to the police - her allies - or to sit on a blower in a telephone booth sent straight to her father to warn him that his life is in danger, McAdams instead prefers to steal the People’s Carrier from his family at the station square airport (call the damned guard ...) and go home to dad, mowing the killer by car in the front garden of the house, in a rich neighborhood looking after the neighborhood, and in the process smashes the front porch - an act that actually woke the pope a little after midday sleep, after about a minute, but for some reason it does not register with neighbors who do not even show curiosity, thereby providing another 15 minutes of shelter and search for fraud, while the duet runs around a huge house like Hollodek. Dhhhh, it really hurts to keep thinking about all this - Killian (probably renamed “Stupid un” for this?) It is ridiculous from the icy killer to the comically insane (and inept) crazy killer at the end, this theoretically ruthless sender human life n We allowed dad to live so that he could watch his daughter prepare her goose. I'd rather stop, because the stream of nonsense that I write here should sound just as uncoordinated as the red-eye scenario. If Ms. McAdams had not been allowed to board the plane, first of all the name could be changed from “Red Eye” to “No Eye, dear”. RR
