There are moments in this unique cartoon of pure beauty, but overall it’s not very good. Limited animation, as well as custom character and background design will limit its appeal to the mainstream market. The character design looks like a cross between the original "Clone Wars" in "Star Wars" and "Kim Possible Disney" (Brendan, the main character in this film also has a strange resemblance to "Ron Stopbil in Kim Possible"). soft and depressing, stylish and strict, but by today's standards, on the whole he is still poor and cheap looking. Many backgrounds look like Eastern European or Scandinavian animation from the mid-80s, nice in their own way, but for a modern children's audience, accustomed to festival festivals and talking dogs with every piece of fur on their body swaying in the wind. Be sure to disappoint. The story is also not very exciting, and many of the actors do not sound very impressive, especially, as a rule, the brilliant Brendan Gleason, who seems to ring in his part. There are also a few minor characters that look like slightly cliches and stereotypically racist. However, some of the characters are good, the viking Vikings, although underused, are well-made and especially anticipate both the look and the sound. There is one moment when the main character and his mentor were rescued by the Wolves from a Viking attack, which is very well built. The look and feel also seemed to be very inspired by the Watership Down film, which included the blatant disruption / worship of the Ghost Rabbit Inlay. Appearance is also clearly and visibly inspired by Gaelic / Celtic / Anglo-Saxon art, so if you are into these issues, you can be attracted by its look. The film also has moments of very well structured shots, leading the look in a very artistic way, including a pretty slash and a large-scale Viking attack, which is very capricious and impressive. Best of all, although this is music, most of the background music is melodic and touching, especially the song of the brass girl, which is really beautiful and intrusive and works very well with the images that it covers. If the whole film were as poetic as this moment (and it is trying), then it would be a very beautiful and poetic film that, unfortunately, still would not reach a wide audience, but instead it would not be a shame that he will not reach a wider audience. the audience, because most of them are average and cheap, and do not meet modern standards of animation. In general, the film, which clearly shares my opinion in many ways, but in general is not very good, but it is worth watching the music, the song and the occasional cute or scary moment. Oh, and the cat seemed to live for a long time, not sure how it was possible.
