Chris Rock deserves better than he gives himself in "Down to Earth". In accordance with the instructions of the brothers Chris and Paul Weitz, the famous “American Pie”, this boring remake of Warren Beatty’s fiction “Heaven Can Wait” in 1978, the 1974 reissue of “And here is Mr. Jordan” who conquered Chris Rock Amy for his first HBO special. As expected, he spews swear words from A to Z, but deliberately avoids the F-word. Anyone who has seen this gifted African-American comic in Lethal Weapon 4, Dogme, or Nurse Betty knows that he can make more laughter with the word F than Martin Lawrence and Eddie Murphy put together. Unfortunately, despite several witty unidirectional lines, "Down to Earth" falls into "Rock bottom" both as a contrived comedy, and as an incredible interracial romance. <br /> <br /> "Down to Earth" completely destroys any goodwill that the Weitz Brothers produced with their characteristic rough face "American Pie". This one-time nonsense qualifies as a contrived and tangled comedy with an absolutely incredible color blindness interracial romance. Unfortunately, more than a competent cast, including "Full Monty" Mark Addy, Chazz Palminteri from Analyze It, SCTV Eugene Levy and newcomer Brian Rhodes as Charles Wellington Junior? night, fragmentary roles. Hardcore Rock fans will no doubt blame their favorite comedian for trying to fix something that never broke. Critically written by Lance Crowther, Ali Le Roy, Louis SiKi and Rock, "Down to Earth", Chris acts as a messenger who rides his bike during the day in the Big Apple, and at night he is booed from the stage at the famous Harlem Apollo Theater . Poor Lance Barton (Chris Rock) suffers from a serious stage dread. However, his charitable manager, Whitney Daniels (Frankie Faison of Hannibal), stays right through him. After Lance discovers that the Apollo Theater will hold one final amateur nightly extravaganza, he pleads with Whitney to invite him to the queue. Sorry, but if Lance is such a stupid comedian, why does Apollo continue to invite him back? Meanwhile, Lance has something else for Lance. While we are going home by bike, our main character notices the pretty lady Sonti (Regina King from “Jerry Maguire”) crossing the street, but he does not see the bus that collides with him and kills him. Wham! Lance Barton levitates skyward with a halo around his head. In Heaven, which resembles a nightclub on cruise ships, Lance discovers that an overly zealous angel, Mr. Case (Eugene Levy from “Stay with Us”), timed his death 40 years ahead of time. <br /> <br /> Heavenly Defendant Mr. King (Chazz Palminteri from Analyze It), the right guy of God, apologizes and accompanies Lance back to earth. The catch is that Lance cannot reclaim the corpse, so he must dwell in another body. The best that Mr. Case could come up with is the ruthless white 60-year-old tycoon Charles Wellington. Wellington's adulterous wife Amber (Jennifer Coolidge from American Pie) and his unscrupulous personal assistant Winston (Greg Germann from Sweet November) have just tried to poison him. Reluctantly, before Wellington's body disappears, Lance accepts it conditionally as a borrower until Kiz can find a more suitable body. Meanwhile, Lance-a-Wellington again meets Santi. She is a nurse activist protesting his decision to privatize the Brooklyn Community Hospital, which serves the poor. While Regina King brings a surplus of charisma to her role as a crusader paramedic, she plays a character who bypasses credible motivation in her relationship with Wellington. Although he is no longer black, Lance is not only trying to win for Sonti, but also to win a concert in Apollo. <br /> <br /> “Down to Earth” Rock plays in its most unfunny role. The reason the comedian made this film seems doubtful. He reportedly dined with Warren Beatty and told Beatty that he liked the original script that screenwriter Elaine May wrote for Beatty. Initially, Beatty himself tried a trick with changing the race in his own version, trying to play Mohammed Ali in the title role of "Heaven can wait." The deal fell through and Beattie titled the movie. According to Rock, his longtime co-authors and he thought that they could “destroy” this classic. Moreover, he justified his choice of "Heaven can wait," based on his philosophy: "Do what you can do only when you are hot." Earlier, Rock rejected the scenario of touring rappers' bus, because he saw little opportunity to stretch his image in such a walk. Being a lifeless comedian in the film “To Earth”, Rock doesn’t stretch his image so much as turns him over to the worst! This semi-burnt concert film with an annoying plot makes for his comic reputation as much as for Weitz Brothers! You know that a movie about a comedian is in a difficult situation when playing at a nightclub scene, so you can't hear the jokes, just laughter. Likewise, the role of Mark Addy in the role of Wellington’s butler, who speaks English to the queen, but is actually a commoner from Michigan, also defies logic. Addy is a real Englishman, and he doesn't need to invent an accent; his accent is authentic. The main question from “Down to Earth” is the “again-again-again-again-again-like” switching that characters do, so Chris Rock does not disappear completely from sight for a few seconds. While Chris plays half the film as Wellington’s white guy, viewers see him mostly as Lance, undermining comic irony, watching his stocky, bald, Caucasian white alter-ego playing ghetto-humor and singing hip-hop songs. Incredibly, Rock twice served as the executive producer of the film and one of his four scribes. The secret is how such a wealth of talent could turn such an awkward, mistaken confusion of comedy. The only feature of “Down to Earth” is the great orchestral soundtrack of Jamshiyed Sharifi.
