I think the "Best Times" were hopeless from the start. The initial premise (the guy throws off the winning medal against a rival high school team seems to never be able to overcome it, and then tries to unite the two teams to play again) - one of the most stupid I've ever heard. Since Ron Shelton began to write much better sports films, I wonder if there was anything else in that? I hope that this film was not lit in green when Shelton was telling the story, as I wrote above. <br /> <br /> So we have a prerequisite. Starting from there, you can think or hope that there may be several turns along the way to revive the situation. There is no such luck. This script follows every predictable cliche you can come up with. In this film there is not a single moment that you will not see a mile before the movie shows this and the ending .... well, if you cannot figure out the ending by the end of the first video, it means that you have Not paid attention and not have seen any other sports film in their lives. <br /> <br /> Robin Williams and star Kurt Russell (and boredom) in the forefront. Williams is a poor fellow who threw a big pass, and Russell is a defender, who threw a fatal pass. Gee, how do you think Russell will come up again to see if they and Williams can fix a mistake that the city never forgot? This is such a comedy with a lame duck and a scenario with a lame duck that you can only shake your head, wondering what could be. Of course, there are a few giggles and, honestly, there is one really funny scene. Williams and Russell have marriage problems, and their wives invite them to dinner to solve problems. None of them understands that they were invited on Monday, and, yes, football on Monday evening is included. Remembering that two teams play together, one victory, men (especially Williams) are trying to resist the temptation to figure out how the game goes. The scene splits into several funny pieces when Williams goes to check the bill, using a bathroom visit as a trick. When he returns, he coughs the bill to Russell. Later, when Russell starts taking steps on his wife, Williams turns the TV to their sight from another room. <br /> <br /> This is an inspiring and fun scene in a mostly dull and silly movie.
