A blank check is one of those children's films that could be a great thriller for the unknown, but instead it’s a weary, unconvincing home burglar who doesn’t cost a penny. Quigley is a criminal who just escaped from prison and gets his hidden million dollars from a large account, and then we meet Preston, a frustrated child whose room is occupied by his brothers to start a business, and obviously dad treats his brothers better, because they make money. on the same day, he goes to the children's birthday party, and since his dad is cheap, he rides on small children, while other children ride a roller coaster, then he receives a greeting card and a check for 11 dollars, how cheap is this family? So he goes to the bank to open an account and meets Stanley's gorgeous Neck, were her parents fans? he learns that he needs 200 to open an account, while Quigley gives his million to his friend banker and finds out that the accounts are marked, so he will send a footman named juice to get unmarked when Preston leaves his bike, and Quigley knocks him down. is going to write a check when he notices the police and bolts home, his parents scolded him about his broken bike and something to justify? their child almost ran away and they worry about the bike? Thus, Preston fakes a million dollar check through his computer and returns only to accompany the banker, thinking that he is a juice, he gives Preston money, but the real juice came and realized that they had been deceived by a child! So Preston buys a mansion under the Macintosh name, gets a limousine driver who says funny jokes and goes on a grand shopping, then he notices Shea and talks about opening his account, the kid you downloaded, and you talking about opening an account? Soon we realized that Shi was actually an FBI agent tracking down Quigley and his two other accomplices. He then told his cheap father that he was working for Mr. McIntosh and was spending the day riding karting, playing games and talking to his fellow limo driver. Does he go on a date with Shea in a posh restaurant that a 10-year-old is having lunch and dinner with a 20-year-old FBI agent? After that, he takes her to a street geyser and plays in the water, spoiling the $ 300 Shi dress, but she accepts it well, if it was a little realistic, she would have slapped him for spoiling her expensive dress, so quigley and others are still crazy questioning a small child and quickly spilling beans, and Preston is pursued by Quigley in a scene taken from the original script, and the afterwords he spends the birthday of Mr. McIntosh, who is really his birthday when he discovers that he cannot zap patting the party he sits in his chair and dad talking to McIntosh, about which he does not know that he is talking to his son, and says that Preston should be a real child, he has all his childhood ahead, and he wants so that Preston went home early, what? an hour ago you grilled him about his finances! so Preston asks everyone to leave and reflects when Quigley and the others rush into the house to make Preston pay, and therefore he finds himself in the final, which tears the house alone. Quigley is spinning in a ball, while Preston leads the trip. Card juice falls into the groin, and more and more tricks occur until the trio drives Preston into a corner, and when it seems all hope is lost, Shea and a bunch of guys from Special forces come to save the day, and so Quigley and his team are sent to prison, but there is hope for Preston and Shi? eat and she kisses him on the lips or what? what? what? The adult woman kissed the baby on the lips. come on she's mentally retarded? I mean, would an FBI agent who knows the laws of the country risk his career to kiss a child? she can be arrested on the spot! and the most terrible part of all this is not a farewell, and she will see him in 6 or 7 years! oh dear, and so he comes home to his family celebrating his birthday, so the moral of this story - can love and respect be bought? What do they smoke? The bottom line is that it is a waste of time, morality is broken, it is flat as a flat cake, the child is annoying, the villains are lame, the comic relief is not funny, the brothers are unattractive, dad is even worse Papa, who continued to make the matrix trilogy and two films about Spider-Man, so that people would not spend your money and instead go home alone. <br /> <br /> This was a review by Samuel Franco.
