Two years ago at the Berlin Film Festival, we watched Amos Kollek’s Sue film on Panorama, starring the wonderful Anna Thomson. This is a film about loneliness and sex, and how one is compensated by the other. In the same section of the festival, we now have to complain about Sue’s antithesis “Extension du domaine de la lutte”, which is now trying to convince us that loneliness and lack of sex is one and the same problem. But, unfortunately, we cannot sympathize with “our hero” (as the narrator calls him), because he was too and unknowably tired of the company and himself. Himself to blame, I'm sorry. I can't understand him. Not enough, the writer / director / actor wants us to admit to him that it was not his shattered self-awareness or the passivity of his personality that brought him so far, but the rotten society and his image of sexuality. Yes, there are some deeper ideas about gender relations, but for now we will not follow him ... And the fact is that there are some signs of thinking about his own role in destiny, without sex. Who has not noticed yet, this is a rather depressing film ... <br /> <br /> In the beginning there were some moments when it was possible to more accurately describe the situation. In the bed store, the “hero” talks about obstacles when buying a new bed. Maybe it's too wide to climb stairs, you have to sit at home for half a day ... This is a satire about a character who doesn't know what life and heart takes in hand, DOES something ... The film does not follow this path but helplessly copes with their characters. No one believes that "our hero" is able to provoke Tisserand to murder. Too boring, too kind and too passive (not to mention the Tisserand complex; he has a ban, but he certainly cannot be a murderer of women!). In conclusion: there are women and the world, this is not a device of the modern sexualized society. Help you as you can, but do not follow the messages and “wisdom” of this film, which declares the bankruptcy of human relations, not understanding the real conflicts inside.
