Anyone who likes predictable films with a terrible soundtrack, lack of dialogue, woooo cliches, as well as stereotypes that are typical of an American film, look no further. DreamWorks, whether he wanted to save money on acquiring voice talent, or really wanted to create an animated episode of National Geographic; in any case, they managed to create a rather boring and boring film. Spirit: The stallion of Cimarron is a boring holiday that sends mixed signals to children and adults, and does not entertain, despite the unsightly topic of animals triumphing over people. After watching the beautiful animations, you just have a big mess. <br /> <br /> Spirit is a stallion who looks pretty fistful from the very beginning of the film, because he is a horse that cannot be tamed, calmed or controlled. Because of this, he rises and becomes the leader of his group of energetic horses, which includes his mother. But his life of freedom and running around stops abruptly when he is captured by a group of Americans in the process of connecting the Wild West with the rest of the country. During this, Spirit (who never actually called it throughout the entire film) made friends with a brave Native American and a female horse, and also has many encounters with cynical and cruel army men who obviously do not believe in surrender. <br /> <br /> Why movies should combine computer animation with the traditional? It looks rather confusing, something Spirited Away suffers from. The best example is when a train chases the Spirit; You see a hand-drawn Spirit running out of a train with computer animation. It would look much better if it was one or the other, but not both; if you really can not implement some good effects. The famous beauty and the monster dance sequence uses computer animation, but it is not as obvious as the train or snow in this film. The initial sequence was the most attractive part of the film, partly sad to see the rest of the film slide down a little in terms of quality. A little scene has a few; I have in mind several similar shots of the general’s faces, in my opinion, rather repetitive and annoying. <br /> <br /> Children may like this film, but in the absence of dialogue, song and motivation, it can be an ideal technique for sleeping hyper-children. While Disney is criticized for animated musicals, they become much more fascinating than a more realistic approach to telling a story like this. Brian Adams has no place in this film, and why doesn’t Hans Zimmer use the western theme in this film when it's a story from the Old West? The soundtrack sounds a bit strange if you ask me. At least they use the realistic sounds of horses, two points for that. Nevertheless, if you are going to refrain from talking horses, why even so often interrupt the narrator, who, as it turned out, is the main character himself? <br /> <br /> Native Americans are good, and Western people are angry, killing natives, torturing horses, roaming, psychopathic monsters that must be destroyed. More or less, this is what the Spirit shows us. There comes a time when viewers are trying so hard to hate the travelers of the Wild West; they even had a scene with a few horses pulling a huge train up the hill, and another scene in which they destroyed an entire village of indigenous people. So, the man with whom the Spirit befriended, betrayed him more than once, but this is excusable, apparently, because he is not a soldier; or because he has a sassy female horse. <br /> <br /> The spirit is not exactly a sacrifice we should regret; It is assumed that the viewer should sympathize with the Spirit, despite the fact that he puts his entire horse group at risk, wreaking havoc and even, perhaps, leading to some deaths oversight, which are quickly cast aside because, oh no, the Spirit is in trouble ! This film becomes quite rhythmic, as we see in many cases, when the Spirit escapes from the chains, kicks people around, destroys property, frees horses, and then gets captured again - and everything is in the same order. The authors also seem to be obsessed with rocks because they are scattered throughout the film; for a movie about the Old West, they definitely have little room to wander. <br /> <br /> Bottom line: this is definitely not a Disney film, in fact it’s bad, although it was what they were aiming for. So instead of a typical musical, we get a boring movie that becomes predictable, boring and slow in many cases. Even decent animation becomes inconsistent when computer work is added. Everything in this film was just wrong; from the ideals that were then not native Americans, there were evil jesters, to the soundtrack and musical accompaniment, which seemed so far away. Killing Bill Tom 2, which to a large extent has nothing to do with the Old West, has more of a Western feel than this film. Do yourself a favor and completely miss it in every way possible. Thank.
