It's nice to see Oliver Stone, Brian DePalma, Al Pacino and even Michelle Pfifer make one monumental piece of cinematic trash. It is nice to see how people, rich and “successful”, spend their time on one of the most memorable, banal and pitiful parts of the cinema of all times. This film represents the worst of Hollywood. <br /> <br /> What is it? This is based on a true story. Well, they start with some basic news and facts that they read in the US today. But then the film goes to some fantasy world, and the “Cuban” refugee is going to do it in the American drug subculture; Kind of like Rocky on cocaine. Is this a movie about Cuba or Cubans? I do not believe that there is one Cuban in this film. The accents are completely fake, and the scene with Antonio's mother looks like a poster for the American values ​​of the Midwest. The whole scene looks like something from a Dick Van Dyke show. This film is about Miami? This is more like LA, moved to Florida. After all, a palm tree is a palm tree. This is a love story. The relationship between Pacino and Pfeiffer is so obvious from getgo, and there is not the slightest possibility that these two characters can ever take care of each other. Is this a film about drugs? Well, no problem obsession or addiction is even mentioned. The behavior of the actors after the line of cola is no different from the fact that they drank water. Admittedly, the game is terrible. <br /> <br /> Let's go back to the rest. The music is disgusting and sounds like Latin elevator music or something from a Lawrence Welk show. I think I heard polka? Camera work trashy with excessive movement and more cranes than ever can be effective. Obviously, the budget for the photos was excessive. The sound is bleached in many places, and the dialogue seems to be in stock. The letter is terrible. This is one of those films where the script writes itself. You are dragged from one banal fragment of dialogue to another, each pushing the plot like a bag of bricks. <br /> <br /> So, I'm going to ask, is this even a movie? It can be a drama series, stitched together for two and a half hours. But at least the drama series has some kind of focus. Maybe it's just a bunch of badly played scenes recorded together. Whatever it is, film or not, this is a piece of shit.
