THIS CONTAINS SPOILERS. <br /> <br /> I rarely saw such an incredible film like this one. And being French, he aspires to the depth, being mysterious ?? nothing really makes sense. <br /> <br /> Leo is gay and just announced at breakfast to his family that he is HIV-infected. The younger brother, Marcel, has not yet come to breakfast, and the first thing the family does is decide that at 12 he is too small to tell him. Maybe he was four or five, but twelve? The first absolutely incredible thing is that the family doesn’t even ask where and how it got the virus, how long did it know about it ?? nothing is asked. They are only worried about what Marcel will know. This is a very close-knit provincial family, but although they decide not to inform Marcel about either the HIV-positive status of Leo or that he is gay, the rest of the family accepts all this news without any questions or reactions. How many families do you know, where the parents / brothers will not have at least a FEW reaction to one of the members who declared that he is gay? There's nothing here. <br /> <br /> Leo decides that he needs to go to Paris to see his former lover. And he decides to go on a trip with all the people, Marcel. Do you know anyone who could take his younger brother with him to visit her lover? Again, absolutely unbelievable, especially since Marseille should not be aware of his medical problems or of his homosexuality. If this is how the family decided to let him find out, it is quite cruel and again incredible. <br /> <br /> Leo goes in search of his lover Aymerika to work in a Parisian bar. The owner says that Aymeric will not be there until the early evening. But why does Leo want to see him at work? Why not call and arrange a meeting with him in some more secluded place where they can really talk? Why not go and see him at home? But no, Leo appears later that day (with Marcel in tow) and is surprised when Aymeric does not just drop everything to go for a walk with him for 5 minutes. Aymeric tells him that he is no longer available, that Leo left him, and that Leo did not respond to any of his letters. Leo says, “But I love you,” and then leaves. But if he really loved Aymeric, wouldn't he have told him about his HIV status, to warn him to get tested and, possibly, get drugs? Would that be the least he could do ?? but not squeak. He leaves and does not even warn Aymerik that he might have become infected with the AIDS virus. Is it completely irresponsible on his part ?? and from directors; Was this film clearly made for a French TV show for young people ?? This is the perfect way to show children how to be responsible. Well, not here ?? I think that “every man for himself” is still the French way of doing things ?? Another aspect of the film that was completely unbelievable was the touchy aspect. Everyone always relies on someone, caress someone or kiss. Inside and outside the family. I have never seen anyone in France being so physical, let alone the whole family. Sitting at the table for breakfast, one 17-year-old brother sits on the lap of his older brother, and the older brother caresses his leg when everyone is discussing something around. How many brothers do you know who IT is physically close? In another scene, the same 17-year-old boy walks into Marseille’s room, asking, “What happened, are you awake?”, Then takes off her clothes and, completely naked, goes to bed with his brother and snuggles up to him as if they were lovers . This and another similar scene between Leo and Marcel gave the film a few incestuous sensations. Sorry, again, I do not believe that this is normal behavior between teenage brothers. <br /> <br /> The only thing I can say about the film is that the actors are all right? especially Marcel in the lead role. But really it was not enough? HIV and AIDS are too serious to present in such a vague and irresponsible light. At the end of the film, the family went to the cemetery to bury Leo, but Marcel remained outside him again. he was left in the care of a cousin (I think). Nevertheless, he slips away and watches the burial from afar. Is this what such a friendly family would do? It is absolutely incredible that they would not have included him in the funeral of his brother. It was the last scene of the film, and it was the last straw for this viewer.
