The recent boom of dating on TV screens in the USA has reached a feverish peak after the first episode of Bach. Since then, unsuspecting viewers have been exposed to countless clones and variations, including “Bachelorette Party”, “Millionaire Joe”, “For Love or Money”, and also “Spoiled America”. Hoping to cash in on this trend and at the same time activate and use the new demographics, Bravo released the destructive “Boy Meets the Boy” world. And may they have mercy on us all. <br /> <br /> The idea is simple and designed for a carefree person: a suitable gay man is taken care of by many suitors. but there is a twist. Half the men are actually straight. It does not matter much, but the viciousness inherent in this scenario begins after he has heard the payback: if at the end of the show a straight man in disguise chooses a straight man, then a straight man wins a prize money. Gay does not get anything, or at least nothing but a few farewell gifts, pats on the back and a heart round "Are you not confused? Well, thanks for the game! ”<br /> <br /> Like the equally painful“ Queer Eye For The Straight Guy ”(another Bravo program), this show is another example of crazy stereotypes. What is even worse is the fact that straight people entertain these stereotypes for cash. The producers of this show believe that all you have to do is put a sufficient amount of hair gel on the man's hair, dress up a pair of designer sandals in Abercrombie & Fitch, remove all body hair, fat and voila! This is tantamount to putting a white performer in a black face, and it’s just as insulting to those of us — like me — who are really gay and don’t dress / act like that. This implies that gays do not have differences or chances for individuality, that they cannot behave like real people, only as stereotypes. Never mind the fact that the bank of the plaintiffs really lacks diversity. All of them are in the gym, most of them are white, and all look too washed and washed. <br /> <br /> This is another example of how, instead of promoting the acceptance of gay people as dynamic personalities capable of changing and changing, Hollywood again took a stereotype and ran with it all the way to the bank. I feel really dirty watching this show, as shown by any gay who sees this shameless parade of legitimate television masquerading soft pornography. 1 out of 10
