I watched a full house when I was younger, and I can't understand why I did it. I do not remember that I really enjoyed the show. I think that I and most Americans watching this were hypnotized by its harmfulness. This will lead you into a trance state, and there is no turning back. I'm still scarred, but I'm trying to move on. I know that this is a family show, but this does not mean that it should be VERY bad. The show is SO cliche with each episode ending with a “conversation” with the father so that all problems will go away. All the characters in the show are disgusting. Everybody knows this when cleaning an obsessed, banal father who needs to be slapped on the face every time he appears on the screen. Then we have a supposed “uncle rocker,” who just has to look beautiful for moms who need to watch this shit. We have another completely stupid uncle who makes impressions of Bullwinkle (do I need to talk more about him). There is an older daughter who can not act and constantly whines about something. Then the middle daughter, who always says: "HOW GOOD!" almost anything anyone says. Finally, there is the youngest daughter Michelle. Don't make me start playing Michelle, but terrible actors, known as The Olsen Twins. If you believe in Christianity, I think you would associate it with the antichrist. She is always demanding, she tries her best to be “cute,” she constantly says: “Oh!” And rolls her eyes, which makes you want to hit her. I am not a big fan of using a lot of physical violence as a punishment for children. But in her case, I would agree. She needed it daily. She is the most selfish character ever introduced to the mainstream television. One example of this is when her uncle rocker is busy working in the attic. The guy decides to constantly annoy him and demand attention. He screams at her and she gets upset. POOR CHILD! The rest of the episode satisfies her emotional needs, and her uncle eventually apologizes to her. UGGHH! The show will lower your IQ along with the slow destruction of your will to live. I’m surprised that we don’t hear the news about a full house played in the background when the police find people who have committed suicide. Do yourself a favor and don’t watch replays. You thank me later.
