For most young viewers, they probably have no idea who Buster Keaton was. Therefore, because of this, they probably will not feel so sad when watching this movie like me. I turned out to be a silent comedy fan - I watch almost all Keaton films that still exist. My big fan made this movie very painful from start to finish. This is because during his quiet days Keaton was a very bright and creative comedian. He was amazing in his physical form, and his films were almost never boring. However, in the end, which film historians are still perplexed, at the end of a quiet era, Keaton abandoned his independence and became an actor in MGM. Instead of being a great creative force, MGM now considered Keaton exclusively as an actor - and they wrote scripts for him that did not respect what made him great. At first, these films with MGM were not so bad (for example, THE CAMERAMAN), but with the help of sound clips the studio really blew them up by putting it into several films with Jimmy Durant. Humor Durante was based on his gift for gab and was abrasive. Keaton, on the contrary, was calm and based on action. It is difficult to find two more dissimilar and incompatible actors. As a result of this deadly combination, Keaton made some truly horrible films. <br /> <br /> You can't say that “SPEAKING EASY” is a terrible movie. No, instead it’s just more time and surprisingly unfunny at that. In fact, if you enter the film, assuming it is a comedy, it will probably make the film harder to enjoy. Instead, it looks like a drama with several comedic elements. This is NOT a movie that will cause an enthusiastic laugh - especially for Keaton fans. <br /> <br /> The film begins in an unusual setting. Keaton is a college professor whose life teaches. He knows nothing about the world, and his nose is stuck in his books. By his strange act, Keaton's servant was deceiving him, forcing him to believe that Keaton had received $ 750,000 from a deceased relative - hoping that this would cause Keaton to get out and enjoy life. This is surprisingly contrived, but somehow he manages to work. Not very good, but it works. <br /> <br /> Keaton immediately leaves school and goes on a trip to New York to have fun. On the way, he meets an incredibly inept theatrical squad. Since he does not know anything about the world, he does not seem to understand that they stink. And since he considers himself rich, Keaton decides to take them all to New York to perform on Broadway. However, just before the show opens, his friends will find out that Keaton is NOT rich. So they decided not to talk to Keaton and try to keep him away from the process servers who want to close the show. They assume that if the show becomes a hit, then they will be able to pay off their debts, and everyone will be happy. However, they forget that the show itself stinks. What should they do? And, will Keaton get a pretty girl, get lost in the gold digger (Thelma Todd) or will he be left alone? If you care, watch the movie. <br /> <br /> As for Keaton, he has few tricks in the film, although in the end there are some fashionable ones. Instead, Keaton just walks around this little bit. There is very little love or hate in this film. It's just blah .... when it MUST be damn better.
