This one came out during the last breath of the Western genre; Unfortunately, this turns out to be very insignificant and generally unsatisfactory effort - even if it is done by veterans in the field and with them! Let's start with the fact that there is nothing remotely new in the plot: James Coburn escapes from the chain gang, intending to kill the man (now retired) who sent him there - Charlton Heston. While the latter sets a trap for him, Coburn outwitted Heston by kidnapping his daughter (Barbara Hershey). Naturally, the former lawyer - accompanied by the groom's groom, Hershey (Chris Mitchum) - sets off in pursuit of Coburn and his followers, who together with him broke the prison. <br /> <br /> Instead of pursuing a lawsuit in his McLaglen sticks to the traditional Subford style, adhering to the approach of Sam Pekingpah, with whom he is never completely relaxed: repulsive characters, a lot of violence and sexual tension caused by the presence Hershey among the lustful group of Koburn. By the way, Heston and Koburn previously appeared together in Sam Pekingapes Western - the problematic BASIC DANDE (1965; I really need to take the restored edition of this on DVD, although I recently recorded a theatrical version in pan and scan mode). format TCM UK). Be that as it may, the film is too general to give an elegiac mood, to which he clearly seeks (which also follows from the title): again, both stars have already paid a worthy gratitude to this most American genre - UIL PENNY (1968) for Heston and Coburn with Pat Garrett and Billy the Kid (1973)! <br /> <br /> At least, Heston maintains at least a little dignity here - his aging character is trying to get ahead of Koburn's half-breed, foreseeing what his next move will be; the latter, however, performs an unusually rough role and in fact reaches its peak only in the midst (savoring his moment of revenge, sadly forcing Heston to witness the group rape of his colleagues Hershey). In addition to the latter, in this lengthy sequence, Heston tries to deceive Coburn with a cunning borrowed from his own EL CID (1961), then the villainous gang is trapped inside a forest fire ignited by the practitioner Heston and the violent death of two outdated protagonists (as in his fashion, the death of Heston takes the form of a gratuitous sacrifice!). <br /> <br /> The cast includes Michael Parks as an inefficient city sheriff, Jorge Rivero as Lieutenant Coburn and Larry Wilcox from the CHiPs TV series! - as the youngest member of Koburn's gang, who is entrusted to monitor Hershey (making every effort not to let his slobbering comrades in!). Jerry Goldsmith brings an exquisite, but at the same time unremarkable result.
