First of all, my sincere condolences to everyone who bought a movie ticket in the hope of seeing the film in the same form as the fantastic “Girl and Local Hero” Gregory, but in the end left the theater disappointed and vaguely deceived. Although the prequels are true, as a rule, they exclude a few notable exceptions, are a mistake and exist only to give studio managers the opportunity to capitalize on the success of the previous film, offering us either a disguised re-reading of the original story or the Storyline is so far from the original ideas that The resulting film does not make sense. In the case of the "Girls" Gregory, Bill Forsyth has the dubious honor of committing both sins - on the one hand, to revise the plot of "The Girls of Gregory," while simultaneously developing a frankly incredible and moronic story with the participation of Scottish arms dealers. Schoolboy Gregory is now a teacher in the same school where, at the age of sixteen, he had a hopeless passion for football, playing in Dorothy. Although it is now thirty-five, Gregory still harbors hopeless passion, but now Francis plays for soccer, who is also sixteen, despite being a music teacher, Bel made it clear that she attracted him. His passion for Francis and his desire to impress her led to his participation in a scheme to expose a local arms dealer, who also turned out to be an old-school friend. It makes no sense to go further, since the rest of the story is forgotten, and the ending does not make any sense. The main problem lies in the character of Gregory himself, in that there are no signs of the sweet and charming sixteen-year-old Gregory, who actively and comically pursues Dorothy, convinced that he will eventually defeat her. At thirty-five, Gregory is presented to us as a rather sad and devoid of friends being whose life is neither active nor comical. Outside of work, he watches the video of Noam Chomsky and reads magazines about international injustice. Since his friends and family from the previous film seemed to have disappeared, with the exception of two meaningless scenes with his younger sister, who no longer gives him advice or is not interested in his life at all, we are confused about what Gregory really wants, who he is and why he is what he is. Why, for example, is he without friends? Why does he never see his father, who is clearly still alive? Why did he return to teach at the school he had attended? Why is he so interested in Noam Chomsky and injustice? Why did he become so apathetic? Why is he attracted to Francis? Why doesn't Bel attract him until the last twenty minutes of the movie? What, in the name of heaven, does Bel or Francis see in him, because he is neither awesome handsome, nor even interesting? Why does he keep trying to impress Francis, even after he and Bel became a subject, and when their association threatens to completely ruin his life? Do we really believe that a Scottish arms dealer who openly sells weapons of torture to repressive regimes will be able to evade verification by the media, but fail with a couple of schoolchildren? Does Gregory really think that dumping several computers into the sea will change anything? Worse, the actor John Gordon Sinclair is trying to rephrase his play as a teenager Gregory, right up to facial expressions and awkward body language. Unfortunately, at the age of thirty-five it looks weird and vaguely creepy. In addition, it is difficult to feel sympathy or empathy for a teacher who has erotic dreams associated with sex with one of their students in uniform when they both lie on a pile of sports mats. Instead of being funny, it just smells of pedophilia. It’s hard to understand what was going on in Bill Forsyth’s mind when he was writing this script, or why he thought that the fans of the original film would accept a story so devoid of charm, wit and warmth that turned the first film into a classic. I can only assume that it was planned to create a film about a man who refused to grow up and devoted himself to adulthood, and perhaps the happiest memory of which was sixteen years old and the pursuit of the most beautiful girl in school, but which is gradually forced to agree that life in the past is not life at all. At the very least, this could be the basis of a film that was thematically interesting and clever. Since Gregory's “Two Girls” is putting up 116 wasted and meaningless minutes, saying nothing and even less. The girl Gregory was responsible for the start of Bill Forsythe's career, and we hope that the Two Girls Gregory will not be responsible for drowning her.
