A few days before blood and sex took over, real horror films were made. Castle of Blood, in my estimation, is one of the best, although other reviewers gave it mixed ratings. In a strange way, it resembles the more recent "Others" that were in theaters a couple of years ago. <br /> <br /> Director Antonio Margheriti redid his own film in 1970, calling it this time the “Network.” Spider (AKA Nella Stretta Morse del Ragno). Why he did that, I don’t understand, although Anthony Franzioz and Klaus Kinski acted in the remake, and he was very good in his own right. Perhaps he saw a good story and wanted to adapt it to the American audience. I dont know. Interestingly, he made the original in black and white, and a remake in color. <br /> <br /> Castle of Blood is an excellent Italian gothic. La Danza Macabra is said to be the unpublished work of Edgar Allen Poe, who “appears” in this film. By and Lord Blackwood, the owner of the haunted castle, argued with the American writer Alan Foster (George Rivière) that he would not be able to spend the night of all the souls in the indicated castle and survive. Foster readily accepts the bet, but soon regrets it, as he is witnessing a series of ghost murders. It seems that ghosts come back to life once every few years, but are doomed to repeat the crimes they committed during their lifetime. It is convenient for Lord Blackwood to forget to tell Foster that he needs blood to resurrect himself on the next night of all souls! <br /> <br /> Foster and the beautiful Elizabeth Blackwood (depicted by the incomparable Barbara Steele) do not need much time to fall in love, even if their novel is doomed because Elizabeth is one of the ghosts. I will not play the ending, but simply say that “The Castle of Blood” is a romantic tragedy, because it’s a terrible story. <br /> <br /> Comments. This film is very atmospheric, even by the excellent standards of the Italians. My personal opinion is that they make real horror better than anyone, and a little dull black and white shooting only reinforces this. In fairness, the Web of the Spider was good in itself, even with color and more brightness. I liked the protracted cadre to which most modern directors have no patience. In fact, when Alan enters a doomed castle for the first time, we turn to the fact that for a few minutes he does nothing but wander around the room from the room, fear and anxiety accumulate in his face and manners. By the time the first ghost appears, the audience is fully prepared and ready. There is a wonderful dialogue between Alan and the ghosts, something else that is not often done in standard ghost stories. There are also memorable scenes, very visual for this type of film. Elizabeth's “Murder” and the dance scene (reminiscent of a somewhat similar dance of ghouls in the Carnival of Souls, 1962) were particularly good. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, few viewers of general interest have ever heard of them, much less see this film. It's a shame, because it's a cut above the rest. I received my copy from Sinister Cinema and am not sure that you can buy it anywhere else. For those who are interested in this genre, this is a must see.
