Jochen Hick wrote and filmed this small thriller in an unknown film based on the concept that the AIDS virus was a sheep virus that the government mutated to rid the world of gays, and was apparently tested on those convicted in the years preceding the outbreak of a terrible disease. If it were not for the severity of the concept of the film, it would fall into the category of many films about the destruction of the world by an unrestrained, non-destructive infectious organism. <br /> <br /> Stefan (Tom Vlasiha)) travels from Berlin to San Francisco to investigate his father’s scientific assumptions about the sheep virus and its consequences for prisoners with whom he was infected. He meets some contempt and resistance from the dead theory, but also meets some people who know this theory and support his research. Simultaneously with his visit, a series of serial murders takes place, each victim is killed in a similar way, and each murder is obviously accompanied by the sounds of music from Puccini's Turandot opera, which, as it turned out, opens at the San Francisco Opera. Police investigator Louise Tolliver (Irit Levy) and her police companion (Cullen Parker) follow the murders, while Stefan bypasses sex clubs and bars in San Francisco, trying to find men who may have been experimental rabbits according to the theory my father. He meets a strange guy, Jeffrey (Jim Talman), with whom he is attracted to cats and mice, and an outstanding doctor Burroughs (Richard Conti), who, oddly enough, is involved in a group of suspects. How it all ends is a play of the film, a story about Stefan and Jeffrey about self-identification, as well as an investigation into the killings. <br /> <br /> While Tom Vlashyha, Jim Talman and Richard Conti do their parts well (they are the only three who have any previous acting experience in the film!), the quality of the film is significantly degraded due to less acceptable minimally talented Irita Levy and Kaylin Parker: when on the screen the credibility of the story falls below zero. There are some small cameos of other actors who decorate the screen for the moments when they dwell, but Mario del Monaco’s recording of the opera “Nessun dorma” is drowning in the entire film - and this seems to be the reason for making the film! A good idea for the film and some good characteristics of the actors, but there is no resolution of the original premise, which marked the beginning of everything. Grady Harp, February 6
