The story "Astronoat returns to Earth as a mutating monster" became extinct in the 1950s, mainly due to the scientific fact that traveling beyond the orbit of the Earth does not cause people to turn into mutated monsters, and that the first film using this story is THE QUATERMASS EXPERIMENT was the only worthy sci-fi film that used the idea. So the idea of ​​having a redundant plot return seems doomed from the very beginning. Alas, I look the INCREDIBLE MAN, it seems that the plot is the least of his problems. <br /> <br /> First of all, this is an incredibly poorly filmed movie. The budget is in numbers, and I'm talking about liras, not dollars. There is no cinematography to talk about, and there are countless errors in editing. For example, a photographer takes his (barely legal) model for a photo shoot. A frame where the sun is right behind the model, then a photographer's frame, where the sun is right behind it, and then a model where the sun is ... <br /> <br /> Lack of budget draws the film down in other aspects. According to the trivia page, the budget was so low that manufacturers could not get shots from Saturn, so when astronaut Steve West mentions how beautiful Saturn looks, we get shots with the sun. In fact, the sun gives the most impressive results in the film, since human subjects will not be used in a porn studio. If I had appeared in this, I would not have been frightened by a monster of the same name — I would have been frightened by shrapnel from the rest of the cast. Perhaps we should forgive a little, for the apparent lack of a budget is manifested in such things as actors who have to wear their clothes. For example, the general does not wear his beautiful costumed uniform complete with medals - he wears a denim jacket and a baseball cap. <br /> <br /> For a film like this, there must be a delay of disbelief, but it fails at every level. The tone is set at the beginning of the film, where Mr. Meltie kills the nurse and escapes from the hospital. Instead of calling the police and saying that the murder occurred, Dr. Nelson simply decides to track down his patient in the same way that he searches for the missing cat. It is also strange that a completely decomposing deadly monster can walk along the road without anyone noticing, but this is typical of a film where excited 70-year-old people stop their car on dark roads for quick access, and people carelessly mention that their wife is pregnant, forgetting to tell the police that there is a monster in freedom. <br /> <br /> INCREDIBLE PLATER - Z-class trash. Of course, I can understand why people like this film because it reaches the heights of “This is so bad, this is good”, but apart from the impressive effects of Rick Baker's make-up, this is nothing but a very guilty pleasure.
