I thought that the main character, an astronaut with a bad case of jogging (in his case, his skin, hair, muscles, etc.) could always get more work in the cinema after he was turned into a puddle. All he has to do is apply for a job as a Blob. The premise of this click is rather lame. I think that the astronaut is exposed to solar radiation, and on a hot day begins to act like ice cream. This is not only a mystery, but, obviously, it must kill people and consume their flesh to maintain the integrity of the cells. BUT? Have you ever noticed that whenever a radiation accident or experiment occurs, a person instantly turns into a killing machine? Why is this so? <br /> <br /> An astronaut hid himself at night from a “secret object” (which has no security), losing parts of himself as he walks. Obviously, he has enough memory to make him go to the launch pad, perhaps because he wanted to return to space. <br /> <br /> This is the beginning of that part of the film, which is largely filled by the fact that the doctor wanders around with the Geiger counter, trying to find a melting person by the sound that he makes. He kills a stupid fisherman like Bill Gates, scares the little girl in the spirit of the movie about the monsters of Frankenstein and finishes off the stupid older couple (punishing them karmically for stealing lemons). Then there is a short scene where he beats his former general, and a very long scene where he kills a young dummy and pursues his girlfriend. You might think that after she cuts off his hand and he runs away, the scene will change. But no ... we turn to ten minutes when the woman huddles in a corner, gasping and screaming in horror, although the monster is gone. All I could think about was ... the director's girlfriend, anyone? <br /> <br /> The end of the film is worse than anything else. The melting person ends up turning into a bunch of mucus, and then ... nothing. That's all. This is the end of the film. Well, at least it meant that there was no room to continue.
