Emma - my favorite novel, Jane Austen - Emma, ​​despite her flaws, is benevolent, so readers can forgive her and love her, as well as the relationships she has developed with Mr. Knightley, warm, familiar, respectful, but playful, generating this warm , Mr. Knightley's fuzzy romantic excitement is the perfect man, and Emma is as close as you could in those days to an independent, intelligent, self-confident woman - remember, she is only 21 years old, and she must have matured and grown out of her shortcomings. Who doesn't want to be Emma? Who doesn't want Mr. Knightley to dissuade him? This version of Emma does not give you an understanding of what I love in Emma. I couldn't even finish watching it, I just found it so badly. I could not see that warm, generous side of Emma, ​​which makes the reader love her: the patience and warmth that she shows to her father; the closeness between her and Mrs. Weston, who demonstrates her willingness to put her friend's happiness above her own (because she sacrifices the only equal partner in her house, directing the marriage to Miss Taylors). The character of Mr. Woodhouse in this adaptation seems strange, not strange, elderly and a little trying. <br /> <br /> This adaptation, which is the most important, does not help to realize the relationship of Mr. Knightley and Emma. Their relationship is built on mutual respect and affection: Mr. Knightley indulges Emma's minor mistakes, believing that her mind and sincere concern for others will never allow her to lose her way terribly; and Emma looks at him, though playfully hiding it and continuing to use her own judgment. The dressing he gives her at the very beginning of the show completely exaggerates the dispute between them and destroys all possibilities to depict the nature of their relationship, as I described above. Mr. Knightley is also not attractive enough to revive sexual tension between the hosts (or to cause admiration from the audience). <br /> <br /> Really awful. I can't understand why someone who truly likes Emma's novel can like it, unless it miraculously redeems itself after I turned it off.
