Except for about 10 sublime minutes from HB Warner on the heavenly train, it was 94 minutes of amazing horror! The game was terrible, but the story is something that I really found terrifying. The action was wooden and unnatural, even by the standards of early conversations (with the exception of Lee Tracy and HB Warner, none of whom can be wrong). Rose Hobart was absolutely horrible and lifeless, like Julie (as she was in the 1932s, Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde, a great movie). And the rest of the actors were worse; there were no words to describe their horror. <br /> <br /> Worse than acting, however, was the story. For some unknown reason, Julie loves Lilia, who rides and enjoys women without any redemptive qualities. He marries Julie, but does not support her, instead he lies in bed all day or hangs out with his criminal friend (Lee Tracy). And, oh yeah, he never had a kind word to say Julie, and he hits her regularly. However, Julie loves him and constantly justifies him, which only makes him more offensive. Even worse, this film presents this story to us as a love story. Somehow, we should see Julia as a noble character, whose pure love redeems Liliom. WTF? <br /> <br /> The last 1/3 of this film takes place after Liliom committed suicide (the robbery plot goes awry, and Liliom plunges a knife, and not the police take it away). Dying, he says to Julia: “I beat you all the time, but I don’t feel sorry.” When he finally dies, she finally tells him that she loves him. (No character ever said “I love you” to another while they were alive.) After his death, the Chief Magistrate of God gives Lilyom another day on earth so that he can “do something good” for his unborn daughter. The price for it is 10 years in hell. After 10 years, Lilioma is allowed once on earth to see her now 10-year-old daughter. He approaches her in the courtyard of her house and tries to persuade her to allow him to "do something good" for her; he tries to get her to play cards, he tries to give her Gabriel's horn, but she is not interested and gives him a rebuff. Therefore, he slaps her. Is he. The slaps. Her. And then he disappears back into the afterlife. Looking, we see his daughter tells Julie about it. The girl says that the slap didn't hurt, that it was like a kiss. This should be a magical moment of the movie. The girl asks her mother if this is possible, and Julia replies that "someone can beat you, beat you and beat you, and do no harm at all." Then the music swells, and Liliom rises to heaven in a heavenly train. BLECH! <br /> <br /> In this film there was one saving grace, and this interview between the main judge (G. Warner was really great here) and Liliom in the sky train. The magistrate had some very deep words to tell Lilio about life, second chances and death. This scene alone made me raise my rating from 1 to 2 stars. Considering the suicide of Liliom as a means of avoiding his problems, the magistrate says: “People believe that when they die, their difficulties end for them. You thought that by killing yourself you would cancel all your duties. It's not easy. On Earth, your name is still pronounced, your face is still remembered. As long as the one who remembers you remains, until the matter is finished. Until you are completely forgotten, you will not put an end to the Earth, even if you are dead. "Some great transcendental things are among the most terrible debris I have ever seen. <br /> <br /> By the way, this story, Apparently, she was repeatedly shot as “Liliom” and the musical “Carousel”.
