Universal's response to the Exorcist is not very good. Unfortunately, the film offers a soft, unimaginable guide from Michael Winner, who wastes an outstanding cast with a script that fills crater-sized plot holes. Not to mention the fact that it is unbearably stupid to never explain some key elements of the story. <br /> <br /> Model Christina Raines moves to a high-rise building owned by the Catholic Church, with a creepy, blind priest, John Carradine, who is hiding from his eyes. there is always at the window. She begins to suffer from weak spells and nausea. Worse, tenants she meets in the building, such as Burgess Meredith (with a cat and a canary!) And young Beverly D'Angelo as lesbians. Ava Gardner (looks great at 55) is a realtor who showed Reins this place. Christine's lover is Chris Sarandon, whose wife "committed suicide" upon learning that they had an affair. José Ferrer plays the small role of the “Priest of the Brotherhood,” who informs Monsignor Arthur Kennedy to be careful, heading for a very high-rise building in which not only Carradine, but also Raines. One night, Sarandon sends a hired hand to a high-rise building to check out the room above Christina’s apartment, where she heard a metallic clank and other loud noise. That same night, he is dead the same night when Christina "kills" her DEAD father in a nightmare. Screaming in the street, Christine does have blood that makes police detective Eli Wallach and his partner Christopher Walken investigate with confidence that all this somehow leads to Sarandon, a hot lawyer who once beat a police officer to suicide an entire wife. . This case is indeed a motivating factor for Wallach’s stubborn approach to finding out whose blood was really on Christine, and whether Sarandon has anything to do with it. You also have Martin Balsam as a professor who understands this type of Latin Christina in a mysterious way and understands unbiased actors, such as Jeff Goldblum as a fashion photographer and Tom Berenguer as a person interested in this particular room that has become available in that very room (now repaired)) that Christina once stayed! What worries me most is the lack of explanation. By the end of the film, Wallach and Walken are forgotten, and we can only wonder why they just started the investigation. Their characters just stayed in the background. As priests know that “now is the time” when a certain person will die and must be replaced in order to guard a certain gate in this high-rise building, and why Christina suffers from the trauma she does is not explained properly. The way some ghosts only seem to Cristina and disappear when she tries to show Gardner the rooms they occupied during the birthday of the cat (see for yourself) is not properly explained. Not to mention the role of Gardner in the grand design of things ... she leads people to this high-rise building, but what are the real reasons for it in the film? It seems that this film should have been longer and clarified things left lost for a hasty conclusion, which is just ridiculous when it should be scary.
