The prison is located in Wyoming, where work on the new prison is a problem, so the state council decides to reopen the old state prison, which has been closed for 20 years, for which the prison director Eaton Sharp (Lane Smith) is responsible. 200 strange prisoners are sent to prison, and they are sent to work on repairing an abandoned prison, including Burke (Viggo Mortensen), who is ordered to break into the old execution cell, he duly undertakes, but when he penetrates the bricked door, an intense ray of light shoots and all electricity, gas and fire around the prison goes insane for a few minutes. Burke unwittingly unleashed a deadly evil force that is set to kill, and no one is safe ... <br /> <br /> Director Renny Harlin I thought Prison was a terrible horror film from the late 80s that seemed to forget about the little things of history. The script was written by Empire Pictures Permanent Representative C. Courtney Joyner, who was responsible for writing such “classics” as “Class 1999” (1990), “Puppet Master III: Revenge of Toulon” (1991) and “Puppet Master against Demonic Toys” ( 2004), among others budgetary nonsense of horrors, about which even I have not heard and seem to take myself very seriously. The biggest problem I encounter in prison is that it is too slow, it takes more than 30 minutes before the “evil power” is released, although the pace does come to an end, but by that time it was too late . as for me, it is a fact that there is no noticeable storyline here at all. For starters, he never tries to explain why the “evil force” is laid in the old execution chamber, he never explains why this force decides to kill random prisoners, when it should be on a revenge mission, or why it simply does not do that. ” To kill Guard Sharpe right away, no explanation for where Burke fits into it is not given, although he looks just like a prisoner who was electrocuted and returned, there is no real explanation for how the Guardian is related to everything except for two early nightmares, in which he seems to remember something, though it never reveals what it is and why. Frankly, I could not give you a brief overview of the plot, because the film does not have a hard story, which it follows to the end. The character is boring and easily forgotten, killings are rare and far from each other, a step ahead, the whole movie is in disarray, and even ghosts cannot shoot straight when it comes to trying to shoot a hero. A less than satisfactory way to spend more than 100 minutes, indeed, there are better things you could do. <br /> <br /> Harlin’s full debut in America does an excellent job with his job, and the atmosphere is decent, but an hour later there are more permanent dull, boring, dark prison cells and corridors, I got bored. I just think that the look of the film is too repetitive, soft and frankly lifeless. I didn’t think it was scary, and the blood was pretty boring, except for the best moment in the whole movie when a police guard was killed, when a load of barbed wire wraps his body and his face with a beautiful close-up of his throat tearing to pieces and a mutilated body that falls from the ceiling and quite a bit different. There is a scene when the warden burns all the prison mattresses in front of them, and then makes them stand all night in their underwear in the yard, I watched this scene and thought that you would never get away with doing something like that. Here, prisoners have rights, and if the warden did something like that, then all these humanities would have a national protest, and every prisoner would sue the warden, the prison service and the government for all that they had, and have won! <Br /> <br /> With an estimated budget of about $ 4,000,000, the prison actually had a fairly healthy budget, although on screen it doesn’t look like that, of course, the decent cast and some special effects included are good, but overall it’s installed in the same place with limited ambitions. The prison was actually shot at a real prison in Wyoming, so it certainly looks like a business. The game is fine, Prison proves that Hollywood stars sometimes have not only one horror film skeleton in their closets, but in the case of Mortensen he has two and a terrible return of the Texas Chainsaw Massacre (1994), both of which I am sure that he would like to forget about ... <br /> <br /> Prison is a boring, lifeless, colorless and humorless waste of 100 minutes, despite one good scene that I didn’t like, since I really I prefer to have a story in my films, rather than seemingly random events tales not related to narration.
