I, too, but this film, unfortunately, is one of those films that are too bad to be good and too good to be terrible, which makes it completely pointless and just a waste of time. There is nothing more uninteresting than a mediocre film, and “My name is modesty”: whatever the subtitle, it takes mediocrity to a new level. He is full of bi-actors, but not at all cheerful, because he takes himself seriously. It turns into a thriller, but then turns into some kind of adult-style drama. Beautiful Alexander Staden, strangled beyond recognition under make-up, more like the cast of Top Model, than Modesty Blaise. I'm not one of those crazy comics that want every adaptation of his precious “graphic novels” to be flawless - in fact, I never even read “Blaise's Modesty” - all I wanted was a decent movie to watch, but it was wrong. The film seems unfinished, with a weak and very unconvincing conclusion to a rather weak plot. It also takes its audience for idiots, explaining to us every tiny detail of the plot and showing memories of the events that happened three scenes ago (I think they think that we all have Alzheimer's). <br /> <br /> Now I love a good B-movie - what could be better than just turning off the brain and swallowing the cinematic equivalent of Calzone? - and “Modesty” is directed by none other than Scott Spiegel, who brought us the wonderful film “From Dusk Till Dawn 2: Texas Blood Money”! I loved “From Dusk Till Dawn 2,” because he brought everything that a bad B-film had to bring to the table - naked bodies, blood, weapons, you call it. "Modesty" is just boring. The memory of the life of Modesty is not interesting. The game is not so bad that people laugh at it. In fact, I liked the performance of Nikolai Coaster-Waldau (hey, mate, pseudonyms - your friends!) Like a villain. <br /> <br /> In general, it just sucks. Weak. Uninspired. Call it what you want. Don't look at anything, because Tarantino represents this, folks. It's just a very memorable, indecisive thriller, and he never tries to be something big. Let me conclude this review with a very weak pun (seriously, even I cling): My name is Modesty: a modest waste of time - 4/10
