I grew up reading “Blaise's Modesty,” both comics and books, and she really is a heroine for me. Despite the fact that I was not a big fan of Quentin Tarantino, I was still interested to hear a few years ago that he was considering the possibility of making her film: can he finally give Modesty a good, good screen on the big screen she deserves? I heard about “My Name Is Modesty” a few months ago and checked the stars that were given to him, and I wasn’t too surprised to find out that the score wasn’t too high because it’s often difficult for my favorite characters to melt the fans. ” heart, if not done right. So I decided not to read the reviews and not to watch the film, and I just finished watching it, and I am stunned, and sad, and yes, also quite furious. It’s sad and fierce to spend more than an hour seeing something as incredible as turning the character of Modesty Blaze into a movie that has nothing to give to a viewer or a fan. <br /> <br /> It seems that almost everything About this movie is not enough, and I have to admit that I have seen some actors in other films before, where they were fine, so I can't blame them. But the script and direction ... God, why even make this kind of crap with a production value a bit more than your regular TV movie, but much worse? I don’t know the background of this film, and in fact I really don’t want to know, but I just can’t help but wonder how the hell can Tarantino with an imperturbable face say that he loves Modesty and then put his name on this ? He just lost tremendous respect in my eyes. The director was not the right person for this work, and I can honestly thank him for spoiling my night. <br /> <br /> I give this movie 3 stars, and these stars get actors and technical quality, which could have been worse. The remaining seven stars are gone - this is what this film was not good at. Oh, well, we hope that at some point there will be a serious production of The Modesty Blaise, which has other goals besides stealing money from Modesty fans. Although, if people like Tarantino make decisions, I do not hold my breath.
