The 1980s Ulli Lommel film “The Man-Booger” is not a classic, but it’s a low-budget chiller that’s worth seeing. The 1983's Boogey Man II sequel is ultimately a waste of time, but at least entertaining, if not taken seriously. Now I left the door open for the next continuation, and I, for one, would not have seen at least one more. One day, while watching a video in a store in a mall, I came across a film called “Return of the boogie-woogie.” When I found out that it was a continuation of earlier films, I was glad to pay a few bucks for it ... I should have known better. Despite the fact that the first title is “Boogey Man 3”, this is not a continuation of those two films that I mentioned above. Well, not exactly. <br /> <br /> Pros: Ha! This is a laugh. Is there anything good in this piece of cow dung? Let's see ... he has shots from the movie "Boogie Man", and ... fortunately, he is short. Yes, that's all. <br /> <br /> Cons: where to start? Decisions, decisions. First of all, this film is a bore. He moves from one scene to another without any remotely interesting or scary events. The game is tough at best. "Actors" are, most likely, friends of the director, who have not had any acting experience before, and probably since then. The plot does not exist, and the script is written unreliable. The direction is just awful. The director is trying to make the film look like an arrogant farce, forcing the camera to move, lights and filters flicker, but adds nothing. Music is boring and hard to hear in parts. Links to the original do not work. Suzanne Love's character name was Lacey, not Natalie! And the events depicted at the beginning of the original did not occur in 1978. In addition, if there are 3 in the title, why is there no mention of what happened in II? Finally, it adds nothing new or interesting either to the series or to the genre. <br /> <br /> Final thoughts: the people behind this waste of time and money should be ashamed of themselves. It’s one thing if it was an original film that was the first and lame for the director. But instead, it should be a continuation of the film, which is not a masterpiece, but what the hell is much more interesting and more interesting than this one. If one more sequel happens in which I doubt, then you need to forget that it ever happened, and Lommel himself or someone who at least has an idea of ​​how to make a decent film can do it horror <br /> My rating: 1/5
