Let me just say that I loved the original Boogeyman. Of course, this is an erroneous horror cliche of the 80s, but these types of fun to watch! And plus it gave us something a bit different. So I gladly bought it, and, to my surprise, this film came along with it (in fact it was the only copy), so I thought “Oh, what the hell”, and bought it. Mistake number 1. That evening I was in the mood to watch a movie (that day I actually bought tons) and thought that this is the shortest of all that I bought, so I just look at it and take the bag. Mistake number 2. Yes, I heard how everything was bad, but I was ready to take a chance. <br /> <br /> So, after a few minutes in the film, and here is the first memory. At first I don’t think anything about it. Then a new video of the prediction of a chicken in the bathroom, and I like the direction in which it moves. Then the next shot, which is a little longer, and I sit and think, “Yes, I saw the first Boogeyman.” I know what's going on, so move! Then the next one appears, and I think he screwed it up and quickly went ahead. Then the last one (maybe I quickly went over the explanation, but why did she lay topless on the mirror? At least she could show them!), And I decided to quickly go through it, and then the climax and the film ended! WTF? What happened to the prediction? What happened to the dude with long hair (did he touch it or what?)? And more importantly, what kind of grass writer and director smoked when he did this terrible POS ?? !!! And what was the point? Did Annie have a memory of what happened in the first movie? Or was the material from the first movie happening at the same time? The latter can make sense because the striking of Face Tights happened in 1978, according to the characters in this film, and it was 15 years later. Wait, no, it won't! Because Lacey (which the film doubtfully renamed as Nancy! Was Uli too stupid to remember the names of the characters of her film?) It would be 20 years since she was 5 years old when this happened, and she was not only married to someone who looks 30 years old, but also has a child who looks around 7 and 10! Did she go during high school? And also, why should tights be after Annie? What does she have to do with the characters of the original film? And the GREAT HUGE MISTAKE of the FILM that I discovered in this film is that when the doctor writes in his notebook, does anyone notice that he just screams? Wow, how professional, Doc! So, what explains all the questions I asked above? This is a flawless film with no thought to put on it at all! I will try to find a copy of the original film that only comes with this film, and that’s all (maybe a couple of additional features, is there any special version yet?). Then I will return this DVD and hopefully this review and everyone else will prevent those who have not seen it from seeing it, and thus made the movie stores get rid of it, and this movie may no longer exist! Please let it be so! Sorry, this review is so long. I'm just mad at this movie, I had to somehow pour
