The grieving couple moves into a house on the mountain after losing their daughter, discovering that there may be ghosts, restless spirits of past inhabitants who have committed suicide. Julie Pike (Cherie Christian) blames her husband Allen (Greg Thompson) for the terrible death of their daughter due to the fact that she left the door unlocked and because of this marriage deteriorated. Julia remains in a zombie state, almost without emotion revealing distant and numb, only photographing a nearby abandoned prison, finding a striking image of a ghoul girl clinging to the cell bars. Although Allen sees nothing out of the ordinary, Julie continues to photograph, and we can admit that something is wrong. The local craftsman, Jim Payne (Scott Hodges), a rather distant guy who harbors a secret, becomes a dangerous threat when it turns out that his dead mother may have something to do with the refuges that occur with rations. Meanwhile, the neighbors who sold Pikes' cabin also become victims by abusing Bout's alcoholic beverage in relation to his wife returning to pursue him. Allen will investigate the history of his cabin, trying to solve a riddle about this place. <br /> <br /> In this grim, supernatural story with a multitude of ghosts moving in the background, almost every unhappy character. Chery Christian remains so meaningless and lost that it is incredibly difficult to contact her, despite the fact that you understand her plight. The acting, as is often mentioned, remains disappointing, because none of the characters will definitely catch on. I believe that this should be in their circumstances, but the problem that I faced was not to properly hug the rations because of their permanent state of detachment. Chery seems cold and detached, as I believe that mother usually happens when you lose a child in this way, but the icy nature made me beg inside to hug her, which I could never. I think that the right performers, even if the characters are experiencing emotional turmoil, can capture the hearts of their viewers if humanity turns to us ... in the case of this film, the presenters cannot do this for any reason, It could be me, I don't know . I wanted to take care of them, but nothing in the characters pulled the strings of my heart. Anyway, as the film continues, Allen slowly reveals certain truths and must defend himself against his wife, who has convinced herself that their daughter is among them, and she will no longer lose her little girl. Jim, an unstable neighbor who believes that in order to stop the persecution in the area, he has to kill rations, it becomes a life threatening threat. Ghosts remain the central part of the film, their presence, especially Jim's mother, is set everywhere, far away. The finale uncovers all of them, since Allen must find help for his wife, trying to interfere with Jim's mission. It was difficult for me to get into it because of my anxiety with the presenters and their characters.
