Ok, now what the hell is that supposed to be? Is this a family fantasy movie in which you can benefit from Spielberg's tremendous success, "Close Relations of the Third Kind"? Or a return to the glorious days of prehistoric epics, such as "When dinosaurs ruled the Earth" and "The Lost World"? Perhaps this is an intellectual and philosophical masterpiece that we all do not understand? Yes it must be so! Whatever it was, the creators of "The Day Time Ended" (good old John 'Bud' Cardos from the Kingdom of Spiders "and writer David Schmeller from" Tourist Trap ") must have sniffed out quite a lot of glue when they wrote down ideas for this crazy mix of genres. The story does not have the slightest sense, and the narrative structure is incoherent as hell, but, hey, who cares, as long as it has papier-mâché dinosaurs, miniature spaceships, light and laser show headaches and spontaneous igniting supernovae! Voice-overs are almost not heard, but do not worry, because all this is meaningless! Did you know that the definition of "time" is not what we all think it is? Time does not necessarily pass in chronological order, this is one giant paradox! Words that were spoken thousands of years ago are still spreading now, and even things that will happen in the future already surround us. I have no idea what all this means, but apparently this is an easy excuse to put together funny aliens and well-bred dinosaurs on the screen. I deliberately say educated dinosaurs, because at a certain moment one of the prehistoric monsters politely knocks on the front door before threatening its targets. The crazy plot revolves on a family of eccentrics living in their sunny home in the middle of nowhere. The grandfather is very annoying, the granddaughter is even more, the grandmother is a billboard with walking and talking advertising for plastic surgery, the youngest son looks strangely like Prince Valiant, and the young mother - ?? incredibly hot! Chris Mitchum for some reason is also pointlessly wandering around the set as the husband of a hot mom on a business trip. Special effects are just stupid and absolutely ridiculous (I sincerely hope that another reviewer who spoke of “excellent special effects” was sarcastic), but the most ingenious aspect here is the dialogues! Just read this amazing example of an unusual letter: <br /> <br /> Grandpa: “You know what it is, don't you? This is the deformation of space-time! <br /> <br /> Stevie: "I'm not quite sure if I know what that means, Dad" <br /> <br /> Grandfather: "Well, I think no one knows" <br /> <br /> Decide, grandfather! You know what it is or not? And stop talking about "Whirlwind", as if you are some kind of expert in this area! "Finished time" is incredibly childish and you should not worry about fantasy film , although I can fully understand that some of his fans cherish the film because they saw it at a young age and were fascinated by the bright effects. The ending completely flows out of nowhere, as if they suddenly ran out of money, or as the effects of the mushrooms they ate, suddenly exhausted.
