I have to say that I was disappointed with this film. I have never been a big fan of BNL, I find their songs childishly and obsessively nostalgic (I’m in grade 9 if I had a million dollars, a shoe box of life, etc.). Nevertheless, I saw clips of their live performances, and I really like the improvisational and confused nature of the show. I was hoping that this film would highlight this, which, unfortunately, is the most interesting part of the show, because their music is well played, but still somehow soft and not very convincing (in the middle there is a worthwhile bass solo, which was completely meaningless and boring despite how much Jim Crigan was digging himself). The film does not show and shows only a few minutes (and you know that they had the best moments, like at a concert in Afghanistan "Koffee Anan, he is a responsible person, my name is Steve Page, and I am really big"). <br /> <br /> BNL is kind of like when I went to Europe several years ago and heard this damn "Blue" song Effeil 99 or something else every 2 minutes, I came back to Canada, and then a month later this song was everywhere * again *, I almost tore off my hand. BNL is such, many years ago I remember many warm memories of how I sat by the fire in Canada and listened to people playing "If I had a million dollars." BNL was a cult phenomenon in Canada, and most of their humor has a special Canadian bias (Kraft Dinner is the main product for many students here, and the name Gordon is essentially Canadian). into obscurity, and I was somewhat grateful. Then they suddenly become huge in the States, and everyone there thinks that they are a completely new group (yes, they are completely new, but they are all over 30!), While the rest of Canada goes "Oh" Gosh. thought these guys folded a few years ago, should I again listen to "a million dollars"? <br /> <br /> The video of the concert is not bad, but I would like to see more of their routine, the filming is not so good, and things like the clips from their massive free show in Boston are too quickly clasped. The interview is amazingly boring for such a ridiculous group of guys, I think they are all old, they have families, houses and all that, and they calmed down a bit. At times they get into a material like Spinal Tap, where they carry a ruthless satire, then they laugh and giggle that it destroys it all. Interviews with Moses Znaymer (Canadian media mogul) and Terry David Mulligan (musical dude) are extremely pretentious and inadvertently border on Tep territory. <br /> <br /> This film is in fact not well documented either, I mean this is basically one show, and at the beginning of the film they are already huge and have a huge touring entourage, we don’t see them rise from of obscurity and “surprise”, they are popular, this is a methodically planned event, so in the end, it’s rather a lifeless, half live concert, half documentary, and not that much. <br /> <br />
