Dude, it's really hard for me to believe that the wonderful Alan Ball is somehow connected to this mess. After watching the first two episodes to date, I can say with confidence that this show will not be on my list of must-see. Just so much work against that. <br /> <br /> None of the actors are particularly good. Anna Paquin, like Suki's main character, is just awful. I remember that she was better in many other things in which I saw her, so maybe this is just a text. It is also not very fun to watch, there are times when, frankly, it looks completely ugly. The actor who plays Bill is a little better, if only because his character must be kind of wooden and alienated. Other actors do their best, but with cliché heroes with difficult accents, they get hard work. Tara - the absolute misery, look, Rutina Wesley absolutely kills the accent. It’s like nails on a board badly. Nelsan Ellis is almost as terrible that it is sometimes difficult to understand what he is saying. Both his character and Tara also seem to me a bit racist. I don't know when a character says “Whycome” on an HBO show that is not The Wire, it just seems a little strange. The evasive grandmother Sookie, her sex brother-drug addict, and the only genius cast that I saw in William Sanderson as sheriff are completing his acting career. <br /> <br /> The story seems to be wandering the destination at this point, without real concern about maintaining the interest of the viewer. Romance is very Dark Shadow-sy. Although it shows the camp factor from something like those old episodes of “Dark Shadows” about ten times. At times it seemed to me so polite that I just had to assume that it was. But unlike a show such as Buffy, who skillfully failed the camp, this show does not. Inappropriate place on campus - extreme bloody and graphic sex series. I don't mind either when they are doing well, like in many other HBO shows, but here, at least, they are dragged out by rough sex scenes featuring Jason Stackhouse, which seem a bit excessive and meaningless. <br /> <br /> The only good thing I can really say about this mess is that I liked the initial sequence of headlines. Recently, HBO had a failure with their performances, I hope they canceled it after the first season and tried to get something better on the air.
