This show had a lot of hype, but I didn't know about it until the middle of the season (season 1). Someone even recommended a show to me. But I decided that if I was going to watch it, I would wait until the end of the season so that I could watch it in bulk. Because of the format of the show, I'm glad I was waiting. I think it would be rather annoying if almost every episode ended at the center of some sort of hanger, and then you had to wait another week to find out what happens in the next second of the story. <br /> <br /> For some reason, this show has managed to add too much sex. Jason will have sex with almost everything that moves. Immediately after he learns that one woman with whom he had sex, was killed, the next night he was in bed with another woman! Then Tara and Sam put it on, despite the fact that each of them knows that Sam is in love with Sookie. And for some reason, Suki is angry when she finds out about it later - even if she is sleeping with a vampire. One of the problems of the show is that he doesn’t care much about the characters. I really didn't care about Jason at all. Along with his endless pursuit of history, he was rude to the people who actually cared about him. After a few episodes, I wouldn't mind if they killed him somehow. For this reason, I was mostly not interested in the killings until Sookie’s grandmother fell victim (since the first two were more closely associated with Jason). <br /> <br /> Then, when Sookie and Bill have sex, the Story gets a few more plots. Tara's mother wants an exorcism, then an exorcist woman tries to convince Tara that she must have one to remove her own demon. I was not too worried about this exorcism thing, because I know that there are people who really believe in it. However, they spend little time to show that this is a farce right after Tara spent about $ 1,300 exile for her and her mother. At other points, some events happen too quickly. Jason continues to be a jerk, trying to sell his grandmother’s things to buy vampire blood, which is obviously a new crack or something. In his search, he finds this girl who will do with him V (vampire blood). They become tall, and for three days they fall in love with each other and kidnap the vampire for a permanent source of V. Another example is when Bill should go to the vampire court. He had gone only two days before Suki felt abandoned and began to wonder if he thought that the “politics of the vampires” was more important than hers. <br /> <br /> Cunning is not the strength of this show. You do not need to be a genius to understand what is happening with the local dog. Although my guess was not dead, it was not such a big surprise. But the finale of the two episodes was where it really became annoying, because it just pushed all the events off of your face, as if you couldn't understand it for yourself. When Tara gets into a car accident, the face of a naked lady with a pig is clearly visible, and it was easy to find out when she appears in prison for rescue. As if that was not enough, they later show the lady again with the pig in her house. Then it's time to complete the murder story. At the end of the penultimate episode, it turns out that Rene is not what he calls himself, and, most likely, the killer. In the last episode, they force Rene to be the killer in your face. Suki notices that it is strange that Rene's thoughts do not have an accent. I thought that was normal, as it adds Rene to fraud. But the next scene is full of incriminating evidence against Rene. They show that Rene has a ribbon Modett with a vampire, and his bride finds in one of the boxes of Rene a ribbon on how to fake a cajun accent. At the moment it was just ridiculous. I mean WE GET THIS !!! So blah blah blah everything happens. Bill almost kills himself by failing to save Suki, who still manages to kill Rene. They begin to set up season 2, leaving unfinished problems. The nude pig and Sam have a story, Lafayette is missing and could be killed. Jason is in the process of brainwashing to become a religious nut in some anti-vampire church - which makes me care less about him. <br /> <br /> It's amazing how many people absolutely love this show, I think I just expected this show to be better. I'm interested to see what happens in the second season, but if I watch it, most likely, I will wait until the end of the season.
