There are two kinds of characters on SHEET: people who try to do their best and do the right things, and people who unswervingly pursue their own interests and commit every mortal sin that they can, telling themselves and everyone else that they are heroes and the only hope everyone. “SHIELD” is more than any other show, about hypocrisy and self-deception. Unfortunately, the hypocrites and impostors are the heroes of the show, and therefore have an incredible immunity of the typical heroes of the fiction genre to being defeated or caught, and they again and again come out on top, making fools of all their peers. . <br /> <br /> The show boasts excellent camera work. Input and output signals are always excellent. This is truly a work of art to see. Unfortunately, this story is a caricature, a scenario of unfulfilled desires due to unreasonable violence, rape and lies. <br /> <br /> The hero, who drags everyone along an unsuccessful scheme after an unsuccessful scheme, is cunning as a militant brother. the cartoon character, always running away and making fun of all former deceivers (those who do not support him in his lies and crimes), automatically attracts any pretty woman who supports the character to come to the show, always reliving any attempt to bring him to justice and ALWAYS scratches your ears with their painful self-justification. If another policeman discovers that something is wrong with something he does and someone gets injured due to his actions, he always blames the suspect policeman, no matter what his schemes are and fictitious lies and doomed plans are always the cause. Everytime. <br /> <br /> Like 24, this show relies on tricks and innumerable delays to drag out its story for season after season. Boring, incredible long-term stories are entered into the storyline every season to provide a skeleton on which to hang bloody, perverted pieces of meat, which are the characters' corrupt actions and the inevitable hiding. <br /> <br /> However, the most disappointing of writers is pride when they try to change the sympathies of the audience back and forth, forming characters on a whim. Sometimes they want us to see the enemy in Shane. Sometimes they want us to see in him a poor misinterpreted soul. Sometimes they want us to see Vika as a dangerous, sexy dynamo. Sometimes they want us to see him as a poor guy with a heart of gold. Sometimes they want us to see Maru as a low nasty Jezebel. Then they think that if they show that she is sitting and discussing her dreams with Shane, we will find that she is sympathetic and tragic. <br /> <br /> None of these manipulations is suitable for obtaining the sympathies they want, Once they have shown that these characters destroy other people's lives for their own purposes, that's all. It is pointless to keep trying to flip back and forth. But then it also makes no sense to produce the seven seasons of these clumsy clowns, attracting each existing super model to their beds and managing the criminal syndicate directly from the police station, right in front of everyone.
