While in South Africa, a young, dark-skinned guy tries to play a role in the gangsta film. But, not knowing the street life, he was told to find out what this life really is, otherwise he will not get the role. He manages to infiltrate a gang headed by his old friend from school, and his chances of appearing in the film are reduced when he commits crimes to be accepted. But for the gang leader, a growing catastrophe in the life of his new friend offers a great opportunity to do something better with his. <br /> <br /> Although it may sound relatively interesting, it’s not at all. The first half of it is incredibly tortuous and tedious, while the “hijacking” only happens at the end with some very poorly performed races at low speeds. In these "chases" only two police cars are used, both of which belong to the beginning of the 90s Nissan Sunny's. Not only would they be pretty cheap (and it's hard for me to believe that they would use such old mundane cars in South Africa in 2000), but, as I recall, only 2 of them participate and none of them got a scratch once. Car chases are very poorly shot, with distant and poorly synchronized camera angles and minimal traffic on the roads, and they end in a maximum of 2 minutes, since you have to believe that a very young child is actually a very experienced driver who can easily evade the police despite the fact that driving is pedestrian and completely uninteresting. This now leads me to characters and acting that are equally bad. The aforementioned child who drives a car looks about 13 years old and is supposedly extremely skilled at losing incredibly inept police. All the others are equally unconvincing, so much so that even the people themselves sometimes look boring. <br /> <br /> In the final scene of the film, the gang leader asks our main character (Sox Morak) to steal a car from the parking lot. Not being able to open it, the police came and asked him what he was doing, and he replied that it was their car. After a short argument, they try to arrest him, and then he keeps the police at gunpoint and jumps back into their car. After he entered, the police returned fire, and he, in turn, was injured. After another pathetic chase, they decide to leave the car and set it on fire to destroy all the evidence. What follows is one of the most blatantly funny and terrible terrible special effects I've ever seen. When the car "explodes", a superimposed flame suddenly appears from every window with terrible sound effects that are not even on time. It is so badly done and it looks so false that it is difficult to even put it in words, and you really need to see to believe. If you watch it in slow motion, it looks even funnier. I have seen better effects than this in killing recovery documentaries. The car is a Volkswagen Golf MK2 GTi. Something that would not be worth a huge amount at all, and they seriously could not afford to destroy it in a real explosion? I would like to know how big the budget is for this film. He is so cheap that I am surprised that he did it outside of South Africa, and even more surprised that he was released on DVD. <br /> <br /> I know that this is not a big budget for Hollywood production. I know that this is intended to portray gangs in impoverished towns in South Africa that steal cars from the middle class and sell parts on the black market, but with ridiculous effects, poorly executed car chases, a terrible game and ridiculous characters, any feeling reality is completely lost. <br /> <br /> In general, I certainly do not advise you to watch this. If you want to laugh and see one of the worst-performing, low-cost confusions amovie has ever created, then I would recommend it for this, and only for this. <br /> <br /> This is a miserable, poorly done, poorly edited, poorly paced and tedious piece of low-budget nonsense that fails on all counts. I have seen a lot of South African films, including a lot of cheap NuImage / Nu-World action films, and, despite their liveliness, they are much better than that in all respects.
