I just saw "If ??" I remember the advertisement of the 1968 film, so it was interesting to me to finally see it. This may be the perspective of an American who never went to a British public school and misses some social references, but I thought the movie was terrible. First, as others have noted, almost as much of the film as a whole needs an uprising to break out, which was delighted with time. On the other hand, whether the last scene is real or imaginary, it is not a rebellion, but a riot of shooting. The difference is quite large. <br /> <br /> I know that judging a movie by subsequent events may not be good, but you cannot do here. One person wrote a message on a bulletin board asking them not to compare the end of the film with incidents at Columbine High School and Virginia Technology. But if there are scintilla differences between Klebold, Harris and Cho, on the one hand, and Travis (Malcolm McDowell), on the other, I just don’t see it. All four were mistaken that their shooting was going to clear the world for which they were arrogantly not responsible. <br /> <br /> Which brings me to the idea: why the hell did Travis and his friends even despise them so much in school? They are adults or close to him. They are not in a military prison like the prisoners in Hill, a much better British film of the same time. No one forces them to go to college and beat whips, except perhaps for ambitious parents who need to be awakened about the nature of their sons. I had the opportunity to go to college in college, except that I could not bear the stupid, cruel instructions of the offenders who claim to be my future "brothers." I have taken upon myself the consequences of the lack of “involvement” in the Institution, which the brothers provide, and I cannot say that I regret it. <br /> <br /> If it seems to Travis that he will come to Lenin’s second coming (whose mongrel picture hangs noticeably in his room) he is free to go out and organize a trade union assembler or work for Michael Foote in the next election. If he wants to be Jack Kerouac, then hit the road and start writing. What is the possible benefit he can give the world in the joy of riding a motorcycle and get drunk in his room? <br /> <br /> Reviewers should sometimes be like the person who responded to the scene in “The Last Tango in Paris”, where Brando cheats on having to go on a date with cow dung. In the real world, as the man said, the listener will say: “Why didn't you scrape it off? Change your shoes? ”- Don't let the fictional characters go on a journey because of self-pity, because you dare not tell them the alternative course of action of common sense. So it is here.
