if .... is the cinematic equivalent of a sergeant. Pepper's: Perceived by baby boomers as the pinnacle of creation and viewed as the rather stupid business of previous and subsequent generations. Now that middle-class children around the world seem superhuman because of the Internet and see the prospect of a boarding school as an excellent opportunity thanks to Harry Potter books / films, relevance if ... could not be any further from modern anxiety. In fact, many scenes seem so alien and exaggerated that they hint at inspiration for Pink Floyd "The Wall." <br /> <br /> No one should keep a personal bias against the film during the review and the cemented date of this film aside. There are several flaws that others have missed. Lindsay Anderson, as you know, was a fan of Luis Bunuel, and, as a rule, was too clever for his own good. And, despite the direct narration in the first and second acts, the last part of the play took the surrealism of Bunuel's cod and the strained attempts of symbolism hostage. Anderson was not capable of this feat due to his overly intellectual cynicism, not realizing that Bunuel was cheerful in his work. I haven’t found a critic who protects “The Chaplain in the Box”, and I’m almost sure that he still gets side views from those who adore this film. The ending is not so much a concise blow to the established system of classes / values, as a wet slap at a moving target. <br /> <br /> The British public school system was firmly focused on the middle classes at home from private tutors). And the image of the if ... action had to check the framework of public school life, which Lindsay considered unexplored in the cinema, thereby destroying the pretense of the middle class. Homosexuality, cutlery for generations, cold showers, etc. In fact, such problems were covered in many other great British films, if ... just brought them to the fore. The Browning version was a more slashed devilish pomp, except for one. <br /> <br /> If .... strangely strange, and it is simply impossible to see with modern (especially American) eyes. Kudos to Anderson for avoiding Mick and Kieta in favor of African singing, and a few brownie points for hidden homoerotic overtones. Points are removed for the claim, the establishment of characters that are disappearing, and the incitement of a brisk revolution that has come to naught.
