Ah, the spirit of 68 years. Revolts raged on the streets of Paris, hippies were full of the spirit of love. How did Britain celebrate this century of radicalism and revolution? Hmm, apparently, dear Old Blighty focused on making films about boys in boarding schools. If ... contains an evil establishment. It contains the uprising of the oppressed. What it lacks, in contrast to the passion of Paris and hippie-heading, is a feeling of arousal, with the exception of its final shelling from ammunition and artillery. <br /> <br /> Lindsay Anderson "If ..." plays an eternal role - the amazing Malcolm McDowell, one of three private school students who adorn the hostel with photographs of Lenin and other left-wing radicals. This is clearly a film against the establishment, which depicts the evil storks of the upper class who rule the roost, and the outdated autocratic customs of the pirate chic school. What makes If ... unusual, although this is that, with all its radical sympathies, it clearly does not give us any feeling of great tension between human decency and a despotic school system, instead it just floats: there is not enough plot and not enough individuality. <br /> <br /> Surreal bits from time to time appear and disappear, and the film again goes from black and white to color (is it because of a low budget or is it an artistic expression?), but there is little interesting to talk about. All we get is a sharp denouement where young rebels reach for their rifles and shoot the shadow masters of the establishment. Hooray! Revolution! Finally, what requires a second thought, in contrast to this boring exercise at boarding school. Dreams. <br /> <br /> If ... it could be a powerful political statement, but it drifts and collects only a sense of direct interest at the end. Instead of testifying to the dissident spirit of the time of the late sixties, he only succeeds in being overwhelmed by the document of higher education of British education. Anarchy? Apathy is more like the only person many viewers will want to stick with after watching “If ...” will be Lindsay Anderson.
