The system of British public schools was developing not only with the idea of ​​teaching the upper classes, despite this popular and widespread misconception. It was designed to produce administrators and governors, government officials and the military to control the British colonies. These people were almost completely recruited from the middle classes. When public schools began to show their value, they came to the offspring of the aristocracy, and did not study at home tutors and governess, as it was before. They tended to favor schools closer to the city. "So Eaton and Harrow became especially popular among parents of this class. The vast majority of public schools took their students from lower social strata. Tom Brown is perhaps the most famous public school student who ever was the son of a pastor, and not a belted graph. Thus, in the late 1960s, England, suffering from postcolonial guilt and losing its last obligations to former dependents, as quickly as Harold Wilson could slip out of his Gannex Mac, “If” Lindsay Andes ronson was greeted with catharsis the joy of chatter and the slight embarrassment of everyone else. It should be remembered that the so-called “summer of love” was followed by the “October revolution” - an event that resulted in several police officers in London left with bruised heads one or two broken windows, but absolutely nothing came of it. So when Mr. Anderson’s movie hit the cinema, the disgruntled former revolutionaries enthusiastically enjoyed what they saw as the glorious victory of Mr. Malcolm McDowe ll over the amorphous "Im", despite the fact that he was finally mercilessly shot, a fate that would undoubtedly befall them if they succeeded in their attempts to get into the US embassy. There was nothing new in the film about public schools, homosexuality, intimidation with cold souls, sarcastic teachings of patricians, silly traditions. This is a very familiar list. He was declared an allegory comparing Britain with a corrupt, crumbling society represented by the school. Well, almost forty years in the same schools still flourish, the British social system has not changed, the October Revolution has long been forgotten, except for those who were involved on one side or the other, and Mr. Anderson completed his “State Country "The trilogy is futile." If by any chance you want to read a book about schoolchildren who coped with the system more successfully than Mr. McDowell and his friends, and, moreover, lived to tell this story, find a copy of Stalky and Co. written by a man , whose Very Angry Poem “If” gave the title to the film of Mr. Anderson, a man born in colonial India, a man whose works are imperceptibly derived from our literary history. And do it before the chatter classes succeed in declaring it inappropriate. person. Perhaps someone should start a revolution about it.
