There is one really good scene in Faat Kine. The title character argues with another woman, and after he is threatened, Faat Kayn sprinkles her face. The scene works because the act is so unexpected, bizarre and quite funny at the same time. In this case, the screenwriter / director Usman Sembene gives the viewer a character that is easily maintained, an interesting character of the film, which is worth watching for two hours. In the scene, he represents a brave woman who dared to act. For the rest of the film, the only thing that he seems to be, are contradictory tones. <br /> <br /> Tone is everywhere. It is true that not all films should fit into a particular genre, but I do not think that Faat Kine fits into any genre. Supposedly, this is a drama, although there are moments of such a broad comedy (of the aforementioned spraying in the face) that it cannot be taken seriously. On the other hand, the film, of course, is not a comedy with an abundant amount of serious themes that Semben squeezed into the picture. There is a way to successfully combine comedy and drama. Unfortunately, Semebene does not find such a balance. Instead, one scene after another simply merge with each other without much rhyme and meaning, leaving two different tones in the wind. <br /> <br /> Faat Kine also faced the problem of a two-hour run with an extremely long final. The film ends with a big party at which all character conflicts are resolved, but they are not resolved quickly. The scene lasts longer than any other scene, and probably lasts twenty minutes. Since the rest of the scenes were winding up to this point, the finale is especially difficult to endure, as the repetition begins at an early stage of the scene, which creates an unpleasant viewing experience. <br /> <br /> I may be too hard on Faat Kine. I am not a suitable audience for this. I felt nothing for the characters and had nothing to do with any part of the story. There are people who are likely to find something significant in the story and see strong characters. However, I could not do this and therefore cannot recommend it.
