Plotter Leo Fulci changes pace by shooting a crappy, barely connected sword and a magical fantasy movie in place of his usual crappy, barely bound horror. <br /> <br /> From a society that is vaguely similar to Ancient Greece, a strange type of Orlando Bloom, nicknamed Ilias, travels across the ocean to the caveman’s territory in some vaguely determined desire to fight evil, where he joins to the loving animal hunter to fight. the man-wolf and the mutant minions of the vampire evil sorceress topless. There is tomfoolery. A sorceress oppresses local cavemen and wants a magic bow for herself. She sends various minions, each one more strange than the last, after our heroes, in the end, win, striking at the oppressed cavemen everywhere. Does this film contain a steady stream of WTF? elements and moments. <br /> <br /> For some reason, the entire film is shot in soft focus, and the image is even more blurred due to the constant presence of fog on the screen. Perhaps it was an attempt to create an atmosphere or hide how everything looks fake. In any case, it failed. There is no atmosphere, unless it is because of uncleanness and slight bewilderment, and there is no concealment of how everything looks lame. Wolf wolf minions look like poor wooks. For some reason, the director fell in love with the frames in which they jumped in the air in slow motion, in the style of "six million dollars", to our heroes when they attacked. In the film, probably about a dozen of such pictures, and each time it becomes more stupid. The other minions of the sorceress are topless, except for people wearing leather armor, some lumpy white mutants who seem to be covered in cobwebs. Needless to say, they are slow and do not pose a threat, and when they speak, they look like gay Hispanic men slapping Daleks. The fights are unnatural and unconvincing, and the special effects are terrible. Oh yes, music is a cheap synthesizer that the creators of Doctor Who would be embarrassed to use. <br /> <br /> Ilias, our nominal hero is soft and easily forgotten. He also looks completely obscene, especially with his naked leather outfit and big hair, and obviously an idiot. Of course, he shot dynamite with his magic bow, but he takes with him only three or four arrows to fight the whole continent of evil. Needless to say, he runs out of arrows within a few minutes, and the more traditional hero of the sword and witchcraft Mace must save him. When he meets Ilias, he positions himself as a type of silent loner, claiming that he has no friends, but as soon as you can tell the hidden homoerotic overtones, they are sidekick pulling together misty hills. Mace promises to take Ilias with him in exchange for favors associated with the bow. Ilyas asks where he goes. “Wherever my legs carry me,” is his reply. Good enough for Elijah. Mace is also an animal lover and an outrageous hypocrite. He proclaims his great love and closeness to animals, referring to the usual utterances about how he prefers them to people, because people may be too low. He says he will never hunt and kill animals to feed himself, but he will steal meat from other people who have hunted animals. He is also no better than the accidental killing of innocent bystanders without a good reason. Shortly after they met, he checks Ilias' bow, and the film stops at a random caveman who does his own thing, goes ahead, and Mace shoots him. There is no indication that this poor soul did anything to deserve it, and even Ilya, who, presumably from a more moral and civilized society, does not even raise his eyebrows. <br /> <br /> In the movies, meanness is rather unusual. Throughout the film, she is completely naked, with the exception of the thong and golden mask that covers her whole head. It was as if Fulci had turned her on to make the film a mandatory T & A coefficient, but decided that at the last minute she was too verbose. She spends a lot of time, presumably being content with her domestic snakes and dreaming of being shot by a faceless man with a bow, dressed like Elijah. Wow, such symbolism! Later in the film, she loses consciousness when she cannot defeat Ilias and Mace, and promises to become the sexual slave of some ancient warrior dude if he kills them for her sake. It is hardly the worst villain in the world and not a real step forward to protect the rights of women. I think that he is a web on our heroes and pretends to be Mace in a situation where there is no one around but Mace to deceive. Was he really worthy of exchanging his respect for himself, Okron? <br /> <br /> There are some more WTF? moments. Most of them come to the end of the film. Ilias leaves, I forget why, perhaps, his hairstyle was spoiled, but he is aware of the error of his path and returns to help Mace in the fight against the forces of evil. Suddenly, for no reason, his bow can suddenly launch several targets seeking energy charges. If necessary, bolts can shoot through hard stones. Needless to say, he is cracking down on the hordes of bad guys who captured Mace. <br /> <br /> The climax is also rather pointless. Mace destroys the remaining Okron forces using a targeted laser attack. He can then shoot at Okrona from a distance of one kilometer, using his shot through the rock. She starts to die. Her mask is torn from the hideous Muppets head. She staggers with a cry, turns into a dog, and leaves with another dog. Mace smiles. Drop credits. <br /> <br /> Oddly enough, as far as these dodgy low-budget films about swords and witchcraft are, this one is quite clear and focused. Anyone who has seen the Wizards of the Lost Kingdom can tell you how meaningless and tortuous these films can be.
