Despite the fact that five years ago, Blue Underground was released on DVD, I never came across this Italian “sword and magic” on an Italian nightly TV show, and now that I saw it for myself, I know exactly why. Not because of his director’s typical addiction to extreme blood (about which there are some examples, to be sure) or the fact that a handful of women in this parade are constantly topless (it is set in dark eyelids after all) ?? this is actually very bad stuff. In fact, I would even say that this may be the worst of its kind that I have ever seen, and believe me, I have seen a lot (especially in the last few years, that is, after my excursion in 2004 ). Venice Film Festival)! Reading that the failure of the film during the initial release is believed to have led to the subsequent (and regrettable) career of its director in thoughtless low-budget blood, I can understand their point of view: I may prefer the earlier Fulci "hyallo" period (1968- 77) to his more popular things of horror (1979-82), but himself, even at the last, his adherence was perhaps unquestionable. On the other hand, CONQUEST seems to have not inspired Fulci at all ?? seeing how he decided to screw up the case with an annoying eternal mist, sprinkling it with incongruent characters (cannibals against werewolves, anyone?), irrelevant blood (they treat us with a gratuitous, vile supper of cannibals right before becoming witnesses of carnivorous revelers) their brains are literally knocked out their hairy antagonists!) and even some extremely unappetizing intimacy between disguised, missed brain malice (do not ask) and her slimy reptile pet !! For whatever the cost, we have two heroes for the price of one here: a young magic boy with a bow on some oddly evocative odyssey (Andrea Ocquipti) and his moving mussed up muscle (Jorge Rivero, i.e. Frenchy from Howard Hawks ) RIO LOBO [1970]!), Despite the fact that his name is Mace (maybe Maciste?), It seems that from time to time his cave woman looks in and helps his younger protégé out of trouble (especially during an extremely unpleasant attack ” boils "). Unfortunately, even the usual grace of salvation for such low-grade material does not hold out here, since the electronic score of the ex-goblin Claudio Simonetti sometimes seems terribly irrelevant. Fulci even manages to give the film a funny, hurried code with a surviving muscular hero, aimlessly leaving the desert (after defeating everyone without exception with the help of an important magic bow - so much for his own perceived physical strength!) For his next ?? and, fortunately, unspotted ?? adventure!
