“Nobody knows anyone” is a conspiracy theories thriller about a satanic / nut bomber aimed at the religious holidays of Seville during Holy Week. He also turns out to be the film’s best friend. The plot is conceived by the bomber as a computer game in which he and the hero are the players, and Seville is the virtual environment. The real lanes and streets of the city are beginning to acquire the labyrinth qualities of these old games like Pakman. From this point of view, a scene in which the hero and his girlfriend are pursued by those who are penitent with black hoods with weapons may not seem as stupid as they seem. <br /> <br /> From the very beginning, we know that narration is built as a game — the hero’s task is to create crosswords for a popular newspaper; at some point, the grid of crosswords on his screen becomes a chessboard, on which he later plays against the father of his girlfriend. The clues are loosely scattered because the camera mysteriously closes images that, as was shown later, were significant (for example, bar ads). The elements of detective / paper pursuit have become part of an evolving game, not a factual investigation. The film largely borrows the story "Se7en", and anyone who has a Catholic education is likely to get an idea of ​​the meaning of certain events taking place on certain days on the eve of the EAster. <br /> <br /> In this reading, the game is on the narrative level, the hero fights against the enemy (in this case, a computer) to win and save the day. But there is a second game, the film itself, which undermines the first. There is another set of clues that indicate not the intentions of the murderer, but the creator of the film and his character. In the first ten minutes there are mentions of chess, a writer named Navokov and a cult leader named Zarin. If we remember that the pseudonym of chess-loving Nabokov in the 1930s was Sirin, then we see another game in which we suspect not the villain, but the hero himself. <br /> <br /> In Nabokov’s novel, similar to Pale Fire, the character author creates a text that is intended to hide his own motives, provoking a play between the writer and the reader, in order to reveal the real text. Throughout the film, there are scenes that are visually distorted (for example, images are compressed), or that are vaguely defined dreams and hallucinations that make us suspect the hero’s point of view. Introductory links to games are all related to him. In the early episodes, much has been made of the character’s sexual and creative impotence, so the film can be his attempt to master his life, to become a winner in a way that he really cannot. Not before he won the game, as his writer's bloc disappears; the words he introduces are the title of the film, suggesting that he is the complete author. In addition, this Spanish-language title has a negative effect on the Nabokov-style involution itself, which presupposes a hero like Kinbote, trapped in his own unity. <br /> <br /> This confusion of postmodern literature (Borges, Eco, Pynchon, and others are also mentioned), Fincher, The X-Files, Run, Run, Lola, Run, Chris Marker (idea of ​​the city and its history in the form of a map and text; as a cultural history haunting the present), Bunuellian anti-clericism and Alex de la Iglesia's “shock” films lead to a film that is just a mess, every cunning allusion element negates the latter, dissipating interest. The lack of clarity in the rules of the game makes it incomprehensible and, ultimately, wear and tear. <br /> <br /> Ironically, in working with such a redefined fiction, the main interest of the film lies in its documentary quality, as in the recording of the narration that takes place in a real city, where own events take place independently. Such an ambiguous blur of facts and fictions can create such a masterpiece as Sans Soleil or London, but ultimately you need to have a light touch to fit your mind.
