Vampires vs. Zombies start with the sensational news that an unidentified disease spreading throughout America leaves suffering suicidal and cannibalistic tendencies ... Travis Fontaine (CS Munro) and his teenage daughter Jenna (Bonnie Giroux) listen to the radio when they traveling along isolated roads off the beaten track to try to avoid the disease when Travis hits a guy who I suppose is meant for zombies. A little further down the road, he stops to help Julia (Brinke Stevens) and her teenage daughter Carmilla (Maratama Carlson), who are waving on the side of the road, at this moment another teenage girl named Tessa (Melanie Crystal) is sitting in the back Julia's cars, bound and gagged. This situation would seem strange to me, but Travis, like his soldiers, takes everything on himself and agrees to “take” Carmilla from Julia’s hands, well, I don’t really know. So with a complete stranger, Travis leaves, leaving Julia and Tessa. Carmilla seems like a good girl, but she turns out to be a vampire, she likes to bite people and turn them into vampires, oh, she is also not indifferent to lesbianism. Travis, Carmilla and Jenna continue to travel, until some guy who calls himself General (Peter Ruginis) seems like a vampire killer and probably has something to do with it all, but the film is so messy that in fact, it is not. business, and I really don’t know how to continue this plot plan, because I have a headache, I just think about it ... <br /> <br /> Co-edited, co-executive producer, author and director is absolutely talentless Vince D'Amato Vampires Vs. Zombie is one of the worst horror films in history, and therefore one of the worst in history. Scenario D'Amato, apparently based on the classic story called "Carmilla" Sheridan Le Fan (he must sue) and is an absolute mess, the holes in the plot and the logic is so large that through them you can get rid of the tank! What disease turns people into zombies? Why Carmilla is a vampire? Who is Julia for her? Who the hell is the general? What does he want? Where do Travis and Jenna go? How can Travis control a person and not have the slightest human feeling about it? What's up with the mental hospital at the end? There are also some confusing and unnecessary dream sequences to annoy the viewer even more. There is so much bad in this film that the story does not make sense, the concept is terrible and is never explained properly, plus it is incredibly boring. I can't say anything good about Vampire Vs. Zombies, not one. Forget about any vampires fighting zombies, because it just doesn't happen, tell me again why this movie is called Vampires Vs. Zombie? <br /> <br /> Directed by D'Amato gave one of the most incompetent, dirty, poorly made, poorly designed and painfully painful viewing experience. Vampires vs. Zombies really do not have redemptive qualities, there is not a single aspect that I could praise. The mountain really looks fake, there are some bloody splashes that look like red water, some really cheap breakdown effects and a semi decent climax when zombies are feasting on Carmella and Jenna's intestines, this rather bloody scene is probably the best part of the whole poor film, but it lasts only a couple of minutes and in no way compensates for another dim 85. <br /> <br /> Budget for Vampires Vs. The zombies must have been small, in fact they even had a budget, because most of them were installed on the road in a couple of cars. This is one of the worst horror films I’ve been unlucky to watch, it all just sucks. The game is predictably terrible, and I mean terrible. <br /> <br /> Nothing more to say, Vampires Vs. Zombie is one of the worst films in history. (V) next to the title on the main IMDb page for Vampires Vs. Zoimbies indicates that he went straight to the video, well, this is too good for this pile of shit, because it deserves to go straight to the nearest fire.
