First of all, I have to emphasize how rarely do I spend time commenting on a film that I saw, I have a special occasion to find time and write about how I feel about the film. However, of the hundreds of films that I watched, I saw some of the brightest, "Shawshank", the worst, "Woman in Black", the funniest "Shark Attack III: Megaladon", and now the worst: "Vampires against zombie". br /> <br /> The first thing to say is that this film is not funny! For those who are looking for a frivolous film that will be just funny, or at least so bad that it’s funny, look elsewhere. It is true that a film like this does not try to be subtle and brilliant, with that title you need to know what you are getting into. However, there is no excuse for a film to abandon any and every rule that rules the world of film making. This is not an argument between the traditional film making process and the newer and more cunning methods of film making, it is an argument between bad directors and companies that are responsible for making horrible films. <br /> <br /> This film suffers from an overly used saying “I don’t know where to start.” Truly everything in this film is broken. From acting to editing, there is no reason why a film should fail a consistent series of events, such as Vampires vs. Zombies. Some of the following problems: 1. Misfire scene - it is clear that the director, camera crew and actors were not on the same page. In particular, in one scene, the scene begins with the camera lying on the ground and looking at the passenger door of the car. You expect the person inside to come out, but there is, and this is NOT an exaggeration for at least 10 seconds, the delay between turning on the camera and the director says “action” when something happens on the screen. The viewer all the time looks at the car door without sound, without movement, only the stereotypical "dead air", which is frightened by radio or television commentators. Where was the editing? 2. Act - in most cases, a venial crime, you can not expect that in such a film, after all, there will be Oscar winners, but Vampires against Zombies take bad behavior to a completely different level. These "actors" could hardly read their scripts, obviously, because anyone who could read and speak could pronounce the lines better than these fools. My only comparison for acting would be to open a scene from Resident Evil on a Playstation. But this game was even better. <br /> <br /> 3- History - Wait, what? Story? Again, you cannot expect it to be the Greatest Story ever told, but is it too much to ask that we have some sort of narrative? Why are vampires? Who are the characters? Who are the bad guys? Got good guys? Why are all lesbians? But most importantly, what's the deal with zombies? If you have seen this film, then you will understand what I mean, but for those who do not have it, I will be frank, there are no zombies in this film, except maybe five minutes. It was almost as if the director had forgotten about the name of the film and had to throw a few zombies at the very end without explaining the reasons. <br /> <br /> There is a lot more there, but I hope I’ve done enough so that no one sees this movie.
