Although it really is not such a terrible film (especially considering that it was made directly for television distribution), it will be very difficult to single out one aspect in “Bloodsuckers”, which is in fact original or refreshing. Vampires in space are not exactly a new formula, and even after so many films that talk about these monsters in this particular setting, no one seems to understand that this is an incredibly stupid premise that cannot lead to a decent horror movie on halfway through. "Bloodsuckers" even go a step further and shamelessly imitate all imaginable films that either rotate on vampires or in intergalactic war. The plot and characters are mostly stolen directly from John Carpenter’s “Ghosts of Mars” and James Cameron’s “Aliens”, as a team of futuristic vampire hunters fights in space and is regularly held to eliminate the modified species that originally named themselves after the notorious horror icons Goals and Leather Faces. Good guys are a bunch of pathetic stereotypes, constantly engaged in clichéd questions and endlessly arguing about terribly unimportant matters. Captain Damian is an unpopular newcomer who will really have to prove his leadership skills now, being more or less responsible for the death of the previous (and much more beloved) Captain Churchill. Other annoying characters include the typical cowboy style and the lucky macho trigger, a tough warrior woman with more balls than any man on board (she is Asian, like the girl from the Aliens, was Latina) weapon: blade girl! Quintana is a beautiful and deadly vampire who has chosen the side of humans. She can see her enemies when they are still at a distance of light years, and she can also perform sinister sexual acts with someone's wet dreams. In the end, they all learn to work in a team when they have to deal with the ultimate vampire-meanness: Michael Ironside (in another humiliating role). “Bloodsuckers” is an incredibly stupid film, but it entertains as long as it contains bloody murders, infantile dialogues and the effects of OTT make-up. It only becomes unbearably boring when frustrated soldiers once again blame the captain and the blah blah blah. This film is a continuous series of lame cliches and creative ideas, but at least it is watchable.
