The man was in the most remote corners of the earth, and now he travels to new worlds. But with the new worlds come the ancient evils ... vampires of space. And not just a handful, but whole tribes. In this film (which I saw as “Bloodsuckers”, but I think it also sounds like “Vampire Wars”), we see what happens when earth-imperialists meet imperialistic vampires. <br /> <br /> I will make this review very short because it does not deserve a good review. The best I can say about this film is that it has a good cast and future stars. Natasha Malta was Quintana, and here she was much more attractive than in BloodRayne 2. Michael Ironside - Muko, and he is always a favorite of fans (as I said, this is Jack Nicholson, poor man). And we even get Carrie-Ann Fleming as the “wife of Damien”, which horror fans will now recognize as the eponymous Jennifer from “Jennifer” Dario Argento. So this film, however bad it may be, is not without titles ... but the same can be said about the work of Uwe Boll. <br /> <br /> The concept of military tracking and killing vampires in space is not necessarily a bad idea, but it easily falls into the realm of cheese, and this film fails. The acting, especially from vampires, is excessive, and I simply did not find the explanation for their existence very convincing. Worst of all, the vampire tribes have the names "Vurhes" and "Leather Faces". I understand that this should have been a clever guide for horror fans, but it was not at all clever. It sounded silly and inappropriate (as opposed to the much more subtle references in “Slither” by James Gann, such as the name of the stores in honor of lesser-known horror directors). <br /> <br /> This is all I want to say. If you can take a lot of cheese (I couldn’t, and I’m from Wisconsin), and you want average actors in bad costumes to fight vampires in space (although space is very similar to any other forest on earth), if you can find it. I personally don’t recommend doing this when you can watch other stupid vampire films (John Carpenter’s Vampires) or other crappy space films. Or maybe even some good ones. But hey, do your thing.
