I saw it a couple of nights ago, not expecting too much, and no wonder it didn’t deliver anything too exciting. The plot, compiled by a team of vampire hunters (V-San, for vampire sanitation), who periodically walk on a spacecraft, periodically killing cosmic vampires and saving people, is completely justified, and if the film were processed better, it is possible that something quite an ace. Unfortunately, after a pretty decent opening, the feeling of real quality starts to fade from the film, leaving something behind it, although hopelessly watchable, rather ridiculously bad. I do not expect anything special from these films that appear on the Sci Fi Channel, and at least it was not their feature of creation with the monstrous monster cgi, but it was still pretty bad, mainly because of the composition and acting but with a terrific contribution to the overall bad music that terrible music makes. When the film chose only typical science fiction, sounding strange, the hype is approaching the soundtrack, he did everything well, but too often the cheerful and unconstrained soft rock intruded and turned the scenes into nonsense. I would have come to terms with the overall stupid game and writing more if it were not for the choice of music, which was a serious miscalculation, turning things from raw into unconvincingly funny. As for acting, Dominic Dzamprogna was fine, but the nominal hero was modest, while Lynn Adachi was rather annoying, as the cool girl from the vampire team and Aaron Perl played another member who was not well written or interesting enough to impress. Although she did not look so good in the acting skylark, Natassia Malte did well, having a less annoying temper than others, and the fact that she was really nice to look at. The only serious name in the cast is Michael Ironside, and he is underestimated, although he does it well, quite funny, as they suspect, was intentional. It seems that he is having fun and making his living, and his role is spectacular. The effects are generally normal, at least they conform to the standards of an ordinary science fiction television show, and there are several scenes with splashes of blood and some funny bleeding. Things are going well, and I almost feel a harsh appreciation of this film, but then I remember how I burst out laughing at regular intervals and realized that if the film is not a deliberate comedy that I don’t consider, then this is simply not success. Too much lame, stupid, unconvincing, I think this is normal, but I did not like it. Just try it if you are really digging up sci fi junk or an unintended chuckle, I would say.
