The bloodsuckers can be a somewhat decent movie, the concept of military types tracking and fighting vampires in space has some potential in the milder realm of things. Even the idea that the universe is full of different vampires of different breeds, with different attributes, about which the characters have yet to learn, is also pretty cool. As for how much of life in a galaxy outside the Earth is a vampire, I'm not sure how the creators wanted it to work, given the nature of the vampires. Who the hell they should eat, if almost all are vampires, I don't know. Because this film meets a low-budget mix of Firefly / Tranquility films and vampires with a touch of alien. <br /> <br /> The active parts of the film are quite average and derivative (especially “Tranquility”), but bearable - they are quite well executed, and you have enough blood to shoot a vampire, including some of the funny blood splashes. There are many things characteristic of characters, most of which are tedious, due to conflicts between characters, which mostly seem to be whiny, immature pins - primarily a cowboy dude and an Asian woman. There are several scenes of characters that actually work, and the actors play them not too badly, but basically it slows down the course of events. A good attempt to clarify the characters, but people do not watch a movie called Bloodsuckers for character development and drama. The game is really fine. Michael Ironside talks about it, and looking at him is just as fun as before, and at least a pair of women is hot. The SFX space is not so bad for what is clearly a budget job. The story is again rather average and derivative, but, as I said, the created world has little potential. The way things are arranged, Bloodsuckers really seem to be a pilot for the dynamics of the characters of the television series, the world presented but not studied, etc. In the film there are some highlights and moments when you can scratch your head - things that actually make these tricky productions watchable. - The scene where our heroes interrogate a talking creature like a puppet sock. Fun. - "Scene sex." WTF really. -Credit "And Michael Ironside, like Muko." The most annoying aspect of all of this, although it’s really terrible and usually inappropriate pop music that they play very loudly in half the movie scenes. It hurts to listen and only distracts from what is best on average. <br /> <br /> In general, a good watch is that you are ready for something stupid, even if it is only for the “chest” scene.
