Although the actors were good, especially Fritzi Haberland as blind Lilly, the film's script is obsessively pretentious and completely arbitrary. The famous theater director (Hilmir Snar Gudnason), blinded after a car accident, is on the run for himself and his destiny. Lilly, being blind from birth, is a teacher for the blind and wants him to "see" again. (Blind people see with their fingers, nose and ears.) Here this film becomes a road film; and the longer the road becomes, the closer their relationship develops, which was predictable from the very beginning of the film. The director of the theater is on the way to the mother (Jenny Grolmann). His mother lives somewhere in Russia on the sea and makes art installations - of course, what can she do to others! - and she is still alive, because she is waiting for his son to die. Oh my God! This is destiny! <br /> <br /> At last the son has arrived! Mom is celebrating a big party! On the beach. The wind is blowing and the pianist is playing on a real piano in the middle of the dune. Yes, they celebrate her goodbye. Son arrives just in time. Mother can finally swallow pills from a nice nurse. Now the great actress can die in the arms of her great son-artist, speaking sad thoughts about life in perfect German, and her son responds with a rough accent. Since the son cannot see, he does not fall in love with the nurse, the film script would also become too complicated! - but looking for Lilly on the way home. <br /> <br /> In parallel with this roadmovie, sister Lilly, sitting at home, asks an awkward classmate to drain her, who must first drink herself to gain courage. The occasion is favorable. Because mother (Tina Engel) is on a journey with her mistress Lilly Paul (Harald Schrott). They are for Lilly to get her back. Paul and mother Lilly do not fall in love, because the script of the film would be too complicated. The film script did not allow Paul to make something exceptional. I would suggest an architect or pianist, or, of course, a famous one! When they finally find Lilly, they want to convince her to return to Paul, because he has two eyes, and he is able to take care of her. But Lilly fell in love with her pupil, the theater director; Did I mention that he was even a famous theater director? <br /> <br /> This is German cinema! As you can see in this pretentious production, the German Film Subsidy Foundation does not always produce good films, because they subsidize just such pseudo-intellectual films. This film is really confusing. I got the impression that the script was forged from some celebrities in cafes and restaurants. Everyone has the right to contribute to the idea. Probably also Til Schweiger contributed to the intellectual flash of mind, being a co-producer. This film script reminded me of another German film with absolute pain: “Barfuss” - the name is already written wrong! The cover of the DVD "Barfuss" proudly writes: "The film is Til Schweiger." This film also received subsidies from Filmstiftung NRW, Filmförderung Hamburg and FFA. <br /> <br /> Please do not waste your time on this movie! In Germany, really good movies. Beware of such directors as Markus H. Rosenmüller, Josef Vilsmeier, Hans Steinbichler, Hans-Christian Schmid, Faith Akin ...
