I caught this Cuban film at the Arthouse Film Club. It was shown shortly after the showing of the cartoon "Stupid Symphony" of 1935, in which "The Island of the Symphony" reconciled with the "Island of Jazz". That, with the recently deceased Ruben Gonzalez skipped through the speakers in this old cinema and the Cuban flag hanging on the cleared motifs of Rokail stucco, the scene was created to vigorously celebrate busy filmmaking and synchronized hiss in the idiocy of Helms-Burton. But then the film began. And the exfoliating paint in the cinema gradually became more interesting than the meager mess on the screen. <br /> <br /> The storyline of the Nada Mas promises a lot. Carla misses her stamp envelope at the Cuban post office. Her only salvation from a completely absurd existence is to rob letters and rewrite them, turning basic interpersonal grunts into Bronteon bursts of breathless emotions. Pick up numerous shots of photogenic Cubans, pouring with joy, grief, pity, horror and the like. <br /> <br /> The problem is that the simplicity of the narration is overshadowed by endless excursions to the art school of film schools, a caricature of Latin Americans, Marx Brothers beat their hands and even - during a particularly disappointing trick with editing - cellulose scratching of school damage on the character's face. <br /> <br /> One-sided characters abound. Kunda, postmaster, homeless dominatrix-nosferatu. Her accomplice with the eyes of his boss, Concha, differently shows his fingers, overhears and squeals. Cesar, the metal moron and romantic interest, reveals the hidden talent of the letter when Carla goes to Miami. The chase scene (in a very merry forward) is added for good measure. All this would be good in the comics Mortadello and Filemon, but in a black and white film with zero effect and strong pretensions, hmm. <br /> <br /> Nada Mas is trying to take a place somewhere between 'The quaint heroines-matchmakers-strangers Amelie and the theme “Poetry-great-savior” Il Postino. Like Amelie, her main character is an eccentric, lonely white woman who fights an approaching virgin, trying to bring magic into the lives of strangers. As in the case of Il Postino, the film does not shudder from long poetic performances, and the postman on the bicycle plays a romantic role. Unfortunately, Nada Mas is not able to grasp the pomp and transcendence of any of the films. <br /> <br /> There are two things that can be helpful when watching this movie in a daze late in the evening. First, this is the first picture of Carla on the tile floor, which resembles a crossword puzzle, on which she works. Secondly, we need to consider Nada Mas as a warning example: our passion for the Buena Vista social club dedicated to Cuban art products can often encourage us to accept any dross that has a bongo on the soundtrack. This film should not have earned a worldwide release - films such as The Waiting List and Guantanamera are much more successful in covering such a thematic territory.
