“The Invisible Man” is a fantastic film of 1933, an ultramodern film for the time when the subjects seemed to rest on a person who was truly invisible. Go on, look at the film, you will be shocked by the fact that it was made in 1933, it was the first real film with special effects. Since 2000, computer special effects seem to be a child's play, the audience is not carried away by special effects, instead they are disappointed if they are not done correctly. The special effects in Hollow Man, HG Wells history update, are in order, but not the biggest problem with this film directed by Paul Verhoeven, which you may remember from Showgirls and Total Recall. Kevin Bacon plays Sebastien Kane, a scientist who is fond of the world of bio-invisibility (yes, I know this is not a word), but, of course, fights with top executives who threaten to take away funding for the team. Thus, since the heroes of the film, who are to cut off funds, are prone to this, he brings the maximum sacrifice and becomes a guinea pig for the invitation process (yes, I know, I used this word again). The process has terrible consequences, not one Kane dies, but instead becomes an agitated, cruel being, in other words, a guy. Now that he is invisible, Kane is stalking a sexual neighbor, an employee, a former girlfriend Linda (Elizabeth Shu) and a man who took his funding. Then a funny thing happens, Kane becomes a new supernatural being, "That that will not die." Laughing in front of all natural things, Kane is faced with death and spits in her face, as this creature dies, like a clock, dragging on the end of the film. The film is stupid, stupid and, finally, ridiculous because of how realism is sometimes used, sometimes not. Hollow Man has graceful possibilities, but, of course, none of them has been explored. For a more interesting look at the invisibility, get ready for the good old black and white cinema and see the “Invisible Man” of 1933. When you return, Kevin Bacon will still be invisible, probably still alive at the bottom of the volcano.
