The ghost town begins when Kate Barrett (Catherine Hickland) drives along an isolated desert road, her car suddenly breaks down and she hears horses hooves approaching ... Deputy Sheriff Langley (Frank Luz) from Riverton District is called in to investigate Kate's disappearance after her Father reports that she is missing. He finds her broken car and drives off in search of her, unfortunately, his car also breaks down and he has to go. Langley ends up in an abandoned ghost town, to his great shock Langley soon discovers that it is literally a ghost town, as it is inhabited by the ghosts of its former inhabitants and is ruled by the evil Devlin (Jimmy F. Skaggs) who kidnapped Kate for unknown reasons, and Langley must save her and lift the curse of the city ... <br /> <br /> The only directing effort of Richard Governor that this strange film actually did little for me and I didn’t like it very much. The script of the Duke of Sandefur is trying to mix horror genres and Western genres, which does not give any great effect. Have you ever wondered why there are no horror films of the Western hybrid in the world? Well, I, too, but if I asked myself such a question, I would find all the answers in Ghost Town, because it is not very good. Two genres just do not fit well. There are a lot of clichés, from the western side there are innocent citizens who are afraid to resist a gang of gangsters who terrorize them, shootouts on the main street, saloon bars with hinged doors and prostitutes upstairs curse, talking corpses and several violent murders. I was just in awe of this, I suppose, there is nothing terrible in this, except that it is just boring, and the two genres are not very well combined with each other. There are several holes in the story too, why did Devlin kidnapped Kate? I know that she looked like his previous girlfriend, but how did he know about it, and what was he going to do with her? We never know why this ghost town is full of ghosts, I mean, what keeps them there and what made them return as ghosts? Then at the end there is an episode where Devlin, after the shot, says that he cannot be killed just for Langley's sake, in order to kill him in a few seconds, I mean, why didn't the bullets work in the first place? <br /> <br /> Director Governor is doing well, there is a good horror movie atmosphere with some well-lit web sketches, and the standard Hollywood western city is represented here with a high street with wooden buildings lining each side of it. I would not say that it is scary, because it is not so, not so much tension, and the film stretches in places, despite the fact that its duration is just over 80 minutes. Forget about any blood, there are several bloody gunshot wounds, after an actual shot of two people with a cut throat, and someone was pierced with a metal pole, and that was that. <br /> <br /> I would imagine the Budget was rather small here, it is well-made and competent enough, if nothing else. A loan, when a loan due to a period of suits and sets, is actually very good. With acting, everything is in order, but no one will receive any awards. <br /> <br /> Ghost Town is a strange film, I’m not quite sure who it is intended for, and I definitely didn’t like it. Anyone who is looking for a Western will be annoyed by dull elements of horror, while everyone who looking for a horror movie, be bored by western elements. This is something a bit different, but that does not mean that it is good, it is worth seeing if you are desperate, but do not overdo it to see it.
