I had a recent viewer experience with The Perfect Witness (2007), because the NetFlix recommendations mechanism suggested me to watch this movie. Apparently, at some point I said that I really liked the video by Michael Haneke, the video by Benny. I don’t know about you, but this parallel provoked a whirlpool of emotions and excitement about the Thomas S. Dunn film in me and made it almost impossible to give up my time. It was on this recommendation of NetFlix's computer intelligence that the level of aesthetic / moral cinema was so high that, if you think about it, it was something almost unrealized in every film released in 2007. <br /> <br /> Anticipating my answer to the film in this way, I am going to refute this picture as poorly executed and banal; and I really don't want to do this, because I think that our boy, Wes Bentley, turned out to be not only one of the most interesting young people in modern cinema, but also one of the most undervalued and undervalued talents in the United States. I am more than moderately concerned that the poor fellow will miss the ship of glory if he continues to tinker with new directors like this one. <br /> <br /> An ideal witness is about Mickey (Wes Bentley), who has been living with his mother for about thirty years (“You don't drink again, right?”), but he is a “film director” or at least some street voyeur with a pension for shooting potential John in the run-down alleys of Philadelphia with his DVX 100B. There, making his private teachings, similar to the investigator, Micah "inadvertently" videotaped the brutal murder of the unfortunate early twenty-year-old student with his hand-held video camera. Bearing in mind that a snuff film and films as a cultural currency can be equated to his ticket from a white city ghetto (and not to the debts of his unwitting friends and relatives who invest money in his brutal films), Micky fits the attacker, James Lemack (Mark Borkovsky: he also takes a written loan) or Mack Knife, depending on whether, and blackmails the killer into a documentary about his motives for the murder, holding this found material about the attacker with threats from the police. <br /> <br /> The problem with this film is not that there are no interesting ideas, because they exist. Although the script and the direction are amateur, this alone does not make the film bad. The fact is that these guys make a rather weak assumption that what they represent is shocking in the context of a culture in which virtually anyone in the free world who has access to a private computer can log into the network and catch the truth of their beheading small mac or pc. No film relies anymore on the shocking value (unless, of course, ironically, this is not a film about torture on animals), and therefore cinematographic images of violence (real or fake) have less and less cultural capital every year. In addition, we have this amazing acting talent in the lead role, all styled, a real fashionable guy: his two-inch beard and skull cap with a small bill on him, backwards, just like a high school dork who was eager for potential services my main love interest is the guy who just now calls himself a “poet”. <br /> <br /> Spare me. "I am an artist," "I am a director." Good. Please keep up the good work, Cronny. It seems you bought a lot of expensive 35 mm stocks. Go ahead, you can wear all the workings of "creative", but do not expect that we will answer you best, follow your character below average for a two-hour film while you are shooting Wes Bentley's career. Why don't we just let stories tell you about the merits of what you do, man director. I guess the story will eventually say something about it, for example, it’s probably not as good as you think. And yes, it is likely that you will place the blame on your dear mother, in the end, as our man Mickey is here in the Perfect Witness; hooked taste and covered in the blood of your friend with a video camera in his hand. Fine.
