Another day was stuck in the room, another movie to watch. Yesterday, finally, having finished my Christmas shopping on a cold and foggy day, I had nowhere else to run to escape from "the Earth that was forgotten." Rather, I had nothing more to look at. <br /> <br /> Doug McClure, this bastion of leading actors, leads a handful of Allied sailors sunk by a submarine somewhere in the Atlantic in 1916. A submarine (in a scene that defies logic and reason), they end up on a strange island, clearly untouched by human hands. Together they explore the earth and discover dinosaurs and Neanderthals! Can they escape before becoming a permanent resident of the earth, which time has forgotten? <br /> <br /> Despite the fact that these films were made several years before Star Wars, they differ from one another in light years in terms of special effects. Snapshots of models are a little better than everything you expect to see in Jerry Anderson’s episode “Skat”, and the creatures are not much better either. When T-Rex (I guess it was) was killed, it fell just like zombies when you kill them — frozen in the middle of walking and collapsing, arms and legs stretched out like a sleeping cow, which was pushed aside. Of course, the sets are not so bad, but lousy actions and endless explosion noises (which all sound the same) do their best to destroy the trust and your enjoyment of the whole picture. The characters are neither believable nor worthy of your sympathy, as they shoot from their weapons, apparently, in everything that moves. In the end, I just did not care if they left the island or not, and by the time the end came, I felt more relief than entertainment. <br /> <br /> Costumes are authentic enough until the cavemen arrive, and this is a bikini and bear skin on all sides. And although it was quite obvious from their actions, you would not know that some of the characters were German with their accents. All of this simply lacked polishing and cohesion, which caused the viewer to be confused in some places and confused in others. In general, this film is hardly exciting today, although you may find a little fun trying to figure out where Colin Farrell is. I noticed his name in the credits and half expected that a child with an Irish accent and suspicious facial hair would appear. Well. There is nothing particularly remarkable here, but everything is in order if you are having dinner, and the weather interferes with further activities.
