I just finished watching this movie. I was very excited since I'm a big fan of punk rock, horror films and Spoofs. I was very surprised by what I saw. I knew that it was a low budget, but I did not expect it to be recorded on a video camera. It opens with a good song and a wonderful, very underestimated band The Horrorpops, reforming their song Where There Wander and quickly killed in various terrible ways. This is a great discovery. But the problem is that until the end it was really all that was in the film. Live performance, Death. Another live performance, death. Getting older And in the scenes of death there is a gross (literally) excessive use of the intestines. Why doesn't the killer use other parts of the body, such as legs, eyeballs, or the brain? Don't get me wrong, there are awesome roles in this movie. As a hardcore French band, known simply as BERET, the perspective of a group called Atticus, the scene in which The Used and Simple Plan members play together, because none of the groups had enough participants to play their show and Bowling For Overweight Guitarist Soup and pride kill in a really funny way, which I will save for future viewers of this film. But the big problem I encountered in this film is at first ridiculous, but after a while the terrible lack of acting talent of many “actors.” Especially the creator of the Warped Tour, Kevin Lyman. He tries hard, but I suspect that he didn’t want to make a film, but was obliged by contract or something. In addition, the sound quality is terrible, there are no subtitles on the DVD. The decisive plot of the film is very vague and very random. something about the magic sword and Lloyd Kaufman as the devil. The bottom line is that this film has many good qualities, but it is not enough to be close to a decent horror movie, music or comedies. Although I have to pay tribute to the fact that I turned into several groups that I would never have heard, otherwise. Such as the tsunami bomb and phenomonauts (crazy, psychobilian group). I recommend you shoot this film, watch the first 10 or 20 minutes, if you like it, watch the next 20 or 30, if you still like it, and then look further. If not, just go to the special features and watch all the music videos and live shows. They swing! Long live punk rock and horror!
