Yesterday was Earth Day (April 22, 2009) in the United States and other countries, and I went to watch the full-length version of the film Earth from DisneyNature. I think, like the automakers, Disney is trying to convince us that they care about the planet. Maybe they really care about the planet, I do not know, but I do not think that this requires a special unit with the word "nature" in it. I know that my youngest daughter loves Mickey Mouse, and who am I to tell my one-year-old child about my personal feelings for Disney? <br /> <br /> Aside from the incredible cinema, this was typical Disney frustration for me. He was preceded by half a dozen trailers of Disney films, replete with Disney cliches (“circle of life”, “fall with style”), overly dramatic music, reworked frames (Disney claims that “40% of new frames”). I was even starting to think that the story of James Earl Jones was getting a bit boring. I like James Earl Jones, but his work for Disney and Morgan Freeman, who makes each Warner Brothers story, starts to dwindle. I really think that Disney bought some spectacular BBC photo session that was made so impressive that they felt that she would sell herself if she hit on her with a bit of orchestral music and recognizable sound bites. <br /> <br /> And why is Disney obsessed with predators stalking and killing small animals? There were half a dozen such scenes in which bleating young people were on the verge of breaking their throats. I think Disney must admit that animals have a rich and interesting life outside of life, and the struggle for death, which appeals to action-oriented adolescents who were attracted to this film by their parents. I also knew how Disney stopped, if not to say that a person has anything to do with climate change. Are they so afraid of the tiny minority of deniers that they think it's still a controversial issue? <br /> <br /> I recommend skipping this and renting a Blue Planet DVD on Netflix. Natural films seem to be best shot by the British at the moment.
