This film can be labeled as an educational example. The point is not only that it means an unhealthy and non-artistic passion for everything that can be called as-shaped. The author has the impression that his sanctimonious uprising against some common and childishly named social ills (“Moldova is the poorest region of Europe”, “I don’t believe a bit in bird flu”, “Romanian people steal because they are poor ; Europeans steal because they are thieves ") are more or less close to a responsible moral and artistic attitude - but he is extremely uncomfortable! <br /> <br /> What Danelyuk does not know is that it’s not enough to give herself away for a righteous person - you also need professionalism, talent and in Intellect to transfer this position to an artistic product. Fortunately, the Foreign Legion shows as much insight as a family video, where Uncle Gogu drunkenly drenched himself in front of the guests. to suggest some kind of story. The direction is pathetically amateurish - the so-called “director” cannot create at least a mediocre mise en scene, his shots are annoyingly embarrassing, and any sense of narration is em full absence. (Of course, any comment has to stop at this level; it would be ridiculous to mention such concepts as “cinematic language”, “means of expression” or “style”). The acting is at the level of “Cântarea României” (“Singing of Romania”), except ... ironically, football goalkeeper Necula Radukanu, who is very natural, and Nicodemus Ungureanu. Oana Piecnita seems to have genuine freshness, but she is compromised by amateur instructions given by Danelyuk. <br /> <br /> The most serious aspect of this crime in decent cinema is the fact that the production received a fair amount of funding from the national budget, through CNC (National Cinematography Council). The fact that long-dead old dinosaurs, such as Danelyuk, still crave the udder of the government, is understandable (in a market economy, they will be immediately eliminated by natural selection). But the corruption of the so-called "jury", which spends the country's money on such absurdly absurd, not related to art, film and unculture, belongs to the criminal sphere.
