Instead of moving linearly from beginning to end, this storyline of a couple of gays affected by AIDS “revolves around time” around its “perfect day”. The film is organized in the form of life, remembered in asynchronous fragments, and not in a sequential stream, as in direct experience. <br /> <br /> The narrative has its lyrical moments, especially in describing the impact of the expected or experienced loss. Dialogue, unfortunately, lacks such grace. The script often forces the actors to say startlingly stupid or insensitive things that at the moment seem to be completely uncharacteristic. During their second chance meeting, clearly battled with each other, sensitive Philip prompts a reluctant guy to tell him about his difficult week. But at that moment, when Guy begins to open, Phillip, an English major, breaks down: "You're not a crisis fairy, are you?" with the words: "The way you cut through space ... I can't even describe it" - but I don’t have enough verbal skills to complete my thought. This kind of nonsense continues in the AIDS Hospice scenes covered with lines like: "What made me think that death would be all neat and bound ribbons? ”and“ You make Florence Nightingale look like Ratchet's nurse. ”<br /> <br /> The film often suffers from a lack of subtlety. Unpleasant characters are much sharper and more flattened than they should be. an arrogant hooligan of the trust fund and a moaning needing dvebenets - support a tough caustic diatribe about everyone who crosses their path. Such patter can offer the writer many opportunities for smart social comments, but unfortunately their comments are just Unpleasant, not supported by wit or insight. It is difficult to understand whether our screenwriter intentionally created intellectually limited characters or simply managed the perimeter of his leash. <br /> <br /> The plot may be what likes and resonates the most with those who praise this film. He seriously explores the gay life of the middle class in the USA of the 1980s: first meetings, courtship, communication, nesting, the complexity of open relationships, friction and destruction, dissolution, physical violence, rapprochement, forgiveness, incurable disease, death and survival. Leaders Phelan and Spirtas show good results, which over time create complex characters. Their attractive appearance helps to explain both the chemistry that held these two together due to insensitivity and selfishness, and the chemistry that helped some viewers not to notice the painful weaknesses of this film. The decision to split the storyline into tidbits and present them in non-consecutive flashbacks added complexity without any obvious dramatic utility and in some cases left the sequence and, therefore, the consequences of this event unclear. <br /> <br /> Can I recommend a movie? For adherents of literary and technical quality absolutely no! For cool viewers in need of a serious catharsis, AIDS survivor, or in the mood of a cheeky tear fan with a little eye candy added. But better-written alternatives that explore the effects of AIDS on the relationship of that era include: Philadelphia, the group on which he played, a longtime companion, Angels in America, early frost, farewell glances, love! Valor! Compassion! and even Jeffrey.
