Bamboo House of Dolls (1973, 1974 or 1977, different years are given for this name) - Hong Kong Quay, a female veteran from Hong Kong (“Killer of Serpents”, “Sign of Boxer”, “Payment in blood”, etc.). Yes, even they fell into the hands of such ailments, such as this one, and Bamboo is definitely one of the worst attempts of the whole genre, even compared to Western attempts, which usually pale in comparison to Eastern films! <br /> <br /> A story about a Japanese military camp in which Chinese women are mistreated, abused and raped by poor Japanese (what else?) during World War II. The girls also know the secret place where the box of gold is hidden, and also find out that the Chinese officer who grew up in Japan (veteran Shou Lo Lia) is now in fact a secret agent among other Japanese and, naturally, helps the girls to escape from hell. This is followed by episodes full of unreasonable nudity, female kung-fu, some nasty torture, blood, meanness and extremely offensive anti-Japanese attitude that make this film pure and honest trash that doesn’t even try to be more than it is. <Br /> <br /> There are practically no interesting elements in Bamboo House of Dolls. Random photos, especially at the end, look good with their sunshine and beautiful nature, but this is in the department of merit. The fight scenes are abundant and always include half-naked females that kick each other. In general, violence is sometimes quite cruel, with several bullet wounds, scenes of misanthropic torture (for example, one poor girl is subjected to ill-treatment on the floor filled with broken glass, etc.), And behind it is an extremely disgusting and moral end. Of course, it’s silly to talk about “morality” when I write about films of this type, but there are still elements that I will not accept to find them in any film. <br /> <br /> In the movie there are nice moments elements of turkey for sure! For example, a golden box filled with heavy gold seems suspiciously easy, since weak and suffering girls do not seem to have problems lifting and moving, let alone throwing it away! In addition, these numerous "scenes of the fight with the skin" make fans of trash movies smile. I saw the same director, Snake Killer (1973), which ten times deserves special attention as a piece, and although it actually killed many living snakes, it is also visually more interesting and shows us some of the unpleasant aspects of the other side of a big city and society. In addition, it is necessary for those who are afraid of snakes. <br /> <br /> The Bamboo House of Dolls also underwent some censorship, which is not a surprise for the subject in question. The uncut version (dubbed into non-English), released in Europe, at least in France, Italy and Switzerland, costs 104 PAL, while the shortened English duplicated print, released in Holland, Belgium and Greece, works only for 84 minutes in pal. From what I've heard, directorial scenes are not only violence or other graphic things, but also dialogues and “plot development” and the like. <br /> <br /> Bamboo House of Dolls is a trash movie in its dirtiest form, and definitely something that I would not like to see from the Shaw brothers or Hong Kong in general. Some of the Italian films about the exploitation of the same subject matter are much more interesting and deserve attention than this rather ridiculous, calculated and useless fragment of cinema. 2/10
