I usually don’t enjoy hyperbole, but after seeing the Oscars for two decades, I can honestly say that the awards show of this year was the most shameful example of bad direction, full of cruelty and absolute stupidity, which I have ever had the misfortune to witness. I'm not talking about the awards themselves - as usual, there is a lot of controversy about when you count who won, who lost and who was not even nominated, but this process, as always, was as fair as it should be. What is terribly unfair is that the “stars” and “not the stars” turn at the hands of Cates and Horwitz in the name of “reducing boredom”. <br /> <br /> It's bad enough that for the last few years, everyone who is not Al Pacino was “played” in 45 seconds, not paying attention to what he said, how he said it, and what emotions were for a statement. This demonstrates nothing less than a complete lack of respect for the herd candidates on the stage, like cattle, without giving them the honor of showing their faces while their names are being read, to make them quietly leave when they lose, to refuse them the thrill of the walk. to the podium and make them read their statements with their backs to the audience. All these things were made for non-stars - never think that films would not exist without those artists, and that most of them have only one chance to meet their peers and the audience. <br /> <br /> Stars are not much better. It becomes sadder than funny when winners of a level like Hilary Swank and Clint Eastwood are forced to ask a few more seconds for their performances. Chris Rock, as a host, was not as inflammatory and controversial as the Academy had hoped, and not as funny as it could be. His opening remarks were almost (but not quite) as offensive as Sean Penn made, and his comments during the show were more harmless than interesting. Of course, he can hardly be blamed when it became clear that he was being held on an equally short leash as any host. After all, Chris Rock was something he almost never was: non-entity. <br /> <br /> Even the musical numbers were poorly processed. Beyonce sang well, but there was simply no reason why she should have been presented in three of the five songs. Another example of absolute disrespect for an artist was the provision of a song by Antonio Banderas nominated by Jorge Drexler, although Drexler was present and clearly would not have sung his own song based on his winning “speech”. <br /> <br /> Cates and Horvitz’s efforts to reduce and speed up the show may have worked to some degree, but as a result the show lost its life. We all whined about too long speeches of people we do not know, about exaggerated production, about self-praise. But this is their night, not ours. What should be a holiday has become an insult to the people being celebrated. Frankly, Cates and Horwitz should be ashamed.
