John Hughes wrote many great comedies in the 80s. “European Vacation” is not one of them. Hughes’s first big hit, Vacations (1983), is about as predictable, unfriendly and annoying as they come — no matter how much you love the silly, but romantic Clark and Ellen Griswold (Chase and D'Angelo) . <br /> <br /> I really enjoyed The Vacation, as well as the third film, The Christmas Holidays of 1989, but Griswold’s trip to Europe is soft and forced. Perhaps because it was Hughes’s first attempt at a continuation that he didn’t get it, but it’s really stunning how boring and devoid of the “European Holidays” story. There is no cross-cutting history: the Griswolds win a game show for being “greedy little pigs” and go on a tour of Europe through England, France, Germany and Italy. Even the physical humor of the worm, which is the trademark of the first, loses any effect, because you see that it is coming, which is a mistake of the director Amy Heckerling. The director of Fast Times at Ridgemont High is too predictable. <br /> <br /> Maybe it was Hughes who made a cheap punch because he was put on a sequel. “European Vacation” is proud of insulting Americans (remember how they win at a greedy little pig show), especially tourists represented by the Griswold family of cornball. He also pats his back, implicitly saying, "Oh, we, Griswolds, we always get involved in something, because our dad is an idiot." Then, almost in a comic manner, it ends with a tribute to America and how grateful Griswolds is to return to such a better country. If Hughes was going to go on satire and intended to do it in the form of a bad movie, well, maybe I should award these 8/10 stars. <br /> <br /> This is not just an injustice, but a boasting of “European holidays”. The two worst actors were the children Rusty and Audrey (Jason Lively and Dana Hill). They are both annoying and disgusting, with the unattractive and loud Audrey screaming about the guy she left behind almost the entire movie. Hughes even goes so far that her comment that he misses him correctly, she is watching the giant sausage. Pretty tasteful. Saying that the breasts flare up in two different scenes for no good reason (unless she comments on the American love for gratuitous nipples in her comedies). <br /> <br /> I will give the film one of two stars thanks to Erik Idlu from the Monty Python team, whose cameo in several different moments of the film, where he reads the lines directly from the Holy Grail, about the funniest part. If Hughes intended to find as the only ridiculous part of one of the only non-American actors of the film, then this is another trump card to him for tearing the bottom of the 80s Hollywood comedy. However, would it be painful for him to do this by doing this?
