I'm a big fan of pacino movies. He is one of, if not the best, actor of this genre. However, this film could have been much better, even if it had a bad cast. All they had to do was tell the story of Carlito Brigante until he went to prison. Instead, it seemed like it was just one of many stories to tell about Carlito. All or even some questions about his past, which we wondered in the original, could be answered. As far as I understand, this is the only way to make this movie. Instead, we get this prequel, in which there are almost NO original characters, a character playing a different role from the original (the terrible move), and a completely different love interest for Carlito. Don't even get me started with puffy. I can not take this cat seriously as a gangster after seeing how he dances in all his videos about artists. That evening, when the dude opened his mouth, I waited for him to start dancing. He made me laugh if anything. Mario Van Peeples surprised me with his role. I thought he was going to give a dim idea because of his recent history. He handled well. He was probably the most "plausible" of the entire cast of actors in my opinion. Jay Hernandez did his best, but now he does not have the skills to take on this role. I appreciated his energy and his efforts, though. It is difficult to follow Pacino. The only way to find out who Carlito was was to see the original. For the rest, Carlito looks like a cold-blooded killer in one scene, and then a spineless weakling in another. He was one of the worst gangsters of his time, but in this film you only see flashes of it. Perhaps this is a pathetic way for Hollywood to try to make a second prequel to capitalize on this setback. It will not surprise me. <br /> <br /> In general, in my opinion, this film failed or how it could be. The only reason I gave her 3 was because I laughed a lot, and Mario Van Pipples deserved some respect for me. A serious director had to take this film and actually spend time on the story and turn it into a real prequel. I am very disappointed that this film was not taken seriously. It would be better for them to turn this into a mini-series on HBO and actually tell the story as the original suggests. At the end of the film they had the courage to assume that Carlito would have to return to the city. HEEELLLLO .... this is the part that everyone wants to see !!! Again, this is all just my opinion. I can not tell you how to spend your money.
