Where can i start I heard that this movie is coming out and I was very angry. I'm a big fan of the original “Carlito's Way,” and when I heard about this, I thought it would be like almost all the other sequels that go out in Hollywood. I thought it would be bad. The boy was wrong, this film turned out to be much worse than I expected. Not to mention that all sequels are bad, but this is the problem of Hollywood these days, they make too many sequels and remakes and rush with them. It was not a theatrical release, it is a DVD release. However, in my opinion, there was no reason for this. After I found out about this film, I heard that Pacino was not in it. It immediately killed every chance that this film was good. Why did I watch this movie, then some of you may ask? Well, I had the opportunity to see it, so I did. I not only watch films that I have high hopes for, I clearly had low expectations for this I just wanted to see if this would be something important. Now, if one of you is reading this book, is a fan of "The Way of Carlito", you know that the first story is related to the fact that he went to prison. <br /> <br /> * A VERY LITTLE SPOILER is anything, because it may actually make you not want to spend 2 hours watching this garbage. All that I will say is that at the end of the Path of Carlito 2, we do not see Carlito go to prison. Now I do not know any of you, but I would have thought that the prequel to Carlitos Wei will show how he ended up in prison. I even had some interest in seeing what happened. <br /> <br /> Now this is not my only problem with the film. The actor who played Carlito did a good job with the work, but he could not have saved this film if he tried. There's not even all the little things that need to be added there that the fans of Carlito's Way would like. You do not see a single appearance of Kleinfeld or other key characters in the first, I would like to see something like that. Worse, Louis Guzman is in this movie, but he does not play the same character that he plays in the first movie. A big mistake on their part: why shoot the same actor for another character, it made the film worse than it was. <br /> <br /> The bottom line is that I'm a fan of Carlito's Way, this new release right on the DVD is a shame. If you're a fan, don't watch this movie with high expectations. This film basically did nothing for me, and it is definitely one film that I will not take on DVD or watch again.
