Well, I just gave 95 minutes and 47 seconds, that I will never return to this piece of garbage. I heard someone on the Internet describing the villains of this film as "inhuman cannibals," and I thought it was promising, because I thought it would be like a descent. WRONG! Descent was a psychological thriller with dynamic characters and a strong storyline. These villains are completely unrealistic, and no part of their performances is enjoyable to watch. This film is not so controversial, I have seen this blood level in many films. This movie just sucks. DESCRIPTION: The blonde who thinks she is very hot (but not very), her fan and her fan's friend (no, I don't remember their names) go to the forest. Their car breaks down. They are warned to leave a man named Mark. The blonde falls into an unreasonable tantrum, and the next morning they cannot find a friend of a fan. A fan pierces his foot (oops!). Do not worry, he is much more upset when his car does not start, than when his nails pierce. After a nanosecond of persuasion, the blond goes to find help. Events happen that I can not remember. During this and throughout the film, we are shown grotesque scenes of torture without content, including what made me shut up. The blonde is sent to rescue a fan from a cannibal home (although all they see in food is the intestines, which, logically, would be the last choice for real cannibals, since they contain real food). The blonde finds an offended fan and works very hard (unsuccessfully) on tears. Then you laugh when the blonde is in the house and announces that she can "think." Mark (the person who warned them to leave) changes his character remarkably when he discovers that cannibals are his family. Then there is a shooting, they leave the house, the shooting continues, then a random guy appears and says that he is following them. Before they shoot him, we are shown a murder scene inspired by an acid trip. The blonde or her fan shoots him because he did not help them. There are more murders, a fan professes his love for a blonde. Then the mysterious hand closes the camera. What does it mean? I do not know, I hope, not a sequel.
