Even then, when the "X-Files" were smart, thought-provoking show. Most of its appeal was that the authors turned to folklore and science for their ideas, linking the plot with the terrible side of real life. <br /> <br /> I was incredibly careful in the eighth season, when he went on the air. The show has already provided two very good episodes to worship (“One Son” and “Requiem”), and in the 7th season the number of episodes dramatically increased, which scraped the barrel from ideas that were contrived, implausible or completely stupid. But I thought hey, give him the advantage of doubt, maybe they bring him back because they have some great ideas. <br /> <br /> Roadrunners are really frustrating. After “Patience,” which at least gave an interesting point of view on vampire folklore, which the series succeeded in avoiding, the episode sees a strange (alien?) Slug-parasite with the power of mind control, which the cult of Christian-deaf Christians worships. Oh, and they think that this is the second coming of Christ, but you will know about it only in the last couple of minutes. Seriously. Never * do * they try to understand it, explain what a slug is, why something is happening, or something else. Even in the early years of the show - in fact * especially * then - you could expect a bit more depth, a little background, and if not, on the contrary - a little riddle, some uncertainty about what it was all about, <br /> <br / > Although Scully really kills it. You could come to terms with the stupidity of the premise, but having a character who has developed over the good 7 years as a rational skeptic turned into a credulous individual just for the sake of plotting is strange to watch. You feel that you are seeing some kind of monstrous teen horror, except that it is a woman of about thirty years old who rushes into an eerie, isolated community that she spent most of the decade revealing a sinister stomach, being either intercepted by very stereotypical delusions or completely indifferent to her own safety. Oh, and by the way, Doggett, the new Mudler, is not near. Scully had just gone into the wilderness to search for a brutal murder without him. He appears at the end to save the day — I can't even remember why — but other than that, he's really not in that. Again, seriously. <br /> <br /> In short, it looks like a common script written for another show, or someone’s pet film project, which they were allowed to push, like a mutant leech, into an existing spine, a long show at that the time when it was most vulnerable. Perhaps it worked in a small show, where the characters are more typical, and the audience expects less. But the X-Files was doing well, and Scully was one of the most powerful and unique TV characters in the 90s. Deciding that you are going to change her personality for the sake of a story that they must have done on Star Trek a good fifty or so times is meaningless.
