If you have ever been persecuted underground by a Christian who says: “Jesus is the answer. What is the question? ”Then, perhaps you should thank God if you have never met a lacanian. Glory Zizek, the most evangelist of the Lacanians, will surely change the word "Jesus" in this statement to "Lacan / Hegel." <br /> <br /> Star Zizka is currently burning brightly, undoubtedly, because we usually watch films and pop culture solely as entertainment for our consumption. So it seems impressive when someone — somebody — comes in and says, “Hang on, films can say something about us.” <br /> <br /> The ideas that иižek presents in this film are “true” solely because he says so. For example, Жižek explains that the three Marx are ego, superego and id (God knows what happened to Zeppo or Gammo, maybe they are synth ... or are these films themselves?). It is just what they are. In Zizek's work, culture should not be explored, but simply should be considered as an example of its ideology. People may argue that he certainly has something to say, but how different is what he says from a Christian who ascribes everything to God's will? <br /> <br /> What is wrong with taking examples from films or somewhere else to illustrate a theory? Well, nothing at all. It seems that Zizek believes that they can even serve as evidence. However, it’s just a cant and propaganda when these examples are isolated from their context. Without context, you can say and prove everything you want. For Zhiza, Lacan is the answer ?? so he goes and makes an example of this. Everything, except for everything, reminds the Master's teaching, and culture should confirm this, serve this ideology. For example, a sample of Zizek in a fantasy voyeurist position is taken from the scene in Vertigo, when Jimmy Stewart is spying on Kim Novak in a flower shop. But in the context of the film, this is not a voyeur fantasy at all. Stewart deliberately led there Novak. This presentation of examples drawn from their context continues for two and a half hours of Zizek’s cinematic sermon. <br /> <br /> His analysis of the scene “a child wants f ---” in “Blue Velvet” is ridiculous. Touching lightly what he seems to regard as terrifying (for the male) the truth of “female pleasure”, Zizek says that Isabella Rossilini’s character not only requires its degradation, but is also unconsciously responsible for the situation. This is an example of her "jouissance". Well ... maybe. But - sorry for being prose - where is the evidence for this? In the film, she is partially humiliated because Hopper kidnapped her son. Zizek may argue that she also clearly enjoys rough sex with Kyle MacLahalan. But it can be associated with any number of things. Isn't this the meaning of the so-called female "jouissance"? According to Lacan, the female jouissance, unlike the phallic jouissance, cannot be formulated; it goes beyond the phallic seizure and castration of the tongue. If this is correct, then an example cannot be given. It also means that the whole concept is meaningless and completely mystical. Only dogmatists such as Zizek can define him: “For you, women's pleasure! Why female pleasure? Because I say so. ” <br /> <br /> What example can really be drawn from these films? Only the psychology of Zizek. Why does he continue to get up in his favorite films, even to such an extent that, while in a boat in the gulf of Botega, he says that he also wants to play Rod Steiger? Is this not the fulfillment of the desires of one who conducts his critical films? As they say, Freud would have a field day with the “Guide to perverts for the cinema”, but with Zizek himself, no one else. <br /> <br /> Zizek's theory that films show us how we want can be directly on the face of this, but these films cannot be strict universal examples of psychoanalytic laws. This film illustrates how Zizek wants and is only very vague - almost useless - as the rest of us desire. For, as any psychoanalyst knows, how we desire and what we want cannot be completely separated — and cannot be easily universalized, if at all. Zizek's love for everything to be an example of Lacan's Answer confirms this: how do we want it? This is how I do it. The problem is that, at the request of Zizek, anything and everything else is rationalized into his desire. But Zizek is a Leninist, and they definitely do not like it when the “subject” speaks for itself. <br /> <br /> “The guide for perverts to the cinema” is a generalization of Zizka's love for dogma, and it is not at all philosophical, even if it remains very political (what is not dogma?). Zizek never wondered what exactly his motives might be at the beginning of the analysis, what he is trying to discover, because the conditions of his research and, consequently, his ethics are never questioned. <br /> <br /> Zizek is extremely prolific, but all of his books and this film say the same thing. He is a kind of Henry Ford from cultural theory: mass production and any color, if it is black. It is ideal for modern society, in which there are a lot of consumers: supposedly critical, giving people the same c-ap again and again and pretending that this is something else. This is popular because people largely prefer ready-made answers to their problems - which capitalism always claims to provide - instead of exploring things with any serious consideration at all. What looks like brain death. For me, the third pill, "Zhizheka" from "The Matrix", is a suicide capsule. <br /> <br /> PS: I liked Zizek's solemn remark, presented as a revelation about cinema and humanity, that music in films can greatly influence people's sympathy. Did this happen to Geesek only after he looked at Jaws?
