This film is a very light down, predictable from beginning to end. Like Don Notts's car, The Incredible Mr. Limpet was much better, with a Nott character who was not so incompetent or ignorant. His performance was muffled there, and not one of his trademark glances liked him, although this may have something to do with the fact that he was replaced by most of the movie with a cartoon fish. Notts made a living playing a pleasant idiot, just like Bob Denver. It seems that none of them could break through to other types of roles, suggesting that they were merely typed roles. This was probably due to a slouch, a wild look and a high voice. John Ritter, with whom Notts worked at Three's Company, was able to transcend his genre by successfully splitting into dramatic roles such as The Dreamer of Oz, but the closest Notts ever received had a small role in Pleasantville. Even Leslie Nielsen did not fit here, besides, neither the direct dramatic actor who he was at that time, nor the imperturbable comedian he used to become in “Plane!” Was uncomfortable. and the Police Squad. <br /> <br /> There is no way that the then 43-year-old Notts could pass for a 35-year-old, as his character insisted that he was. It was just as incredible as Tom Hanks at the age of 38, when he played Forrest Gampa of student age. <br /> <br /> The film was clearly made on a tight budget, very much like a hastily filmed TV episode. This is especially noticeable in the "external" scenes of the "city" where Roy goes after he is fired. It is unlikely that even a preschooler will be fooled by an artificial sound scene similar to Mayberry. <br /> <br /> Even if you watch it strictly as a children's film, it is very disappointing. This is not because it lacks action or special effects, although it is. The pace is too slow, the situations are repeated. How many times can you watch Roy get on the bus? Comedy for children should at least sometimes be crazy, with dizzying gags, otherwise you risk missing them (and with any adults in the theater). Films, even children's films, have improved significantly over the past decades. Even many modern comedies have been better shot and written. For example, Disney's “The Love Bug” was at least an interesting race.
