I believe that I can only blame myself for the gigantic disappointment that is called the "Inner Maiden". You already know that you should not expect a cinematic masterpiece when you see such a juicy and proudly advertised title like this, and the first impression is even more confirmed when you notice that the film was shot in the mid-80s from Japan. There are quite a few crazy and sick cinematographers in Japan now, but Kazuo Komizuu surpasses them all thanks to his completely depraved and disgusting trilogy, which revolves only on aggressive sex and sadistic violence against young girls. It doesn’t even try to tell the story, "The Maid of the Maiden" simply represents a mess of UN unleashing semi-pornographic sex and really poor Gore-effects that are not even pleasing to the most undemanding 80-horror cheesy fan. The images of a group of photographers and their photo models inexplicably intersect with scenes of a dirty pervert, engaged in rough sex with, apparently, an underage girl. He throws her even a minute after the climax (typical), and she begs him to stay, even if she has to share with other women. I do not understand. This should represent a common male fantasy? Because it is really banal and illegal. In any case, back to the pile of excited photographers and obedient models. On the way home, they are surprised by the coming fog. The group sits in an abandoned country house, where they have more horrible sex, and ultimately falls prey to a ridiculous sex demon who kills them all. Acting is amateurish, the dialogues are senseless and primitive, and the direction to Comiso is weak and not inspired. I can tolerate all of this, including the unfriendly woman’s idea of ​​sex, but I was too close to turning off the film during an indescribable meanness of the struggle. One of the men brutally beats, kicks and throws around one of the girls and calls her a dirty whore, until she literally pees in her panties and cries from agony. This sequence, in my humble opinion, is the absolute bottom point of Asian cinema. One to avoid and maybe even boycott.
