Maybe it was a headline or trailer (of course, not an interview on DVD, which with the director, who continues to say “hello, children” to the camera, like a jester), but I expected Entrails of the Virgin to be at least a little filthy fun with some good sex scenes and violent, bloody murders with weird Japanese penetration. It turns out that this is too sloppy for its own sake, or bad, or something else. There is a problem there, and you can see it also in Italian sexual exploitation with a wave of Porno-Lokost, similar to this in many respects- in not having a balance of sex and violence. Too much sex and it will turn into a prototype of porn, and not even with great product quality compared to most professional porn movies! And in the murder scenes, when creating a creature / killer / whatever, there must be at least a small tactic, and perhaps just a little ingenuity. The subsoil of the Virgin has neither one nor the other. It's safe to say that this is a rather soulless film, even if it is not one of the worst films ever made. It's easy for Japanese fetishists with horned dogs who have problems with girls and men who have all the brains in the other. 'heads. <br /> <br /> In this case, we are given a film crew where the guys take some pictures of some girls, nothing extra, and then because of thick fog they stay in some of the house one night and are shot one after the other by the Killer. since he is enrolled. First, director Kazuo “Gaira” Komizu decides that he must introduce a quota of random sex scenes in the early stages — we insert (or call, choose) clips of one of the photographers who have sex with one or more of the girls elsewhere. Looks like this is from another movie. Then, as soon as he settled in the house, there was a “fight” scene, which was poorly posed and filmed (yes, we really need to see his “everything” there), and then rape and murder. First, rape by photographers who promise girls work for their time. Then the Slayer, who likes the creature of D'Amato, is simply covered in mud and got a silly expression on his face, and who for some unknown reason kills men and / or rapes women one by one. <br /> <br /> Now, the last ones, taken by themselves, should be considered as the highlights of the film. It is like saying that the crotons are the best part of the wretched taste of the salad. A thrilling scene, a thorn cast as an Olympic event (this scene is, in fact, pretty cool), and finally, the craze of the crazy to the extreme girl, whose irrelevant name I can not remember. Even * it * becomes disappointing simply because of the wrong name! In addition, the actors duplicate sex scenes that become tedious because of “Gaira” and his condescension to lengthy shootings without cuts, where all Japanese censors are blurred in any case, (you might think that they seem to enjoy enough, therefore, let them "speak" for themselves). But the overall feeling of the Entrails of Virgin is a lumpy feeling, where you can just gape and without anxiety or real horror (look, like the last girl left alive, the virgin of the picture, tries to stop the killer from getting to her, which lasts five minutes, as long as she continues to throw sticks at him!) You just want it done so that the mantra “I hate women” is weakened or completely disposed of.
