Satan's little helper is one of the best horror films I've ever seen. When I speak better, I mean history. The film bears a new storyline, something not so cliché in the horror genre - something fresh. But there are some ridiculous questions that accompany this. Questions that you will ask yourself throughout the film. <br /> <br /> The film first caught my attention when I was traveling through the horror section of HMV. I was tired of all the so-called “terrifying” Hollywood blockbusters and wanted something else. The cover for Satan's Little Helper immediately caught my attention. As you can see, the image attracts you - it is frightening! I knew it was a direct DVD release - but I took a chance. I mean, I just saw "Boogie-won" last night - so it couldn't be worse! After I watched the movie, I was almost satisfied. I really liked the plot of the film. It was really creepy, as the killer was pretending to be a little friend, so he could kill. Somehow sick in an abnormal way, he really thought that he and the little boy would become partners - a duet of terror. It was a great idea to make a movie on Halloween night. Thus, no one will think about a person in a mask next to a small child. They just think he is his guardian. But it is here that “holes in the plot” begin to appear. <br /> <br /> If your son came home with a "friend", he met a trick or a cure - this is normal. You would not think about it - if he was 9 years old, or about the same age as he. However, if he appears with a strange masked man, you will be amazed and protect your child. You would ask the person to take off the mask and identify yourself. You ask why he is with your son. He does not know him. You would tell him, please leave. He is not a friend of the family. He is a stranger. Now we need to teach our child not to talk to strangers. In this case, my mother is all right. BUT? It seems they never think it is strange that the “man” does not speak at all. They think it's your daughter's boyfriend, but after 10 minutes of silence you take off the mask and ask him why he doesn't say a word. <br /> <br /> The film goes down from there. My mother amazed me the most: “Do you want cider?”. I can't count how many times she says that in a movie. It's like, oh, you're dying - we have cider, all is well !! The film began promising, but failed to deliver. It was more horror / comedy, and even though it is not able to deliver. I think you could call it “Dad,” “Flop,” and so on. <br /> <br /> The best thing in the film is the cover. Although something tells me that it does not cost 12 dollars!
