First of all, I want to say that I gave this film 3 out of 10 after some thought. I was going to give him a straight 1, but he got a couple of extra points for counting the body. But that would be about it. Let me explain. I paid literally £ 1 for this DVD at the supermarket because I tend to strongly believe horror films, especially B-movies. But if this film was aimed at status “B”, as I suspect, for a number of reasons (which I will tell in a second), then it failed magnificently. Not only did he shoot B and miss, he landed somewhere around F. This film had so many opportunities to be good, and it almost did not work in all respects. Above, I say that this film was probably aimed at status B, and he seems to be trying to achieve this by trying to mix humor with horror, which can be either very good or very bad. For example, in the later Freddie films (“Warriors of Dreams” and further) it tells about Freddie’s style and how to wear it, which works great! But this film completely exploded in this respect, because the times when they tried to bring in humor were basically just stupid. I admit that by the beginning of the movie the humor was good. In fact, for about half an hour I liked this film, and I was ready to congratulate myself on another successful discovery. But what really killed this film for me was inappropriate murder. For example, when “Satan” beats a cat on a blackboard and writes “boo” with his blood, using his body as a brush. Or when “Satan” bangs the door on a helpless invalid elderly woman. Now I usually don’t mind the senseless killing in movies — hey, that's the point, right? But in these two cases, I just found it extremely offensive and unnecessary for everything, especially in the plot of the film. For me, the film has gone down since then. One of the main disadvantages of this film is that I hated every character in it. Baby Dougie just ridiculous !!! I find it difficult to explain how he could write off all these bodies and people killed before his eyes! I mean, come on !!! I fully understand that in order to star in a horror movie, a character must be somewhat silly, for example, run up the stairs, when you must obviously run out of the house and shout for help, but this child took a cookie! I wanted to kill him myself to the end! It was absolutely unbelievable, and if I had to hear him say, “Spirit!” Once again, I was going to hit my head against the wall - because that was what I was watching in this film. Why I just did not turn off the movie? Mostly because I truly believe that the ending can sometimes redeem a movie. But I was wrong in this matter. The ending did not buy this film, it made me even more angry and did not fit the storyline. I already understood! The killer will always come back dressed like someone else, to be a stupid kid in the house, to meet him in the house and go to the deadly holiday again, because no one suspects him of this costume! I GOT IT! This movie pissed me off physically because it was so stupid! And if for some dirty mistake you end up watching this movie, watch your intestines. Honestly, if this guy really had a gut that would look like this, I would be surprised that he had not yet died, not to mention that someone tore them and tied them to a chair. <br /> <br /> In fact, I’ll even go so far as to say that the only character I liked in this film was actually a killer. Purely because when his comedy routine worked, she worked. In general, the storyline of this film fascinated everything that could be good. Why did the killer kill? I dont know. I can live without knowing who he really was, this is pretty typical, but without any motive — damn, I don't know, I would agree that he had a bad Halloween in his childhood! - it seems more than meaningless, just stupid. Dumb Dumb Dumb Dumb Dumb Dumb. In fact, I hated this film so much that I specifically registered with IMDb to comment on it. Save your money, save sanity. Stay away from that!
