This is an anthology horror movie. It consists of 4 short stories taken from Robert Bloch's fiction (who wrote for Weird Tales and was a personal friend with H.P. Lovecraft, but is best known for the original “Psycho” story). The quality of the stories is very uneven, and I didn’t really think that the movie was creepy or horrible. It would be better to do this as a comedy like “Comedy of Horrors”. Only the last of the four stories was written with humor, and it is probably the best one (the one with Ingrid Pitt). I saw several of these anthological films Amicus, and the only one that was really worth my time was Freddie Francis's "Stories from the Crypt". The anthology style works well for producers, because it means they can hire a group of actors with “big names”, hire them only for one week or so, and then enter the next big name. Thus, in essence, you pay a movie star's salary for 6 weeks, but you get 5 or 6 different names in the fields. But this is very unfortunate for the audience, because the audience would like to see some scenes featuring Peter Cushing, Christopher Lee and Ingrid Pitt together. Instead, they are stuck in these vignettes alone. So let's take a quick look at them in turn. <br /> <br /> The first story tells about Denholm Elliott, who truly admires his attempt to impart some merit to his foolish role as a writer, terrorized by his own character. Unfortunately, the actor who plays Dominic, the source of horror, Tom Adams, looks just silly, which destroys any possible horror. Although, if you want to laugh at it, there are funny things, for example, the scene where Dominic kills the psychiatrist Elliot. This is a patented scene where the killer sneaks up behind the victim, but no one is watching, so the whole public should shout out: “LOOK FOR YOU!” The second story with Peter Cushing. God, I love this man so much. It is a pity that many of his films, like this one, pretty much stink. In the story, he had to crave a long-lost love, and he sees her likeness in a wax museum. This is an absolutely predictable story that will not go anywhere. <br /> <br /> Then you talk a little bit with Christopher Lee, where he plays the father of a small child who turns out to be a witch. Again, this bit could be fun if it were played for laughing. But instead, we should be terrified when Lee slaps the baby, and be surprised when she turns evil. The actress, Chloe Franks, was pretty good in this role of “Bad Seed.” <br /> <br /> The last story is pretty funny ... Ingrid Pitt plays the actress, and John Pertwee plays the actor who accidentally buys a vampire cloak that turns him into a real vampire. This is about all that history has to offer. I was surprised at how bad English was with Ingrid Pitt, probably duplicated in some of the other films I saw her in. <br /> <br /> Not a very memorable film or one that I would recommend to anyone except horror
