The main storyline of the film is unusual. Two women travel the Middle East and discover themselves. Unfortunately, if you are looking for a film about the Middle East and Central Asia, it’s just awful. <br /> <br /> The filmmakers either did not do research, or were incredibly lazy when they shot it. To begin with, the Nuristani, as they were known in the thirties, and, surprisingly, from the 1890s and their forcible conversion to Agnanistan Abdul-Rahman-shah, were not nomads. In fact, they were not nomads after the Aryan invasions of Central Asia more than three thousand years ago. <br /> <br /> Secondly, the city that is being removed as Tehran is not Tehran, which is understandable, but the geography of this region Around the city can not be more striking than the city of Tehran, which is surrounded on all sides by a large mountain range in which all kinds of city prevail. <br /> <br /> Thirdly, Persian, despite the fact that it is spoken in Iran and Afghanistan, has never been heard in the movies. When there are native speakers who do not speak German, they speak Arabic. The “Persian” guards at the border, in fact, say to each other “Ma Hadha ruzal” (this is not a person), and not “Mardian,” as it would be in Persian. In addition, a love song between an Indian princess and one of the main characters is clearly in Spanish. During a conversation in the garden, one of the main characters says that the words “Ferdos” and “jehaan” are used in the Quran, as well as some references to drugs after words. These words certainly never appear in the Quran, since they are Persian for Paradise (indeed, Ferdos and Paradise are very distant relatives between our languages) and Mir, respectively, although Jehan is admittedly close to Yannan. which is hellish in Arabic. When they meet nomads in the desert, they speak Arabic, and this is despite the fact that there are NO Arabic speakers in Iran and Afghanistan, and its use is mainly religious, with some use in education at that time. <Br /> <br /> When they are stopped in Iran before they reach the Afghan border, the people they encounter are completely different from any Iranian group. Their tents are usually Bedouins with carpets that adorn the walls and high profile. In Iran, it is also extremely rare for people to wear turbans if they are not priests. The language spoken is clearly Arabic from the first “Alan wa Sahlan” greeting. When they reach the Kabul desert, they find themselves in sandy sand, completely different from the stone mud found in the arid parts of the Hindu Kush mountain range. There is no light green bush that covers the ground in summer and spring. This area is also not completely absorbed by the extreme mountains of the mountain range, which got its name “Indian assassins”, because of its difficult and restrictive territory. <br /> <br /> In short, the storyline is the only thing you need. in this film that holds any water, and it is still a weak and ordinary place. He lacks any real craving for this, as this is just a story about two women trying to learn about themselves when they get to Nuristan, however, even this is still born and no real development is felt, leaving the heroes at the end ends exactly where they were at the beginning, and nothing has changed, except for the fact that the Second World War began. In short, this is a really bad film, which I would rate at one star if it were not for the good shots of the Bedouins and Levant deserts, even if they were incorrectly named.
