The basic premise of the Miami Golem definitely deserves a place in the top of, say, the 50 most insane cinematic scenes ever recorded! I know that the top 50 do not sound very impressive, but I have seen a lot of really strange films with crazy stories. I was prepared from something confusing, because the film was shot and co-authored by Alberto de Martino, who was one of the most ambitious and creative Italian, but unfortunately underestimated directors. De Martino steals a lot of ideas from successful blockbusters, as most Italian filmmakers did at the time, but he always adds a lot of things to make them even more complex, confusing and overwhelming. Not all de Martino films deserve attention, but some of them are extremely undervalued, such as “Special Magnum for Tony Saitt”, “Holocaust 2000” and “Formula for Murder”. The concept of "Miami Golem" contains elements from a variety of great sci-fi and adventure films (such as "Alien", "Star", "Close acquaintances of the third kind", "ET", ??), but I would not exactly Call it plagiarism. The only thing that is truly shamelessly stolen from another film is a song on a synthesizer theme that sounds almost identical to Axel F. Harold Faltermeyer from Beverly Hills Cop. The rest of the film is an amusing mix of fantasy, fantasy, action, horror and superhero. This, of course, does not always make sense (in most cases, in fact, it is not), but the Miami Golem is undoubtedly a creative and multifaceted film that kept me and my girlfriend from beginning to end. <br /> <br /> The plot is extremely difficult to summarize briefly, but I still try. Skeptical journalist Craig Milford tells the story of a German scientist who allegedly discovered extraterrestrial DNA inside a broken meteorite and managed to clone it. The DNA cell belongs to an evil alien force that has already destroyed another interstellar race in the past, and it will undoubtedly destroy all of humanity as soon as it becomes large enough. If this is no longer problematic enough, rich Mr. Anderson ordered a slowly growing evil fruit to be stolen because he thinks he can manipulate them and use him to achieve world domination. With the help of some good aliens disguised as underground, Craig Milford is faced with the difficult task of protecting the planet from an evil germ. Well, I know that all this sounds grotesque and stupid, but I assure you that Golem Miami is a frivolous and easily digestible film. The first half of the film may seem overly restless and confusing, because Alberto De Martino is trying to keep the plot secret with the help of ridiculous red herrings. There are subconscious ghostly phenomena, supporting characters who overly mysteriously behave without any real reason, and at a certain point there are even speculations about the lost continent of Atlantis. However, this is all misleading stuff for stuffing, and as soon as the situation becomes more or less clear, the Miami Golem will turn into an ordinary fighter of the early 80s with bloody reprisals, vivid chase episodes (in Florida Everglades!), Explosions, causeless deception and nasty little fruit monsters in banks. <br /> <br /> Now I really do not want to create the impression that the Miami Golem is a lost and undeservedly unnoticeable pearl of Italian cinema. Make no mistake, this is a pretty bad movie! Events become sustainable only if you accept the stupidity and inconsistency of the plot, and if you do not succeed, then it is just a continuous surge of negative aspects. Acting is awful awful. In particular, BBC veteran John Ireland, like the archetypal villainous character James Bond, seems to be no less interested in the script. According to his grimaces and the way he gives out his lines, one can say that he also thinks that all production is slow and just signed up for a salary. Laura Trotter is probably the least sexual female object of lust, and the man who painted the surprisingly chaotic VHS cover should have felt the same way because the adorable girl on the cover does not appear anywhere in the film. What an embarrassment this must be for Mrs. Trotter. However, her completely useless naked bodies compensate for this, as she is quite hot from the neck down. And finally, an unforgettable scene in which David Warbeck shoots down a helicopter from a moving school bus with a regular gun! I don’t think that even John Rambo can do this while he is a Vietnamese veteran, and Warback’s character is a simple television reporter.
