Reporter Craig Milford, working in the Public Telecommunications Center. James Keller, gives an interview to a German professor at the University of Florida, who created an unknown creature based on some substance from meteors. But then a man named Anderson, who is trying to control the entire planet with the help of a creature, and his man kill the professor and his assistants and rob the creature. So, Craig and his new female psyche partner, Joanna Fitzgerald, who can communicate not only with humans, but also with the alien friend (s) creatures, begin to find the creature and try to send it to the alien spacecraft ... The film has excellent compositions and frames. For example, he has actor David Warbeck from THE BEYOND, actress Laura Trotter from NIGHTMARE CITY, creator of special visual effects, Sergio Stivaletti from masterpieces Dario Argento, and director (and storyteller) Alberto De Martino of a HUMAN EDGES GLAS with GLODA patterns and in-line patterns, in a group with WOMAS and ADG patterns, in the same time, and in line with the charts and patterns in the charts, in which GOD and HAM systems in the world are in charge, and in the same time, in line with the patterns and patterns in the world, GLAS and GLAS in the world, GLAS with master patterns and GLAD patterns, and GLAS in the world, are in charge of using masterpieces, Alberto de Martino And these talented people make an incredibly bad film, named only by this MAJAMA HEAD, which, in essence, is a mixed film “CLOSING A MEETING OF A THIRD TYPE” with E.T. EXTERNAL. And this not only confusing, but also overflowing film has something worthwhile; genetic engineering with mental research. Therefore, the film has at least one scientific and / or technical flaw; genetic engineering and mental research are never compatible. (Oddly enough, regarding this strangely childish combination of genetic engineering and mental research, the main character, Craig, himself says that it should be a better explanation for the short-haired psychic Joanna. But, in the end, the whole story of the film does not represent and cannot present any BETTER EXPLANATION.) In addition, there is something more ridiculous in this film; his problem music. The fact that the composer, who is considered to be Robert Murray, provides nothing but strangely insistent music created on the basis of BEVERLY-HILLS-COP. I do not want to say that this Italian BEVERLY HILLS COP theme is in itself a particularly bad music, but I must say that it is clear that music is not suitable for this film at all. Indeed, who would think that BEVERLY HILLS COP is compatible with genetic engineering and / or mental research?
