The final score ... who cares is a reality show. He does not love his audience, he indulges lazy television viewers, does not invest anything and does not receive anything. <br /> <br /> “Joe the Millionaire”, the most glaring fake reality show of all, is a television disaster of epic proportions. This is a turning point, bottomless, not only for Fox, but also for the American audience, which actually watches this shit and discusses it the next day. You humans should be ashamed of yourself. As Fox promotes this garbage, he will not make money if he does not look at people (and it was a boy, the final received almost Super Bowl numbers!?). Does it bother you that there are a lot of high-quality shows written, directed, played and, as a rule, applied to them, which are canceled when you sit out and turn this light, cold game show? <br /> <br /> I used to be a loyal supporter of Fox. It is those of us who, like me, love and are looking for high-quality television that helped build Fox in the days of the Married ... with children and the Simpsons. Conveniently enough, none of these shows would have given 6 weeks with the current management. Gale Berman is the "kingdom of terror" as it is often called. The war was waged on the network according to TV scenarios And, oddly enough, they are fans. The very people who helped build them in the beginning. Now we need not only to fight for good shows, but also to fight against our own network. It is incomprehensible to the mind. Nothing Fox has done in the past 3 years makes no sense. From canceling hits like Titus, Futurama, and John Doe (NBC can update Bumtown, but Fox can't raise its wretched head to give the only decent show that they had this season yet one shot?). And the reason they can do all this is the success of such junk as "Joe Millionaire." Now they can say: “We don’t need TV fans, we have a reality show.” It seems that they have no idea that a large audience draw with this junk is inconstant, and WILL throw them as soon as the next hobby comes. Such an alienation of their base will ultimately lead to the death of the network, as it has discarded ABC. <br /> <br /> The show itself is a joke. Here we have a premise, in the now classic Fox trick, which promises us something different and sharp, but then gives us something that is no different from Bach or something else on the big 3. Fox has become mainstream. The finale and the “turn” (quote / excerpt) showed that they have no ideas up their sleeve. Now we know that all these performances, regardless of how they look different, will end with the same cornball, fabulous finale. We saw a bunch of awkward, ambitious actors that the network chose from millions of headshots to match their demographic parade, like school maidens, pretending they like this Evan Marriott because ... well, because it was a competition, and that's what you the Marriott himself must do is like the horribly mutilated man Chro-magnum, who is struggling to make the most simple sentences. But as women (medium to ugly by the way - an important minus - a show of guilty pleasure, like this) can't fall in love with "Joe" with such charming lines as "Look, you're not stupid." /> <br /> I used to think that the people who watched these reality shows / dates / game shows were just too lazy to change the channel, but after Joe Millionaire, I think they really suffer mental disabilities. Come on people, a little more pride in yourself. Demand a little more from your entertainment than IT. <br /> <br /> Boycott FOX.
