The serum begins when Eddie (Derek Phillips) is pleased to learn that he was accepted to medical school to continue the family tradition of becoming a doctor of medicine, like his father Richard (Dennis O'Neill) and his uncle Eddy (David Hickey), however his joy to be short since Eddie had an accident and was hit by a car. Delivered to the nearest hospital, poor Eddie is not well, so his uncle Eddie convinces his brother Richard to allow him to save Eddie with the serum he developed, which will give the recipient the opportunity to heal any wounds. or disease. Desperate to have his boy live, Richard agrees, but this procedure has undesirable side effects, such as turning Eddie into a zombie eating a brain, which is simply not good ... <br /> <br /> Head created and directed by Steve Frank I will be completely frank and say that the serum is terrible, the serum is one of those budgetless horror films, which is trying to take away from any other many things, and in the end it turns out a little more fun than pulling out the nails with pliers. The script is terrible, the whole Re-Animator (1985) feels crazy scientists holding huge syringes trying to kill death, but it’s so boring that it’s not true, the first forty minutes is nothing more than a boring soap opera that’s nothing to expect that it will take time when Eddie arrives home after spending some time away and finds that his ex-girlfriend has made friends with someone else, argues with his stepmother, gets drunk with his friend and, as a rule, tires the audience. So, as soon as the tedious first forty minutes were over, and if you were still watching him, it would take another twenty minutes to revive Eddie, and then he killed a couple of people, the police caught up with him and shot him dead, the end. Thank God. The serum is devoid of any characteristics that could be associated with a good movie, the character sucks, the dialogue is bad, too serious, dull, slow, easily forgotten, and considering that this is a horror movie. there is an alarming lack of blood, blood, or horror. Not recommended, did I mention that the serum was boring? I thought so. <br /> <br /> Directed by Franke does nothing to revive this business, although there is no style in it. There are no blood levels, there is some blood spatter, a bitten neck, a pair of scars on the face of a dead woman, a couple of scenes where the needle pierces the skin - that's all. Do not wait for the Re-Animator in the blood department, because if you do this, you will be very disappointed, just as I really was. Filmed in the same house, restaurant and laboratory, the film also has no diversity and looks just cheap. There are several scenes of nudes, but this is not enough to save her. <br /> <br /> Technically, the film is not so bad, at least, it seems that suitable cameras were used, I can not comment on the special effects, because there is no serum at all, they look quite professional. Apparently shot in Texas, or did it have to read that he was literally shot in Texas? The action sucks, although, again, I think they were real actors, not friends or the director's family. <br /> <br /> Serum is a terrible film, boring, slow, boring, without gore and like a terrible soap opera for the first forty minutes. I don’t understand why someone would feel the need to watch it, when instead he can watch Re-Animator or one of his sequels again, seriously, I recommend you skip the serum. There I just saved you from losing 90 minutes of your life, you can thank me later.
