"Serum" begins with titles, which are very similar to the films "Resuscitator", and it owes them a lot. The story is very similar; the mad doctor is developing a serum that, in his opinion, will ease pain, illness and death, but he is obviously not a big supporter of clinical trials and therefore it turns out that his nephew has a brain-eating zombie in his arms. Zombies even look like one of the "Resuscitator", and in fact some of the effects of makeup in the "Serum" are not bad. Unfortunately, the script is rather slow and unbelievable in many places, which leads to the sensation of a soap opera throughout most of the first 3/4 of the film. For some reason, the director is forced to tell us the time of day every few minutes, flashing it in big white letters on the screen. I can not understand why this was important, except as an attempt to give the audience a sense of time; sometimes it could not be otherwise, as the plot unfolds. <br /> <br /> There are a number of points that are simply not cumulative. For example, one victim is hammered with a sledgehammer, but when we see the victim's head close, there are no signs of this injury. In another scene, the character runs along a fully illuminated hospital corridor (in fact, we can see circles of light on the floor) with a flashlight in hand, searching the whole world as if he is walking in the dark ... but after a moment, the second character follows the same thing lighted corridor without one. These are just a couple of examples; moments of what looks like uncut or editorial sloppiness are quite common throughout the entire film. <br /> <br /> “Serum” is in some ways better than most of what looks like independent horror lately. In terms of technical subjects, sound and photography, for example ?? he has a more sophisticated look than many on DVD. On the other hand, there are still many wooden actions (especially one of the main characters, the most insane scientist!) And senseless moments that have nothing to do with the suspension of unbelief and everything related to writing and continuity. Perhaps these are the things with which people involved in making this film will ultimately gain more experience. One of the problems with low-budget independent horror lately is that filmmakers often intended to remake more popular films with a large budget, and this almost never works. In any case, in the case of the "serum" this did not happen.
