Green Street, as it was called in the UK, or “Hooligans” is a bad movie. The story is full of fantastic ideas and prerequisites, which everyone who lives in England, was at a football match or knows about football first thing, will immediately discover. <br /> <br /> My first major problem with hooligans is the poor. casting the two main characters. Don't get me wrong, I like Elijah Wood, and I really respect his work, but, despite all his efforts, he struggled to cope with this role. The main motivation for his character is anger at the system and anger at betrayal, but he spends most of the movie serenely and joyfully, showing his restrained aggression in only one short scene by the end of the movie. This is due to his appearance and physique, which makes him an absolutely unconvincing addition to the gang of football hooligans. Never during the film, I was convinced that a) he could deal with himself in the fight against such thugs and b) the "firm" of thugs would take such a person into their ranks. <br /> <br /> Another Main Character is played by Charlie Hannam. Charlie looks the part, and quite convincingly, like a gangster. Unfortunately, being a native of Newcastle upon Tyne in the north of England, he has been showing the worst East London accent since Dick Van Dyke tried to become a hooligan in Mary Poppins. Details like this probably won't bother the American audience, who will be less tuned in to the regional dialect in the UK, but, being from the UK, it was a problem that I could not ignore, and this contributed to the destruction of the film for me. All supporting actors gave convincing performances and were well played, especially the role of Bower. The guy playing this character would be much more suitable for the main role played by Charlie. With this film, you must convince the audience that your characters are believable, unfortunately, the casting failed. Imagine that you starred in a film like The Godfather, and played Michael Corleone as Sean Hayes (Jack) from the film “Will and Grace.” You would not be convinced. The story in the Hooligan is also full of implausibility. I'm not a football bully, but I'm a fantastic football fan. I know how much a clique can be a group of “regular” football fans, so for a non-football fan who does not support the club in question, this is impossible, not from the area in question and not even from English citizenship should be perceived as a “company” that equals secret organization in some serious cases. My latest and biggest problem with this film is how he portrays football hooligans. I object to the idea of ​​the film that, despite the fact that they are very cruel people, hooligans are justified because they live by some kind of code of ethics in their own world, and they should be admired for being courageous and loyal to each other. This is complete rubbish. Football hooligans - complete scum. They take football, the national sport of England, and use it as an excuse to terrorize, scare and intimidate people. They represent only a small percentage of football fans, but give a bad reputation to the whole game and the people of this country. They are not brave and not loyal, they are cowardly and evil. If “GSE” in this film truly loved their West Ham club, why devote your life to being a spot on its name. Bullies confuse football and English society. Football hooligans do for the reputation of football that Hitler did for the reputation of the Germans. Although this film is trying / intends to show the "rough" side of football violence. This is nothing more than promoting it as a kind of excuse for extreme sports fans. It does not show poor innocent supporters at football matches whose day is ruined by some idiot throwing coins / lighters / glass into the crowd. It does not show the innocent owners of the house and property that have to put up with graffiti and broken windows. This does not show the PRESENT fans of football clubs who suffer from resentment and embarrassment, when supporters of their teams are forbidden to travel to away matches or abroad to European games, because thugs among them destroy it for everyone. If you want to watch a good movie about football violence, check out the BBC drama “The Firm.”
