The first film "The Matrix" was filled with an incredible development of characters, witty dialogue and fighting scenes that corresponded to the flow of history. These elements - combined with the incredible special effects of the day - were a magical journey that kept you on your toes all the time. Enter Matrix Reloaded (and its continuation, Revolutions). The problem here is not in special effects or battle sequences, as some might argue; The brothers took the well-developed characters from the first film and hollowed them out like rotten logs of trees. The connection that was first established between the audience and the characters on the screen in the first movie is lost when you realize that these are not the same characters from the first movie, The Matrix. <br /> <br /> That is, Morpheus was designed as a charismatic, philosophical character with an insight far superior to everyone else in the film, but here in Reloaded, we are represented by another Morpheus who stands firm and full banal odnostrochnikov that contradict the character that we saw, is developed in the first film. This character simply did not feel the same, and it can also be said about the secondary characters in the film. <br /> <br /> Removing the Tank was also a disappointment. Tank’s participation in the first film was minimal at best, but he played this role extremely well. In Reboot, we learn that Tank dies after the events in the first film, and it is replaced by a backup, Jar Jar Binks, who cannot save his life (think of Kellogg's stale box of cornflakes). His speech made me laugh, and most of his conversational dialogue did not have enough time. There was a stunning feeling that he either tried too hard to convey his emotions on the screen, or the delivery of the script was turned off; in any case, the experience was humorous! At times I felt embarrassed because of the actor .... <br /> <br /> Even the divine personality of Neo was suspect during most of the fighting. The battle in the alley with 200 clones of Agent Smith was, of course, exaggerated. For a man as gifted as Neo, one has to wonder that he would even waste his time participating in such a fruitless, frivolous battle when more pressing issues are present (especially considering his ability to fly or his godless ability to bend the Matrix; of course Neo could send clones much faster and more efficiently). Again, such actions succumb to a scenario that is obstructed by the sequence, and scenes created as filler to keep us from feeling bloated. As a joke, our expectations from the characters created in the first film are quickly discarded. Unfortunately, for those who expect more, you will surely leave with a feeling of deep disappointment. <br /> <br /> However, if you take Reloaded as a standard, mediocre action movie and forget the incredible inconsistencies of the story and promotion of the character’s already developed character from the first film, you should leave feeling quite happy.
