Watchable a little half, but hardly captivating. Two or three fun moments. What surprises me is how slippery and morally extremely dubious McNicol. She plays an invalid (a problem with the leg), but she is not only not the “ugly duckling” that men avoid, but she is even a cannibal - and we must feel her! Oh, poor little McNicol, with her leg problem ... Poor little McNichol ??! She constantly gets passes from men and even throws them off without even blinking! One day she even had a deliberate one-day romance with a bright stallion, and then she completely carelessly tells her newly found French girl that it took him a while to get an erection! Makes us viewers wonder why she is so afraid of her feet, if every guy wants to hug her. Well, almost every guy; the only guy who really avoided her when he saw that her leg was wrapped in metal was a guy working on the phone. But otherwise, she seems to do an excellent job with men! No shyness, no success with men, and she throws them out like toys; The way she threw Carradine was ridiculous. Poor little invalidka ?? I do not think so. And yet we must believe that this woman has a serious problem of trust; hence the scene in which she is preparing to start playing the flute for a solo concert and somehow manages to throw notes on the ground due to nervousness. Nervousness?? In the rest of the film, little or nothing is shown, which suggests that she has problems with certainty, so this flute scene is absurd and does not fit into the big picture. I was also surprised at how quickly and willingly McNicol became friends with a French woman who was fucking a married guy. At first glance, the film may seem like a “sentimental story of the struggle of one disabled woman for recognition” (or something like that), but this is not at all the case; The writer obviously switches between this type of film and the film “Screw everything that moves - this is a film of the 80s” - very confusing. <br /> <br /> As for her legs: she doesn’t have a big, thick purple ball growing on her calf muscles. She "only" has a normal-looking metal prosthesis attached to the bottom of her leg, so I really do not understand why the filmmakers are trying to create the impression that she is a Quasimodo woman or something like that. the beginning of the movie. Not that she had a double head on her neck! Although McNicol is hardly the main prey. Like cutis, but nothing special, pretty average. <br /> <br /> But what the hell is Carradine doing, playing a kind of (relatively) sleek guy, flirting with McNicol and her boyfriend ?! This guy was in Revenge of the Offenders! But I believe that with the Carradins in films is the same as with Kennedy in politics: no matter how ugly, incapable, or stupid, all doors are open to a career in film and politics, respectively. <Br /> <br /> Down with cronyism. <br /> <br /> If you want to read fictitious biographies about Carradins and other Hollywood nepotists and morons, please contact me by email.
