Another double noir on one of the Warner Home Video discs and, of course, the best of the two films is the wonderful 1950 thriller Where Danger Loves RKO. This is a memorable classic with a great cast of Robert Mitchum, Faith Domerg and Claude Raines. Photographed clearly in black and white by Nicholas Musuraka, he was toughly directed by John Farrow. “Where the danger lives” is a vivid example of the noir-style of painting, and he will always be remembered for his stylish workmanship, which was in the past in Hollywood (see My full review). <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, none of the best can be applied to the second movie on the disc, the disastrous MGM of 1949, the bitch TENSION! Badly written (Allen Rivkin) and directed by John Berry this film is full of ridiculous characteristics and unexpected situations. The incomprehensible relationship between the meek and the stupid pharmacist - politely played by Richard Beyshart - and his frankly pompous wife (the perilous Audrey Totter) are absolutely implausible and unconvincing (like, damn, they ever got together, nobody guessed). Then, when she "unsurprisingly" throws him for the sake of one of her playmates (Lloyd Gough), our timid pharmacist, instead of being in the euphoria and the full moon, with her new success, plotting revenge and trying to kill Gough, but in the last the chickens come out a minute, the Guy is still being killed, and our pharmacist is immediately suspected by the detective in charge of investigating the murders of Barry Sullivan (another light idea). So who killed him? Well, at this stage of the film you really do not care, because all this is so poorly performed and funny director Berry. Mr. Berry does not know how to walk, and cannot even give the subject a style. He cannot put anything in front of the camera that would prevent you from falling asleep! The only VOLTAGE contained in this film is a rubber band that stretches to the limit and snaps Barry Sullivan’s fingers when he gives an introduction to the opening of the film. So much for that! The most unfortunate effort! C'est La Vie! <br /> <br /> The best in this turkey is the smooth monochrome cinematography of the great Harry Stradling, the spectacular score of young Andre Previn and the early dramatic appearance of the beautiful Sid Charisse before she found her dancing shoes. Hello! - maybe she could save the picture if she gave us a few steps and a couple of pirouettes! Huh? <br /> <br /> In his favor, however, included a bunch of add-ons that can boast of trailers, comments and reports for both films. But the disc is worth only one for RKO Mitchum classic!
