Robin Cook's novel "Coma" was already turned into a fairly successful film in 1978. A couple of years later it was the turn of another bestseller Robin Cook to get a big screen, but in the case of the Sphinx, almost all of this can go wrong. This is a terrible adventure film, consisting of wooden performances, silly dialogue, inconclusive characters and lead rhythm. The only reason he avoids the “1 out of 10” rating is that the Egyptian background provides infinitely more charm than the story itself. It is hard to believe that Franklin J. Schaffner (from Patton and Planet of the Apes) is the director of this catastrophe. <br /> <br /> Sweetheart Egyptologist Erica Baron (Lesley Ann-Down) is on working leave in Cairo when she stumbles upon the shop of antiques dealer Abdu-Hamdi (John Gilgud). Hamdi is friends with Erica and is impressed with her enthusiasm and knowledge. Consequently, he shows her the beautiful and incredibly rare statue of Faro Seti I, which he secretly keeps in his shop. The existence of the statue itself causes great excitement in Erik, since it can provide vital keys to the discovery of the long-lost tomb of Seti I, the same reward as the opening of the tomb of Tutankhamen in 1922. Before Hamdy can say more to Erika, he is brutally murdered in his shop, and Erika watches in silent horror as he meets his terrible end. Frightened, but still scared by what he saw, Erica tries to find a treasure. She finds that she is helped and hampered in her search by various other parties, none of whom are truly trustworthy. For example, Yvon (Maurice Rone) is a friend, but maybe a man with ominous ulterior motives? Then there is Akmed Hazzan (Frank Langella), an Egyptian, to whom Erika feels a certain attraction, but who can also hide dangerous secrets from her. <br /> <br /> The biggest problems with the Sphinx usually arise from its total complexity. credibility dislikes. Down can not be less convincing as a female Egyptologist ?? it can be assumed that she would be quite educated and resourceful, but still she spends the whole film on a helpless cry, like some busty girl from a teen movie. In those rare cases where she doesn’t actually run away from a potential villain, she does other mindless things, such as photographing with a Polaroid flash in a grave 4000 years old! The plot twists, at least, the hard, mostly consist of revelations and double crosses that can be predicted in advance. You can’t even try to enjoy a movie at the level of a dull, but exciting action game, because the pace is terribly sluggish. That little action can be found is separated by long patches of boredom. The famous film review announced: “The Sphinx stinks!” The two-hour film has never been so well described in two words.
