This film has nothing to do with the Sphinx, and the title is just an invention. This story concerns an imaginary true and hidden tomb in the Valley of the Kings, King Seti I, the second pharaoh of the 19th dynasty, the period of the New Kingdom. This is a good yarn, and most of the film was shot on the spot. Even the scenes in the lobby of the Winter Palace Hotel in Luxor were actually filmed there, and not in the studio. The second division is infinite, and must have been released for several weeks in Egypt. Frank Langella is very good as a sophisticated Egyptian. He should take it for the sideline. The film is essentially destroyed by one of the most annoying actresses in the world, Lesley Ann Down, who plays a major role. She is interested in the whole part of the film, how she looks, how her blue eyes refract light at the right angle, do her guys crave, etc. Having begun life as a model at the age of ten, what hope can she have? ? She personifies everything that is most disgusting in women's vanity and stupidity. And to think that this film was directed by Franklin Schaffner, who received an Oscar for Patton! He lets this horrible actress whimper and simplify throughout the film, hysterically in an instant, flirting with the next, in some hurricane of idiocy, when she rolls from one man to another, either screaming or looking into the bedroom, it doesn't matter . She must be a young Egyptologist. But she had never been to Egypt before! She takes a taxi to Giza and, seeing her first look at the pyramids, is delighted: “But they are so BIG !!!!” Barf! Well, it was a script, but she’s too eager to be banal, giving the impression that this is her natural element, which I don’t doubt for a minute. Elements of the story sound. Indeed, there is a serious problem with the black market of antiquities. True! Well done! Robin Cook's novel, which I have not seen, may be good for everyone that I know. It was funny to see the name of Cyril Swern as a sound engineer in the film, since I had known him for quite some time. Step-daughter Stanley Kubrick Katharina is called a “rough woman.” I wonder what that means? Maybe she did some recruiting work. Anyway, the antiquities in the film are pretty good, actually. And we can see a lot of Cairo Museum and numerous scenic spots. They actually enter the tomb of King Tutankhamen! I don't think this will be allowed for the film today. Many inappropriate scenes happen in mosques. Today it will not be good, but in 1981 such issues were not on the agenda. The music for the film is absolutely awful, actually worse than Leslie Ann Down! But there were elements of the soundtrack that were surprisingly authentic, one of which was the cacophony of road noise in Cairo, which is accurately reproduced in the background, and made anyone who knows Cairo laugh nervously. In addition, calls to prayer, another touch of authenticity are heard all the time. Why didn't they get it right? It might be good.
