I agree with most of the comments that I saw written. I grew up on Seseme Street before there were a lot of people who wrote comments. I was born in 1964, so I was 5 years old when I was introduced to television on Seseme Street. The show taught me my numbers (graph), spelling (mappet) and life. I liked all the old characters (Big Bird, Oscar, Grover and Cookie Monster), and I don’t quite understand why they had to change. I understand that everything must somehow change, but turn Cookie Monster into a "vegetarian monster" to promote healthy eating. From the very beginning, new characters and monsters were presented in the show, so why not create a separate “vegetarian monster” that tells / discusses the benefits of a varied diet with Cookie Monster. But back to my point. I grew up watching at the very beginning of Seseme, my 20-year-old daughter grew up watching CO with me, and we discussed the death of Mr. Hooper, although he died before her birth, as well as other topics on the show. I saw this episode as an older child, and I still remember how well they portrayed this event, as in real life. And I am sure that he hit the cast very hard, as all death and loss affect families. You saw it on the show, and it allowed parents and children to discuss very complex events. The show talked about traditional families, foster families and national families. This is one of the few shows that discuss these scenarios. Now I have a 5-year-old daughter who doesn’t really look at the SS. I tried to watch the show a couple of times, but in fact this is not what it was before. Elmo 1/2 hours with Mr. Noodle is absolutely ridiculous. As many people said, it does not teach anything. It is adapted for children under 18 months (maybe), and not even funny. I have always been proud to look at SS as a child, teenager and adult with my child. Now, in my second round, it’s really hard for me to watch SS. Topics discussed: death, marriage, non-traditional families, newcomers to neighborhoods, departure, were associated with children and adults in a spirit that is understandable for 2-99 years, and understandable to them. Now there are NO concepts, the minimum count, only a random mention of the alphabet. This is NOT the same SS, from the original observer of the show. PLEASE, if the producers from the show read these comments, return the show to its base. New concepts have never been a problem with SS, they just had the best way to include them in the show.
