If you want to watch a movie that terribly mixes one Latin country with any other Latin country, “The Celestine Prophecy” is a good example: 1. Peru, even in the most cruel times, did not show as many policemen or soldiers as in this film. This was shown by countries like El Salvador when the civil war began. Since I am a Peruvian who lives in Lima (the capital of Peru), it was too funny for me to see the police here, there and everywhere. 2. If you have a car in Peru, and you want (or want) to be a taxi driver, just put a sticker with the word “Taxi” on the front window of your car, and you can freely drive through the Peruvian streets (ibid.). There are taxis, but their prices are quite expensive). There is no need for a yellow or black and white square on the doors of your car. Well, the taxi in this film has a group that you will never see in Peru. 3. The Peruvian people are not Caribbean clothing. For example, when a taxi driver comes out, he was wearing a “Guayabera” (Cuban shirt), a white hat and a mustache from the 40s, like Clark Gable. No Peruvian man looks like that, please! Peru is not the Caribbean! 4. The scene shows a woman on the street with a rather long skirt, as in typical Latin American folklore dresses. Take a walk somewhere in Peru and you will never find such a woman in such clothes if you don’t watch a typical dance. 5. The cast could be better: I cannot deny that Hector Elizondo is a great actor, but he is not a Latin actor (his father was a Basque and his mother was from Puerto Rico, but he was born in New York), but his spanish is not fluent This infamous spanish is not his native language. There are dozens of very good Latin actors who could play the role of Cardinal Sebastian. Petrus Antonius (General Rodriguez) was also a poor choice for a “Latin police officer.” It was so funny to see Elizondo and Petronius in the office of General Rodriguez. They looked like two English or American students in a Spanish class, trying their best to pronounce Spanish. Unsuccessfully, of course. Kastulo Guerra was better in Spanish. The Peruvian officer who announced Cardinal Sebastian also spoke Spanish very funny. There are very good Peruvian actors, such as Augusto Alvarez-Calderon and Christian Meyer (just to mention two of the many Peruvian actors) who could perform excellently. 6. I admit that a fictional film can afford to invent cities or even countries. But please, when creating a name, be careful when using a foreign language: the city depicted in this film should have been called Vicente, not Vicente. Vicente is a male name, and Vicente was never used. 7. I disagree with one user who says that this film was shot in different places in Peru. No place is Peruvian, although the production used excess posters with the inscription "Inca Cola", Peruvian soda. Like many American films, this must have used any Latin country. After all, for a American producer or director, a Latin place is identical to any other Latin place. 8. In the first scenes, when John (Matthew Settle) flies to Peru, he should arrive at the only international airport in Peru: Jorge Chávez Airport (in the capital Lima). In fact, believe me, it should be any airport in the world, except Peruvian. And, of course, there are no military or police guards in Peruvian airports. 9. When this John rents a room in a Peruvian hotel, this one has a fan and, obviously, no air conditioning. Please, this does not happen in any hotel in Peru (and in other Latin American countries), unless you get a 1-star hotel! 10. The rebels who fight against the government are ... ¡Colombians! Their accent was, no doubt, from Colombia. For their casting, the producers had to hire Peruvian actors. In a nutshell, in Peru it would be cheaper to shoot. <br /> <br /> I could continue with other examples from this film, which prompted me to give him a “1” (terrible) voice, but I fell asleep about 20 minutes after it began. But dear producers: this is not a tragedy: there are many worse films with no fewer mistakes. Let's just remember “Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull” and the indescribable “New Gutter of the Emperor” Disney. The list of bad movies can be endless ...
