The film provides a rather concise version of what is contained in the book, which, as far as I can tell, by doing some research and investigating the facts, is largely a fantastic piece. In fact, there are no ancient scrolls, and if the author was in difficulty, I am sure that he would have to admit that he had never seen the scrolls of ancient Aramaic, found in Peru. These “valuable” texts, written, as usual, by anonymous, were destroyed by evil “haters of truth” in the church and in local authorities. This is rather strange, because every year New Age shit comes out - hundreds of books, dozens of films - and the Roman Catholic Church does not seem to me to be obsessed with destroying a movement that she probably looks like me, a complete shard of doodie. Notice, I'm not a fan of the church, but at least the ancient texts on which they base their faith are real. <br /> <br /> This is a typical picture of scammers and religious traffickers who claim to have seen or translated ancient documents that, unfortunately, were destroyed by “evil” people or in the case of Joseph Smith, returned to heaven after the transfer. Therefore, these texts can not be found in any museum, such as the Smithsonian Institution, and in translations verified by experts in ancient languages ​​such as Coptic or Aramaic. This is a scam. In a sense, I admire someone smart enough to come up with a great idea and make millions on it, but I could not do it myself, since I have no desire to mislead the public with a lot of New Age Hokum. <Br /> <br /> Sometimes a genuine ancient text is hidden and lost for many years. The gospel of Judas, a gnostic text, was discovered after carbon dating and diligent study of a text that was recognized by experts as authentic. The Gospel of Judas was mentioned as heretical around 300 AD. In no church documents of that time are there any references to Celestine prophecies as genuine, heretical, or any other. <br /> <br /> We are evolving to something - this is true - but optimism in Celestinsky prophecy is based only on fiction and lies, and a philosophy built on the basis of lies, like a castle on the sand, will collapse. The harsh, ugly, overcrowded, cruel world of Blade Runner is likely to be what it will be beyond the horizon than some kind of utopian hippie commune, where everything is love and peace! I tell people the truth, and they hate me, but tell them what they want to hear, even if it is a clean spot, and you can earn millions. Celestine's prophecy is what the world wants to hear. It is a pity that this is a castle built on sand. Do not get me wrong. I wish God that the Celestine Vision was a reality, but it is not. No ancient philosophy has ever expressed the ideas expressed in insights with the modern concept of spiritual evolution, which goes hand in hand with biological evolution. These New Age ideas did not exist in the ancient world and did not exist until the Darwinian Evolution did not become known. This means that the ideas in the Prophecies of Celestine cannot be older than the 1800s BC, and do not go back to the early BC or the time of Jesus of Nazareth. This type of claim by New Agers is not unusual. Wiccans claim that their mark of magic and witchcraft is the “old religion” that dates back to the Stone Age, when in fact no Book of Shadows ever existed before Gerald Gardner, who lived in the 1900s and was a friend of Alistair. Crowley. <br /> <br /> New Age gurus are lying and claiming that their ideas are based on ancient teachings, when the ancients bore their nose on such absurdities that today preach the Guru. Why do they do what they do, commit such a scam? It's simple: you need to earn millions of dollars, and the modern Guru gains power over his followers. They compete fiercely and have a strong hatred of their rivals, despite their claims to love all things. Every New Age group stands up to the rest. This is a fight for your minds and wallets. <br /> <br /> But find out from me one thing that actually looks like one of the ideas, learn to follow your own instincts and look for guidance from the inside. I can sincerely agree with this.
