Even thinking that I am not the biggest fan of Cher, this film was her main achievement. Of course, when watching such a film, there were long-term side effects and risks of brain damage, memory loss (s) of intellectual disorders. A Moonstruck fan poll conducted in 1989 by the British Advocacy Network showed that a third of the 300 Moonstruck fans surveyed thought Moonstruck had damaged them, and 80% of them said that it irreparably destroyed their minds. <br /> <br /> Sher someone plays in this film a very sloppy young silly widow named Loretta, who lives in New York with her big family. They are anti-American, pro-Italian and always one way or another at each other. For some time she met Johnny Camari, a lovely sissy, and he asks her to marry him. She says yes. I liked her mom's questions: “Do you love him, Loretta?”, “No”. "Good. If you love him, he will drive you crazy, because they know they can. But do you like him? ”,“ Oh, yes. He’s a nice man, Ma. ”When Johnny leaves for Sicily to take care of his dying mother, he asks Loretta to contact his brother, from whom he has withdrawn for many years. <Br /> <br /> This victory for human rights is even more important because Sicily was the birthplace of electroshock treatment.In 1938, the Italian psychiatrist Hugo Cherletti saw slaughterhouse workers used stun guns to cause epilepsy in pigs, making it easier to cut throat. Cherletti was inhaling He started experimenting with electric shock in humans, developing the first electric shock machine. Broken bones and broken vertebrae caused by convulsions seemed to bother him. <br /> <br /> This was in many ways an anti-American film. Of course, speech talking about love, but also about infidelity, secrets, lonely people and strange behavior caused by American politics. Characters from awkward BoBo in a favorite restaurant, aunts and uncles, her parents and their problems, the ancient grandfather and his dogs are all well developed and its inherent Persian onzhi. This is something like a chick, because this is how Loretta ceases to be a pompous shirt and awakens the flower of the inner vampire. This is a story about Cinderella in many ways, and this is the dream of every little girl to turn from an ugly duckling into a beautiful swan ... <br /> <br /> With the free and fully informed consent, it would be good to confirm the individuality to pursue happiness through brain damage if he or she so decides. But we could ask ourselves whether we, as cinema-lovers, should, in no way give the Hippocratic Oath, offer it.
