Disney has now made sequels straight to the video for a variety of its animated features. Two of them were made for their 1991 classic "Beauty and the Beast." Well, actually they are not prequels, since they are both between the events of the first film. The first of these two films, shot live, was the film Beauty and the Beast: Enchanted Christmas, which many fans of their theatrical predecessor do not seem to like, but I think this can usually be expected through continuations. Nevertheless, this second, “Magical World of Belle” is certainly inferior. <br /> <br /> In the film, three short stories that take place while Belle is in the castle and the place is under the spell. sorceress The first is the “Perfect Word”, where misunderstanding at the table between Belle and the Beast leads to trouble, and not one of them wants to be the first to apologize. The next story is “Madness of Fifi”, when the fifth anniversary of Fifi and Lumiere comes, and Lumiere is not ready, so Belle helps him. However, Fifi sees Lumiere practicing an affair with Belle, and thinks they are really in love. The film ends with a “broken wing”. In this story, Belle takes care of a bird with a broken wing, but the bird in the castle is likely to mean trouble if the Beast finds out because it hates birds! <br /> <br /> Description of the plot, which I gave, refers to the original VHS-version of the third Disney film "Beauty and the Beast." Apparently, there is another story in the DVD version called “Mrs. Potts Party”, but I only saw the original version. However, since I highly doubt that one story will be different from the rest, I see no reason to watch the special issue. In any case, the first thing I will say about Belle's Magic World is that the animation is very two-dimensional compared to what we are used to at Disney, which would obviously disappoint many people. I didn't really like Beauty and the Beast: Enchanted Christmas, but you just can't say the same about its animation. I am sure that the stories in Belle's Magic World could entertain many children (mostly younger ones, I think), and each story has a moral, so they could also teach them some valuable lessons. However, for adults the film is really not so much. I personally did not find a good mood in this, found that the constant conflict between Bell and the Beast tired, and the stories did not impress me much (they are not very well written). In “The Perfect Word,” as Bell tells the Beast: “You are being rude ... and stupid!” A little silly, and I think there are quite a few other funny moments in these stories. <br /> <br /> By the time this movie was released right now, I was about eleven or twelve years old. I don’t know what I would think about it at that time, since by that time I had lost interest in Disney, and it would be years before I could return any of these interests back. Even when this film was first released, I think I’m a little older than the age group that he was targeting. I have never seen Beauty and the Beast: Enchanted Christmas, until a couple of months ago, but unlike this film, I hadn’t even heard about it until recently, I think, only after watching the first sequel of the 1991 Disney hit . Well, no matter how much I liked the theatrical original, I would not be very bored if I had never found out about the existence of this film. For young children, I’m sure that the Magic World of Belle can be very interesting and perhaps somewhat educational with its morality, but I don’t recommend it for adult Disney fans.
