Like this! Up to 9 years on average, but maybe up to 12 years for some others! I was 11 years old when I first saw it on video, and in such a youth I could not notice the crappy quality of the cartoon or the fact that those classic characters we all love are not the same or not so good to see them. Almost everything is so 2D here! Belle, I agree, not even beautiful, but just a kind woman with tinted skin, she is wearing the same bright blue dress without a single glamorous dress. The wardrobe, let's say, is the least annoying - my ears can bleed if I had to listen to it every day! Lumiere, both in the original and in the Christmas edition, was courteous and elegant, but here he is a feminine, unfunny jerk! Cogsworth, in spite of the fact that he is not the stupidest housemaid, for which he is famous, is a complete crappy and most unbearable character of all that I can say! It seems that he always discovers that he closes this unbearably tearing hole from his very difficult ones, and whose dial really should have been used to return in time to two unforgettable films in this series! Poor, poor Mrs. Potts was not revived by Angela Lansbury (one of my favorite classic actresses), but Ann Rogers, who did not capture any of Mrs. Potts' characters, do not hurt her! Not if she did her best! When the beast roars, it sounds so horribly fake, without any additional roars, growls or growls from the microphone. I know that this is only the third feature after the other two films, so, of course, it would not be so good, but I’m sure that a greater contribution would not hurt Disney artists who have really achieved such wonderful animation styles over the years. I think everything is all right, and I sometimes watch it, although only when it suits me. It is very difficult to give a recommendation to you when reading this, because it depends on how old you are, but remember that this is not at all what you can expect from earlier exciting films! And to think that on my video about this text on the back cover read: "boast a brilliant animation!" This is a nice little click, but, on the one hand, it is also very poor, and, on the other hand, these 3 words should have been saved for the next reprint of the original!
