SPOILER WARNING: There are a few minor spoilers in this review. Do not read it outside of the first paragraph if you plan to watch a movie. <br /> <br /> There is currently a policy on the Disney channel that allows you to download movies and show them once a month on a cable channel. Most of them are mediocre and gray, with a few good elements, but still disappointing (“Ghost of the megaplex”, “Stepsister from the planet, strange”, “Zeno: a 21st century girl”). From time to time they do something really, really great (“Genius”, “Other I”). But from time to time The Disney Channel makes a huge mistake and gives us a real bitch. This month (December 2000), the Absolute Christmas Gift was shown on Disney Channel, which I thought was terrible because of bad writing and bad playing. Apparently, a few days before Christmas, “Brainiacs.com” ran out to jump on the holiday, because the plot is connected with toys. They even paid for the TV Guide feature, so I thought it should be better than the norm. I was completely shocked. Only Disney's “Model Behavior” was worse than that. <br /> <br /> The plot was more far-fetched than usual. I usually let it slide, but here it only goes too far. Matthew Tyler became very ill, because his widowed father spends most of his time at work. His father owns a small toy factory, which took large loans in a scrupulous bank to stay afloat. Again and again, his father must skip the plans he is making with his son and daughter. Matthew decides that the only way to spend time with his father is to become a boss and order him to stay home. He had the idea of ​​creating a website on which children from all over the world could find and send him a dollar in order to invest in a computer chip that his sister invented. This whole concept is full of delusions. When children send millions of dollars, Matthew opens a bank account of his own company and buys most of his father’s shares. He is a secret boss, but he does not disclose this to his father, but instead presents himself at a council meeting as a cartoon image via a computer. This image itself is so complicated (and ridiculous) that someone cannot create it at home, especially one who is faced with such stupidity as Matthew. In short, Matthew orders his father to spend more time having fun and go about his business with his children, but a federal agent discovers that he asks about Matthew's company because she is fraudulent. <br /> <br /> a lot of wrong here. As already mentioned, what they are doing here is impossible even for real geniuses who are not these children. A website, a cartoon image, a computer chip, and even what they are taught in school are too complicated for these children. The actions of most actors, especially Kevin Kilner, are terrible. Some familiar faces are in vain. Dom DeLuise plays the evil bank owner, but its role is one-time. He has one good scene with Alexandra Paul (which shows that she knows how to act) in which he explains her motives, but no more. And Rich Little wasted as a judge. There are even some offensive and inappropriate anti-Russian jokes. But the greatest atrocities are tough topics. These themes are featured in many films of The Disney Channel, but never before have these ultraconservative messages been so knocked. The typical idea of ​​an “overwhelming parent” is really very advanced, and after improperly delivering it in the Ultimate Christmas Gift, its repetition spoils my mood. Family relationships are important, but Disney must stop this endless sermon, because work is also important for maintaining a working family. Except for the cancellation of activities due to work, my father did not seem so bad to me, but I was hurt when my grandmother told him: "I don’t like what I see." It’s also bad preaching that all single parents MUST marry if they want to raise their children properly. Enter Alexander Paul, whose character, although important to the plot, solely to arouse the interest of the father. This insult only proves that Disney's brain trust does not have enough brains to avoid scraping from the bottom of the Disney script. Instead of this movie teaching your children to commit serious fraud, wait for the next movie on the Disney channel. It should be better than that. Zantara Score: 1 out of 10.
