I fully agree with some other critics of this film. I found it incredibly stupid (at best) and completely misleading, misleading and harmful (at worst). Like others, I discovered that this film is a terrible mixture of “real” science and New Age pseudoscience propaganda. <br /> <br /> As a psychologist, I was especially offended by the contribution of Candace Perth. True, I was not a fan of it before this film, but her conversation about the "consciousness" of cells was one of the best examples of using the term ("consciousness"), which has a predictable meaning for most people, and using it in such a distorted manner that makes it is obscure, not clarify. This is the old Orwellian mind, which the master himself described so well in his excellent essay “Politics and English”. To refer to “consciousness” in this way — indeed, to treat this film as “science-based” as a whole (which is his explicit intention) means to use the language in the same way that Stalin used when he marked his slave states “democratic republics” "and Hitler, when he called his party the" socialist workers' movement. <br /> <br /> I do not pretend that I really understand quantum physics. I know enough about this to understand that in order to truly understand, it will take a lot of research. Ah, but we Americans love “instant enlightenment,” and this is exactly what the film’s mistake is trying to make. If he asked questions, it would be one thing, but he obviously tried to ask and RESPOND to them that no film could have done simply because we are very far from answers (if they really exist). <br /> <By the way, ethically, this film required a disclaimer about associating several “expert commentators” with Maharishi Mahesh Yogi (and TM), not to mention J. Z. Knight, who often speaks with his voice “Ramtha” . (I am always amazed that this 10-year-old Atlantean superman understands the concepts and terminology of the 21st century. But again, this film claims that past, present and future are one and the same, so if Ramtha existed in Atlantis 10,000 years ago, I suppose he could exist now and tomorrow. Only then why was his financial advice so incredibly bad for his followers? Oh, I forgot, I am the creator of "good" and "bad" tips, so this is my fault not Ramty.) <br /> <br /> What a mess.
