Definitely not. Loud NO. This film is an absolute deception. <br /> <br /> A friend of mine very strongly recommended me in “these kind of things”, I watched this film with some expectation that I would be informed, changed, moved, redone, heaved, and all other positive mystical things, that could happen to me when I suddenly see the Truth. Now it may sound like someone who is already predisposed to blowing something up on the metaphysical, metaphysical / physical boundaries of existence. Believe me, I'm not that kind of person. I try to be open about any presentation, and then I make the appropriate decisions. <br /> <br /> As far as content is concerned, the only thing I found slightly interesting and informative is a little about peptides, emotions, dependencies, and cellular receptors. It was the only “unifying” element that I could find in the documentary part of this film. The rest of the documentary film is scattered on several topics and, it seemed, never united or connected, tried to connect and draw a conclusion to some extent. And what is this thing about the fact that Native Americans can not see the ships that Columbus came to? Who told the “authorities” in this film that it happened in 1492? Where are they too? If they compared this with scientific work carried out in the field of visual cognition (for example, the famous video about gorillas, by visiting the Laboratory of Visual Cognition at the University of Illinois), a more convincing conclusion could be made. Here, however, it looked like an unsupported mystical fetish. <br /> <br /> Like a movie: it was not one movie, but two. I found the documentary part a bit interesting, just to hear how people talk about what they are talking about (it annoyed me that their credentials were not presented at the bottom of the screen when they spoke, at least in the initial stage!) But I found the “plot” part of the film with Matlin in it annoying, disconnecting, intrusive, irrelevant and completely stupid. A little about the Polish wedding with this dance was not funny at all. It was funny, funny, sophisticated and stupid. And I found the use of the word "pollock" offensive. It just seemed inappropriate and wrong. Is such use possible because a member of a group uses a derogatory term for a group, because he or she is a member of a group? It may be good to make a point, but it does not seem to be used in this way here. And in any case, I don’t care what the reason was, it offended me, the Pole. I never call myself and do not call my ethnic origin "pollack". And I, of course, do not like it when others do. Can I watch or listen to a fanatical conversation using this term? Still would! But again, it seems that it is not. It just seemed inappropriate. Untested, unrestrained. <br /> <br /> The game was terrible. The performance of Elaine Hendrix was absolutely incredible. Sometimes it seemed that she was just reading her own lines, which she had just been given. For the most part, Marlee Mathlin seemed to be sleeping, walking through it all. She may have been puzzled by the material. I know that was. If she was to portray a frustrated, discontented, anxious, discontent, then this did not seem to work. But the worst in the world was Hendrix! In general, I found this an incoherent, poorly acting piece of cotton trap.
