It seems that the creators of this film could not decide what really was their message. Consequently, they had even more delivery problems. They began with poorly describing the principles of quantum physics, which are subatomic particles. Having established a vague picture of Heisenberg's uncertainty principle, they presented a multitude of talking heads, which created a case of ridiculous logic, hinting that every living person is an entity that follows the same quantum rules on a cosmic scale. Then there was a lot of talk about ideas on which Stephen Covey and Tony Robbins made their careers: positive thinking, eliminating bad patterns, always looking on the bright side, etc. Then it was a little about how our brain can change our body through production. proteins: the hormones that we more or less choose to create. If you are sad, you will create sad squirrels. If you are happy, you will create happy squirrels. It's that simple, isn't it? In combination with our lessons, we follow the fictional life of Amanda, a photographer who releases antidepressants and hates her hips. The filmmakers slowly but surely tried to make us all say: “Hey, Amanda, just cheer up!” Why can't she cheer up? Obviously, this is because the world is a BAD place where there is crime, poverty and religion, that's why. The conclusion of the film (which basically makes up the entire second half) has caused many contradictions. We are all part of a single energy, where we are not beings, but a collective consciousness, but we are individuals who can change the world, but there are many of us because of all the different dimensions, but we can choose who we are and we have there is a goal to do good, but there is no god, because there is nothing better than us, therefore there is no such thing as good and evil, therefore there is no such thing as reward or punishment, so there’s nothing good ever gone out of religion, but we all equally should do good, even if there is no such thing as good and bad, sweat moo there is no one to decide what it is, except for the fact that each of us can make a good life if we all meditate and then stop a crime, and if we say good things, our water freezes into beautiful shapes. Still with me? Good, because there is more. According to Robert L. Park in his book “Science of Wood”, the entire meditation experiment conducted by John Hagelin in Washington, DC was a farce, the numbers were forged, and the homicide rate this year was higher than in any other year or later What about your positive attitude, keeping you young and healthy? This message was transmitted by an older man, who looked at his age, and an overweight woman. <br /> <br /> So does it all work or not? I was lucky to see the film in the theater, where Betsy Chass, one of three film directors (yes, three), asked questions after the show. I call myself lucky because I received a first-hand confirmation that these people do not know what they are talking about. She was so puzzled by several questions posed by members of the audience that her husband, a manual therapist, had to intervene and tell the answer. In the end, I had to leave when the discussion inevitably became political, and everyone, including Ms. Chass, began to reflect on how wonderful the world would be if only President Bush could see this film.
