As the number of “Video Disgusting,” which I have not yet seen, is reduced, this little pile of rubbish appeared on my “rent out” list when I saw that it was available. <br /> <br /> It is assumed that the model or something is abducted and taken to the jungle, so that a motley squad of idiots will buy them. They hire another fool to get her back, and they give him a bag of money to use as a bargaining chip, although if he comes back with a girl and all the money, he will receive a significant reduction. He brought with him a helicopter and a pilot, and, wow, this pilot is one of the worst actors! Of course, they are all terrible, and dubbing will make you cry blood. Having been kidnapped in the jungle, we learn that there is a cult of a cannibal nearby, whose fiery earth god wanders through the forest, like the human King Kong, in search of women tribes to ravage and devour. Now this guy is just the naked guy with the worst makeup ever made of ping-pong balls for the eyes, and that's about it. His growls and groans are an ever-present feature of the soundtrack, and I found myself muffling many of these scenes. <br /> <br /> Oh, I forgot to mention almost constant nudity? This is probably the main reason why this film was banned, although there is one particular scene, about one second in length, where God attacks a girl and pulls guts out of her, but this is not a saving factor for blood fans. In addition, Jess Franco goes beyond the usual letters T and A and shows long close ups of the female genitalia, as well as, unfortunately, men. So, if you want to "honestly" in terms of exploitation, you got it. <br /> <br /> I can't recommend this garbage to anyone. This is not even a good bad movie. This is just a terrible trash filled, which will probably only be watched by a Video Nasty fan, and even if you make your way through the list, leave it for the last one. If you look at it first, you can get an idea that this is the norm for the list, which is certainly not true.
