It was a shitty movie, in which there was a lot of unnecessary meaning and too many dead ends. I only watched this film because one of my favorite actors (Ron Livingston) made a cameo role in it, and I continued to watch it, because as a girl, I love any film in which male nudity changes. Later, I discovered that I was surprised how much funnier the plot line could become, and every time it becomes ... even more ridiculous. <br /> <br /> Sean Crowley (cute Chris L. McKenna, whom I have never seen before - but LOVED his little nude scene) making ends meet as an artist when he meets electrician Duke Wayne (George Wendt from "Greetings"). Thinking that he gets more work from Herzog, Sean agrees to meet with contractor Ray Matthews (Daniel Baldwin, who plays the stereotypically evil guy). Ray is investigating an accountant at the City Hall (Ron Livingston in a cameo role, in which I am in love, starting with "Office Space" and ending with "Sex and the City"). Ray eventually offers desperately for cash to Sean $ 13,000 to kill an accountant, and Sean takes the job. Sean tracks down an accountant whose wife (Kari Ukhrer) he attracts, completes the hit and leaves - taking the information file with him against Ray. Sean quickly learns that he was used, that Ray never intended to pay him, and Sean uses the file as a lever to get his money. <br /> <br /> Up to this point, this is just a descent ... usually worth watching. But as soon as Ray, Duke and their team kidnapped Sean to get information about the file from him, he grew dumber and dumber (and still DEPTH ...), until finally it seemed that the author of the film, Charlie Higson, broke free from a 10-day hangover and realized that he needed to desperately figure out how to complete a series of incredible riots created by him before the expiration date or something else. By not just detailing the film, let's just say that in every single scene that you watch after the abduction, you discover that you are choking "what the hell is this!" for redemption. In the end, there are so many dead ends in the film that you start to regret having even watched it. <br /> <br /> This is a movie that you should watch only after it hits the cable, and you should have enough beer and friends around to make fun of the movie to its full value. It must be a psychological thriller, and McKenna is a decent actor, but it's hard to give yourself to the movies when you have Norma from The Greetings and Baldwin's brother doing the dirty work and an abduction strategy that really makes no damn sense. Guys will love scenes of violence, blood and guts, as well as completely unnecessary scenes of sex and tits. The girls will enjoy the gratuitous crotch of beautiful Shaun, shot in the mainstream film, when the girls are almost always shot in the cinema. Personally, I hate that the only actor worth watching more than his appearance (Ron Livingston) is only in the first third of the film.
