Oh, how a misfire happens here; a film so bad that your mind will be surprised and go to other things, because it is wasting your time on unthinkably bad production values; stereotypes about the worst and racist character since the time of DV Griffith called the Chinese symbol in "Broken Flowers" as "yellow man"; the characters are so unimaginable and uninteresting that they are difficult to watch, as well as the narrative that unfolds at such a slow, stupid and senseless pace that you ask questions to people who say they like this movie. <br /> <br /> Honor Prisci is a film that ultimately becomes an absolute postmodern catastrophe in all possible manifestations. The film is a dirty and meaningless disaster, led by John Houston; Kathleen Turner and Jack Nicholson are watching, and everyone else fills in the gaps with either stupid stereotypes, or minor characters who sometimes cry on the phone, or quarrel with the main character. Prizzi's Honor - a film that belongs to the genre of neo-noir, comedy, melodrama, action movie, gangster and common crime ?? this double with its director and actors should be enough to propel him through some kind of story; some sequence of good scenes; some kind of intelligence in the form of a script or something else, but no ?? we get a disgusting and ugly film that says nothing at all. <br /> <br /> I’ll give you a few examples of how terrible this horrible movie screening is. First, the film thinks it is a love story, and thinks about it for about an hour of its time: of my time. Charlie Partanna (Nicholson) is a murderer who kills people for the sake of the family he works for in New York, and yet he looks more like his character from the movie “One Flew Over the Cuckoo’s Nest” than a hired killer from around the world. He meets and falls in love with Irena Walker (Turner), who is another murderer, and they succeeded, but since the poor excuse for the plot ends, it seems that everything is wrong. I read that the plot of this film: "A professional killer and a woman in love fall in love, only to find that they were hired to kill another." Well, yes, it is true, but this actual revelation does not happen until it is twenty minutes to the end! Nicholson plays Partan as a man with IQ 60: he walks; seemingly making observations and talking loudly about the things he sees; he speaks as if he is either drunk, or he has more serious problems from within, and worst of all, we never feel that he is a murderer ?? one really unsuccessful murder at an early stage (which is actually happening off-screen) is not enough to suggest that this guy is strong, the best of the best international assassins. <br /> <br /> So with the main character who is not likeable and unrealistic, we turn to the script. The first hour and a half is just a cinematic dead zone, where it can be assumed that the traces of life are just bad conventions: Partanna idle on the phone or personally asks the same thing over and over again: “Will I marry her? I love her? What is love? What should I do? "and it becomes so repetitive that he is not even able to act like good humor. It was like he always talked to someone on the phone: a girl named Maeroze Pritstsi (Houston), played by director John’s daughter; made no sense for the plot and seemed to be for laughs, how was the scene in which she tells her father about how she slept with Partanna and loved him? it made me think, was it supposed to be funny? Should I laugh ? The film was like a chic mafia picture in which included the opening scene of the wedding (alá The Godfather) and the subsequent scenes with a touch of noir, when gangsters, policemen and murderers were put into the film. But what we get is something completely different. <br /> <br /> The second hour revolves around some kind of conspiracy to steal, surely love and romance are dealing with a film, maybe the movie will start from scratch. I was very wrong: with a lot of characters who constantly speak very slowly and very deliberately monotonously, we have a scene kidnapping with some guy coming out of his office sa: this scene sums up the movie. Everything is planned for a short time, and then performed with heavy hands and in a dull way that just makes it crappy. We do not see how they come to some kind of dramatic music; they may need to go through security to get to the elevators; maybe they should be careful with the civilian population when they hide in their chosen places and when this random woman leaves the elevator and a shot occurs? the scene is not even edited correctly. Some waiting, some drama: “Am I shooting or not?”; maybe some kind of slow motion, since the character must quickly draw before it is too late ?? nothing but how it was actually done. Priztsi's honor continues its monotonous and uninteresting decent in cinematic oblivion, as it approaches its climax. This is a film in which cameras are reflected in the windows; the lights are reflected in the side of the car, and the "dead" drivers blink when they are pushed. Prizzi's Honor is a messy and dirty film, in which patients of any movie lovers will be judged and not to say that this is a comedy, because I did not laugh at this ?? This is another matter. The film is repetitive, elongated and colorless in its vision and scope of originality - there is no honor here.
