After watching the MIDNIGHT OFFERS, I am still convinced that the first worthy film about (teenage) witches has yet to be made. I didn’t really think about the PRODUCTION, and I don’t like CHARMED either. The only film that I more or less liked (about teenage witches) was “SMALL” (1996), and even this film was not very good. But the change is that if you like all of the aforementioned films, you will also like the MIDNIGHT OFFERS. <br /> <br /> In the early 80s I was expecting a silly and stupid film about teenage witches in high school. But I was pretty surprised that this whole movie was playing quite seriously. Acting decent and serious all the time. No jokes played by teenagers or something. And the music, at first glance, seemed to me quite good. It added some sharpness, as well as something “cool,” using threatening violins and everything else. But as the movie progressed, I concluded that the score was too ambitious. They didn’t need to add these menacing violins when you just see someone start the car and then drive off at normal speed. <br /> <br /> Then there is Melissa Sue Anderson, who was the main reason I saw this movie. A few weeks ago, I saw her in the film “HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME”, a rather pleasant, thick plot (and in some cases silly), which she shot in the same year as “TURNBACK OFFERS”. And I have to say, she was very good, like the ice wicked witch Vivian. But the main problem with the film: almost nothing happens! Vivian causes death and an accident, yes, but that's all. Then there is Robin, the good witch who just learned about her powers. And we expect that they both use their abilities more than once, but only in one case do they use their abilities to make certain pieces of wood and other objects fly through the air as projectiles. It was supposed to be a battle of two powerful witches? And even worse, I was hoping to see a spectacular fight between the witches at the end of the film with at least some special effects, glowing eyes or something else ... but nothing happens. In the end, this is a kind of confrontation, but it is a big disappointment. <br /> <br /> So the game of the two witches was good. The musical accompaniment was decent (albeit overly ambitious). And the cinematography was rather dark and capricious at times. But this is not a good film, is it?
