There is nothing particularly original in this story of corrupt alliances on the one hand, and the "main lawyer" on the other. Bright, but unimaginable lighting and photography flow from a blurred noir cycle. The story could easily be from the Warner Brothers box with George Raft in charge. Performances are a routine, a director's production, and even careless decoration. (The alley is shown by a single plaster wall made of artificial brick. There is one poster on it. The poster reads: “Do not publish bills.”) We are introduced to the story and some characters from a prominent storyteller who tells us that while most unions work diligently and honestly to promote the affairs of their members, some of them corrupt. But we really don't know much about trade unions or how they work, although I believe that they were fair game after the success of On the Embankment a few years earlier. Here they are just a snap to hang a fairy tale. The real ring leader is an inactive lawyer who runs cases through three or four thugs. The district attorney (or whoever he is) finds out, like Dana Andrews in Boomerang, that the wrong person (Dick Foran) is accused of murder, and he spends almost the rest of the film digging up the evidence from Foran. innocence. He engages in fist fights and shoots outs, like any private movie of any inexpensive movie. <br /> <br /> Brian Keith is a Ph.D. He is shown some hints of talent elsewhere, but here he spends most of his time talking quietly and staring at the floor. Elisha Cook Jr. is a nice rummy, but she can't drink well. Beverly Garland is all right, but she is undermined by what makes her goggle at a nightclub when she has to be thievish. The rest of the cast would be suitable for the series. <br /> <br /> And no one helps writing. When the trade union crowd is about to send the B girl to the Philippines, someone tells her that she needs to learn only a few words in Spanish. “I know only one word,” she says, “yes.” The authors do not trust the audience, so that they know that “si” in Spanish means “yes.” The plot is awkward and has holes in it. Keith visits a witness in her nightclub apartment. He enters the door and shoves a gun in his back with a yoke, but sorts through a heavy one and knocks him out. Then he orders someone to call the police. The rest of the scene, played for quite a long time in a nightclub downstairs, forgets everything about the police, and they never show up and nobody expects them. <br /> <br /> There is nothing shameful about this, and some may like it, but there are other things better done elsewhere.
