A group of hunters hunt down a werewolf, kill it, decapitate, and then sell the head to the unethical doctor Atville (played by director / writer Tim Sullivan), who runs a private clinic specializing in cornea transplantation. Chemist-researcher Rich Stevens (Mark Sawyer), whose eyes were destroyed when acid hit his face during a laboratory explosion, is the unfortunate recipient of a werewolf eyeball. It takes some time to get to the first full moon, so first we get a tender love story between Rich and his merciful, big-breasted nurse Sondra Gard (Stephanie Beaton). Sondra is so compassionate that she takes off her clothes and starts riding with Rich in bed before he even has the opportunity to remove the bandages! After a month in the hospital, Rich returns home to his icy wife, Rita (Deborah Huber), who quickly tells him: “You look pretty ugly” before going to Kia. Soon our hero discovers that Rita is not only a bitch, but also an adulterous skin, who has an affair with his alleged friend Craig (Lyndon Johnson). Finally, the full moon rises, and Rich finds himself in a quandary, turning into a (very stupid-looking) werewolf creature. Predictable slaughter. <br /> <br /> Rich cracks up Craig's throat on the beach, Rich wakes up the next morning with shabby clothes and vague memories of evening events. He befriended a dwarf psychic / occult expert Andros (Kurt Levy) and is harassed by both local writer Siodmak (Jason Clark) and a police lesbian detective in pants-suit Justin Evers (Tarry Markel). When Rich confronts Dr. Atville, the doctor sends him his sadistic bald henchman Kass (Eric Mestressat), who enjoys the dismemberment of the machete corpses in the clinic. With the help of Sondra, Rich manages to escape. Sondra returns him to his place and basically rapes him on the couch during a long sex scene that lasts about five minutes. Can Rich control his lycanthropy or find a cure for it before he demands more victims? <br /> <br /> This self-made werewolf film, shot cheaply with a video camera, has a somewhat unique background with a transplant angle, but otherwise throws out cliches for cliches. Sets sublevel porno - clinic scene, it seems, were filmed in someone's house or apartment. Transformation wolf scenes don't even look as good as slow-motion photography in the distant 1940s. Instead, they use ragged editing. Throw hair on the actor. Cut. Add some more. Cut. More fur ... and fill his mouth full of white dirt that he can spit out. Cut. No need to worry about continuity! There is no fading, no dissolving, nothing. It is rather careless. Once fully transformed, the werewolf costume (designed by Jeff Leroy, who also edited and shot the film) is pretty awful. It has red glowing Christmas bulbs, a fur that looks like a shaggy carpet, and a plastic face that is almost completely motionless. Several times you can see the fingers of the operator in front of the camera lens, and does the moon really stay a full five nights in a row? As for the cast, they are amateurish, but tolerant. And as for horror B, it's worse there. This pace is pretty good, it lasts only 70 minutes and provides a lot of red material during the attack scenes, as well as the aforementioned T & A from Miss Beaton. <br /> <br /> It was prepared by David S. Sterling (CAMP BLOOD), who was one of the first to ride the wave of digital video when he first began to dominate the low-budget / independent horror genre in the mid / late 90s yo Many of his obviously horrific productions were released by Brain Damage Films, a label that was largely avoided by the plague. Fox guy Jeff Leroy (who is listed as co-director here in IMDb, but not in the real credits of the film) and Winnie Bilancio (who appears in a small role as one of the hunters) continued to make a much more fun and honed movie about exploitation "WEREWOLF in the women's prison "in 2006, which showed a similar creature (red glowing eyes and all).
