I wanted to give Hand Drawn Blood the benefit of initial doubt. In the first moments, when a naked woman stretched out and the artist Diana is going to draw her, and then sucks blood to drain, so that she can use her for her art, it seems that it can be awesome ornate vampire click It turns out this initial impression turns out to be false . Oh, Troma, a sign of some poor quality: sometimes they offer something stupid, but funny and, at least, with some competence for the craft of unhealthy food (or, sometimes, not). This is the case when it’s not even fun to watch, because his attempts at humor (that is, the father of the main character, the old vaudeville son, who gives the impression of Jimmy Durant?) Are weak at best, and any unintended laughter is undermined by Sergio Lapel Directions in the basement. <br /> <br /> And this is not without his attempts, oh God, no. He tries hard, which is a big part of the problem. He and his producers had money for the light, of course, but the way they are used in the film made me, a former student director and novice director, sulk in his place: if I saw it in the theater, I would have to blind my eyes in many cases, it would be interesting to know if his DP really understood the basic 3-point lighting system. Although this, along with a very dull sound design (or just a lot of random loud buzzes, like on the stage of an art gallery), should not be something that attracts attention during the release of Troma, it should be something "basic" that the director can cope, even if the script is not very funny or scary (and this is not so), or if Lapel makes a strange mixture of songs placed in fanciful moments. <br /> <br /> This is not a very good movie with any stretch, and maybe if you are a die-hard vampire (or just a vampire period), this may have some appeal as an alternative to a low-basement at a bargain price for Near Dark or as small improvement in, say, the 1972 Blood Freak. You have better ways to spend time in general.
