This adaptation, like the "Heiress" of 1949, is based on the novel by Henry James. “Heiress” with Olivia de Havilland in the lead role remains a respected work, although less true to the original story of James, than this new remake, which retains the original name of James. This is the story of a clumsy but loving daughter (Lee), betrayed to her father (Finney) after her mother died in childbirth. An arrogant father does not respect his daughter and considers her, like all women, simple-minded. When a young man (Chaplin) is caring from a good family and with a small fortune, the Father is naturally suspicious, but feels so confident that his daughter cannot interest anyone, and is convinced that the young man is a fortune hunter and forbids her to see him. . Lei is a controversial actress ?? most either love her or hate her ?? and she always has a special sharpness and tension in her style, as if she is acting through gritted teeth. Is she not bad at this and she copes with her role relatively cleverly ?? it's just an awkward role for any actress, forcing viewers to want to grab the character by the shoulders and shake her until she recovers. Although the character causes a lot of sympathy, it is not particularly pleasant. The very beautiful and extremely attractive Ben Chaplin (previously seen in The Truth About Cats and Dogs) plays his part with the exact number of riddles necessary for the audience to guess if he wants her fortune or really loves her. Maggie Smith is one of the best actresses in the world, and she greatly enhances the level of the film by portraying an aunt of the best intentions. Of course, Finney is amazing as a father who threatens to disinherit his daughter for her disobedience, but the daughter is willing to risk it for the man she loves. But her passionate fan still wants her without her condition? This is only one case where * Washington Square * is different from * Heiress *. Another example is the ability to stick with it. This is a beautiful film that is just as tedious as a dripping faucet, suggesting too little history in too long a film.
