Edwin Porter’s short film of 1903 entitled The Great Train Robbery bursts into the screen with such great excitement and ingenuity that everyone prepares to be blown up by another groundbreaking early film. Critics, as well as Meli's “Journey to the Moon”, called it a film that introduced the western genre in contemporary cinema. In my opinion, they were right. It was all about planning, the actual train robbery, the killing of an unwanted civilian and this looming final scene that makes you understand what these villains mean business ?? it was all monumental for its time. From here to Eastwood, every western director used Porter’s image in one form or another to create his own story. This is not to say that this film did not open the door, but the struggle comes from the story itself. The genre was determined by Porter, but beyond his initial excitement there really is nothing to fight for. Perhaps I am exhausted by the cliché of modern westerns and their haphazard messages, but how can something be cliché before becoming cliché? “The great train robbery” seemed compelled, unacceptable and not surprising. <br /> <br /> Unlike Mile, Porter tells a very linear story. Robbers change the course of a train, rob it, then shoot random people, just to prove that they are real villains, and the final scene ends like any predefined movie, without any surprises or glitches, and this looming person with a gun in your word-wise face. It is soft. Porter's movie is boring. In the edition that I was watching, the addition of color was added at the end to emphasize emotions that seemed cheap and did not inspire the director or the viewer. The problem remains that, although this is important, the Porter film is borrowed again and again, but in reality it is becoming blurred. The story itself does not carry the emotional power that it once possessed. Unlike Meli's early film, I can't watch it again. I know what happened, I know that very little is missing from the backstage, and that, finally, this is exactly what he intended to do ?? a simple story leading from point A to point B to point C. This problem is not only my attitude to this film, but also the strongest element that can be seen in such an early film. Although it was boring, the fact that he told such a strong story? that our characters were characters with motives and motivations, it was wonderful to see. In an era when popular science films seemed mainstream, it broke the pattern. Again, not that I jump on the prophetic victory about this film? is it an important movie ?? it's just not a good movie. <br /> <br /> In general, I was impatient to jump into this film to see where the roots of the Western genre were laid, but I was also glad to leave this film behind. , Porter is a talented director, and G.M. Anderson obviously continued to be very successful in the field created, but I just wasn’t happy with the film. I did not expect large budget effects, such as Meli’s work, nor did I expect a duplicate of the Trip to the Moon, but I really wanted to see the same creativity, research and originality. I felt that Porter had lost, so to speak, with such an early film, but I did not feel the excitement when our villains were doing their evil deeds. I didn’t support anyone, and the final conclusion proved that its whiteness disappeared a few minutes after the film began. It was innovative, but not monumental. The Great Train Robbery lost its place in the cinematic time capsule. <br /> <br /> Rating: ** of *****
