Cartoon Network seems to be in desperate need of ratings. Starting with the reversal of Samurai Jack, the network seemed to be obsessed with removing all the shows that made it so popular, such as Powerpuff Girls, Dexter's Lab, Dragonball Z, etc. When the ratings began to drop sharply, CN began to raise some rather mediocre shows. Although Total Drama Island / Action and Chowder stand out because of their clever writing and pleasant tricks for the audience, there are many other shows that are either terrible remakes (George from the jungle) or breakdowns of other shows such as The Marvelous Misadventures of Flapjack, where the title character acts just like Spongebob, and then there is Johnny Test, which is a bit of a replacement for Dexter's Lab, although this is much more than just a breakdown. <br /> <br /> The characters in the show are clearly sourced from Dexter's lab, only this time the attention is focused on Johnny, the blonde (or fiery red) who torments her twin sisters Susan and Mary, who just look like Dexter, from orange hair to glasses, impossible technology. There is even a rival genius named Bling Bling Boy or Eugene, who seems to be sitting behind Mandark. Then there is Duki, Johnny's best friend and a talking dog, one of Dexter ... I mean Susan and Mary's early experiments. <br /> <br /> Dexter's lab was probably one of the best cartoons on television, with its simple but effective artistic style, attractive protagonist, and episodes that don't seem long. Johnny Test is very different. The artistic style here is not so pleasing to the eye. In fact, it looks absolutely terrible. Characters have motives that make them really annoying or repulsive. For example, most episodes of the show are that Johnny and Duki were looking for chaos in the neighbor girl Sissy, who Johnny secretly loves, or in the obsession of the twins as the boy next door. Seeing how these two geniuses faint at the sight of the press, and the fact that Johnny seems to be someone you NEVER want to communicate with, there is no real connection between the viewer and the characters. <br /> <br /> One thing from the Strong Deals series in his title is that Johnny Susan and Mary Guinea Pig are for their experiments. They range from turning Johnny into fat, ugly, monstrous and even into a woman. The twins then help Johnny in whatever scheme he plans in return for his services. Whenever there is an episode concerning such a win / win transaction, it is usually canceled, and those that do not go off the rails never end satisfactorily. <br /> <br /> The letter varies from mediocre terrible, however. “Fat” episode constantly repeats: “This is Phat with PH. There is a difference, you know. ” this is a line that should never be repeated, especially when the episode appears to CONTRIBUTE to childhood obesity, when Johnny becomes a famous star with money and video games, just becoming fat. <br /> <br /> Let's talk about how the show does not completely rip off Dexter's lab. There are many characters in the series, from two people in black named Mr. Black and Mr. White, a military general who seems to need all his problems to be solved through Johnny and his sisters, and a LOT of super villains, although even here the show steals ideas again for other sources, such as Mr. Freese's teenage clone, an evil cat with a butler who wants the cats to rule the man (like the evil talking cat from Powerpuff Girls), a clumsy maniac inspirer, a trio of evil figure skaters “guys” and even a mole who is probably the worst villain in the middle you mass media. <br /> <br /> To top it all off, along with the ugly animation and incredible characters, dubbing is either tolerable (like the voices of Mr. Black and Mr. White) simply discouraging (Johnny, Duki and almost all the villains in the series). The theme song seems to be the only memorable thing on this show, but then it was remade in just a few episodes with the band that just messed it up. <br /> <br /> In sum, Johnny Test is not a very good cartoon. His terrible references and jokes about teen culture will eliminate the interest of young children in the show, while his bright coloring, torn characters and exciting episodes will spoil the experience for teenagers. It's just another of those stupid shows that the Cartoon Network is pushing too hard to get people to watch it (for example, MTV in the direction of rap). If you need a show that will satisfy your children for half an hour, you'd better stick with Spongebob, because Johnny Test is more a “test” of patience than anything else.
