There is no reason to consider this documentary serious, and there are four reasons for this: <br /> <br /> 1) The people who made this documentary (including the director and producer) are Serbs or are of Serbian origin, therefore the Neutrality Criteria are not passed . For example, they mentioned that the Croats of the diaspora (the so-called “Ustase”) played a huge role in the fall of Yugoslavia, but they did not mention that there were equal Serbian organizations (Chetniks)! For those who are not familiar with the history of the Second World War in the Balkans: Serbian so-called "tsetniki", which in the documentary film portrayed so good that they helped the British paratroopers during the war. Well, that's only half the truth. They were also a fascist (monarchical) group that collaborated with the Germans, but then went over to the side when Hitler began to lose the war. It’s also funny that they don’t mention leader Tsretnik Mikhailovich in a documentary film, a man who is responsible for killing thousands of people and burning hundreds of villages throughout Bosnia and Croatia. But they mentioned Ante Pavelik alone ... Hmm ... let me be a little suspicious. <br /> <br /> 2) Most of the respondents are completely unknown to me. And I studied this war for a long time (this is an old British lady !!! She really didn’t do her homework!), And they aren’t even represented by name, so they can be more or less anyone, maybe they took someone from the street. Who knows. <br /> <br /> 3) In the documentary film they talk about Kosovo and how the Serbs lived there for ages, and therefore it must belong to Serbia (although they are a minority). Well, when they mention a part of Croatia (Krajina), dominated by Serbs, the Serbs are suddenly portrayed, who have the right to live there, because this has been their home for so long. Well, but people do not know that the largest city in Krajina (Knin) is of great historical importance for the Croatian people. It was there that one of the most famous kings of Croatian history (Zvonimir) was crowned, and therefore the city has historical value for Croatia. The Serbs arrived almost 800 years later! But no, the Serbs must have Krajina and Kosovo according to the documentary. This is true? To me, this looks like double standards of morality from the director. In addition, the documentary says that the Croatian constitution did not have any laws on the rights of minorities, this is a lie, because it was one of the first laws implemented because Croatia had a huge Serbian minority. <Br /> <br /> 4) The film mentions a radical Croatian paramilitary leader named Glavas. Or Muslim radical Orik. They accused them of being a huge cause of the negative development of the war. Yes, they were radicals, but if you want to talk about radicals, why not mention the leaders of the Serbian radical militias such as Cesel and Arkan? There are so many flaws that I just presented a few of them, just so that people get an overview of the documentary. It seems that the people who made this documentary were not well prepared and did not have the courage to criticize the Serbs because they were afraid that their Serbian relatives would beat them or something like that. There are not many good quality documentaries, but the best of them is Death of Yugoslavia, where all significant participants in the war are polled (for example, Milosevic, Jovic, Bulatovich, Tudman, Izetbegovic, Karadzic). etc.) and where you get the whole 5 hours of explanation about the fall of Yugoslavia and the war. <br /> <br /> One more thing. I saw a commentary on this documentary in which the person was disappointed as to why the United States supported the country (Bosnia), which had connections with Bin Laden during the war. Well, firstly, in all the countries involved in this conflict there were nationalist presidents, and since the Bosnian Muslims did not have old ethnicity (previously called “Muslim Croats”), they had to rely on anything else except nationality, to raise the spirit among the people, and it was, connecting them with a single common feature: their religion. And they received help from the Mujahideen, because no one else would support them. They had to fight the 4th largest army in Europe! They needed all the help they could get. Nationalism is the best way to unite people in times of war. History has shown us this.
