This film is really something like a chicken egg, good in parts. Unlike other reviewers, I found that the main mistake in this is in its inability to attract the interest of the viewer to the characters and the plot. I put up with it because I'm interested in rock and roll and group dynamics, but if I rated it solely on the basis of its merits as a film, I would have to give it a thumbs down, with a few caveats: Jason Baer is good at playing John Livien and quite convincing as a rock singer; The story of his childhood trauma is unclear, although we are given hints of a good relationship between Livien and his parents, but his behavior is ultimately strange for the viewer (which should not be). Nevertheless, the idea of ​​using a stage personality to resolve internal conflicts is interesting, although not new and not fully explored as a theme in this film. The hints of John Lennon were annoying, but, I confess, I'm not a fan of the Beatles. In any case, Livien and his group reminded me more of an Oasis than the Beatles, in the sense that there was something derivative in them. Another disappointing moment in the film was how it opened up with some interesting - even for the middle and high school level - philosophical reflections on the main character, but left the threads of his thinking there only to raise them in the middle of the film very much briefly, when Livien says, “before God, there was music” (did you ever see this ad for Tia Maria in the 1990s, “Was there Tia Maria before?” It still came to mind); this seems like an idiotic conclusion, and the viewer has no idea how he achieved it, but he has the right to do so. Fortunately, his bassist and friend, whom Dominic Monaghan skillfully plays, seems to recognize the fallacy of this thinking when he replies: "You do not know that." <br /> <br /> In general, the limited strengths of the leadership and the plot can go any way in future projects, in a meaningless banality or in an interesting and more mature perspective.
