This is easily Presley's worst vehicle that brings us closer to the worst movie ever made. This is noticeably worse than even the disgusting song "Happy Ending" at the end of "It Happened at the World Fair", and here I thought about the moment when Elvis buys all the seller’s balloons for his girlfriend, and then the balloon seller gets a jig in a marching the orchestra was the epitome of bad cinema and could not be surpassed. I usually enjoy the occasional flick of Elvis, if only for some other reason than the memories of the time when we were innocent enough to survive it. However, this film should be called “Live a little, wanting you to die a little”, and “Beware, Joe” looks like Olivier playing Othello. <br /> <br /> Here Elvis plays Greg, who is essentially a hippie freelance photographer, with the exception of the establishment's hairstyle. After a cheerful morning reckless driving, he finds himself at the beach, where he is abducted by a woman, whose name changes depending on the scene and who is talking to her. Obviously, Michelle Carey was chosen for her similarity and ability to imitate Elizabeth Taylor (if I watched it without glasses, I would have thought that Liz played the main female role in the late 1960s). She nibbles her dog on Elvis until he runs into the water and gets comfortable pneumonia in the movie, then she keeps him unconscious in his beach cushion for so long that he loses his job and his apartment, so she transfers him things in his house before he wakes up without even telling him about it (the audience doesn’t know about it either, until Elvis tries to get back to work, and his boss beats him for no reason, except that he deserves it of this film and trying to get home and finding some Hateful woman in the receipt living in his house). <br /> <br /> Instead of arresting her for abduction, theft and assault, he goes out and gets two jobs to pay off the rent for Miss Crazy Pants for stealing all of his things. The first job works for Don Porter in Playboy magazine, the second one is at the top, works for Rudy Valley in a fashion magazine. I think that the two-task permutation should be a comedy, it’s a pity that it’s no less funny, unless you laugh a hundredth time when you saw someone running up and down the stairs in a quick movement towards stupid music. The main obstacle preventing Greg from falling in love with his captor is her other love interest, the terribly erroneous Dick Sargent (let's face it, Porter or Valley, even considering their old age in 1968, would make much more likely competitors for Miss Crazy. attachment). <br /> <br /> There are a lot of uninteresting and unfunny turns, I kept waiting for something, everything that could make sense. It never happened. The entertainment lasts about three minutes and consists of Elvis performing “A Little Less Talk” (which I can listen to on a CD without this painful film superimposed on me) and a funny five-second beat where Elvis flops on the sofa and Crazy Pants obviously disassembled it, therefore he flies to pieces when he lands on him. That's all guys, broken furniture, the only laugh in the whole movie. No amount of fashionable clothes, music or scenery of the sixties can save this smelly paradise, and should be avoided at all costs. Viewing this can create an unnatural desire on the part of the audience for the very causing of serious bodily harm.
