When I was seventeen, I sincerely believed that Elvis was the king of rock and roll, and I not only wanted to see all 31 of his “character” films, but I also wanted to have them. What an exceptionally bad excuse for a seventeen year old I should have been. Fortunately, the feeling prevailed, and Live A Little, Love A Little is the only Elvis film that I have. <br /> <br /> This spotlight recently appeared after a remixed version of the main song A Little Less Conversation was released. one. (He first hit the top ten in the UK in 22 years - his first number 1 out of 25 in the UK) Even when I was seventeen years old, and I seriously needed psychiatric help, I realized that the songs for this film were not entirely first class. Nevertheless, “A little less talk” - rolling back and cutting the grooves of the 60s is a real success. The search for a less well-known song, which is known only to relatively few, promoted to the mainstream, evokes a mixture of emotions. It's nice to finally see that faith in the song is justified, but it is also sad to see the disintegration of your personal cult. (And what is the chauvinistic lyrics too. Although in some other Elvis song there is a word “put off”?) <br /> <br /> But what really bothers me in this film is not “A little less talk”, but 84 the minutes that surround him, Actually, based on the novel (“Kiss my firm, but supple lips” - what kind of a limping novel?), In this film, you can see the bored Elvis, covered by a “comedic dog” and a nymphomaniac. Within 90 seconds after meeting him, Michelle Carey asks: “Do you want to make love to me?” I am sure that you will quickly agree with this by any standards. <br /> <br /> I think I remember that some of Elvis' early films, in particular, Prison Rock and King Creole, were not so bad, but these are just identikits of hooligans. Dismissing a newspaper can lead to a five-minute karate fight with a pair of gingerbread, resulting in many people on the highway, and the models dress like pink mermaids. For the sake of God, there is even a sequence of dreams. Perhaps the only stupid stereotype that he does not conform to is not having so many songs. Only four options, including the number of credits, you expect an average of 22 minutes between tracks. Some films would be useless because of too many melodies, but here they could help drown out the pain. Of the remaining three tracks, The Edge of Reality is actually not so bad, although Elvis's dance to him was probably called the “Bear Trap.” <br /> <br /> In a sense, for a PG film certificate from 1968, this is astonishingly high in sexual content. Unfortunately, however, with talking dogs, the values ​​of the comedy series in Central America and the toughest dance you have ever seen, the dignity of Elvis is destroyed by this film.
