At last, the day has come for me to witness the perpetuation of Azumi’s fate as a murderer, the realization of her character and the final attempt to drag me into a world that she so mercilessly broke during the first saga. <br /> <br /> It's as poetic as I am when I talk about Azumi 2: Death or Love, because when I cringed at the heavy sentimentality of the House of Flying Daggers and complained about the authenticity of what Aya Uetho portrays murderer with blood, after watching Azumi 2 I began to appreciate the previously mentioned flaws more than ever before. <br /> <br /> The definition of each killer not only seems dull and boring, but many important elements are excluded from the whole experience. In Azumi 1, we saw how the assassins used various invisibility tactics (which is their number one priority), as well as logic, to simplify the work on their marks with the help of quick executions and quick escape abilities. But I will not object too strongly to this film, since this time the story is slightly corrected, and there are many more obstacles on the way for Azumi to prevent her from reaching the commander and not showing any signs of charisma. By the way, Chiaki is for the most part stupidly put off on the shelves and mostly plays a softer version of Go Go, with the exception of cool weapons and a sense of threat. <br /> <br /> This brings me to the final hit, which is an action, simply disguised in the title as the side of the Death epic. In the first half of the film, we see the debut of many promising opponents with bright looks and even brighter weapons. No one is surprised that they somehow meet their end, but the film fails when each of them begins to die too quickly and too easily. In Azumi 1, the young assassins mostly overwhelmed opponents with quick, but somewhat satisfactory battles, and the final battle between Azumi and Bijomaru compared with the battles in Azumi 2 was at least culminating and worthwhile. Some interesting effects were introduced, but they could not achieve innovation due to the brevity of each meeting. I do not in any way bring down the traditional style of samurai films with their fast and realistic battles, but the characters of both Azumi films were so inventive and straight from the anime that the rules could be broken and the action had to be further enriched. br /> <br /> The romantic side of Azumi is there to fill the time between the battle scenes, and, unfortunately, in the end, it does not make sense and does not give much-needed permission. <br /> <br /> As a fan, I will not lie, and I recognize my neutrality and non-impressionability with respect to Azumi’s first film, but I will take a step forward and say that after watching Azumi 2, the original was made to look like like a flawless masterpiece. Whatever the cost, Azumi 2: Death or Love could go straight to the video, with its invisibly richer budget and disastrous potential, to add or even expand on the bumpy journey of desperate killers, doing everything possible to restore peace, unshakable courage to die trying.
