I thought that the film (especially the plot) required a lot of work. Elements of the film remain Westernized and do not correspond to attempts to create an oriental atmosphere in the film. I will cite three of the many shortcomings of the film: <br /> <br /> First, when Shen told Wendy that he would help her learn the history of China, I was very glad that viewers would get a little information about Chinese history; but it turns out that in the film Wendy did not quite study the history of China; but instead, in the film, only Wendy practices the method of remembering what she was learning, which upset and dismay me. <br /> <br /> Secondly, I was really worried about how the characters constantly mentioned moon cakes - Moon cakes and moon cakes, what and how it tastes good. And yet they did not really mention the true meaning of this. The only thing they said they had anything to do with the moon cake was the Autumn Festival, which they did not explain and did not go deep. They might mention the moon cake myth, the Moon Lady. The myth begins with the fact that there once existed ten suns, and each of them rotated, rising, but once all ten suns rose, drying the earth with increasing strong heat; thus the Divine Archer, Hou Yi, shot nine of ten suns, leaving only one sun (there are different versions when Hou Yi shot eight of nine suns). Because of his heroic contribution, he was given a pill of immortality so that he could live forever in case ten suns rise again, but his wife Chan-O has stolen it. Having stolen her, she fled to the moon, where she met a hare. Then she came across the idea and told the hare to crush the pill into many pieces so that she could spread the pill all over the earth, giving everyone immortality. (There are several versions of this story, but throughout my childhood I have heard most of the time about this version). I thought that such details would make the plot more culturally oriented in China. <br /> <br /> The last thing I would like to mention is the last scene of the battle in the film. Teachers who were obsessed with monks, fought with terracotta warriors (statues of soldiers resembling life), went against the idea of ​​the importance of Chinese history for the Chinese. The Terracotta Wars serve as a link with the past of China, and it was very westernized (where evil must be killed in any case possible) that the monks in the films were ready to break this connection. It would be understandable if Wendy, believing that she was Sino-American and did not have complete Chinese knowledge, would have destroyed these priceless artifacts without any problems. <br /> <br /> The whole movie was pro-Western, because it seemed that all the monks and Shen want to do is fight ... I mean, this is a TVPG rating due to violence that goes against Confucius’s opinion cooperation and harmony. It may seem more accurate that monks try to avoid violence and try to solve peaceful problems before resorting to violence. <br /> <br /> In general, everything or one of the producer, writer or director did not conduct his research completely and instead did a messy and easy job. I would advise either to stop showing this film, or to reshoot the film so that it contains more accurate information; nevertheless, I would like to pay tribute (2 stars) for eliminating one stereotype that Asians and Asian Americans are smart and calm.
