I understand that life on the Western plains of Wyoming in the 1900s was brutal, in fact, it is probably still cruel today, but was it monumental enough to turn into a seemingly film made for television? In addition, the rights of women in this country were still on the rise, why find an independent woman who decided to start all over again in this harsh territory and yet demonstrate the realism of the era? would it make for good viewing? Honestly, I do not know. I’ve been thinking about this movie for the past two days, and I still can’t gain strength to say that it’s a terrible movie, but I can honestly tell you that it wasn’t the best movie I’ve ever seen. From a few styles of hodgepodge to two different actors, playing without emotional character, to some of the worst horror scenes with a PG rating that have ever left the cinema of the late 70s, it is difficult to fully understand what Heartland is. It was good? Was it bad? It may be for you to look and decide for yourself, but until then, here are the moments that I enjoyed and desperately hated! <br /> <br /> This film continues to cause me problems, because there were very interesting scenes. Scenes where I was not sure what the director was doing or in which direction he was going, but somehow it still seemed to work well as a whole. I thought that the story as a whole was a very interesting, historical story. I don't know much about life in Wyoming, especially in the early 1900s, so this film captured this image in my head. The idea of ​​very cold winters, that there are no neighbors for many miles, and this point of view of Polaroid, untouched by corporate America. Testifying was refreshing and excitingly exciting (albeit on TV). There were scenes that really stood out in my mind, such as the scene of cattle branding, the scene of the slaughter of pigs and the sad owner of the house who did not survive their journey, who simply brought in this story a real sense of realism. Director Richard Pierce did a great job in bringing the audience about Wyoming, but I'm not sure that he brought decent players to accompany the show. <br /> <br /> Although I will constantly complement the scenery of this film, I had problems coping with actors who seemed to be walking around the set and reading their lines from the cards on the side. Rip Thorne seemed out of place in his role as Clyde Stewart, a loner who somehow finds a connection with Eleanor Randall Conchata Ferrell. Two actors have no chemistry at all. Their scenes, which they share together, are meaningless and honestly devoid of any emotions. The pregnancy scene almost got me stuck because of how these two “veteran” actors portrayed it. Brave Elinor does what she must to pull the child out of herself, while Clyde nods approvingly when she is finished. This is Love? Was it supposed to be love? I don’t know, I think that with stronger characters, we’d see a stronger connection, but with Thorn and Ferrell it seemed that the two actors were just playing their roles. The other scenes that seemed to be fighting in my head were such as when a frozen horse knocked on the door in search of food or shelter, the constantly disappearing and growing compassion that Clyde felt for Elinor’s daughter (I just did not believe in ), the absence of a real winter struggle and the entire earthly scene. The scene of the land, especially because I needed more explanations about what Elinor does, why she does it, and why Clyde will build her a house if they get married! It was these simple events that, if they had spent time studying, would have helped create a stronger film. <br /> <br /> Overall, I will go in the middle of the way with this feature. There were definitely elements that were supposed to be studied more deeply, such as the relationship between these two strangers and Elinor's ultimate goals in housing, but they were opposed by some beautiful scenes of our people. These panoramic scenes, which in 100 years turned from huge mountains to huge skyscrapers. While there were some brilliant scenes of realism (cattle and pigs), I just felt that we needed more. Depth was a key element that was lacking in this film, which was overshadowed by a minor game and shrinking story. Pierce could have plunged deeper into this untapped world, but instead left open loopholes and clichés of Western characters. Ferrell was carrying her, but Thorn was completely insane. Worth seeing, but I won't take it anymore. <br /> <br /> Rating: ** of *****
