Joseph L. Mankiewicz’s “Sutut” did not need a remake. This is a well-made film that stands well to this day. However, given that the modern day rework machine is currently in full swing; I really can not say that I was surprised to see the film updated for the modern audience. The plot remains identical to the original film, and it is based on the story of a young man, Milo Tyndl, who goes to meet an older man, Andrew Wyke, to discuss a divorce, because the young man has an affair with an older man’s wife. From there begins the game of cat and mouse. From the very beginning, it became clear that director Kenneth Branán wanted to add a new touch to this film, and he does this thanks to the central location, which was changed from the original original gaming country house to technical wonder equipment with layers of security equipment. I am glad that the director decided to make this change, since no one wants to see a remake that directly copies the original; Plus there is the fact that the location is well used and always a pleasure to watch. Unfortunately, however, the positive elements of Sleuth 2007 are running out. <br /> <br /> The original film lasted more than two hours, while this remake is only eighty minutes shadow. Therefore, naturally, this means that this version has less about it; and, unfortunately, the characters suffer. The plot is also in a hurry, and we get into the first turn of the story too quickly, and before we are given any chance to understand why and how these events can occur. The film does not build characters or mutual understanding between them, enough to make sure their relationship makes sense. One important thing that has changed in the older character is his obsession; in the original, he was obsessed with games that turned out to be VERY important when turns come into play. Here he has some kind of protective fetish, which in fact means nothing by the end. Kenneth Brann's work with the film makes it possible to get a classy grade, but the class ends there. The original flourished on this, but this film is happy to just dirty itself with curses in numerous, and mostly unreasonable cases; which makes it cheaper. The last twist in the story is completely different from what it was in the original, and ensures that the film comes down to a really disgusting conclusion. Having spent two hours with the original, I understood, respected and loved both characters presented in the film - after eighty minutes I hated both of them. I have some respect for Branagh for not just rolling out an exact copy of the original film; but this is not a very good adaptation of the great play by Anthony Schaffer.
