Harold Pinter rewrites Anthony Schaeffer's classic play about a man who is going to visit her lover's husband and forcing it all to go sideways. The original film starred Lawrence Olivier and Michael Caine. In this version, Kane plays the role of Olivier, and he is paired with Jude Law. Here is the film directed by Kenneth Branagh. <br /> <br /> The acting is impressive. Both Kane and Law are quite worthy performers of their roles. I really like chemistry and the clash of personalities. This is wonderful and enough reason to observe when the direction of the script becomes erratic. <br /> <br /> Harold Pinter's dialogue is clear and sharp and often very witty, and I understand why he was chosen to rewrite the play (which is updated to use surveillance cameras, etc.). The problem is that the script moves the characters terribly. Michael Kane, without any particular reason, leads Lowe through his strange modern home with sliding doors and panels. Conversations occur repeatedly in different places. I know that Pinter did this in his plays, but in this case it becomes tedious. Why do we need a couple to repeat the fact that Law sleeps with Kane's wife again and again? It would be good if at some point Lo said enough, we did it, but he does not act as if for the first time every time. The script also does not allow Kane to manipulate the Law well. Let's start with the fact that he is blindly angry to begin, so he has no chance to turn around and scare us. (Never mind the end of the game revelation, which makes you wonder why he was worried) In the original, we never suspected what happened. here we do it, and although it gives an advantage, it also seems false for some reason, because it is so clear that we have to wonder why Milo Lo does not see that he is being substituted. There are several other cases, but to say more, this is too much. <br /> <br /> Thinking about the film in retrospect, I think this is a film of missed opportunities and missteps. Missed opportunities are the best fireworks between Kane and Lowe. Failures in the fact that the choice of bright situations and strange shifts in the plot make it impossible for us to create a tense and believable thriller. Instead, we get intelligent dialogue and excellent performances in the film that do not allow them to be real. <br /> <br /> Despite some great performances and ingenious dialogue, it's only 4 out of 10, because the rest of the script just doesn't work.
