Almost ten years have passed since I saw one of the last two sequels of The Ghost, of course, because I still vividly remember that they are not very good. Admitting to this day, I'm still a big fan of the first two parts, so I thought that I would come back and re-read the “final chapters”. The third part is definitely the worst of the series, since she obviously takes herself less seriously and adds a bunch of tangled things that don't have much sense ... Again, starting from the place where the previous film left us, Reggie saves Mike from A tall man who vows to come back for him later, but things are unreliable for long when they run into Jody, who is inexplicably able to take the form of a sphere. Obviously, his soul is captured by the High Man, so Mike was dragged into an ominous double world, and Reg must find him ... On the way, he meets a ten-year-old child and a nun. with a black chick named Rocky, who helps him throughout his journey. <br /> <br /> In Ghost III, there is nothing memorable, besides how silly and violently “humorous” he is trying to be. The only positive thing that did not even help the film was the return of A. Michael Baldwin and Bill Thornbury, who for the first time played their roles after the original 1978 classic. The problem is that they are largely filmed in a cameo ... Reggie Banister, of course, has returned to his main role, but his clumsy, sickly love attitude makes his presence too annoying to love him. Angus Scrimm also did not quite fit into his role. He speaks too much here and is not at all so threatening and terribly contrasted with the "quirkiness" to which the film seemed casually to resort. The opinion of most people about this film seems rather impassive and tend to think that "it is still interesting." Maybe I'm a big nits fan, but I just couldn't get into it. I remember that I did not like it when I was a child, and after re-viewing - I can say with confidence - nothing has changed. Don Coscarelli shook the scene with his original low-budget, nightmarish, legendary film "Ghost", which I still consider my favorite horror film, and its respectable sequel makes things move and grimly surreal and GORY, but "Lord of the Dead" (silly name) looked too hasty and hit with me ... Turning on two new characters, Tim and Rocky (the only thing missing was Scrapi Do !!) was a clear sign that Koscarelli lacked ideas and saw how far he will be able to born in a franchise ... <br /> <br /> So, this is the film "Phantasm", in which very little blood, naked bodies and four-barreled guns. Do I need to say more?
