* Contains several spoilers * This film is the disgusting horror of the 80s in all its horror. The plot takes too long to get off the ground, it never calms down, and then just crashes into a movie after 40 minutes. Zombie fans have a few moments, but not enough to create a real sense of fear. <br /> <br /> Zombies also do not see for a long time. First, there is a whole half of the movie about mobs and prison gangs. The hero of the film is a former Vietnamese veterinarian who got into the crowd. The mafia’s main boss sets him up and he goes to jail. In this prison, they experiment with prisoners to find a way to cure them of suicidal tendencies and criminal behavior. But the mentally ill scientist / military guy has other plans. He wants to use a slightly different version of the serum to do ... yes, yes ... super-soldier! After some infected prisoners kill several guards, and most of the prison has a round of contaminated communion wine, the guy from the military / lunatic scientist says: “Hey, this can be a problem” and calls the genius scientist who has become a hot investigating journalist - independent a female character who, of course, invented the original serum. She goes to prison to see what is happening, the military calls several special forces units from her safe place outside the prison, and the hero takes responsibility for several prisoners with a heart of gold when a riot breaks out. The hero guy and the scientist / journalist team up to find a cure, save the children of the warden and deal with some angry prisoners, both infected and not. Meanwhile, the mafia boss made a deal to go to jail to save his imprisoned brother. The military are preparing to blow up this place, and everyone inside is clambering to find a way out. <br /> <br /> There are many bloody scenes where people are killed when they are pushed or dragged through prison bars. There is also a terrible scene of decapitation and a scene with an electric current, in which the same infected prisoner Rasta participates. However, the most disturbing scene occurs at the beginning of the film, when a coarse, corrupt guard rapes a prisoner. <br /> <br /> The main highlight of this film is one scene near the end. The hero, the woman and the children are trying to make their way to the only way of salvation. Their path leads them into a long corridor, on one side of which there is a wall, and on the other - prison bars. Hundreds of bloody zombie hands stretch through hair and faces as they pass by. There are also some good scenes with the classic “pair of zombies munching on newly dead bodies” and “lots of zombies tearing one guy to shreds”. <br /> <br /> In general, it is worth seeing if you explore the zombie genre, because there are so many zombie clichés in it that are worth noting; This is practically an instruction about what should not be done when creating a movie about zombies. But if you're new to zombie movies and really want to scare, you should look elsewhere.
