Wow, the plot for this movie is everywhere! There is so much plot and so many things that happen that it actually made my head spin !! And, as a result, none of this seemed particularly plausible. <br /> <br /> The film begins with Kay Francis playing a housewife in a small town. She had some experience with the local theater, and she is going to go to Broadway. When a major actor arrives in the city, she pursues him in the hope that he can give her career growth. But her husband is worried about fraud - because this actor is a hooligan. So hubby bursts into them and hits the actor - and the actor dies! As a result, he was convicted of first-degree murder !!! Not manslaughter, but murder 1! Now, pregnant and in need of funds, Kay goes to New York. But work on Broadway is not to be found, so she is forced to get any job - even a burlesque. Not able to adequately care for her young daughter, she gives her another woman to raise. However, in the end she finds work in a true Broadway play, and everything looks rosy. But the jealous diva, who plays the main role in the play, hates her for some inexplicable reason and forces her to leave the play. Sad, she goes to England and becomes a real star. Years later, she returns to New York to pick up her child, but the child is older and thinks that the woman who cares for her is her real mother. At the same time, her husband’s lawyer now believes that if he receives $ 10,000, he can take this man out of prison. As another reviewer wrote, is it to bribe people ?! How else can you get 10,000 dollars - maybe he will buy a helicopter so that they can fly into the prison yard and catch him !! Wow - that's enough for 2 or 3 movies! And all this happens in 45 minutes !!! Believe it or not, that's not all. If you really don't care, take a look for yourself to find out how it all unfolds. <br /> <br /> This is something like “writing a kitchen sink” - to drop almost everything and hope that somehow everything will work. Unfortunately, the film turns out to be hopelessly incredible and soft, despite the best efforts of Ms. Francis. This is the film that no one could save, thanks to the plot of the second level. It is as if someone just took a few dozen plot elements, threw them into the box and began randomly choosing them to make a movie !! In general, if you are not a dedicated Kay Francis fan or like anything Hollywood did in the 1930s, this one you can easily miss. Not scary, but certainly not good. <br /> <br /> By the way, the child who plays the daughter of Francis on his return to New York (Sybil Jason), was really terrible. I think it should have been ... I think.
