I do not know what is with these children Brady. First Barry Williams publicly brags about sexuality with his television sister Maureen McCormick, and then meets with her television mom Florence Hederson. Then, Susan (Cindy) Olsen makes music for a bunch of porn movies. Then Mike (Bobby) Lockinland gets in trouble for drunk driving. Finally, Maureen (Marcia), McCormick and Eva (Jan) Plum, may have had a little same-sex intrigue on the side. Now Christopher (Peter) Knight pursues a beautiful young model at her age of 20 years during his work on "Surrealistic life", which was interesting to watch at first, and now they are married and are in very volatile and hostile relations. The last episode where she posed a bunch of naked photos with another naked girl for a note to give to Christopher for her birthday was not a very good move on her part. And he coped with it in a very mature way, simply by picking up the phone and leaving to clear his head. I think he always bowed to her in every way, and now he finally gets up. And I hate to say it, but I think that she insults him verbally. The way she tortured him for his wedding ring, and the way she beat him for every little thing. In addition, she openly talks about having relationships with other women, and it is obvious that she is still sleeping on him with women and men, which is not something that any self-respecting person should do when already married to someone If it was a man who talked to his wife like that and went to parties every night and had sex with other people, everyone would have rallied behind his wife to leave him. Why should this be any different? What began with a cute little love for another reality show turned into a huge disaster. Adrianna, as beautiful as she is, is similar to other Britney Spears and Lindsay Lohan, who clearly need some therapy because she cries like a baby because of so many stupid things. I feel sorry for her, but Chris has to get rid of her, because he is a good man who cannot afford to be so humiliated.
