When a film has at least FIVE different titles, it usually means several things and almost always means that the film has serious flaws somewhere. Necromancy has serious flaws and is simply bad. I saw a version on a video called The Rosemary's Disciples. Yes, I am sure that this is different from other versions, but I am not inclined to think that in any case there is any other version and a few more minutes that she may have will be really better. The story is perhaps the biggest problem: the film begins with the awakening of Lori and her husband, who is taking her to the city, where he has a new job in the toy factory for the occultists (yes, this is getting bad early!) The city is called Lilith, and there is a guy with a rifle on the bridge to make sure that only those chosen by the “owner” of the city can enter it. Soon we find that everyone who lives in Lilith is a witch, and everyone follows the instructions Mr. Caton is the head of a municipal coven who wants to return his dead son (hence the name Necromancy). People in the city do such things - they arrange ceremonies, some, for example, wear a goat's head, and there is an abundance of indistinct (little can be seen in this area), but none of these people are very good actors. Mr. Cato plays a figurative and literally extraordinary film director Orson Welles. Wells is misused, but make no mistake, he is the best in this film. And this is indeed the saddest part of Necromancy, since Wells demonstrates a rather poor and pedestrian work with a small directorial leadership. In one of the scenes at the party, director Bert and Gordon continue to return to Wells, watching the party's actions, using exactly the same footage! It looked funny. Like the scene that was repeatedly seen again and again when the woman’s hand was in the center of a whirling fire after a car accident. It was like a store mannequin hand. The story is never fully used because we never know what is happening: many scenes are shot as dreams or hallucinations and are never confirmed. This also applies to the banal hockey ending. Leading Pamela Franklin - clever, beautiful and talented. In addition to her performances, these slender collections from the rest of the actors without Wells. Guidance and history were made by Gordon, who clearly had little gasoline in the engine. This is not a good movie under any name.
