To begin with and for reference, the term "Necromancy" describes the art of black magic to bring the dead back to life, and it has nothing to do with sex with corpses. This is called necrophilia, and yes, I know that this is an obvious difference, but I already receive many comments from friends and relatives that I have a perverted taste in the movies! This film, in fact, is completely opposite to the perverted or slovenly and simply qualifies as boring, inept and terribly bad. "Necromancy" is included in at least the top five leaders of the rating, namely, in the list of the most disjointed films ever created! Now director Bert I. Gordon is not quite known for delivering masterpieces (his repertoire includes such names as “Earth vs. Spider”, “King of Dinosaurs” and “Gods Food”), but he really surpassed himself here with completely meaningless an extra and completely meaningless story about witchcraft and secretive small towns. Shortly after the tragic experience, when their child was born dead, Laurie and her husband Frank moved to the quiet town of Lilith, where Frank was suddenly offered an outstanding job in a toy factory. Laurie is suspiciously set up and feels a painful atmosphere, especially due to the fact that the patriarch and the “owner” of the city, Mr. Cato, behaves very intrusive and mysterious. This is another matter. How can someone "own" the city and everyone in it? In any case, Laurie gradually discovers that everything in Lilith is a witch, and Mr. Cato lured her to the city solely because of her supernatural ability to resurrect the dead. For many years, Cato has been trying to bring his dead son to life, and he is ready to make any human sacrifice he wishes. I honestly do not see the point of the whole film. Is this the blatant robbery of "Baby Rosemary" ?? Is one of the alternative names even "Rosemary's Disciples" ?? but the script is confused and misplaced beyond belief. Why is no one allowed to have children as long as Cato’s son remains dead? It is really very selfish! When, where and how did Lori suddenly learn how to raise the dead? "Necromancy" definitely contains some really strange and atmospheric moments, but they are unconsciously achieved either by complete coincidence, or due to the complete lack of budget. Grainy photography gives the film a creepy atmosphere, and the scenery looks cheap enough to be creepy. Speech by Orson Welles ?? undoubtedly the lowest point of his career ?? sorry, and yet this is the best aspect in the whole film.
