The only previous Gordon film that I watched was the children's adventure MAGIC SWORD (1962), although I soon followed him with "THE EMPIRE OF MEN" (1977); however, he seems to be best remembered for his sci-fi work of the 1950s. <br /> <br /> Anyway, I stumbled upon this while renting DVDs: didn’t I notice the unmistakable figure of Orson Welles? on the sleeve, I probably would not even bother with it - because I know the film under its original name NON-COMMERCIAL! I saw an excerpt from it on my father’s old horror volume: the presence of an actor in a film about diabolism seemed like a great idea that you cannot miss, but the end result - especially in this bogus publication - is a disaster! I, frankly, was sorry Wells, who looks bored, and instead of his deep and commanding voice, he whispers meaningless demonic spells in almost a whisper !! <br /> <br /> The plot, in essence, is another repetition of Rozyris (1968): a couple, under a false pretext, is invited to a remote community and soon discovers that they are surrounded by devils. The girl played by Pamela Franklin allegedly possesses supernatural abilities (transferred from her mother, who periodically appears to warn her - although, as it happens intensely through clenched teeth, the latter's speeches are largely incoherent, and the foundation of incredible gaiety every time, when she appears!) and is expected to resurrect the dead little son of Wells from the dead !! Whatever the cost, Franklin - a regular genre, starting with her debut performance in the movie "The Innocent" (1961) - copes well with its role (which requires some nudity and undergoes several creepy hallucinations during the film); Husband Michael Ontkin, however, does not cope with the task of his character, similar to John Cassavetes. Some other girls look good too - especially Lee Purcell, whose belated decision to help Franklin escape from the city ultimately proves her death. <br /> <br /> Events reach their limits in an incredibly confusing climax, which eventually sees Satanists turning on Franklin and forcing her to take the place of a reborn boy in a coffin (thanks for you!). While the added scenes really stick out (fun opening ceremony and other potential erotic decorations), the overall quality of the film without them would be poor; on the other hand, this particular version drowned even more in the tied electronic account - which is completely inappropriate and utterly stupid!
