As a teenager, I was fond of everything that concerns the snowman: I read books and watched the reports that were reported. As an exhausted adult, I’m mostly disappointed in the big guy, but don’t mind watching a strange film when I’m faced with it. It had several strengths - basically, the re-creation of the two most famous Bigfoot encounters - the Monkey Canyon incident in 1924 and the Bauman incident in 1850 related to Teddy Roosevelt, and of which I’m a little familiar with this youthful reading i did. The film takes for granted that both incidents are related to the sasquatch, while both incidents have more plausible explanations, but the re-creation was well done. At the beginning of the film, Patterson’s famous video is also glorified, again taking for granted its authenticity. The meeting with the sasquat at the end of the film was also very well done and looked very creepy, since the sasquot was portrayed mostly in the shadows or like hairy legs running past scared people. Unfortunately, a total of these four things could be about 20 minutes, while the film as a whole takes just over an hour and a half. <br /> <br /> This is a fictional story (made in documentary style) expedition to a remote area of ​​northern British Columbia, on the intended home area of ​​the sasquatch. The computer aimed at this area based on the observations, and in one of the funniest scenes in the film, the computer also used “witness observations” to draw a sasquatch that looked exactly like the “creature” from Patterson's video! Besides the 20 minutes I mentioned, we mainly watch this expedition journey, which means that we can watch as a group of guys go on a long hike. I was hiking with guys. Let me tell you - they have never been worthy of the movie. Among the long boredom sites, some good pictures of wild nature are scattered (although it can be suspected that canned frames were used, or perhaps even captive animals acting as wild animals), and there are some spectacular landscape shots, except that the landscape is not northern Britain . Colombia, this is from Oregon National Parks. <br /> <br /> I really appreciate that we were never given a real picture of saskach, so we didn’t have to deal with bad makeup, which would be a part of this. 3/10
