MAY CONTAIN SPOILERS ..... I am surprised at the high rating of this film, to be honest .. in fact. Everything I saw was a slow propaganda film that had nothing to say. (Note that he himself should check the platoon's rating here.) This film was so black and white ... The Americans are good ... anybody else, angry or useless. As I understand it, the British troops in it were supposed to be SAS (one of the most elite units in the world, with which most would agree, I'm almost sure), they lost 3 people, and the rest ran away until the American troops were even elite soldiers in in a combat sense, they held on to the ground and opened a can of donkey ass to evil, mean Iraqi people. There are dead lines to mind. The only good thing I have to say about this movie came in this sense, when the sniper pulled the SAS man ... a muzzle flash from a distance, good noise ... really well done, but the rest ... Spare me what I here 10 years ?? !! Well, I do not see and can see the senseless propaganda in the film, and the boy did it in this film. <br /> <br /> SPOILER ... Yes, and basically a crazy, wild guy can't stay home with his wife and little child ... no, he has to sign up for another year to fight in the senseless lies of war! ! Why ... because young men need thrills or something like that. For example, I am surprised at the high rating of this film. <br /> <br /> P.S. I do not hate America, I hate the message of this film, which, it seems, does not even want to face the problems of an illegal war (in my opinion), which is quite fair, because obviously there are people who think that this is a fair war for what For a bad reason (I wanted to say something more to her, but censored), but hey, that's their business. But making such a one-sided film like black and white ... good versus evil is lazy and treats me like a child. There are many grays in a war, and two (sometimes more) sides believe in what they are fighting for. Not Star Wars with something dark side poems about goodies. In the name of Hollywood, sometimes you really take people for circles ... then again 7.8 ... well, maybe you're right, but I will not buy it. I am glad that I downloaded this movie, I will tell you all this for nothing. ;)
