Like last day, Ayn Rand, Bigelow is the main heroine Mayu Macho in his film about several tough American hombers stuck in Iraq, clearing roadside bombs set by merciless, ruthless, killing children of Arab terrorists. As Bigelow positions the Iraq war as the backdrop of a grandiose human drama scene, one veteran bomb expert exploded and another appeared to replace him in a dusty, hot, ugly wreck of Iraq, and a new hero was born. <br /> <br /> A new guy is what John Hershey described in his book, and then in the movie “Lover of War”, as a sadistic nut, which is actually not suitable for civilian life and requires that war be motivated to sublimate and suppress their strange sexual desires. A lover of war can fully function only in war, peacetime chokes him. While Hershey punished the war lover (in the film Steve McQueen in one of his greatest roles), Bigelow glorifies him. The army needs war lovers, they are a stronghold of defense against our enemies. We cannot accept the truth that it is the war lovers who are the best soldiers, the toughest people. According to Bigelow, ordinary men are pussies, a lover of war is a special breed, the last of cowboys. So what if he wants to defeat his people or caress an Iraqi boy? He is a return to the cult of the war of the sexes and death. In war, sex is ungrateful, unloved, not asking, not telling the kind of male connection. Bigelow has no opinion on this; it simply limits the possibilities of masculinity in this meaningless attempt at realism. Only a war lover can win in the moral struggle between good and evil, between American innocence and Arab deceit. Bigelow hides his racism and arrogance behind the cunning facade of journalism. She is just another fanatic who portrays a fierce war against civilians as a moral triumph of the spirit. <br /> <br /> On the political front, Bigelow returns again and again to the Western genre and its ruthless cliché, to nausea: the wonderful world of an open border that turns out to be a foreign country. (“You can shoot people here,” the soldier says); A strong, but human companion of a black guy, a soldier with a premonition of death, a rude, possibly crazy commander, a college fool who tries to make friends with the enemy. You name it, Bigelow resurrects it. <br /> <br /> Man’s love for a boyfriend is palpable in scenes with a cute Arab boy who made friends with a war lover, but Bigelow plays it right; she does not complete sex, but simply disinfects it. What Bigelow really wants to show us is the ugly, mocking face of an Arab enemy. Any Iraqi who is not a pure evil is either insane, hostile or useless. All of them deserve to die for their arrogance, and many of them are shot in this dark movie about the bloody festival. All Iraqi women are hysterical, they only scream about their presence. All I know can be stuntmen who never see their faces. There is no presence of women at the base or in combat, although the number of casualties among women in Iraq will certainly refute this. <br /> <br /> Bigelow goes through all the movements one by one. She glorifies war, she canonizes a sadistic hero. Cowboys, surrounded by inhuman Indians, prove their courage by doing God's work and suppressing the hellish hole of terrorists killed by terrorists with obvious bravado and suicidal mania. In the end, I wanted to root for the Indians. In the world of Bigelow, however, neither mercy nor understanding will ever overcome it. Iraqis are truly inhuman. Slaughter of civilians is just a dramatic background of our hero's psychosexual struggle. Every US bullet finds its mark. You have to love a guy who loves war. This is just his way, he is a true hero. He's just a guy trying to do something hard, and so what, he craves the smell of a boy on the side.
