This line is funnier in England, where Vixen is far from the native America! The word "fanny" has a completely new meaning. Unfortunately, this is the only laugh you get in this horrible sex comedy that is neither sexy nor funny. <br /> <br /> Strangely indecent with painted eyebrows, Erica Gavin (acting ability: zero) is a nymphomaniac who craves his own brother, but rejects his dark-skinned friend, making derogatory remarks about watermelons. As if in retaliation, he asked her if she would go with a Shetland pony. A reference is also made to "do it with monkeys." Gavin's ability to tremble and tremble at orgasmic pleasure at the slightest touch matches only the lack of attractiveness of her seduction dance ?? which includes a bonfire and haddock. Personally, I preferred haddock. <br /> <br /> For the 68th, it was a rather tame material, and he refutes the contradictions that he was attracting at the time. The character states that he is “stoned”, although he is only on bourbon, and for one of the original “X” certificates there is no complete frontal nudity. Just six years later, we get Timmy Lee and his "Confession", but here we have to take topless pictures. Only the last seduction of Gavin of her own brother is really shocking. Another thing for Vixen is where it helps to solve sexual problems between a married couple by sleeping with both of them. These two women obviously do not like to play their scene together and make little effort to disguise it. After Vixen smooths out their disharmony, the romantic husband concludes his wife: “I think she understood that she comes to her!” <br /> <br /> The only almost worthwhile episode includes an unusual discussion of Cuban communism. It seems out of place with the rest of the film, although coupled with shots of Gavin’s breasts to tie it into continuity. This leads to an indefinite anti-Vietnamese position that deserves praise, although, if you quit it in the midst of such a frivolous film, it seems banal and insensitive, if not just plain tasteless. By the way, the role of a potential communist Niles Brooke is played by Harrison Paige, the same Harrison Paige, who played Captain Truna in the funny comedy "Maul"! Paige should be embarrassed by his reverse catalog (which also includes Meier's “Outside the Valley of Dolls”), although Meyer's apologists make you believe that terrible dialogue, a lousy game, careless guidance and terrible editing are not only a part of charm, but also completely intentional . As a defense, it does not hold water. <br /> <br /> Annoying random music ?? is there something between a melody that they play in a cinema ad and the music used by TV channels when the program is interrupted ?? omnipresent and intrusive; while even stupid, unprofessionally distorted camera angles cannot be of interest. Wonderful world of jazz saxophones, where women ask for black men? or "shines" ?? not good enough for everyone, and rape is an acceptable form of revenge. Absolutely deplorable.
