The Wayward Cloud is a disappointing movie. Mysteriously mysteriously, each picture is perceived as a work of art. It seems that the composition of each frame was designed and prepared with special care, bordering on obsession; Expressing how far the cinema has advanced since the appearance of the very first films in the 19th century and imitating their construction, does the camera hardly move here ?? except during the camp and colorful musical numbers. Ambient noise is minimized and hardly a word is spoken. This curious, but effective device forces the audience to focus on visual stimuli alone, so that even when the story develops at a snail-like pace, we feel immersed. Unfortunately, for me, at least, this immersion begins to disintegrate somewhere around the hour mark. It began to seem to me that the film makes me keep watching, but it gets harder as the minutes drag on so that the simple act of watching turns into a battle of wills. <br /> <br /> If the content of this film weren’t it as sexy as it would undoubtedly be even more obscure to a western audience. Like this, there is an abundance of female nudity and an act of sexual assault on an unconscious (or possibly dead) woman who is so disgusting that, while he can talk a lot about the degradation to which pornography exposes man and woman (users and used) he is so overly zealous in the sense in which he decides to express his opinion in order to effectively make him ineffective. Of course, the worst and most enthusiastic participants of the explosion in the available pornographic content will search for this film for all the wrong reasons and watch it with its sticky finger on the fast forward button of the remote control. <br /> <br /> In spite of all its problems, the film is definitely on the threshold, and the more you think about it, the more sense certain aspects show in it. Ironically, for a film in which so little happens, the viewer is likely to be proportionally rewarded by watching it a second or even third time. For me, however, was once enough ??
