BFG is one of Roald Dahl's most cherished books, but there is simply no magic in this animated adaptation. This version remains fairly true to the original Dahl story, so no one can blame the screenplay of John Hambley. In any case, the fault lies in colorless animation, sluggish pace and generally weak voice-overs. One would expect that this story will become a happy, bright, fun-filled film ... instead, the film is a hopelessly boring novel that becomes quite tiresome to watch. Children who are not familiar with the story should definitely read the book in the first place! All that the film achieves is to postpone their reading of what is actually a child’s classic. <br /> <br /> Young orphan Sophie (voice of Amanda Ruth) lives in a not too friendly shelter under the cruel supervision of the children. Mrs. Clonkers One evening, she peers out the window when she notices a massive figure sneaking down a village street. The figure understands that they have seen her, so she stretches out her hand through the window and snatches Sophie from her bed, putting her in her huge pocket before running into the night. Soon, Sophie discovers that she was kidnapped by a giant from the Land of the Giants, and is afraid that he will eat her. But to her relief, he turns out to be a kind and sensitive representative of his kind, who presents himself as a BFG (voice of David Jason). The BFG refuses to eat people, instead limiting itself to disgusting vegetables, known as snozzcumbers. However, the Giant Country is inhabited by many other giants who FOOD - every night, as it happens - on poor unsuspecting people. Sophie and the BFG become good friends, and soon they came up with a plan to thwart other giants. Together they go to the Queen of England (the voice of Angela Thorn) with her remarkable history and beg her to send an army and air force to fight the man-eating giants. The queen agrees and begins a dangerous operation to catch the evil giants before they can harm anyone else. <br /> <br /> Jason is quite well voiced by BFG (one of the few advantages in the film), but his good work is almost destroyed due to poor sound quality. The rest of the voice work is clearly not inspired, and very little to revive the characters. Similarly, BFG is the only character that is figuratively animated - Sophie lacks attractiveness, and giants are boring (and look almost indistinguishable from each other). Even places are not inventive; Giant Country is particularly suitable for short, being nothing more than a barren wasteland with random rocks and canyons. In the 88th minute, the film is not quite long, but still it stretches rather badly in parts because of the sleeping pills with several episodes. Dahl's bit of harmful humor is transmitted satisfactorily. One chapter in the book is devoted to BFG's love of “thunder” (farting) and merry laughter. In the film, the same section is completely killed unfamiliar processing. I came to The BFG, expecting a lot of joy, fun and pleasure, but what I got was pretty much the opposite! This is an unfortunate misfire, which simply does not correspond to the caliber of the book in any department - so, unfortunately, you need to skip it in order to skip it.
