This 1970 hit film didn't grow old very well, but, to be honest, it wasn't as good when it was released. Nevertheless, it was an extremely popular success, perhaps because the idea of ​​a fatalistic young love must have liked the audience, saturated with the constant television coverage of the Vietnam War. The plot is simply useless, since it’s about Oliver Barrett IV, a privileged Harvard hockey player who meets and falls in love with Jenny Caveléry, the antagonistic student music from Vassar, proud of its working-class experience. His old-school father, of course, does not approve of Jenny, and in the typical act of rebellion, this means that a young couple is getting married at one of those hippie ceremonies improvised. He arranges his dream job in New York, but she suddenly falls ill and dies from her incurable disease. Directed by Arthur Hiller demonstrates modern filmmaking techniques, but none of this can hide the old-fashioned, played up cliche story at its core. The inevitable finale left me particularly indifferent. <br /> <br /> Ryan O'Neill and Ali McGraw became the stars of this film in the role of Oliver and Jenny, but for unknown reasons, since none of them are able to convey the depth or complexity necessary for their characters are irresistible. At least, the boyish O'Neill is sincere in his poorly defiant approach, but McGraw is so wooden and dodgy in behavior that it is hard to see what Oliver sees in Jenny behind her sarcastic facade. John Marley (two years before he found a decapitated racehorse in his bed in The Godfather) did better than just a frank baker's father Phil Jenny, like Ray Milland in the role of the seemingly insensible Barrett Patfamily. Over the years, the too-familiar music of Francis Lai has turned into a parody of its own accord. The print quality on DVD is good, although the only addition is a rather effective track with Hiller comments. The most interesting thing is that the author Erich Sigal (on whose book this film is based) Oliver conceived as a mixture of two Harvard roommates he knew ?? Vice President Al Gore and actor Tommy Lee Jones, who turned out to be participating in the film as one of Oliver’s roommates.
