A distorted look at the theme of Pinocchio, set during the Christmas season (.. after the previous record left a connection with Christmas), the mined toys were sent to kill the child (.. however, because of this, other victims accidentally suffered in the process.) possibly from the "manufacturer" of a toy manufacturer. Screaming Mad George was responsible for the killer toys (including the larvae that get into the victim’s mouth and out of his eyes, another where toys for soldiers do shoot bullets at the babysitter after her boyfriend was practically strangled by a severed toy acting from remote control). The small target is a dumb kid named Derek (William Thorn), whose stepfather was killed by a red ball with outstretched arms that capture his face, causing him to land in the fireplace. Mother Sarah (Jane Higginson) worries about the mental state of her son, believing that his reluctance to open gifts or, more importantly, talk is due to the terrible murder of her husband. Derek's real father, Noah (Tracy Frame), fears for his safety and reluctantly informs his ex-girlfriend Sarah that local toy maker Joe Petto (Mickey Rooney) was once arrested for setting traps in toys to harm children due to loss of the unborn. child, when his wife died in a car accident ... as a response to the fact that if he does not have a son, then others should not. While still quite drunk (often swallowed, Jack), Petto seems to have rejected his feelings for the children, but his creepy son Pino (Brian Bremer) did not, and Derek feeds him in fear. What for? Soon you will understand. <br /> <br /> Pretty disappointing special effects and a rather silly premise. Rooney's name adds appeal to the film, gaining his fame, but his story can only help. Attractive leading actress Higginson (Sloterhaus) and Frame as the person who enters her life again are not so bad, but it is difficult to take the unfolding lame story seriously. I guess this is the point, but Rooney has no reason to star in a movie like this ... he has no place to bring any personality to his toy manufacturer, besides rage and despair, quite volatile, barely restraining himself together when he explodes in anger towards Pinot when I don't drink liquor. Bremer, respectively, is strange and “robotic,” like Pinot, who longs for Sara to be his mother. The practical effects used in the attacks on the victims are rather inconclusive. The work of Screaming Madman with Savage Steve Holland was much more effective than what we see in this film. Sex, about which everyone talks, is not as useless as many make you believe (.. I can not even remember any nude). Probably the best of many sequels, illuminated with green light, but this is not quite an approval. I am sure that on paper it was an interesting idea, the idea of ​​faking Pinocchio with the use of elements of horror, but the result just will not blow you away.
