OK, well, it can be hard to put a person’s whole life in one movie. Therefore, traditionally biopika focuses on one or two important parts of the subject’s life. So, Byron was a man “my week exceeds your year”, which makes the choice of parts that are representative, even more difficult. In addition, just as Byron’s poetry is inseparable from his life, human life itself must be considered as a whole. Removal of parts is not only not a complete picture, but also a different picture. <br /> <br /> So my review comes down to this: supposedly Byron really was "my week beating your year." a prototype, a guy who lived so intensely that he really did in his 15 or so active years more than most in his whole life. True, he had setbacks, and he became a victim of that time and the social conditions in which he lived - but in the end, this dude should become the prototype whose life we ​​all want to lead, no? Well, at any moment I did not want to live the life depicted in this film. Thus, he gets 3. Not for the fact that he was so poorly made (which was more or less directed), but, more importantly, for the fact that he missed the point completely on a flat chart. <br /> <br /> A few more details. Well, to simplify things, the biography of Byron should have two different episodes: 1. The post-war journey to Europe: England and his rise to fame + marriage / 2. His life abroad. Now it’s important that the second part should be at least as important as the first. Not only was this much longer, but there was also the most significant change in Byron. In addition, it was here that he created his best works (Don Juan, Vision of Judgment, etc., all that makes him * truly * unique in English literature). <br /> <br /> Instead, in this film () Byron’s life never seems even remotely interesting, (b) it only gets worse after he leaves England. They did two good jobs: first, they started on their return to their European trip (although a little more than the actual trip could have been welcomed as a prologue), second, they chose the corner and chose his incestuous love for Augustus. (who are pretty well matched). The problem with this last thing is that they never let it go. True, Byron remained strongly attached to Augustus for the rest of his life, but, especially since he was such a changeable person, the fact that his letters reflect this does not mean that in other cases he might not have enjoyed life completely . br /> <br /> In any case, the first part of the television film was supposed to end with the fact that he left England. There is no doubt about it. The fact is that once abroad a dissolute life began (from the notorious Geneva period), but in Italy Byron also opened a new life, both for his poetry (inspired by the Italian comedy), already in Venice, and for himself when he found Countess Theresa Giccioli and moved to Ravenna (later, at the request of Shelley, from Teresa to Pisa). In other words, he was also * released *. His mind and life opened up (and not only in a decadent sense), while England closed even further as it fell into the gravitational pull of the Victorian era. True, freedom was without Augusta, but this bitter-sweet freedom has a sour taste in this film. We see a lonely, bored snob, aging. <br /> <br /> I mean, damn it, Byron never really thought about his poetry, except when he finally found his own voice in don Juan! In addition to the poetic and romantic events, his relationship with Shelley (and disappointment) should have been more documented. In addition, it is in Italy in Ravenna that he enjoys politics and revolutionary ideas. This is important because it shows that the decadent romantic and, ultimately, the escapist language and personality Child Harold turns into a more realistic and easier passion of Don Juan's language and personality. Life and work is one thing. True, still a little naive, but this is what led him to Greece! And it all ended in Pisa, where Shelley’s revolutionary spirit sparked a spark even more. Missolong was not a bored snob, suddenly seeking action. These were ideas in Italy (Gambas) that prompted him to action. This may be a symbol for a person who is looking for some kind of combat excitement in the ancient style, while the rest of Europe is buried in the clay of modern reason and conservatism. But it was not just like that, there was real inspiration behind it. Meanwhile, Byron wrote a huge number of Don Juan. True, his end is a little sad, but he is not exhausted. This is the essence of Byron's life: he may have had strong emotional attachments (2: Augustus and Teresa), but EVERY time he managed to truly reinvent himself. This means that he was not “less” at the end of his life — no, he made a physical and mental TRAVEL that few people were ready to do at that time. <br /> <br /> I wonder why so often miss the second period in the life of Byron? Because he had less obvious conflicts since the man finally came to his senses? By focusing our attention on the disappointed years of England, fraught with scandals, we do not show ourselves much better than the English aristocracy of the time, which Byron so despised and which, despite the fact that he had no choice, he * willingly * ran in 1816 to find a world modern enough and liberal enough to allow him to find a voice that will make him the first romantic poet to speak a simple language and turn from an obsessive snob into a passionate person moving forward with a specific goal.
