Just once, I would like to see a version of Beowulf, where, it seems, the writers are at least momentarily familiar with the original poem. Once again, after watching this Sci Fi presentation, I’m disappointed. <br /> <br /> I don’t suggest that authors understand and analyze the poem in Old English, but I would like them to at least try to read the translation in modern English and try to build a story based on what is actually happening. The story is quite exciting; Why add plot elements that do not exist and destroy history? What is wrong with being true to the text? <br /> <br /> Grendel is immune to weapons of any kind; Why introduce a super-crossbow that is incredible and could not possibly exist during this time period (as the previous reviewer correctly pointed out)? The fight with Grendel was Beowulf vs. Grendel. That's all. No one else took part in the battle. The only way Beowulf could defeat him was to choose the monster without a weapon — an error made by all previous challengers. However, in this version the Danes and the Gita fight the beast, and Beowulf with the sword cuts Grendel's hand! Again, why could they not portray what actually happened? Personally, I think the one-on-one fight will be more exciting. <br /> <br /> In general, this is a pitiful and terrible image that does not correspond to a true story. Why make a pact with Hrothgar and Grendel's mother, who includes the sacrifice? Why create additional characters, such as Finn, who add nothing to the story? There was no love story in the poem. They could not even set the scene in the appropriate places (forest instead of the swamp and the den under the lake). Do they overlook the metaphor of the Grendel lair? he must be underground to represent hell. Why not focus on the symbolism inherent in the epic poem? Even my high school students last year were able to achieve incredible success when they created a short film based on Beowulf, as they focused on the themes and symbolism underlying the story. If Hollywood could create a film that focuses on these elements and is true to the plot, then it would be a really great film.
