Where to begin? Anachronism? High-tech cross bow with a span of about 500 years? Arrows with explosive charges in 500AD? Monster Grendel, like a robocop and, obviously, never interacting with any weapon launched or thrown against him? Is the heart torn out of the victim's chest without any feeling of contact? Perhaps a blonde who would fit in a recent fashion show with her makeup and striped hair? Ancient Danish court presented in the classical Greek style? Is the queen played by Marina Syrtis more spoiled by her makeup artist than by madness? The effects are too weak to carry this story. There are some stories that don’t mind or even benefit from cheap effects, but this Grendel is not one of them. <br /> <br /> How about characters who seem to jump in their relationship without motivation? The bravadian idiot prince, whose home has been attacked by the monster Grendel more than once, seems to have less respect for the danger he faces than Beowulf, who was sent from afar from the land of the Giths to help desperate Danes. In this, he is more like an old western cowboy than any myth. <br /> <br /> Beowulf is an ancient tale of the era, almost without a literary tradition, and most of her moods and drama are unclear. I suspect that any modern narrative that does not make a reasonable attempt to penetrate obscurity should fail. I didn’t like the recent “Beowulf and Grendel”, who views Grendel essentially as a person and considers Hrothgar and his Danes too arrogant and stupid to recognize Grendel’s attacks as a justified revenge, but I had to respect his revisionist position that Hrothgar’s Danes It was a group macho gangsters who, even after everything was over, did not understand what this nightmare had brought upon themselves, and therefore the original story of Beowulf, as it was written, was a distortion of the real story. I think there is a more complex meaning to understand than this, but this terrible secret of Grendel that Grendel’s attacks are connected to a previous human victim does not really bring us closer to the shame experienced by Hrothgar and the Danes. <br /> <br /> This Beowulf can recommend little as a traditional myth or as a modern fantasy. I give him 4 points: higher than he deserves, but I always hope that weak efforts will attract the attention of someone who is willing to tell the story intelligently. At the same time, science fiction films seem to follow the policy of NASA, according to which it is better to create a lot of trial failures than a few successful ones.
