"La Sanguisuga Conduce la Danza" or "The Bloodthirster heads the dance", because I think this is the usual English name, established in "Ireland" in "1902", where the mysterious Count Richard Marnac (Giacomo Rossi-Stewart) invites soon actresses of theatrical mastery Evelyn (Patricia Webley as Patricia De Rossi) and three more of her close friends who will soon be out of work, actresses Cora (Krista Nell), Penny (Lydia Alizzie) and Rosalind (Marzia Damon as Katerina Chiani) in her The castle is located on a small island near the coast. At first, Evelyn is reluctant, but is convinced when this coordinated arm of the Samuel stage (Leo Valeriano) also moves forward. Once there, Count Marnak tells his guests that his father and grandfather cut off their heads to their deceiving wives with the help of a ceremonial knife, and there is a feeling of anxiety when it turns out that Evelyn looks exactly like the wife of the current earl, who did not run away too much. long time ago ... Along with the need to worry about strange servants, it turns out that someone wants to use a knife to chop off several heads ... <br /> <br /> This Italian production was written and sent by Alfredo Rizzo & complete, complete and complete shit from start to finish. First of all, let's start the criticism with the title “The Bloodthirsty Leads the Dance”, let's consider this title, because when I feel deceived, there are no vampires or any form of bloodsuckers, no one “leads” anything at any time and there surely is no dancing or dancing, so don't expect any of this. Although you should expect a tedious, boring, boring and senseless little “giallo” that takes more than an hour before someone is killed, and some mystery of murder begins to take shape, because the first hour of “La Sanguisuga Conduce la Danza” is like the plot is less And uninteresting, like something there. The best way to imagine this is to think about the most boring soft core of a porn movie you have ever seen, and then cut out most of the soft core of porn from and that only leaves a bad actor, bad dubbing, bad dialogue, a little soft sex and lesbianism and absolutely nothing else. Yes, it really is that bad. Mysterious elements are crap, people do illogical things for no apparent reason, and too complicated the end of a “twist” is just as bad as everything else, “The Sixth Sense” (1999), it's not like that! <br /> <br /> Director Rozzi does a good job, and La Sanguisga Conduce la Danza actually has a nice look, despite the obvious low budget, I mean, there are scenes where it shows a “storm”, raging outside the castle, however the frames used are in black and white! Thus, the film goes from bright color to black and white when it goes to the storm and again to color! There is one completely funny scene in which the maid and her friend discuss her breasts, and she allows her friend to feel them, which are then full of compliments, this scene is so funny and just unnatural, that the best moment of films is invaluable and easily, even if the bad porn will be confused dialogue! Nude is minimal and sex and lesbian scenes are very tame. Forget about blood or gore since there is nothing but a headless head. <br /> <br /> Technically, the films are pretty good, the staging of the period and the design of the production is actually quite impressive, though not large-scale, but also large-scale. work quite effectively. The film has a good sense of color, and the cinema is fine. The film is dubbed, so it is difficult to judge the initial actions, but the actors voice terribly, and the dialogue is even worse than usual. <br /> <br /> La Sanguisuga Conduce la Danza is a terrible film, it makes no sense, it has almost no history for more than an hour, it is perhaps the most misleading headline in the entire history, and it is really boring and boring with a tangled blunt “turn” of the ending. As for the horror fans of Euro, there are a lot of films that are much better than this, so please don’t waste your time, as for everyone else this is definitely one to be avoided. General information: the notorious (and banned in the UK) film about Nazi exploitation / horror "The terrible experiments of the last days of the SS" (1977). Hell's Camp "SS" and "The Beast in the Heat" was directed by Luigi Butzella, and he plays a rather significant role as a police detective in La Sanguisuga Conduce la Danza.
