This “smart” movie was originally a Japanese movie. And even though I guess the original film was pretty bad, it got worse when American-International Films hacked the film into pieces and inserted the segments made in America to deceive the audience. Now, if your audience does not consist of complete idiots, it becomes painfully obvious that this was done - and done with a little grace or care for the final product. The bottom line is that you have a lot of clearly Japanese scenes, and then obviously American scenes, where the film looks very different. In addition, the American scenes are really meaningless and consist of two different groups of people who are simply discussing Gamer - the evil flying turtle! And although it is a fire-breathing, flying and destructive monster, there is almost no energy, because I believe that the actors were simply embarrassed by the fact that they starred in this pitiful film - in particular, veterans of the film Brian Donlevi and Albert Decker. They both looked tired and uncomfortable due to being there. <br /> <br /> Now, as for the monster, this is not quite a standard creature, similar to Godzilla. Seeing how a giant fanged tortoise clears its head and limbs and starts spinning in the air like a rocket - it's fun. On the other hand, crappy aircraft models, destructible balsa buildings and power plants, as usual, in this film, and this is not surprising. Plus, a strange Japanese cliché with monster movies has been added, which is clearly annoying to most non-Japanese viewers, and this is "a charming and premature little boy who loves the monster and believes in him." Yes, right. Well, just like in GODZILLA VERSUS SMOG MONSTER and a few other films, you have this annoying crying that encourages the monster, although unlike the later incarnations of Godzilla, Gamera is NOT a good guy, and it turns out that the child is an idiot! Stupid, unusually bad special effects that could be better for an average seven-year-old child, a bad game, meaningless American clips and sometimes a terrible voice dubbing make this pathetic film. Strangely enough, although most probably hate this film (and this stupid child), there is a small and very vocal minority that loves these films and compares them with Bergman and Kurosawa. Do not believe them - this is a terrible movie! <br /> <br /> For your information - obviously, due to his stunning stage presence, Gamer was shown in several other films in the 60s, as well as in some recent incarnations. None of this changes the central fact that he is a fire-breathing flying turtle or that films really, really limp.
