Now we travel to a parallel universe, where the emergence of giant prehistoric monsters smoothing cities is part of everyday life. This is the world of Godzilla, Rodan, Motra Hydra and their kind - a strange world, and it became even more strange because of the appearance of an unidentified flying turtle named Gamer. <br /> <br /> Forever in the shadow of the Toho Studios monolithic, the second stage of Daiei Studios was more famous for its samurai sagas than monsters. In the mid-60s, they decided to join the giant reptile race and developed a series of competing monsters for the gigantic successful game of Godzilla in Toho. They wisely chose Hamer as their flagship - a giant turtle that shoots flames from beneath the teeth and spins through the air, shooting flames into the leg holes of its shell (and at some point you almost see the papier-mâché shell light up !) <br /> <br /> The first Gamera film, Gamera The Invincible (since it was sold in the USA), is a virtual mirror of Godzilla’s first film, just 10 years ago. American fighters pursue a nameless plane over the Arctic before its fiery death - a nuclear bomb on board ignites and awakens the giant Gamer from icy sleep. Feeding on atomic energy, she immediately becomes enraged, and the world wants to destroy Hameru once and for all, but a little Japanese boy named Kenny, who has a psychic connection with a giant turtle and even keeps a miniature version in an aquarium near his bed, believes that Gamer Essentially kind and benevolent. He's like a little Jewish kid with a pin-up of Hitler. “Gamer is a GOOD turtle,” he pleads, then sulks and puts on his face, as if someone had exhausted his coconut flakes. Miraculously, world leaders listen to him, and therefore the Z-Plan begins to save the world And to Hamer from complete annihilation. <br /> <br /> Released in 1965, Gamera was an amazing hit. Annoying children's anthropomorphism actually worked for a children's audience in both Japan and the United States, and the view of Gamera on the two-meter stomping miniatures of Tokyo and the North Pole is gloriously sentimental. The most surprising of all is the longevity of the series: eight original Gamera films, as well as many recent remakes. Not bad for a mutant reptile, whose only friend mews an eight-year-old milk pie - and if I hear that “Gamer is friends with ALL children” again, I'm going to crush Tokyo. This seems like an easy task in a parallel universe where children are smart and turtles are more than the Seiko billboard in Gamera, held in 1965 at the tortoise festival.
