With the growing popularity of the now iconic Godzilla series, as in the case of any popular cinematic event, there will inevitably be a crowd of imitators trying to cash in on the success of the big lizard. With Godzilla, the dawn of the growing popularity of the kaiju (giant monsters) genre has come. Many succeeded; some got it. One of the few that not only earned, but also gained popularity, was Gamera, a giant tortoise that could breathe in and out fire and fly, spewing flames from its shell as a means of jet propulsion. But unlike Godzilla, Gamera was sold as a friend to all children, later fighting other monsters to save the children in danger, and thus Gamera became very popular among the children. Unfortunately, this is the only mainstream audience to which the original Gamera series will have anything to do. While the new Gamera films shot by Shusuke Kaneko are amazing revolutionary monster films, the original series, including the original, is nothing special. <br /> <br /> Gamera’s first film, titled “The Giant Monster of Gamer” in Japan, was clearly Godzilla willing to be. Although the film was shot in the era of color films, it was shot in black and white. Why? Godzilla's first film of the 1950s. Gamera also attacks Tokyo because Godzilla attacked Tokyo in the first film. actors (it's a coincidence that the same thing happened with the first Godzilla film?) Now I can not say, adds it or removes from the film. But "Hammer the Invincible" is really nothing more than a bulky bore that just lags like the big turtle itself. <br /> <br /> "Hammer Invincible "- a very routine film. Characters from a set of science fiction standards, the story is meaningless, the monster has no real reason for attacking civilization, the action is funny, and so on and so forth. The only thing that sets him apart from the Godzilla series is the end of the film, but it is also a detractor, since the plan that ultimately stops Hammer’s fury is completely false and ridiculous. Now the rest of the film and many other recordings in this genre also fit this description, but this is a terribly boring monster movie. <br /> <br /> And although Shusuke Kaneko later turned Gamer into an interesting monster with his trilogy in the 1990s in the original Gamera series was not attractive to the screen. He was neither fearful nor sympathetic. He just lags around like a baby, swaying with every step, and knocks over miniature sets. As usual, everyone wants to destroy Hameru, except for a small child (Yoshio Uchida, who is not lazily allowed to take titles, although he plays a “central” role), who considers Gimera a good turtle. <br /> <br /> Most of the films in the genre, of which Gammer the Invincible is a part, are an easy target for criticism, and this film is subject to additional pressure. Even in the company of many other Godzilla imitators, this Gamera film is not particularly good. As for my experience in cinema, the rest of the films in the series are either as boring or worse. Like Godzilla, Gamera will be shot in color and fight monsters. And, like Godzilla, it will get cheaper and cheaper with each movie until it is time to revive the show and make it serious again. <br /> <br /> This is peculiar. I usually recommend people stick to originals and submit remakes. But in the case of Gamera, my verdict is just the opposite. I highly recommend people to watch the 1990s Gamera trilogy, filmed by Shusuke Kaneko, and skip the original series if it’s not interested. New films are ingenious, well made, exciting and, most importantly, fun. The original series is a long stream of boredom.
