I did my best. I really did. I thought that maybe if I gave Joao Pedro Rodriguez another chance, I could enjoy his film. I know that after watching O FANTASMA I felt bad and almost disgusted, but some of the reviews were pretty good and favorable, so I said, “What the hell. At least you didn't pay $ 10 per quad. Make an injection. "<br /> <br /> Sometimes it is better to go to your dentist and ask for the root canal without any previous anesthesia to alleviate the horror of such pain. I often wonder if it would be better for me to go back to childhood and demand that my ex hooligans really allowed me to get it. In other cases, I often think that the world is really flat and that if I swim far enough, I will not only move away from it all, but also fall, and that some evil, loving love thing will catch me with my 9000 tentacles and squeeze out life - and a few potatoes Fry since 1995, still lingering in my esophagus - out of me. <br /> <br /> Is there a reason for Wearing? I would say absolutely not ... just maybe her Creator thought that writing a story focused on her madness (the one that makes Alex Forrest look like Strawberry Shortcake) looks not only creepy but insanely sick to the bone. First of all, she decides to part with her current boyfriend (with screaming hysterics) because she wants baby, and he thinks they are too young. Later, she fails at a gay funeral, and — to get it — to get close to him, she pretends to be pregnant, at the same time drawing herself into the life of her dead mother and lover in the most dangerous ways. Oh, of course, she squeals like a banshee, and throws not one, but three times on his grave. And there is this ridiculous thing that it gradually becomes “Pedro”, which sums up some explanation of weak tea, that love does not know gender. Or something similar. <br /> <br /> I would say that it is as nutty as a can of cashew, without salt. But again, like the director. And I for taking the risk. At least men look good. Other than that ... not much to see here.
