The last station, melodrama directed by Michael Hoffman about the last months of Leo Tolstoy’s life, begins with fog and sleep. Tolstoy (Christopher Plummer) lives with his family in a residence in Yasnaya Polyana, walks and writes, and his wife and supporters of his “movement” see people who are committed to his ideas of pacifism, vegetarianism, sexual abstinence and intercourse property that gathered in the forest camp nearby . His wife Sophia (Helen Mirren) openly wages a war with the head of her movement Chertkov (Paul Giamatti), whom she demands in her attempts to convince Tolstoy to sign the rights to his works to the Russian people, trying to steal the wealth that is due to her after the inevitable death of her husbands. Watching all this, Tolstoy’s new steward, Bulgakov (James McAvoy), a naive supporter, is torn between loving a man and caring for his wife. <br /> <br /> Hoffman’s script, based on Jay Parini’s novel, quite often deviates from confusing territory, creating a complex confusion of threads and opaque motifs that ultimately do not resolve themselves in any satisfactory manner. The scale of the film is great, and its history should be reflected in the same way as Tolstoy, whose convictions in some way foreshadowed both the Bolsheviks and pacifists like Gandhi. Unfortunately, this is not the case; it defies definition, accumulating with a multitude of pleasures that constantly turn into nothing. For example, trilateral relations between the Church, the faithful Sophia and the unbeliever Tolstoy are often mentioned. In the last section of the film, even a dumb priest in a gorgeous hat even appears, but the script never expands, except that it embarrassingly inserts it into the story as an attempt to enrich it or provide some semblance of historical accuracy. The film has a ton of details, but most of them are not given enough attention, and as a result the film seems cluttered, overloaded, energetic, but unfortunately meaningless. <br /> <br /> It is based on the love story between Sofia and Tolstoy, and this story, equally upset and cramped, is the reason to watch the movie. It is no wonder that Mirren and Plummer are the best things in the film. Tolstoy Plummer is vague, immediately confused and determined, scared and full of joy and confidence. Sophia Mirrena, in complete panic, in righteous thoughts, is forced to watch and expect the dumb one, as her husband gives his time, his property and his money to people who, no doubt, are committed to him, but also clearly own their own plans. These are great performances, especially considering the huge gap between the real meaning of the couple’s place in the story and the script’s ability to support it, and Sophia and Tolstoy only seem to be ready for the film by Mirren and Plummer, and both can do best of that meager material . Giammati and McAvoy, both talented actors, cannot do the same, and Chertkov Giamatti does not seem to be either a revolutionary or a thief (and not both at the same time), but rather a cipher, a replacement for the whole package of unresolved alarms and Interrupted historical impulses. The scale of this thing never comes down to anything, it clings forward, overcoming the strength of Plummer and Mirren and nothing more. It is interesting and beautiful, but ultimately not profitable. 4.5 / 10
