This incredibly overvalued anime series (26 episodes of 25 minutes each) tells of a 14-year-old boy (and two of his classmates) who pilots a giant robot to protect Japan from invading creatures called Angels. Angels are given very few explanations or why their number has increased recently, and it seems that they just appear out of nowhere for no apparent reason (why not attack everything at once, and not at spaced intervals that are convenient for the people you are trying to destroy?). The battle scenes of robots try to use many obstacles, but the action itself is poorly executed and boring to watch. Almost every episode seems like a waste of space where nothing interesting happens. <br /> <br /> Some may be intrigued by fans who mention (very few) symbolic links here, but this is all that they are - small one-liners to religious or philosophical concepts that are accidentally thrown away with zero skill. In general, the series is incredibly tedious because of the superficiality of the characters, who in fact are nothing more than pitiful shouts. Psychology is pathetic, with hopelessly oversimplified conflicts, such as “I hate my father,” repeating again and again, again and again without any progress exceeding their nominal value. There is nothing an understatement in the fact that these characters immerse this series from a senseless waste of time on garbage that causes anger during the final episodes, with their endless diatribes suffering from too repeated psychos, (some of which are completely meaningless). <br /> <br /> I’m not joking when I say that this series has gotten worse and worse as it develops. Every day I looked at a DVD that was sitting on a table in my living room and said to myself: “Damn, I have to watch the next episode at some point. (Sighs) I might as well climb another one tonight. ” The real kicker was that the episodes lasted only 25 minutes, and yet they somehow could turn into a completely uninteresting holiday in the first 10 minutes. This comes from a guy who is happy to watch 150-minute films with a glacial rhythm, so my criticism of this series is really the worst. <br /> <br /> Never in my whole life have I despised when I watched the series as much as Evangelion. I already bought it, based on all the fanatical comments on IMDb, and I, of course, did not intend to allow him to collect dust after I spent my hard earned money. This was followed by 10 hours of pure, unremitting torture. My love / hate relationship with anime turns into a hate / love relationship after this well-known disaster. <br /> <br /> “Evangelion” represents everything that should not be in the anime - a huge number of boring, pretentious charges under the guise of intellectual cinema. Universal acceptance of this shit is just incredible; and the ridiculous assertions of fans that this series as “one of the greatest achievements of mankind” may be the stupidest comment I’ve ever heard of IMDb, and I’ve seen a few crazy things.
