I sometimes see some of this show, because my wife sometimes watches them. I try to enjoy it because it’s a basic idea that helps a family in need, but several factors get in the way. Each episode follows the same format, where many parts seem to be completely written (what they are), and tears flow, it would seem, at the signal. Attempting to manipulate the viewer with a mixture of emotional breakdowns and sad music is a real twist for me. The fact that anyone who donates something to the house, whether it is Sears or someone else, must be prepared to be generous is also annoying. Probably the biggest problem I face is that huge amounts of money and a small army of workers are joining together to create an amazing single-family home. Now I know that this amount of money is just a drop in the ocean for Disney / ABC, but how much more can be done for more people with the amount they invest in one house? Instead of focusing on one family and making them all cry during an episode, why not help 10 families and show the main points? Isn't life difficult enough for an ordinary person? Why do I need help finding things to be sad about, why not show something really inspiring, without manipulating? I know that what is being done for these families is good, but they are also used for assessments. You cannot tell me that they are sometimes not trained to cry. I think when I see these people moving to a home that most hardworking people in the US cannot afford for their children, this really bothers me. I can not help thinking about what can really be done with a small portion of Disney money. Instead of giving each family member a flat-screen TV and / or personal shower that tells you the temperature of the water and shoots from the ceiling, why not help more people afford food, clothing, education, and medical insurance? I know that we can have fun and cry well. In terms of money, I feel the same way about Oprah. I don't think anyone can figure out how much money she has. Yes, her recent reality show did good things, but when she gave $ 30,000 to each loser "participant," I sit here and think ... this is the salary for many, many people ... if they are lucky. Don't get me into game shows. So, I understand that Extreme Makeover Home Edition "does good," but forgive me if I consider it to be more self-serving than self-giving. Is there anyone who feels like?
