This film is not about football at all. It's about Jesus / GOD !! This is the same kind of juicy sanctimonious nonsense that you get from those supreme idiots who are fighting for Jesus or pumping iron for Jesus. Yes, Jesus was completely pumped up, loved contact sports and definitely had a full set of dumb bells DUHHH! This film was supposed to be titled “Walking to Jesus,” or something like that, just to let the general public understand that the real purpose of this film is to convert people to Christianity and to indulge those whose brains are completely washed in the blood of a lamb. The fact that the name comes from the Bible becomes clear when the head coach reads his Bible and asks Jesus for help. The recent sports film, The Invincible, was 100 times more inspiring than this, and Jesus was not even a factor. It was just the desire and determination of the person who had a dream. <br /> <br /> Any wide appeal as an inspirational sports movie is eventually lost among all the crying biblical cries and sanctimonious religious propaganda. It seems that the only message is the only way to succeed and achieve positive results if you accept Jesus as your personal savior. But this is simply not true, and therefore lies are perpetuated by those who believe that this is true, and wants everyone to believe it. The image of the winner, thanking Jesus for the victory, immediately comes to mind. What does he do when he loses? Does he curse Jesus? Of course not! When he loses, Jesus is not responsible. Jesus is only responsible when he conquers. And the logic rotates again and again and again, and it ends exactly where the true believer needs it, every time !! I had to pause when the scene turned on with the coach taking the new truck so that I could stop rolling on the floor, laughing at my ass, and catch my breath. Materialism is not what Jesus taught. I find it strange that most of the so-called "Christians" seem to either forget or ignore this message from their "savior", especially when I see Jesus in the backseat of a huge SUV that misses me as if I was standing still. . <br /> <br /> Another message mentioned in this film is that Jesus seems to care more about the record loss of victories for a mediocre school football team than about the millions of starving children in the world. The last scene, where an unprotected and insecure kicker loads a 51-yard field goal, and it is unwound as an incredibly incredible miracle, puts the final gag me with a religious red flag spoon on this turkey. I gave him only three stars, because the guy who played the black coach could really act.
