Christians scolded and despised me for expressing my disappointment with this film. I am haunted by such statements: “I can’t believe that you didn’t like it! It was made entirely by Christians! ”“ Everyone donated their time, and no one paid for the film! He was made a church, not a Hollywood. We have to spend our money on such films! They used only $ 100,000 to make the film. ” “This is a real church and Christian school in Georgia! The preacher wrote and sent it. " So, apparently, the reason why I should love this film is simply how it was made, and the minimum amount of money used to create it, and this was done by Christians. This is all I need to love the movie. <br /> <br /> Listen, I got a movie without knowing anything about the history of the movie. I have never heard of this and had no idea - other than football - what it is about. I watched it like any other film, and was disappointed. I was disappointed with lousy editing and a bad script. I was VERY disappointed in the resolution after the climax. Don't worry. There were other cheap films and other films made EXPENSIVE that earned me less respect. This is not about making a movie. This is the final product. <br /> <br /> The author acknowledges that God does not say “yes” to everything we pray for, the way we want, but he wanted to show that, having faith, God changes our lives, This is true. However, God can change our lives, and we are still barren. God can change our lives, and we don’t get a boost from our work. God can change our lives, and our car is still an old fool. God can change our lives, and our house still stinks. Why he did not portray it in the film? Others expressed their concern to the writer / director about this, but apparently he defended himself. <br /> <br /> I did not think that acting was terrible, like many of the landscape shots. I like the idea of ​​going to God and recognizing His amazing strength and our weakness. <br /> <br /> The writing and the direction were very weak. This is easy to distinguish, because many characters have no development. All that we really get from the trainer's wife is that she is not pregnant (well, until the end of the film). It seems that there was only a ball player who had the potential to have an interesting character and who was cut into pieces: “I have a cripple father, and I cannot play football well, but I even beat a duel for the victory” although I had never before set realistic goals. ” Another problem was the Christian school itself. Hmm, I worked in two Christian schools, I went to one, and I had many nieces and nephews in other Christian schools. In general, I had quite close ties with ten different ones. None of the problems I have seen in ALL of these schools has been resolved. I saw it as completely surreal in a film about their school and wanted them to show the human factor. It would be nice to see the dose of reality and how God can work. <br /> <br /> In conclusion, I will say that each work - written or painted or played on an instrument - shares the artist's worldview. The worldview that was shown to me in this film consists of "People who pray correctly, win ball games, buy new cars, get pregnant when they can't, get promoted and repair their house - all for a short time." span. " I know. I have to love the movie simply because of the sincerity of the people who made it. I think I should love the film because it was well done and for no other reason.
