I watched this film in a youth group where my intuitive youth leader and his wife pierced it. Then an adult couple at a church Christmas party misled themselves by handing out this film to each visiting family, and now my family is stuck with the film (although, fortunately, it still remains in the shrink film). I cried bitter tears because of these sad events, and this is why: first: this film has good intentions, especially if you are a Christian like me. This film is trying to show that you have to believe in God and that it will make your life better. Not so bad, right? Eh. It turns out that the problem is big. This film was shot by the church, therefore, of course, every question should be solved as much as possible with taste for Christians. It's all black and white, with no gray areas. God's grace and will in this film are predictable, and they instantly come to all who follow His instructions. <br /> <br /> This is not the God I know. This is not the Christian life with which I am familiar. The God I believe in is powerful and trustworthy God, but He is not the one who fulfills all my desires. I follow Him as best I can, although it is often difficult; However, the football team in this film finds its humility and self-control much easier than anyone who ever finds it. I cannot relate to cardboard cuts that turn from the bad side to the good side during several of the film’s structured scenes. And when I REALLY follow His commandments set forth in the Bible, I definitely do not feel clothed with a blessing, as these characters do. The biggest of my immediate rewards is knowing that I did the right thing; everything else comes with a long, dirty, hard work. <br /> <br /> But take the example of this film: Grant Taylor coaches the football team at Shiloh Christian School, which has 6 losing seasons in a row. He may lose his job because of this, and he and his wife have little money as they are. They want a child, but the doctor tells him that he is barren. Oh, and his car is not working. And the boys in his football team are disrespectful of their parents, whining after millions of losses and bad at the goal. This is for sure one worn out community here. <br /> <br /> But wait, Grant Taylor decides that he will trust God in everything! And he gives his faith to his team. So far, so good. Not for long. When they begin to obey, the blessing literally flows into them. Suddenly, students stop not respecting their parents; school has a big “rebirth”; the team starts to win EVERY game; they even win a grand championship against the most difficult team in the league! Coach Taylor's work is calmed down; the school presents him with a brilliant new truck as a gift (by the way, this is the embodiment of small employers in good weather); he gets a promotion; his wife (get it) even got pregnant from her sterile sperm! And this skinny guy manages to hit his first damn goal at the moment when it really matters !! Wowzers, woot, yay, praise the Lord, and so on and so forth !!! ... <br /> <br /> Yipe. Just YIPE. No one in my church has ever experienced Christ in such a cruel way. Yes, there were many miracles in my family, as well as gifts and conveniences, and I attribute them to God's grace and loving kindness. But God is not some kind of tap that you turn on and off, being good or bad! He is by and large a mystery; His gifts come unexpectedly, often when you think that you do not need them, but you really need them. This is a long and hard road to fulfillment, and NEVER everything works out the way you thought. <br /> <br /> This film has good intentions. But because of its highest superficiality and total escape, it significantly increases to 1/10. Bad acting and sports movie clichés seem just acne next to the false lies that this movie inadvertently pushes. <br /> <br /> To all future churches who plan to film: don’t be afraid to show REAL life, even you have to add some uncomfortable truths to the mix. Despite the fact that this cotton candy affects the basic population, no one has learned anything substantial from this. Give us meat, bones, THESE things! True life applies to everyone, not just to Christians, and this is one aspect that “Resist the Giants” could not be understood.
