It occurs to me that some films that were banned during cinema history were in fact very important and very good films. I would argue that instead of banning complex, contradictory films, censors should consider banning films that are so bad that they pose a threat to your IQ and your sanity. If they did this, one of the first films that would be quickly hidden would surely be Stroker Ace. This movie is terrible with a capital letter. This is the worst movie in which Bert Reynolds has ever been filmed .... a real feat for a man with "Cannonball Run II", "Cop And A Half" and "Rent-A-Cop" in his resume! <br /> <br /> Thin history introduces us to the successful racer of production cars Stroker Ace (Reynolds), a man who loves fast cars and fast women. He is stuck in a derogatory contract with dishonest promoter Clyde Torkle (Ned Beatty). The contract requires him to do some humiliating advertising work for a new fast-food chain, such as dressing up like a giant chicken. Lugs (Jim Nabors), Ace's stupid buddy and Pembroke Feeney (Loni Anderson), a naughty kid with a brain a little smaller than the peas that Ace is caring for are included in the mix. <br /> <br /> Hal Needham, the director of this low-quality trash, used to be a stuntman, and he made many films based on his experience in the production of spectacular stunt and car racing / racing. Some of these films were fine, for example, "Hooper" and "Stunts Unlimited", but with "Stroker Ace" he achieves a nadir career. The characters are so stupid that you really feel sorry for the actors playing them. Especially Anderson is burdened with such a dull role that makes you grit your teeth in despair. Humor is weak and infantile in everything, and tricks and races are unremarkable. Even the results during the closing credits (which can be found in all the Reynolds-Needham collaborations) are usually not funny, which gives the impression that perhaps the film was not very funny. Stroker Ace is a stinker of considerable magnitude.
