“Scarecrow” is one of those films that with a little more play, a little more focus and much more plot logic would be quite convincing in the role of horror. In its present form, it is still a creepy movie, with solid makeup and bloody effects, and a prerequisite that keeps the mood of terror in spite of itself. And hey, there are no teenagers who are being killed one by one — just stupid adults, so this is a refreshing change of pace. And the storyline is strikingly similar to Dead Birds, with swift robbery, an abandoned creepy house in the middle of nowhere and demonic monsters. But, as in the case of Dead Birds, adults are still reckless, they run recklessly before they are killed one by one, and they ignore the obvious danger. <br /> <br /> In the Scarecrows, we never discover the supernatural why, and this maintains an eerie atmosphere. Like clowns, stuffed animals can be very creepy; if they don't look like Ray Bolger, of course. Fleeing a hijacked plane with a pilot and his daughter, after a robbery bringing millions, the paramilitary group crosses one of their own twice; a very nervous guy named burt. He jumps out of a plane with a large and heavy box in which money is kept, obviously having no plans for how to move it when it is on the ground. Being the most stupid of all, he is killed first. But no sooner than he stumbles upon Fowler's residence, comfortably nestled among a multitude of really creepy-looking bogeys, surrounded by a wooden fence, surrounded by barbed wire, and a multitude of warnings to keep them away. And the strange weather vane on the roof with a pitchfork and pterodactyl should also have been a warning sign. The interior of the house also portends very badly (for us in the audience, anyway). <br /> <br /> We are annoyed to hear Bert’s thoughts in his voice-over when he walks and mysteriously confronts the key to a dilapidated truck in the yard. It is enough that the key jumped out, so that my pants - with me in them - flew out the door. Maybe it's just me, but I really like to watch people's lips move on the screen, even when they just think out loud. It helps to enhance the action and gives the actor more to do than just watch voice-over say. Bert picks up the box on the truck and runs off. Sure why not? In decrepit trucks is always a lot of gasoline, especially with today's prices and battery? no problems. I mentioned that Bert was the most stupid of all, and this is why (in addition to the above, of course). Wearing night-vision goggles to get through the foliage and find a house, he takes them off to drive a truck away, and instead turns on headlights to see where he is going. Of course, the scammers still on the plane notice the headlights of his truck and know where he is going. Brilliant. He deserves to die. Definitely. I'm not sure why he needed night vision goggles in the first place, as each scene is brightly lit, from the inside of the plane to the night scenery and at home. The filmmaker was either. myopia, b. fresh from school or c. dealing with really cheap film rentals. <br /> <br /> Bert meets his death when the truck dies off the beaten path. Go figure it out. One very pleasant touch, and I have to admit that there are several such facts in the film that when it opens the lid of the truck, there is no engine. Creepy to be sure (and insert your pants comment here again). The logic of the story fails when dead, now stuffed, like flounder with money and straw — Bert returns to the house. The rest of the group there, roughly slurps it, then realizes that he is really dead, and he is gutted and stuffed like a flounder with money and straw. Dead Burt, however, can make a real fight, and grabs one guy by the mouth, pushing him through the window, forcing him to bite off more than he can chew in a horrible scene. At this point, you might think that they would jump out of the house and return to the plane, but they decided to stay and look for the remaining money. In fact, the whole episode with Bert is considered rather strange to be dead, although one bright light bulb in conjunction proves: "Burt went dead, for the sake of vagrants!" go for the bait. Soon another one of them, Jack, is sent, and again the scene is well made and terrible, including a blunt handsaw and the absence of anesthesia. Now there are three scarecrows carrying chaos, and one of them, literally, needs a hand. <br /> <br /> When one of the crooks sees a scarecrow and Jack starts to get frightened, he starts screaming, running away like the hell, and shoots his gun in a typical military style. So much for all this training under pressure. He meets others and stops to explain why he screams, runs away like hell, and shoots a pistol, even though the dummy follows him. Again, this script logic ... Dead and gutted, Jack returns to the house and goes after the screamer with the usual results. By the way, if you listen to Jack's demonic growl, you may notice, depending on your age, that this is the same roaring monster that often sounds on Lost In Space TV shows. <br /> <br /> The last two survivors run away from home and return to the plane, barely fleeing. But they? You will need to watch a movie to find out.
