Funny fluff, which exacerbates the error, trying to find meaning. Joan, this time as a congressman, Agatha Reed, is the chairman of the committee that is involved in “investigating the high cost of food.” Congressman Reed says: “A housewife has a neck pain for too long. I will continue to fight long enough for the American family to take a vacation once a year, watch a movie every week, and sometimes feed them peanuts. elephant. "She has everything to do, but she becomes sentimental when she is awarded an honorary degree at Good Hope College, where she was expelled for the crime she spent at night (the parallel with real life Joan is obvious here, as in the whole Joan. Degree causes a lot of fright on campus (“That would make him the broadest in the history of education!”) ​​?? but Joan doesn't know about it when she arrives. College President Jim Merrill, played by Robert Young, is the most beautiful former teacher Joan ?? and l bovnik It was with him that he spent this night all those years ago, but Joan felt it was better to just disappear than try to explain to the skeptical college that they were going to get married.Naturally, this loud event will be covered by Life * magazine. Another of the old lovers Joan ?? with this, she spoke in China "during the war," and he thinks that Joan may be faced with problems because of her old flame. Eva Arden, who plays assistant Joan "Woody", in her movie the smartest, smartest, and most fun ?? with her frivolous and unnecessary comments that would force you to dismiss her from work if you don’t like her so much. But you not only love Eve in this, as in all her roles, you adore her. She is so stupid and without excesses that you only want to pay her for sticking up and being one of the boys. When Joan cries on arrival at her alma mater, Eve tells her that it "looks cruel." But Joan says that perhaps others see only a collection of buildings, does she, Joan, see young people ?? at the age of 18 she herself “thirsts for, waits,” she is a little scared, asks: “What is life? Who am I?". But, of course, if we really delve into the issue of Joan at 18, the truth may be slightly different. <br /> <br /> For me, this is the main problem when watching any movie about Joan. You can call her heroes as you wish, but this is always Joan, all the time. So, since what we always see is that Joan herself, it's easy to do without the names of the characters. It just confuses when Joan tries to tell us something obviously implausible, for example, her description of herself at 18 years old ?? when we find out that at 18, Joan had already walked around the block several times. Many men would call her passionate, and, as she expected, she already had several abortions. But this is a personal problem, and I digress, but I just wanted to explain why I say things like “and then Joan does” this or that, or “we see Joan as ...” when we literally do not watch home movies . <br /> <br /> Is there an unintentionally fun moment when Joan is given a Clara Bow doll that she left behind in college ?? Fast arithmetic tells us that Joan and Clara were contemporaries, and this is a transparent trick to make us believe that Joan is much younger than she actually looks like. It fails. What also fails is an attempt at political correctness in the early 50s. In this story, Joan wrote a book on freedom of speech and made a film (no, not a plumber), and she’s attracted the attention of Dr. Pitt, a radical student of the 50s campus, who will soon be fired by his views, which are strikingly similar to those of Joan. It is here that the film mysteriously becomes a story about morality - of course, weak, but perhaps the only thing that keeps it from oblivion.
