This film was so bad that I do not know, laugh or cry. I had high hopes for Horrorfest that year, which was also the first year when I visited Horrorfest, and I must say that Horrorfest and all his films take false advertising to a whole new level. Mad thanks to advertisers, because I am sure that they deceived many people to spend money and watch these films this year. Hamilton was perhaps the worst that I saw (the others I saw were Riots, Dark Riding, and Reincarnation). The cover of the film and the trailer made him look like a family of cannibals, terrorizing the neighborhood, which, I thought, was a rather interesting plot, but I was disappointed at the end to find that it was some kind of “adult” story about the boy’s transition to a vampire. That is why drama prevails over any sense of horror in this film. And in order to make the plot even more ridiculous, they add to the row of horny twins, who cannot wait to bite off each other, and some kind of deadly creature locked in the basement, which if I had found it to be "If the secret were not It was revealed at the very end of the film, I would have left the theater halfway to the film. <br /> <br /> A complete waste of money and time. Cut forty minutes from this film and turn it into an episode on some show such as Smallville or Charmed or Supernatural, and he would get more praise than this one. Absolute trash! So bad that two years later I had to go back to IMDb and write a review of it, because it still stands out in my memory as one of the worst films I've ever seen. Also, while you're reading this, stay away from the rest of the horror films in the future. The maximum that you can do is rent them in blockbusters or look somewhere online. In the movie “Horror” are films from independent directors who can not go on the big screen, and all this nonsense about the fact that “they don’t show in cinemas”, they did not mean blood, courage or horror ... they meant movies themselves. Because they are terrible. Think of “Horror” as a less well-known version of the Sundance Film Festival, but about horror movies. <br /> <br /> Sorry for all the "hate", but next time think twice before deceiving customers of their money.
