Hamilton tells the story of the four brothers and sisters of Hamilton, the teenager Francis (Corey Knauf), the twins Wendell (Joseph McKelir) and Darlene (MacKenzie Firgens) and the elder David (Samuel), who is currently a surrogate parent. Francis is not sure why he is unhappy with the way things are. The fact that his brother and sister kidnap, imprison and kill people in the basement also does not help to relax or calm Francis's nerves. Francis knows that something is wrong, and when he eventually finds out that the truth will never be the same ... <br /> <br /> Co-authorship, co-production and director Mitchell Alteri and Phil Flores like " The Butchers Brothers ”(whose only merit in the director’s film is a remake of April Fool (2008), is enough said), it was one of“ Films to die for ”in 2006 after Dark Horrorfest (or whatever it is called) and continuing in pretty much everything else I saw, I thought Hamilton was complete and complete shit. I found that the character is really poor, very unpleasant, and the slow moving story could not hit my imagination or keep my interest for 85 and a half minutes too long 86 minutes. There is a terrible turn at the end that made me laugh out loud, this is a really big steady build up to what's inside the closet in Hamilton's basement, and in the end it turned out to be a little boy with a teddy. Does it really have to scare us? Does this really have to shock us? Is this really something that should make us talk about it when the credits end? Is a harmless-looking young boy the best "turning" end that creators could come up with? The boring plot unfolds, it was never clear where the Hamiltons get all their money for buying new houses, since none of them seem to be working (except for David at the slaughterhouse, and I doubt that he pays a lot) or why not caught up to this point. The script tries to blend drama with powerful horror every day, and it just terribly combines them to such an extent that none of the aspects is memorable or effective. A very bad movie, about which I try hard to say something good. <br /> <br /> Despite the fact that the script was written and filmed by the director, sounding in the extremely sounding book “The Butchers Brothers,” there is no blood, there are a few splashes of blood and a few scenes of girls chained in a basement, but you are nothing could not do at home alone with a bottle of tomato ketchup and a video camera. The film is not terrible, and since it has a very suburban setting of the middle class, there is no atmosphere or mood there. There is a lesbian and offers incestual kiss, but Hamiltons is at a low level of exploitation, and there is not so much for the horror crowd. <br /> <br /> Filmed in Petalum in California, this modern low-budget look about it is not badly done but rather forgotten. There is nothing special about the role of the unknown (for me) cast, and I cannot say that I have ever felt anything towards anyone. <br /> <br /> Hamilton commits a cardinal sin of being boring and boring from which he never recovers. Add to this an ultrathin story, no blood, a trash ending and character that you don't judge anywhere, and you have a film that didn’t impress me at all.
