Think of this pilot as the "Hawaii Five-O Lite". It happens in Hawaii, it’s an action / adventure crime drama, boats and palm trees are depicted on many scenes, as well as polyester fabrics and flashy shirts ... even the main role is played by the Zulu actor. Oh, there are some minor differences - Roy Tinnes should be some kind of advanced undercover agent, and the auxiliary staff is much smaller (and less interesting), but basically the atmosphere is still the same. The problem is that Hawaii Five-O (another QM product) already existed and worked for years. He quite adequately satisfied the market demand for crime dramas in Hawaii. Code name: Diamond Head may have been thought of as Hier to H50, as the earlier series was ultimately depleted ... but it looks like a redundant copy of the second level. It does not suck, but it is completely derivative and does nothing as well as the original. <br /> <br /> Here is some decent acting talent. Tinnes is an old professional, and he gives this role his best chance, and he's not bad. But Tinnes is as good as his material and its director. Ian McShane is here as an evil master spy called "The Tree," and McShane is usually the most interesting actor in any scene in which he appears. But he is calling here. Francis Ngyuen looks quite exotic, but her striking slimness, opaque features, thick accent and wood trim are not what they dream of. Relying on the fact that she put "romantic interest" for Tinnes, was perhaps the biggest mistake of the series. At least for a series aimed at a white audience, brought up with Marcia Brady and Peggy Lee as our mistresses. Give her another 30 pounds and a year with the dialogue / voice trainer, and she could cut it. Zulu, well, in general, his usual self-satisfaction in bits, but he is not the person who can carry the feature himself. <br /> <br /> In addition, the plot and the dialogue is strictly on numbers, without distinguishing them from any other products of Quinn Martin. And by this point, the American television audience saw a lot of interesting QM ... I think that CN: DH was too much, and it sank without a trace. It was not a real mistake of the actors, and I hope that they left this with a decent salary and another entry on their C.V.s. <br /> <br /> MST3000 reinstated it for treatment in the sixth season, and they had a lot of fun at it. It’s worth looking in this version if you like the MST approach to films about jazz films and lamps, but I can't imagine anyone taking care of this pilot for any other reason.
