As already mentioned, this film is similar to “The Fly” (both versions) and the less well-known science fiction series “CHANGED STATES”. The big difference is that these two films were well made by people who knew what they were doing and were good at it. METAMORPHOSIS did not have these advantages. METAMORPHOSIS is a potentially interesting science fantasy story in which the wrong people are responsible for it, and the actors are not the roles. <br /> <br /> The story follows the scientist Dr. Peter Houseman (Gene Lebrok), an obsessive person working on the genetic treatment of aging and death. When the university where he works threatens to cut funding, he decides to incorporate an anti-aging serum. As a result, Dr. Houseman conducts the rest of the film, slowly turning into a lizard. And oh, yes, watching a good doctor go through the process of becoming this lizard is a great joy. It really is so bad that it is good. Some of the lines are classic: "What was that?" "Nightmare ... from the past!" <br /> <br /> Many of the reviews I read for this article show how stupid and ridiculous the last five minutes of this film are. I'm just going to go ahead and spoil it: a good doctor turns from a half-shuffled man, half a lizard into what looks like a man in Godzilla's rejected costume when the police finally shoot him. In the last scene, a disgusting child meets a little lizard, which he claims will never die, and the heroine of the film Sally Donnelly (Ekaterina Baranova) apparently decides that this little lizard is the latest incarnation of Dr. Houseman. Then the camera shows us a close-up of the lizard's face; it is, I suppose, the director's way of showing us that the lizard is EVIL. Yes, it's stupid, but I fell out of laughter, so I can not complain. <br /> <br /> I watched this movie because it was part of the Chilling Classics 50 mega-pack I bought. I am sure that many of those who read this did the same, since 50 pieces are the only way to watch this movie on DVD. If you recently bought a boxed set and have not watched this movie yet, it is really worth your time, even if I just messed up the final for you. It is also possible to find this movie online for free.
