“Metamorphosis” has little cult value simply because they were written and sent by George Eastman. This Italian guy is more or less the personification of male meanness and was filmed in almost all the rancid works of Joe D'Amato in the late 70s - early 80s. Wouldn’t it be interesting that the avid buyers of the Euro-Outfit owned the only film shot by a guy who always walked with his bare bottom in “Erotic Nights of the Living Dead”? I thought so! Now, unlike the films in which he starred, Eastman's own “Metamorphosis” is disappointing in the blood and mud sections. The exhibition features several dirty killings, lousy monsters and naked female bodies (visiting Queen Slug Laura Gemser!), But mostly it's a talkative film. The handsome and eloquent Dr. Houseman is on the verge of a scientific breakthrough with his studies of human DNA codes when suddenly the university where he works threatens to cancel his funds. He developed a theory that deciphers the genes and blocks the human aging process, but if he does not submit detailed reports in the near future, his research will be stopped. So, Dr. Houseman does what any smart scientist would do and injects untested serum into his own veins. Needless to say (and as the name implies), it slowly turns into a murderous monster that actually ages much faster! In other words, his research sucks! Like the other reviewers already mentioned, this film “borrows” a lot of ideas from David Kronenberg’s “The Fly” ?? The novel's dramatic plot is included - but adds no originality from its own. The big difference is that you constantly feel connected to Jeff Goldblum's character in The Fly, while Dr. Houseman becomes just another monster that needs to be destroyed as quickly as possible. The aspect of the rapid aging syndrome also reminded me of the sadly underestimated hyallo Rajero Deodato "Ghost of Death", only the main character in this film inherited the disease and did not cause it. However, the physical wear of the media is very similar in both films. A bit of panic or excitement to discover here, instead, the film shows a lot of bad actions, poor lighting, lousy editing and a completely slow climax for download. Feel free to skip this.
