If you have a bad day or a bad week. If you are looking for a movie that will make you laugh and forget about your troubles. I don't think Role Models is a movie for you. <br /> <br /> The film is about Danny (Paul Rudd) and Wheeler (Seann William Scott). Two promoters of juices who go to schools advertising a product are told by children to avoid drugs and more juice. But Danny has the worst week, and he crashes his company car, and Wheeler is sitting next to him. Soon, his ex-girlfriend Beth (Elizabeth Banks), who is a lawyer, manages to avoid jail time in prison, doing public work for hours, working as a volunteer at the big brother called “Strong Wings” under the guidance of Gale (Jane Lynch). Wheeler is appointed by Ronnie (Bobb'e J Thompson), who is 10 years old, and has a disgusting mouth, as if he is Chris Rock. Danny is assigned to Ogi (McLawins, Christopher Mintz-Plass), who loves to dress like a knight and fight like he did in medieval times. But will it be good for Danny and Wheeler, or will they be better off in prison? <br /> <br /> Well, I will not fight around the bush, this film was very unpleasant in many ways. Namely, the character Ronnie, hearing these bad words coming from a young child, was very shocking. If he were a little older, it would not have affected mater'd so much. I mean what his parents thought about when they signed him up for it. The character of Elizabeth Banks is so imperceptible, maybe I should have felt bad because of her character, but I didn’t feel anything because she was annoyingly predictably portrayed as a woman who would be played in this type of comedy. And Jane Lynch, which is the worst of the worst. It shows the most incredible results in history. Playing a former addict who behaves as if she is still using drugs. Listening to how she uttered all this annoying dialogue, I wanted to turn my head on the wall. Seann William Scott again plays another character similar to Stifler, he should really try to separate himself, and this film will not do that. And the more Scott tries his best to be funny, this is what keeps him from being funny. <br /> <br /> Now Paul Rudd, I'm going to separate myself from the others in the film, because he manages to achieve a solid performance, although he doesn’t rise above laughter, but he is the most interesting character of all the others. Because Rudd does not overplay and does not try so hard. The scenes with him and Mintz-Plasse are watchable. But the rest of the film is so stupid that sometimes rises. But it becomes so predictable and uninteresting. We remind you that in these comedies they do not try anything new, they still do not risk. Role models are an example of this.
