(Only minor spoilers, except the one noted). <br /> <br /> Recently, I really enjoyed Spanish cinema; and real Spanish cinema of people like Almodovar and Latin American cinema of such directors as Del Toro, whose gorgeous “Devil's backbone”, filmed in the Spanish Civil War, was the best horror film of the last decade. It is therefore not surprising that this film is well-made, well-played, and he manages to maintain this completely different Spanish atmosphere. But the film is just as bad and meaningless as one would hope not to watch. <br /> <br /> What is the purpose of all this? We have no idea what made the eerie main character take on his murderous fun, despite the fact that a large amount of voice-over was borrowed directly from his own narcissistic magazine. In the usual unpleasant introductory episode, established more than ten years ago, we see how the central character kills his girlfriend in a fury of jealousy and extravagance ("if I can not have you, no one can ??"). Oddly enough, this is probably one of the best sequences in the film, but it has no significant relation to its subsequent killer fun, which looks completely different in both motivation and performance. What happened to him in prison to bring about this change? We have no idea, although later we find out how absurd the appearance of an afterthought that he received a law degree in prison. <br /> <br /> In Britain, in a few of our notorious “serial killers” or “sex” suicidal "cases, a terrible question arises: how about a wife? Did she know or suspect what was happening? This is a question that could ask this film, and indeed the wife is beginning to become one of the most intriguing characters. But trite, the answer to the question is pretty straightforward: “No, she did not.” Even when a dramatic opportunity like this is presented on the plate, the film still manages her confuse. Everything that we actually get is sloppy drawn at the end is her slightly immoral willingness to earn on the proceeds after the event.Compare this with the terrible revelation at Ten Rillington Place, where Christie's wife says: “Do you understand what I mean?” thus capturing her own destiny and allowing us to look stunned on the unimaginable gaps of repressed knowledge and horror. <br /> <br /> (The main spoiler in this paragraph.) At the same time, we must assume that the killer himself is a criminal inspirer who comprehensively overtakes the police, thereby ensuring the shortest possible time Belts detention in a psychiatric hospital before his release so that he could kill again. How exactly did he achieve this? The plot becomes extremely sketchy at this stage; something related to deliberately providing the police with certain evidence; but how it all works, or why, or how the subsequent court case actually happens, remains a mystery. <br /> <br /> I really do not believe that serial killers are like that. The silence of the lambs can be a comic, but ?? Lecter aside ?? this makes his serial killers correct. They are deeply concerned, deeply dysfunctional, deeply inadequate people; not a terribly charming mastermind presented here (closely related to the same implausible suave killer from the movie “Last Horror”, or even to “The Man Biting the Dog”, although it does not seem to have been noticed that it was a satire). <br /> <br /> There is little expectation in this film, and he doesn’t know what intrigue the plot could have generated. Nothing useful can be said about the motives of serial killers, both as a whole and in the specific cultural environment of Spain. This is nothing but a poorly prepared excuse to show some kind of misogynist violence against women. And oddly enough, what makes this violence even more repulsive is a kind of reckless nerve, even in the way it is presented. The soft basic nature of what is actually shown simply makes it even more repulsive. Only one explicit frame, correctly timed, would have been infinitely more shocking and would have done everything else completely unnecessary, freeing up more time for the film to fill the gaping holes in the plot and characterization. Instead, we just get endless shots of young women, splayed loosely on the table in their pretty, but slightly naked underwear. Very, very creepy. Sorry for being rude; I love horror movies, and I can tolerate even the most extreme, even disturb my partner. But I think that anyone who thinks this film is good or interesting, even if I refuse it. The goal of a horror movie is to scare you; it's just lustful. <br /> <br /> This leaves a very unpleasant taste in the mouth. I have to give this film more than one star just because it was correctly executed, but morally it does not deserve at all and should never have been made.
