The disappearance occurs in the Mojave Desert when Jim (Harry Hamlin) and Patty Henley (Susan Day), as well as their two children Katie (Basia A'Hern) and Matt (Jeremy Lelliott), along with Ethan (Jamie Croft), a friend of the family, are traveling together, they stop at a roadside diner and ask about an old abandoned mining town on a map called Weaver. No one claims to have heard about it, but he definitely is, and the family decides to go around to check it out and take some pictures. Once in the city, they take a few pictures and look around, but when it comes time to leave, their car does not start, and they have to spend the night there. Looking around, they find a video camera from the video camera on which they play, only to see footage of a frightened woman who says that all her friends have disappeared the next morning and their car disappeared, because everything has become very ominous. What is Weaver's secret? Will Henley ever live there? <br /> <br /> Written, directed and directed by Walter Clenhard. I have to say that Disappearing is one of the most disappointing films I've ever watched. For the first 85 minutes, it was a rather mysterious mix of a thriller and a horror movie, but then we ended up at one of the worst ends in cinema history. The script offers a lot of different things, but never reveals and confirms, and I sat there, genuinely intrigued by what was happening, from the mysterious disappearance of a family car, four recent graves, things in abandoned mines, a supernatural sandstorm, the sudden and inexplicable disappearance of Ethan , and its equally inexplicable appearance, ominous motives of a sheriff, a crazy compass in a car, a crashed plane, existing citizens denying Weaver, and possible side effects of dropping a neutron bo mby near Weaver in the 40s. but they were all thrown out of the window, and, as we know, these could be completely different random events. Everything went well and was set up for a great pivotal revelation, but nothing was prepared, and instead I was treated to the most ambiguous, strange, surrealistic and frankly disappointing possible results. If nothing else means that the final contradicts many of what it was before, it leaves the viewer more questions than answers. It’s almost as if the creators had these great ideas, but then they didn’t know what to do with them, and just did everything on the spot. I just felt that I had put so much effort into watching the film, which sometimes can be quite slow without any reward, and in fact the final was more like a blow to the teeth or a good greeting with two fingers! <br /> <br /> Director Clenhard does a reasonable job here, the old ghost town has a certain atmosphere, and the large, vast desert places give a good sense of isolation. This is well done, but what do they think with this ending? Nothing fits, nothing makes sense, and it's just a huge unpleasant mess that, after sitting for almost an hour and a half, leaves you confused and want to learn more. Despite the fact that this is a horror film, there is no blood and blood in it, although here and there there is one or two horrible moments. The film actually resembles a remake of the film “The Hills Have Eyes” (2006) for large pieces, as the film is set up in front of a strange ending that does nothing to close the film. <br /> <br /> Technically, the film is good with high performance, good special effects, shooting, locations and cinematography. Filmed in America, but filmed in South Australia. The scene from acting is good. <br /> <br /> “The Disappearance” is a really strange film; for a long time it turned into a neat little horror thriller, but never explains what is happening, and is really surreal. the ending just throws up more questions than answers. I really can't see anyone doing a head or a tail of it, I really can't.
