This production has never moved from a dead center for me. The plot is so truncated that it is impossible to divide it, and the production is so short that if you did not read the novel or did not see the best adaptation (for example, in 1995 with Amanda Ruth), you are a little lost, because the time for character development. <br /> <br /> I liked Sally Hawkins like Ann, but the rest of the actors lacked who they were supposed to be. Mrs Croft was too old, as was Anna Elizabeth's older sister. Mary uttered everything with such throbbing accents that her general irritability and selfishness were lost. Much better was Mary Sophie Thompson, whose egoism and sense of ill-treatment are so well established that by the time Wentworth suggests Ann to stay with Louise and Mary's wounded objects, that she, like Louisa's sister-in-law, should stay instead, you can I can imagine someone less suitable for this. In this version, it could remain, since it is not sufficiently differentiated from anyone else in production. <br /> <br /> It’s nice to look at Rupert Penry-Jones, but he did a lot better than St. John Rivers (1995 Jane Eyre), probably because this character required less than the implied depth of feelings. I agree with the comments made earlier about the concert scene: it seemed to me that he was trying to get rid of Anna rather than do her a favor. Similarly, the scene of the accident: it happens so quickly and with such a small context, you wonder what all the fuss is about. And the transfer of speech, which Wentworth overhears in the novel, to the beginning of this production, is a critical error, which only contributes to the fragmentation of the script. <br /> <br /> Another issue with this version is the lighting. Sometimes it looked like a scene from the CSI morgue - very very blue. In other cases, the lighting was so bad that it was difficult to see the scene very well, for example, when Ann visits her high school friend, Mrs. Smith (which, by the way, is supposedly more or less paralyzed). for Anna on the street telling her about Mr. Elliott’s horrible nature was such a violation that I couldn’t think for a minute who she was - I thought she was one of the girls from Musgrove. All girls were largely interchangeable). And the scene of running at the end ... in an era when decency was at its best, it’s hard to imagine how gentle Ann tears up the whole Bat, like some crazy man. How stupid can you get? This is very bad. Sally Hawkins had all the ideas of a good Ann Elliot, but she was completely overwhelmed by a poorly organized scenario and overly truncated production.
