I didn't really want to watch this. It seemed like it was an old film called Raj Kanwara, which disgusted me even before I started watching it, because I don’t find it even close to being a mediocre director. The only reason I chose him was obviously the appearance of Shah Rukh Khan in the film. I did not even know what the film was about, because I was sure that it would be an ordinary fairy tale. So I just imagined a love story between Shah Rukh Khan and Divya Bharti with the essential supporting role of Rishi Kapoor, who, I thought, would play her father or uncle. And to my complete shock, Rishi Kapoor is really a hero! He is the one who excites young Divya! I was saddened to learn that Shah Rukh had a small part of no substance, and that too, only in the second part of this idiotic film. <br /> <br /> Let me repeat the question: why did 17-year-old old cute divas fall in love with over 40 long-haired, plump, swollen piglets like Rishi Kapoor? Rishi Kapoor should be ashamed of this role; the only thing he did was make fun of himself. He became friends with a girl who, logically, might be younger than his own daughter and, even worse, behaves like a teenager in his forties. On top of that, just to make himself more pitiful, he plays a pop star ... <br /> <br /> To clarify the situation, I have no problems with actors who are engaged in romantic relationships with women much younger their own. As long as they make up a compelling pair, there should be no problems. In fact, the main actors were always shot together with young girls (Amitabh Bachchan-Sridevi, Mithun Chakraborty-Madhuri Dixit, Shah Rukh Khan-Deepika, Salman Khan-Sneha Ullal) and combine very well. In addition, I have nothing against Rishi Kapoor, I think he is a good actor, and his acting in Bobby is still well imprinted in my heart, but the point is not that he looks in this film as, say, Shah Rukh Khan, Salman Khan or Amir Khan looked today. <br /> <br /> It was such a disappointment. Yes, and for the reason that everyone really watched this film, Shah Rukh Khan made his debut well. He succeeded in the very small part that his part allowed him to do. The late Divya Bharti also debuted. If you want to watch this movie, go only to the second half. Personally, I would not do that.
