I am not one of those people who come out of the film based on the source materials and automatically say: “The book was better.” I know better than to show the value of the film just because it was not a true adaptation. There is a long process and many decisions that go into making a film that are sometimes beyond the control of the director / editor / cinematographer / producer and, of course, beyond the control of the original author. Therefore, it is impractical to expect the film to be exactly the same, word for word, like a book, game or video game, or Disneyland, or whatever! The film must be judged by its own standards and by how it fits into society. In addition, a successful film should be made, because the material is related to the society to which it belongs, and, if it is based on the source material, its relevance should be reviewed and strengthened by the creators of the film. <br /> <br /> Films like “There will be blood” follow this paradigm because, although it was based on a novel written at the turn of the century, “Oil!”, it seems relevant because of such things as war Iraq and the energy problems that the film’s country of origin, the United States, has been and is experiencing. Even King Kong, based on the original film, benefits from the use of new technologies and animal rights concerns that people have. <br /> <br /> With that said, I just don’t understand why they even bother to make this film? In addition to the magnificent performances, guaranteed nods of Oscar, the fee of the director and screenwriter Shanley and the fee he will receive, this film seems to have come from nowhere. It should have just stayed like a game. In the film (which is essentially the same as in the play) nothing new is said about the reprehensible sexual atrocities committed and in many cases covered by the Catholic Church here and abroad. There is nothing new or different from the original play in it. I cannot fail to compare this film with another film that was released at about the same time: Frost / Nixon, which was also based on the play. Frost / Nixon, although about Nixon's regrets, seems appropriate, because it seems the time has come when President Bush was about to leave his post. The regrets that Nixon had, as depicted in the play / film, about the war and his presidency, could just as easily reflect on Bush and his presidency. In this regard, Frost / Nixon seemed more relevant and actually benefited from wider distribution through films, because it made people talk and reflect on the political status quo in the country at the time. On the contrary, Doubt felt that it was yesterday’s news, and seemed to offer nothing that the play did not offer. <br /> <br /> Of course, the film is “good”, the performances are outstanding, and the adaptation of the script is suitable, so what? Why he just did not stay the game? Why, besides marketing and financial reasons, turn it into a film? This gave the audience nothing new in discussing a horrible subject.
