The Oscar season has come, so this means that in all cinemas throughout the cinema there are a lot of these deep, exciting, powerful ensemble films, hoping to win the audience and get the opportunity to get the Best Picture in a big show. Among them is this film, based on a very popular and well-known play. The original playwright was actually the author and director of the film; which comes as a double-edged sword. On the one hand, who better to translate the play than the original writer? On the other hand, who better does not see the mistakes and shortcomings of the play and does not fix them than the author himself? Doubt combines excellent play, a lot of tension and tension; with a disappointing ending, an unnecessary dialogue, dubious leadership and, of course, the inability to provide substantial answers. Among these "high-profile" films, there is a growing tendency not to answer all the questions posed, and this should stop. <br /> <br /> Doubt is like a joke without a twist, a book from the last 20 pages is missing, for example, the loss of reception while watching the fourth quarter of a hotly contested football game, and, for example, the absence of 50 cents to continue arcade game and see what happens next. Doubt, like the previous "Best Film" "Not a Country for Old Men," does not really end; he does not give us significant answers and does not give us enough information to understand the ending. Yes, it was an intention, but it is not a test of humanity, it is an excuse. I do not pay money to see the unfinished work, I pay money to see the beginning, middle and end, and I pray that I will not fall asleep during the three actions. We are forced to become “screenwriters” of the film, ourselves filling in the gap regarding what happened earlier and what will happen to the characters we saw shouting at each other. <br /> <br /> This little drama about a nun (Meryl Streep), who seems very confident that a favorite priest (Philip Seymour Hoffman) commits sexual acts towards a child who goes to church; The first African American boy in the Catholic Church. The church is secretly torn apart by whether or not it commits heinous sins behind everyone’s back. The plot thickens, as some children begin to behave differently, which attracts the attention of a young teacher (Amy Adams). The story unfolds immediately after the assassination of John F. Kennedy, who shook the nation for quite a long time and questioned their faith in humanity and in each other. <br /> <br /> Strengths of doubt are manifested in the acting ensemble and In addition, the ever-enchanting tension that builds up slowly and never boils. It seems that Streep is worthy of an Oscar in each of her roles, and here she is no different, because her severity and composure lead to the fear of all students and some members of the church. Hoffman again stands out as a priest, successfully combining suspicion with a charming personality and friendly aura. In appearance, a hypocritical person is difficult to dismiss, especially when we assume that we like him, and at the same time we reflect on him; but Hoffman approaches the plate against one of the best actresses of our generation and copes amazingly. When these two are arguing, you can hear the fireworks flying without even seeing that it is running. But let's also not forget Amy Adams (enchanted) and Viola Davis (Law ad Order) for excellent work. The foundry ensemble Doubt is one of the best in 2008. <br /> <br /> However, as mentioned earlier, it is the scripts and the direction that destroy this film, especially with the reduction of the third act. Questions emerge, but they do not respond. Characters surface, but do not improve the plot. Children behave differently, but we will never know why. There are awkward corners in the camera, and there is no real reason why. John Patrick Shanley, author of the play, made one previous film in his directorial repertoire: "Joe vs. Volcano". Whether it was arrogance or stupidity, we were stuck in that we saw bloated sequences of random conversations, completely annoying chatter, which hopelessly bored (there was a two-minute discussion about coffee and how much sugar the priest needed) thanks to Mr. Shenley. /> <br /> Bottom line: the lack of a final is a stupid trend that is just as annoying as the exciting work in action movies. It doesn't matter that we have a great talented cast, or decent cinematography, or a good story we're working on, or good use of sound and music; because we have a lot of unanswered questions that are scattered throughout the film, which lasts more than 100 minutes, but does not even end! The translation from the play to the film is good and fairly accurate, because the project has the original crazy ones, but he also took the mistakes and the silly mistakes from the play into the film. In this decade, a lot of blockbusters and high-profile films appeared that could get much more points from me if they just decided to add a few more minutes of the footage and actually finished: “Sideways”, “Outlaw”, “The Country is not for the Elders” Read after reading "- here are a few examples. <br /> <br /> Newsflash: put an end to your smelly film. Please, or at least provide us with enough clues so that we can easily fill the gap (for example, the depressing pre-history of Wall-E) instead of looking into space when loans suddenly start to roll, and you have a feeling of emptiness confusion, and heartache. Have a beginning, middle and end, please! As a critic, I prefer my films to be whole rather than incomplete. Doubt seems incomplete, so it gets an incompetent assessment. <br /> <br /> Someone must break this stupid trend.
