The intergalactic criminal Kol (Ross Hagen) was sentenced to death and is awaiting execution on a spacecraft designed specifically for this purpose. But tonight there will be a jailbreak, and Kol will escape on a conveniently located rescue compartment and fly to Earth (which is obviously nearby). There, he confronts a group of “teenagers” (who look thirty) and a game warden (John Phillip Low) who help protect him from his worst nightmare ... bounty hunter and hangman (or, more precisely, “ginoid”) Alienator. <br /> <br /> On the cover, I was sure it would be a terrible movie. But, no matter how awful it turned out, it was also a lot of fun (perhaps at least partially, because I was watching it with someone who turned out to be incredibly cool). The director (Fred Olen Ray), who specializes in making more than a hundred low-quality films (primarily “Hollywood Chain Saws”), does what he does best and collects a plot that only half makes sense and gives us elementary special consequences. . Bonus: P.J. Soles appears (as "Tara"), obviously, at the lowest point of her career. <br /> <br /> Of course, there are gaps in the plot. Why is California hunchbacked bushmen (presumably, Los Angeles County, if I understood the warden correctly). What happened to the cosmic woman's tasteless blouse? Why is there a subplot about a captain trying to win her heart when this story goes nowhere? What the hell is "Quadrant 5"? How does a wire mesh create an electromagnetic field that will short out an android, but do mines practically do nothing? Why does Kol look like a drunken Native American football player with emphysema? And the guy from Lund (Robert Clark) ... does his character have a point? Does the game he plays with the captain make sense? Does this movie make sense? But the biggest mystery is the android (or ginoid) Alienator, played by Teagan Clive. What is an "alienator"? Why does he look like Daryl Hannah from Blade Runner, only much more? Because, see, if something is a cyborg, then this is part of a person. But if it's an android, it's all a machine. It was an android, so there was no reason for him to look human. It could look like anything. However, the man who designed her made her the size of a midfielder, with David Bowie's hair and a swimsuit that shows me a little too much. If you're going to make a female android, wouldn't it be a goal to make her be seductive and lure enemies? Mission not fulfilled. They say that beauty comes in different shapes and sizes, but I think I have found a huge exception. <br /> <br /> If Mystery Science Theater 3000 were still today, this film would have been on a very short list, it needs to be pursued. <br /> <br /> Apart from the indecent Alienator (sorry, Teegan, female weightlifters are rude), the film is all right. Perhaps this is not a special story, and perhaps the characters are not very interesting. Or maybe the scene with a deer is incredibly amazing without a special reason - what is the use of a deer killer robot? But overall, I really liked the movie. I will not tell my friends about it or go to the local video store to pick up the latest DVD (which I’m sure is just packed with amazing special features — no). But I believe that this film is well-held, and I look forward to similar adventures in the future.
