Created a year before ILSA, SHE-WOLF OF SS, BLACKSNAKE could easily be called SUSAN, SHE-WOLF OF PLANTATION, and this probably inspired the producers of Nazi epoplexes about sexual exploitation to continue their more shameful films, because the stories identical: gorgeous, excited, strong (but stupid) blonde woman humiliates and kills many people under her control who all hate her and want her dead. Sounds familiar? Directed by Russ Meyer and David Friedman, the producer of the film “ILSA”, are good friends, and they began their careers together. So, obviously, there is a connection. Looking at BLACKSNAKE, I can't help but think that Russ Meyer wanted to move on and do something else besides his typical busty female epics, because XXX films were in vogue in the mid-1970s, and Russ Meyer's films , although full of nudity and inflection and violence, was never even close to real porn. His films began to look positively bizarre next to Deep Throat and other hard-core porn blockbuster. Meyer knew that he could not compete with such films, and BLACKSNAKE is the end result of such difficulty in his career. He clearly wanted to branch out into another uncharted territory. But BLACKSNAKE was bombed in B.O. and Meyer quickly returned to make type fox films, which, even if they were not yet pornographic, they are definitely more over-the-top than any of his previous films. <br /> <br /> It is not surprising Blacksnake was a BO failure. That's just terrible. Trash-o-Rama. Stunningly bad. This is a quasi-camp approach to slavery, if you can imagine it. The end result shakes. One minute we are in typical Meyer territory: violent, playful and stupid, and then the next minute is a very serious meditation on slavery and violence. BUT? It just does not work. The slavery / racism aspect is regrettably addressed, and this film is becoming a real exploitation category. But BLACKSNAKE is not as sloppy as ILSA SHE WOLF OF SS and similar films, so I think the latter’s fans were disappointed by this, which explains the almost lack of interest in the film from exploitation fans or Russ Meyer fans. , Meyer blames BLACKSNAKE for failure, because, and I quote: "There wasn’t enough chest in it." Well, I'm sorry, Russ, but the film is just bad, breasts or not breasts. But he is right about the low quota for the chest. With the exception of Anushka and the maid, the cast of the film is male. Meyer replaces his usual seductive girl with numerous breasts with huge breasts in the form of anonymous black actors, playing slaves and big David (Darth Vader) Prowse. And with Anushka’s right hand, which is portrayed as a ruthless but clever gay man, enjoying the power he has over men, one can only wonder what Meyer really tried to create here. <br /> <br /> BLACKSNAKE stars David Warbeck, whom Anushka and her right hand crave. Poor david. He looks completely bewildered by all this experience. He seemed to have fun in the film, but you can clearly see that sometimes he has no idea what is going on. And there is Anushka Hempel. She is a beautiful woman ... for the 1970s, not the 1870s. With her make-up and hair, she looks like a typical shaved babe from the 1970s, and not the dominant personality of the turn of the century. And her wardrobe is hilarious. One day she unzips her leather boots! I did not know that in those days they had lightning. But the character she plays is in itself really demeaning (not a pun). She is just the cipher of the object of the lust and contempt of every man (and that woman) on the island. For example, one night, when David and Anushka put it on, her annoying slave driver enters the room, knocks unconscious of David and tries to rape her, feeling her cruelly. The next day, the slave driver still works for Anushka, and both behave as if nothing had happened. This is absolutely ridiculous. Under any circumstances, if her character were a real person, Anushka would have aimlessly injured the slave driver and kicked him on the island. Or even killed him. But the fact that the woman keeps him on her plantation after he tried to rape her stretches the grim story and the credulity of the characters to the maximum. <br /> <br /> Funny details like this, and the absolutely astounding angle of blues and aesthetics makes BLACKSNAKE a strangely unpleasant, but watchable movie. Watchable in the train wreck. I just could not help but watch the film on the subject of completely unreasonable aspects of all this (excellent cinematic sorting makes viewing easier). So, this is a film about exploitation, I think he managed to do what he had to do. But BLACKSNAKE is mainly for Russian-Meyer complements.
