At a time when the constitution and principles on which the United States was founded are trampled by an administration desperately trying to divert attention from its own internal problems, when the Geneva Convention, human rights and foreign sovereignty are unwittingly rejected, a thriller about how the state is illegal, far beyond the actions of the terrorists they oppose may seem appropriate. However, if you want to watch a movie about it, try the edict book “The SIEGE” by Ed Zwick instead, because NADA is one of the most childish “political” thrillers ever created. As in Robert Altman's PRET-A-PORTER, the director took up a topic about which he seems to be completely unaware, and captures his ignorance in almost all frames. <br /> <br /> His terrorists are a wildly unconvincing group of stereotypes - Fabio Testi is dressed as if he is auditioning for the MAD magazine Spy against a Spy. Michel Duchouche behaves like an absurd "CHILDREN IN THE HALL" sending the sociology professor from hell Mariangela Melato, a middle-class cardboard revolutionary imitator who behaves in every unconvincing story as if they wanted to be caught. Corrupt authorities feel a little better, but are still drawn with unconvincing broad strokes. <br /> <br /> You can make a smart film about dumb people (see ELECTIONS), but this is a moronic film about dumb people. made by people who think they are intellectuals who communicate with the masses. In truth, if Jim Varney, Johnny Knoxville, and Shannon Tweed had invented Testi, Douhaussoy, and Melato, the result would have been to raise the intellectual content of the film, rather than lower it. <br /> <br /> Shabrol could have simply left with his characters and events if he took them seriously, but his staging is so inept (scenes of a fight would embarrass the kindergarten class, while shooting the abduction is more out of place than the kidnapping) and his inability to get him to play, at least with some approach to recognizable human behavior, so blatant that it’s really awkward to look at (you need to mention Dyushausse here: he is very good at QUE LA BETE MUERE Chabrel, he is amazingly bad here in the play which so far over the edge, he came back again). <br /> <br /> Chabrol made some good films, but you never guess it from an amateur mess - a newcomer to his work will never want to see his other films after that, which would be a great shame. Absolute nonsense and sad waste of potentially interesting material. One star out of ten - and this is very generous.
