I watched a few episodes of this show and found some of its elements to be quite interesting, given the medical facts that can be learned. But it is completely understated and destroyed by the endless immoral relations of the characters of the show. It seems that everyone slept with almost everyone, even during working hours, which is ridiculously unrealistic. It seems that there is not a single solid, long-term marriage or relationship in the whole show - everyone is upset and wandering - this is hardly a true reflection of all Americans. In fact, a complete lack of respect for marriage or monogamy really happens. <br /> <br /> Then we are faced with endless little moral “dilemmas”, and they are usually solved in such a way that they belittle anyone who disagrees with all-knowing degenerate guidance and private practice personnel. For example, in one of the last episodes, we present an extremely rare situation with a child who was born with an uncertain sex, and Addison absolutely refuses the operation, because we must allow the child to later determine his sex. Anyone who disagrees with this is portrayed as immature and stupid. <br /> <br /> And I think that anyone against abortion will be offended by the way the show handles provocateurs. Addison remarked that no one was allowed to have an opinion on this matter, and only one black character was given dignity for speaking out against an abortion for moral reasons. By all accounts, if you are against abortion, you are a freak - this is hardly a popular opinion in the United States. Two of the main characters of the series carelessly mention that they had abortions when they were younger, and they didn’t have any regrets or regrets, despite the fact that research has shown that women may be subjected to intense depression. Moreover, a young girl comes to the clinic for an abortion, and then thanks the staff for getting out, and someone talks about it as how they help this young man, and this was something that you can exult. The script could be written Planned parenthood. <br /> <br /> In general, this is a cheap show that lacks the future, unless it decides to present more realistic relationships, and not just absolutely incredible relationships from the series and contrived medical situations throughout their lives. the whole show.
