The Choke begins as a rock band known as The Choke, preparing to perform at a nightclub called "Club 905", which is owned and operated by Guy Johnson (Andrew Parker). Soloist Dylan (Sean Cook) and guitarist Mike (Jason McKee) plan to tell other band members, London bassist (Brooke Bailey) and drummer Nancy (Tom Olson) that they are both going solo and their services will not be needed anymore. Once at the club, Dylan is preparing, but Mike does not appear, and the concert turns into a disaster. Then, when the group thinks that everything cannot be worse, they find a dead body in the basement, that all the doors are locked, so they cannot exit, and that they cannot trust anyone because the mysterious killer begins to collect them one by one .. . <br /> <br /> Producer and director Juan A. Mas The Choke is a standard-sized youth slasher who really has nothing. The screenplay of Jessica Dolan and Suzanne Louber (not too many horror movies written by women ...) contains a surprisingly good character and an elegant dialogue, but at the same time it is much better than many modern horror footage. in this respect, he is so slow and boring that even a few interesting characters cannot come close to his preservation. As expected, all the usual clichés of a teenage slasher are used, from an isolated place from which victims cannot escape, actress of pretty teens who continue to part, several murders and a really bad ending that tries to imitate something like Scream (1996) and to be awesome, but it doesn't make much sense when you think about it logically (they couldn’t do what was supposed to be), and, even worse, I guessed who the killer was quite early, and although I don’t want to brag, I was in place. Then there is the fact that the creators of The Choke felt that his audience would be entertained, showing endless (well, it seems endless when they watch it) scenes of teenagers walking along dark corridors that do nothing especially, sorry, but there are so many similar scenes that I can take before it gets tiresome. The number of murders is low, at first they all decide to stick together (a good idea), but then they all just randomly decide to split up and go different ways (a bad idea when the killer is free), the pace is sluggish, the murder scenes are not invented, and to top it off the boring ending is bad. <br /> <br /> With director Mas, everything is fine, for the most part the film looks fine, although there are strange cases when he uses some kind of annoying post editing editing technique, such as slow motion or frame skipping. Blood levels are not really up to zero, there is a bit of blood spatter, a guy with a hole in his chest, a few corpses and someone impaled on metal pillars. Most kills happen off-screen, and killing with an ax at the end is a good example of the film not showing anything. Since the film is about a rock band, there is a pretty rock-oriented soundtrack with some really awful, horrible rock songs. I'm sorry for rock fans, but for me, this shit is just noise pollution. It's not scary, there is no real atmosphere here, and the lack of blood and blood is simply unforgivable when the rest of the film is so bad. <br /> <br /> With an estimated budget of about $ 1,000,000. The choke is well made with reasonable production values, it looks cheap, of course, but not as cheap as many low-cost horror films. Filmed in a place called Spokane in Washington, apparently. Acting is one of the strongest moments in the film, because overall it's good enough, I mean, no one will win an Oscar, but it's not that bad. <br /> <br /> Choke is a routine routine of a teen Scream-style slasher who has one of the weakest curled endings in history: a criminal shortage of blood, blood, violence, naked bodies and dead bodies. I mean, if a slasher has no sex or blood, then what's the point? This is the only thing worth paying attention to the usual slasher, right?
