The Carriers are watching the exploits of two guys and two girls in a stolen Mercedes with the words "road warrior" on the hood, tracing it down the highway to the beach with surfboards tied to the top of their car. Brian (Chris Pine from Star Trek) behind the wheel, and his girlfriend Bobby (Piper Perabo from Ugly Coyote) has a shotgun, while Brian’s younger brother, Danny (Lou Taylor Pucci from Fanboy), isn't exactly just a friend - Kate (Emily VanCamp from "The Ring 2") takes the back seat. These four twenty-year-old heroes live in a nightmare. Apparently, the viral pandemic, about which co-directors and co-screenwriters Alex Pastor and David Pastor do not tell us absolutely nothing, has devastated America. Naturally, the lack of exposure knocks at least fifteen minutes, which could slow down this cynical melodrama about how people degenerate in crisis conditions and become their worst enemies. <br /> <br /> This deadly virus gives you shingles and then you bleed and die. Most run in white masks, attached to the nose and mouth with a thin elastic band. Initially, this four meets Frank's desperate father (Christopher Meloni from Runaway Bride) and his cute little daughter Jody (Kiernan Shipka from Land of the Lost), blocking the highway with his SUV. Brian wraps around Frank when he tries to get around them, but in the process, the oil pan in their Mercedes is torn and they are on their feet. Reluctantly, they drive with Frank after they seal Jody in the back of an SUV. She wears a mask over her nose and mouth, and she is stained with blood. Frank has heard that doctors treat patients in a hospital, and they are heading into it. Unfortunately, someone lied to Frank. The hospital doctor gives the last couple of children some help from Kool-Aid, which will save them from suffering. The treatment did not improve their condition. Everyone else in the city is dead. Kate unsuccessfully tries to get a signal on each phone. Frank understands that his daughter has no hope, and he allows the heroic quartet to appropriate her SUV and shoot it. <br /> <br /> Indeed, “Carriers” qualify as a relentlessly depressing film about the effects of a pandemic on four sympathetic people who degenerate into killer-killers to protect themselves. They get to the country club and frolic on the golf course, while four more do not appear in suits and masks with shotguns. Incredibly, our main characters manage to escape without receiving firearms, but Brian will be frightened when he nearly falls into the water with a floating corpse. In the end, they discover that one of them has become infected. Later, when they run out of gas, Brian blocks the highway, as Frank did in the beginning. Danny is trying to stop a couple of older Christians driving a car. Danny is lying that his pregnant wife is about to give birth, and he needs their help. Brian warns against the wind and shoots the ladies with his automatic pistol when they refuse to help them. Brian catches a bullet in the foot of the passenger, but he kills her. <br /> <br /> No, “Transporters” is not a film about beer and pizza, which you can laugh or laugh at, because there is almost no humor. By the end of this 84-minute film, our heroes turned into villains who care only about themselves and their distress. Chris Pine gives the impression of Brian's fun-loving, and his energetic performance is the only reason to hang out with this hock, while the only other famous actress, Piper Perabo, is sent to the secondary role of a girlfriend. Like Bobby, she makes the tragic mistake of showing compassion to a dying little girl and pays a terrible price. This suggests that Pine can change his character to put himself above others. In fact, Pine has the only role that gives him the opportunity to pull one eight from the lucky one to the heartless guy. <br /> <br /> Two directors are Spanish brothers, and they will never allow the flag of impulse. Since there is no relief in sight, the Carriers are immersed in predictability. “Irreversible” filmmaker Benoit Déby does a fantastic job with his widescreen lens, and, despite the fact that, oddly enough, this journey, Debi makes it look like a dynamic film. In addition to the lack of a happy ending or the closure in any sense of the word, “Carriers” suffer because it is terribly cynical. The scene where the German shepherd attacks Danny is the one that causes the most tension in the imagination, but even it could be improved. Unfortunately, the Pastor brothers are not afraid of any great tension or tension. As you disappear, you really don't care what happens to anyone.
