Around the end of the 1970s, animator Don Bluth, frustrated by his company, Disney shot down and ran out of Mouse House to create his own studio. His first production, "The Secret of the Secret," was a brilliant feature that is still preserved to this day. This was followed by “American Tail” and “Earth Before Time”, which were made with the participation of Steven Spielberg and had commercial success. Although neither of these two films had a dark attraction for NIMH for adults, they are still very charming, enjoyable features for both children and adults. But soon Don Blut had his first serious misfire with ALL THE DOGS THAT IS IN HEAVEN; The critics were particularly harsh in this film, and the fact that it opened with Disney's Disney “Little Mermaid” did not help. <br /> <br /> Given that the movie has such a friendly title, you can expect ALL DOGS TO GO TO HEAVEN to be a pleasant family meal. Instead, Blute offers a surprisingly grim story of gambling, deceit, crime, abuse and murder. This in itself is not a problem for an animated film, but it questions whether the film is intended for children. On the other hand, it is difficult to say whether adults will find much pleasure in ALL DOGS GO TO HEAVEN. In short, this is a film with a serious identity crisis. <br /> <br /> Being at the boring junkyard of New Orleans, the film begins when Charlie B. Barkin runs, the harsh German Shepherd car is courtesy of his former gambling partner, the nasty cigarette cigarette cart Carface. Before you know it, Charlie goes to heaven, albeit by default. Here the hippie angel, Annabel, tells him that "all dogs go to heaven, because, unlike people, dogs are usually loyal and kind." This line represents the intricate nature of the film, since the dogs in the film, except for the beagle, are presented as anything other than. <br /> <br /> Realizing that he was killed, Charlie sneaks back to Earth and the plots to get even with Carface. With the reluctant help of his dachshund buddy Itching, Charlie "rescues" the prize of Carface, AnneMarie, a human girl who can talk to animals (to predict who will win races). Charlie claims that he will help the little cutie to find her family, but in fact he uses her skills to win luck in the race so that he can build a more complex casino to bring down Carface. Although he refuses to admit it, Charlie begins to love AnneMarie ... <br /> <br /> The concept of the story is not as problematic as execution. In addition to the human girl AnnMari and the bright musical alligator, which appears after about three-quarters (with Ken Page vocal tubes), none of the other characters look cute and, frankly, you should not even care. Unfortunately, this also applies to Charlie; trying to make him an anti-hero, the script (composed by more than ten authors) only makes the character TOO unattractive. Thus, the audience does not feel sympathy for Charlie, and, even worse, his redemption at the end of the film does not seem convincing. (Even more destructive for the character is Bert Reynolds’s disappointingly charismatic vocal performance.) Besides the lack of an attractive role, another film problem is the structure of the story. The slow story jumps everywhere and creates the habit of adding additional scenes that serve no purpose other than to increase the time the movie is shown. The aforementioned musical alligator (who lives in a dirty sewage teeming with local rats) seems to have been thrown out of nowhere, like the scene where Charlie is trying to show his bounty of AnneMarie while feeding a pack of pastel-colored pizza. The whole script seems like a rough first project; a little more graceful, perhaps, would make this more rigid, impressive story. <br /> <br /> Complicated musical numbers by Charlie Strouse and T.J. do not help. Kuenster (the song AnneMarie and the ballad gator are the only good ones; the latter in particular benefits from the sluggish vocals of Ken Page) or uneven vocal composition. As already mentioned, the hard and lifeless Charlie Bert Reynolds even more detracts from his already incredible character (the only exception is the fiery recognition of Itching in his true intentions at the end). Dom DeLuise in the role of Itchy is pretty good, but he had the best roles, in particular, “Tiger” in “American Tail” and Jeremy in “The Secret of Nothing”. Ken Page, as already mentioned, is great in everything he does, but his character is so small that his overall contribution is unremarkable at best. Similarly, Loni Anderson (like the collie who once made the litter with Charlie), Melba Moore and Charles Nelson Reilly are wasted. Judith Barcy as AnneMarie is probably the only voice that seems truly unforgettable, in part because her character is the only legitimate one in this depressing and joyless show. <br /> <br /> In addition to Barsi, the only real positive about all DOGS THAT IS IN HEAVEN is animation. Technically, this film has some of the most creative visual effects from Blaut’s team (that is, by the standards of the 1980s), in particular, the scary scene where Charlie is having a nightmare about how he ended up in a fiery underworld ruled by a giant satanic demon cynologist. In any case, the film is more a triumph of animation than storytelling. <br /> <br /> In general, however, I cannot recommend ALL DOGS WHO ARE HEAVEN as good fun. Although I recognize that the film has its fans, and the climax does provide some energy and a touching conclusion, the overall package is not in the same league as Bluet's best efforts. Fans of animation will admire lush artistry, but by the time it is over, ALL THE DOGS THAT GOING TO THE HEAVEN may well have left an unpleasant taste in their mouths.
