I'm a big fan of movies that make you think. I still think about it for a long time, seven minutes after the credits run out. What really hinders my neurons is an attempt to understand the relevance of the story about a naked girl caressing her smooth oily body, made very tasteless thanks to shooting on a cheap video. This happens three times, and I was sure that this would be explained at the end. I trust the filmmakers that this cruel attempt to seduce the audience will be justified. It was not. <br /> <br /> The film should be the most apathetic in my genre. The sets look like something between a set of Dr. Who of the 1970s and someone else's poorly formed idea about the living room painted with a sponge. The lighting is inconceivable (if your sets are so bad, at least remove them in the semi-darkness to hide the drywall and create some atmosphere). From the stolen quartet, the girl stands out as being particularly lame, but no one is inherent in personality. Aliens' plans for world domination are just stupid - all they need is a birth control pill, and their problems are solved. Most of the film consists of people running through the corridors. Yes, it is really so fascinating. The special effect of the "ray gun" ... is curious, if not to say more (what is the point of using a weapon, for killing of which a 15-second concentrated explosion is required, and even then does the guy return yet?). The script looks like a bad episode of “Team A”, and women's hairstyles belong to the same era, so they look like school teachers, and not like an advanced team of alien invaders killers. When we finally see how the aliens actually look, they are in limbo and do not even come out of their boxes. Resolving the story - a traitor-alien simply says a few words about the invading fleet commander and without thinking, goes home - really a sign of a writer who has never had an idea more complex than the Saturday morning caricature without a plot, action or characteristics) in his or her of life. <br /> <br /> But seriously, what about the naked girl ?! Could they really justify putting flesh on the cover of a DVD to increase sales?
