Noel Coward, a witty and polite man, was friends with Louis Mountbatten. Mr. Coward, a longtime fan of all things of the navy, was assigned to write a story based on the loss of the Mountbatten ship. It is believed that a film about how the Royal Navy lost its clash at sea would be good propaganda. It would also be nice if Mr. Trus played the role of the captain of the ship. Among the many qualities needed to control a warship is the ability to speak in a very sharp voice and sing sophisticated “pinpoint” songs should not come first in the list of Admiralty Houses, or at least one could hope for it. The captain must earn and maintain respect for both the dressing room and the lower deck. , Mr. Coward could respect the gentlemen of the choir in Drury Lane, and Binky Beaumont might have been frightened by him, but his ability to tame, shape, and direct the crew of the ship in wartime should be questioned. He languishes around the bridge, patronizing other ranks and orders to bark at the officers, he needed only a silk robe and a mouthpiece to appear directly at home. Much has been made of the theme of “warship as a microcosm of British society”, and the team consists mainly of ordinary cheerful cockney, sly northerners, etc., with whom it is impossible to wage war. They spend most of their time aboard, smoking, moaning about Lord Howe Ho and exploding. Never mind, there is a lot more from where they came. Once on the beach they go straight to the pub, where they spend most of their time smoking, moaning about Lord Hou Hou and being blown up. On the contrary, Mr. Kaward lives in a dream house with a rose covered with a door somewhere very quiet with a very small chance of being blown up. He, his lady-wife, and their two rosy cherub cheeks talk in ridiculous tangled tones and said that the lady-wife spends a lot of time tying things for the poor unfortunates who make up his team and who she calls her last names. This pleasant young master, Johnny Mills, plays the outstanding role of an absolutely unbelievable type of lower deck that worships Mr. Trus almost as much as a beaten dog will worship his master. He marries his girlfriend after having kissed her on the cheek, apparently on the grounds that she may be pregnant after such free passion. So yes, we have here a microcosm of British society, but perhaps not in the way the creators of "In which we serve." In the end, Mr. Kaward gets one last chance to patronize his people when a few survivors rush past him: “Goodbye, Edwards, it was a privilege to go with you,” he says, as if repeating “Like a brown cow now.” It may have been David Lin’s debut, but Noel Coward’s hand looms right in this picture. He was a funny and intelligent man, better suited to writing plays with wasps about poor little rich girls and boys, interspersed with a random curve song. He had a talent to entertain, no doubt, but he could neither write nor speak convincingly. Being Noel the Coward, he worked full-time, he did not have time to be a real person.
