Cecil B. Demil's mortal grandmother of 1922, inadvertently concluding a sentence of imprisonment, considers the sweet Leutris Joy of the soul, but a decadent young lady, who has more money than she knows what to do. Her recklessness leads to imprisonment, which in turn leads to her rebirth. Thomas Meigan is the district attorney who made his personal crusade to bring out kindness and kindness in Lydia (Joy), but alcohol distracts him, and as soon as she is released she must save him! <Br /> <br /> If the plot doesn't sound so bad, you will be amazed by this sad presentation. The quality of direction in de Mill is very low, and he does not demonstrate any particular skill that is unique to him. The photo is standard and flat, and editing is a bit more dynamic. You can easily classify this as a fashion show and be pretty correct. DeMille puts Miss Joy on so many different types of clothing (evening dresses, golf suits, car suits, piles of fur) that his subtitle can be "Fashion of 1922" <br /> <br /> Another thing that causes more frustrating than photographing or editing or directing acting, which is mostly flat and wooden. When this is not the case, these are just ordinary silent gestures, rolling eyeballs, twitching eyebrows and deliberate pointing and hand movements. What would be lively for modern audiences, plundering and chewing on scenes from some of the worst silent films, is simply boring to watch. The only cast member who succeeds in any form of mastery is Lois Wilson, who is not only beautiful, but also capable of playing her role in a natural way. She is convincing and charming with tears in her eyes, as long as you do not read the moralizing card that follows as soon as she opens her mouth to speak. As I said, everyone else is a routine, Joy, Meygan, even Julia Fay. Her performance here is a good argument for why she never achieved true glory. <br /> <br /> The worst and funniest part of this film is the heavy moralistic tone that permeates it all. Meygan’s character has many headlines in which he reflects on how America’s youth fall in their moral stance and return to the demise of Rome. (insert absurd memories) The moralizer of this film was described as Victorian, but that’s not all. This has so little effect on reality that I have the feeling that the audience at the time did not take it more seriously than modern viewers could. <br /> <br /> This film is exactly what the unconscious tend to consider a “typical” silent film, with its archaic moral structure, wooden game and poor leadership. DeMille shows that he could have been a terrible director, without a sense of stimulation, camera placement or the ability to handle the script or actors. I can not imagine that someone in their right mind would take this seriously. Boring, slow, and idiotic, I recommend it for hardcore, speechless idiot like me.
