All day I have been watching dinosaurs, and all day they had the same fundamental problem. <br /> <br /> They do not believe in firearms. It seems they just did not tell about them or something like that. _Bounce_ bullets from dinosaurs! Maybe this is because they died out millions of years before the invention of gunpowder, and the laws of physics were different then ... Oh, no. Come on. If they are close enough to work chemically today, they must be vulnerable to fast (even subsonic) lead shells. It is so simple. <br /> <br /> Look, the most violent reptiles on the planet today, alligators and crocodiles, are completely vulnerable to the main fire of a rifle. There is nothing magical about them. You can shoot a pistol right through the heavy scales on their backs. They do not take armor piercing bullets or something special. Small bullets pierce them, they just don't kill them. Several (but not REALLY) large bullets are preferable because the task (as in most games) is to kill the animal with one shot so that it does not run. (Hunters consider it immoral to allow prey to flee and die for unmade prey.) <br /> <br /> Most animals, including predators, are easily reflected by shots. Between noise and pain, even from a non-lethal wound, most will escape. The exception is made by big bears, which are so fearless that they simply rage from fatal wounds. Cape buffalo is considered very dangerous, because they are well charged when injured. We saw videos of big bulls of cape buffaloes rescuing a calf from a whole pride of lions. A big cat will run if she can, but if she can't, she will be blamed as the last act of despair. Where T.Rex would fit into this spectrum is unknown. Their behavior was simply not observed. With these larger animals, safe hunting becomes a matter of using a sufficiently large and powerful projectile and / or using several of them quickly enough to withstand its charge. Of course, with T.Rex this can be a serious problem. I saw a T.Rex skull (it has one in a museum in the center of the city) and with a gun big enough to break it, which may be impractical. Chewing his neck with a lot less fire might be a more viable approach. Small bullets will still pierce them, they will not rebound simply because the animal is too big to be easily killed! <br /> <br /> So, here we have Cortez and his people (obviously, this is before the famous Mexican campaign) captured by the American aborigines and intended for sacrifice at the pyramid. It seems that all these human sacrifices were connected with the pacification of the bloodthirstiness of the T.Rexes couple who terrorized the continent that day. Instead of cutting out their hearts and feeding the lizards, Cortez and others. They persuade the Aztecs to allow them to hunt and kill them. Well, maybe they don't have the M-16, like the guys in the Carnosaur series, but they have flint locks, crossbows, pointed sticks (big, made of trees) and swords. Perhaps this is a little less uneven than the troops with full automatic, but they have a few guys, and I would quickly bet on them because of the dinosaur. Oh wait, there is a _cannon_, about 4 inches. This is just a ticket to destroy the tyrannosaur skull! Therefore, they laid a trap with a detachment of men, a cannon, and pointed sticks in a ravine and lured the first T.Rex into it, using a pretty brown girl as bait. Cortez notes that they will NOT have time to reload, so they will have to close the range until they are confident of their goal. T.Rex completely ignores their volley of flintfire, and we see a crossbow _and_ cannonball _bounce_ off! Forget it. The end of trust. An arbalest bolt can damage the cortes torso armor, and 4-inch cannon-poison can pierce the hull of a wooden ship! It will also __ pass through the skin, chest, or skull of any animal that has ever walked this planet. Do you think that a whale can withstand a 4-inch cannonball?) And now T.Rex, still standing, not even bleeding. Therefore, Cortez lures him into a ravine, where he falls on sharpened sticks, which (I think, by magic) penetrate him and kill him. Ahhh, pointy poles! <br /> <br /> Dinosaurs are not completely invulnerable to shooting - they manage to release the eye of the second of the pistol. This leads to the fact that it is not as bad as a bear or a buffalo, at least in films. <br /> <br /> They kill the second dinosaur with a bomb made from a pumpkin filled with gunpowder and precious stones. My money will still be on the cannon. Its designed function is to concentrate all the energy of the powder in one direction - towards the goal. A bomb is a much more common use of force. A real bomb (NOT a pumpkin bomb) has a steel casing in which there is an explosion under very high pressure. (Consider: a tube bomb against fireworks.) The burnt pile of gunpowder just burned out. (Trust me on this.)
