Tyrannosaurus Azteca was installed in the sixteenth century, when the famous Spanish explorer Hernando Cortes (Ian Ziering) landed in Mexico with six of his best people, including Lieutenant Rios (Marco Sanchez), they intend to claim the land in the name of the Spanish and, perhaps, steal a little gold too, if the opportunity arises. In a few minutes they will see the local Aztec savages for the first time, and in a few minutes after that Cortes and his people will be captured and taken prisoner. If it was not so bad, it turns out that a couple of Tyrannosaur-Rex lives there, who like to eat the locals to ruin their lives, and the Spaniards offer to help the locals get rid of the problems with monsters, but with various hidden plans. For unnoticeable motives, not only dinosaurs are watched ... <br /> <br /> Directed by Brian Trenchard-Smith (who, by coincidence, starred in one of my favorite films about the operation "Shooting in Turkey" (1982)) I fully recommend to one and all), and also more widely known as Aztec Rex, sounding like a hoax (the name was changed by the Science Fiction Channel when they broadcast it, perhaps because the original name Tyrannosaurus Azteca sounds like it may be a foreign film) is another idiotic and deshe the first science-fiction channel «Creature Feature», and that's all you need to know really. Based on and around the present Spanish conquistador Cortes during his expedition to Mexico, the film definitely does not strive for historical accuracy, although I admit that the story is trying to do something a little different here, but ultimately Aztec’s tyrannosaur is still just a “feature of the creature With a bunch of people running away from some bad computer graphics CGI monster, despite the fact that he set a period. Not too sure what else I can say, despite the fact that centuries ago ordinary clichés were installed here, the characters are plain cardboard cutouts, stupid decisions and selfish, heroic, stabbed, faceless victims that exist just to be eaten and pretty the woman is all here and easy to spot. The film is predictable, stupid, boring and in fact does not entertain on any level, although it moves at a decent pace, and there is one or two half decent blood points if you are interested. The story is not so good, and there are also a lot of holes in it, it is also that film that you completely forget about in a few days. <br /> <br /> Now I’ve seen and commented on many of the Sci-Fi Channel 'Creature Features' and usually the CGI computer effects are terrible, and although Tyrannosaurus Azteca doesn’t exactly reflect the trend, I admit that there are some effects that look good. , but then they are usually destroyed by absolutely terrible shots afterwards. There are also some decent effects of blood, a heart cut out, a guy's leg bitten off, a bit of blood splashes, a cool shot of a guy who holds his own intestines after being attacked by a dinosaur, there are several dead bodies and someone was killed spear. T-Rex can also eat a couple of people. Production values ​​are really cheap, the Aztec set looks like one of those theme park attractions made from expanded polystyrene, and these Spanish men must have been imprisoned in the worst investment in cinematic history with a fence allegedly holding them below the men's waist, they could just get out of it and run away, he was so low. <br /> <br /> With an estimated budget of about $ 900,000, I don’t see where the money went, shot in Oahu in Hawaii, apparently at the age of fifteen. days Acting is not very good from those whom I have never heard of. <br /> <br /> Aztec's Tyrannosaurus is actually no better than any other cheap science fiction channel “Feature of Creatures”, despite the almost interesting and unusual. On this basis, this basic statement should be enough for you to decide whether you like it or not (apparently, probably not).
