EPSILON, a.k.a. An alien, not what I expected. It is a low-budget Australian film with no special effects other than an accelerated film and quick scenes. An alien (who immediately starts speaking Australian with a superb accent) can “jump” from place to place or from time to time and change her perception of the flow of time to fit “faster” people. <br /> <br /> An elderly grandmother tells her two granddaughters a story 40 years ago she was told by an itinerant person when an unnamed “She” came to the planet naked and completely disoriented, unable to know which star in the sky she came from. She meets one person at a campsite in the Australian outback, apparently confusing him. She is here “by mistake” and gets angry when she is told that she is on Earth. Earthlings are known as the perfect depletors of the environment and the metaphor of the most offensive, as you can imagine, the rest of the universe: those who "breathe in dirty air" but do nothing with it, putting their heads under the sand, like an ostrich. In another funny metaphor, earthlings are “frogs.” <br /> <br /> From there, this is a completely film about dialogue, as the puzzled person tries to understand Her peculiar psychology and points of view, even when She calls him unintelligent and “freaky”. A person begins to understand, maybe these are people who are irrational and do not think directly. However, waiting for her to be "spun up" home, she sees that this person is not completely mistaken in her thinking and even falls in love with him. <br /> <br /> The prospects dialogue is interesting, but all this is layered with a tough environmental message and a low-budget feeling (there are only two main actors who wander through different desert scenes, and the evil plundered people on the planet are never visible at all). The environmental message does not offer solutions, but draws one or two terrible metaphors about what will happen to nature and man, if something is not done. The logic also does not stick together: the rest of the universe "surrendered" on Earth, but one cosmic woman who came to Earth by mistake managed to make some positive changes by the end of the film. What could have been achieved if the alien battalion intentionally sent here against pollution and waste?
