This is one of those films for which the British Lottery Fund spends its money. The main problem is an incoherent script that does not go anywhere. The characters are uninteresting, the story is plain and tasteless, only the location is of interest: the city of Genoa (Genoa in Italian). Having only a superficial acquaintance with Genoa, I had no idea about the intricate lanes of his Old Town, and that the city was so interesting. I thought that Genoa was boring. I'm glad to say that I was wrong. So in terms of travel, this film has an interest. The film contains one great performance by a little girl named Perla Heini-Jardine. She has already starred in seven films, despite the fact that she is only 12 years old, so she seems to be tuned to the career of an actress, and, judging by her role in this film, she must go far because she is natural and has great talent . Colin Firth, a reliable and professional actor, was on hand for filming, and when he was asked to show seriousness, he showed seriousness, and when asked to torture, he was tormented. But someone forgot to give him some worthwhile dialogue. The whole scenario collapses. Katherine Keener does an exceptionally good support role, and naturally sympathizes with her, so everyone would like her to be there (I would like to tell her every time I feel a cold because I know she will get me soothing hot drink). So we have: the charming narrow streets of Genoa, an interesting little girl and a sympathetic woman. Forget the rest. I suspect that the older sister, played by Villa Holland, is so disgusting that the fact that the young actress copes well with repellents is not exactly the acting tribute she would like to hear. The idea that this family is leaving for Genoa to forget about the unfortunate death of a mother is so banal that if we have another such film, all dead mothers will have the right to complain that they are being exploited. If Michael Winterbottom wanted to make a film about how interesting the old part of Genoa is, why didn’t he just go to the BBC and say he wanted to make a film about traveling with some senseless presenter of celebrities? Why spend money on a feature film that is nothing more than an empty and empty project?
