Over the years, I noticed that when a rock star makes his last album before dying, this album, if it’s not the best, is usually fruitful in some way and at least worthy of listening. An album is usually good enough to hold a legacy. However, when it comes to comedians, especially mainstream comics, which are filmed in their own vehicles, their latest movie is usually horrible to God. John Belushi had Neighbors, John Candy had East Carriage, Chris Farley had Almost Heroes, Phil Hartman had Little Soldiers, and Rodney Dangerfield had this film. <br /> <br /> “Back to midnight” “Although this may not be Dangerfield’s last film, it’s weak in every sense of the word. According to this website, he completed the survey in 2002, and it’s safe to say that he would have stayed on the shelves if Dangerfield were still alive. I have been a big fan of Dangerfield since I was a teenager, and it hurts me to see how rotten this film was. <br /> <br /> What surprises me the most is that many other talented people took part in a film with a very weak premise for a start. Dangerfield, the great comedian who used to play his comic character in the film, is a prison guard who contains a close-knit group of prisoners. When the prison owner, Colonel-Tom-Parker-meets-Sam-Walton, billionaire Eli Rockwood (Randy Quaid), reduces prison funding, the warden sends a group of prisoners to break out of the Rockwood consumer goods store of the same name, and break into prison with loot. By taking what is in stores, they (I guess) take what they think Rockwood owes them. <br /> <br /> With this fragile premise, the film often breaks down and stalls. In addition, the jokes that you think will be the salvation of this film are not even close at all, even from Mr. No respect. It is also incredibly disappointing because you expect the film with Oscar nominee (!!!) Randy Quaid, Kirstie Alley, Gilbert Gottfried, Ed Begley Jr., Airdley Smith and others to be even a little ridiculous. Instead, Quaid plays a character that we have seen before in countless other comedies, Ellie plays a British heiress with a terrible British accent (can this film not afford a real British!?!), And every joke was badly thought out and almost every participant had a bad time. of this ensemble. It was just a bad comedy in any sense of the word. <br /> <br /> "Back By Midnight" was rated mostly R per language (and one nudity scene). The irony is that many jokes are so offensive that even children (if you edit a language) will come out of this film. Physical jokes are also incredibly predictable, especially when the monkey animal Ellie is tormented by Quaid's character. When a monkey grabs a pair of scissors and jumps onto Quaid’s couch, who doesn’t know where this gag goes? <br /> <br /> Being a comedy for video, of course, I did not expect Oscar material here. The truth is that Dangerfield has already done some great timeless comedies. “Easy Money” and “Back to School” are still fun, and they were by no means worthy of an Oscar. However, there is a difference between making a silly comedy that is funny and making a silly comedy. With the latest kind of comedy, it seems that the filmmakers are not even trying, which is exactly what happens to this lame excuse of wasted 90 minutes. Rest in peace, Rodney, but add this film to your series of unforgettable comedies such as Meet the Wally Sparks (1997) and The Year of the Cross (1999). This film, I dare say, is not even worth watching.
