I'm not sure what to do with this 2007 distortion. Trying to become a new hybrid of the new millennium between On the Golden Pond and The Prince of Tides, this film ultimately turns into a chaotic mess, ruthlessly moving between comedy and melodrama, that the emotional flow always seems to be turned off. It seems that the main problem is the irreconcilable difference between the sentimental guidance of Harry Marshall and the dark, rather confusing script of Mark Andrus. The story tells about the intractable relationship between Mother Lilly and daughter Rachel, who traveled all the way from San Francisco to the small town of Hull, Idaho, where grandmother Georgia lives. The idea is for Lilly to leave Rachel for the summer under the jurisdiction of the Georgian master, replete with her harsh rules, as the young 17-year-old girl became an incorrigible hellion. <br /> <br /> The scheme is clear enough, but the characters have to quickly and often inexplicably switch between sympathetic and piercing to fit the fictional outlines of the storyline. He randomly deviates from the problems of alcoholism, child abuse and dysfunctional families, until he is firmly established in his decision. Three actresses in the center redeem some dramatic convolutions, but to varying degrees. Probably due to her reputation behind the scenes and the voice of her heavy smoker, Lindsay Lohan makes Rachel's licentiousness and manipulative tactics palpable, although she becomes less credible because her character reveals the psychological wounds that give rise to her hedonistic behavior. Felicity Huffman is forced to play Lilly on two sharp notes - like an irritable, offended daughter of a mother who has never been near her, and like an angry, alcoholic who begins to realize her responsibility in her daughter's state of mind. She does her best to play a role on both fronts, but her efforts are never reduced to a human being of flesh and blood. <br /> <br /> At the age of seventy, Jane Fonda looks great, even in spite of the weather. beaten as she is here, and has a stellar presence to get away with the animated dimensions of Georgia's flint. The problem I face in casting the Foundation is that the legendary actress deserves much more than a series of one-liners and motherly views. Between this and the spotless monster of 2005, one question arises: is her best work behind her? No wonder male actresses are completely overshadowed. Garrett Hedlund looks like an overly surfer dude, like the naive Harlan, a devout Mormon, whose sudden love for Rachel could postpone his two-year missionary service. Carey Elvis plays on Lilly's husband's familiar suspicious note, and this is a regrettable case in which predictable casting seems to broadcast the end of the film. <br /> <br /> There is also the omnipresent Dermot Mulroney in the dismal triple role of the wounded. the widower, the former flame of Lilly and the new boss Rachel as the city vet of Dr. Simon Ward. Laurie Metcalfe hardly plays the role of Simon Paula's sister, while Marshall, standing Hector Elizondo and singer Paul Williams appear in cameos. Some Andrus dialogues are simply terrible, and the hesitant seriomomic tone is never based on what seems to be right. There are a few small additions from the 2007 DVD, but not too exciting. Marshall offers a track with comments, in which a lot of concise humor. There are several deleted scenes, including three options for the final and a gag. It includes a seven-minute plot program, an original theater trailer, a short six-minute demonstration of three actresses and a five-minute tribute to Marshall.
