A zombie uprising begins with Armand Luke (Dean Jagger) trying to convince General Duval (George Cleveland) that his friend Qiang (William Crowell) is a priest who has the power to hypnotize people and turn them under his control, turning them into mindless zombies. (a bit like the people I really work with). Be that as it may, Qiang is killed by Colonel Mazovia (Roy D'Arcy), but does not receive knowledge about how people are turned into zombies. General Duval organized an expedition to hunt for a secret, since Qiang is no longer going to tell them. General Duval heads the expedition with his daughter Claire (Dorothy Stone), who is engaged to Luka, who is also coming. During the expedition, Claire throws a bow for her friend Clifford Grayson (Robert Noland), who doesn't like Luke very much. So that this can only happen in a film, Luka finds the secret of turning people into zombies to himself and begins to use his new found strength to take revenge on Claire and Clifford ... Co-author and director Victor Halperin Uprising Zombies have a bad reputation and after watching me I understand why. The script of Halperin, Howard Higgina, and Rollo Lloyd, all without accreditation, has a good central idea, but he is killed by stone to death, being boring and as exciting as observing paint drying. Nothing special happens for ages, and then nothing happens and then. How Halperin portrays his zombies is different from what most modern viewers consider zombies, these zombies are simply washed people, and viewers who play in films will have to wait more than thirty years before George A. Romero determines that zombies are now count on the night of the living dead (1968). Only about an hour of the zombie uprising still feels too long. Technically, the film is fine, given that it was made 70 years ago, black and white cinematography is adequate, although some scenes look as if they were taken in a photograph of a background location. The game is wooden and in many ways not impressive. The Zombie Rise could have been hot in 1936, but it was out of date, and in 2005 it was hard work. I believe that the film has become public domain, as it goes on a multitude of ultra cheap DVD compilations and budget labels, but you still shouldn't watch it, no matter how cheap you get it.
