Although the title includes the word "zombies", this film is not what you expect from a film made today, although in 1936 the concept was played as well as one would expect. Dean Jagger portrays Armand Luke, an officer of the First World War French Army who stumbled upon an ancient story about soldiers turned into machine guns, or "zombies" who are impenetrable in battle and can hold the key to victory in a war but who is not sure. At first, it is difficult for him to convince his superiors of this phenomenon, but in the end, French General Duval (George Cleveland) orders a nonmilitary expedition to the ancient Cambodian city of Angkor to find the secret of the zombie and destroy it. <br /> <br /> The story unfolds on the background of a love triangle with Luke, daughter of Duval Claire (Dorothy Stone) and Clifford Grayson (Robert Noland), who are part of the expedition. When Luka laments his lack of strength and determination, Grayson offers him advice with all his strength to follow what he wants in life. This advice begins to transform Luka, especially after he managed to get a stone tablet, resembling a photograph from an ancient city. After following the temple priest into the swamp, Luka now seems to be hiding the secret he was looking for, although it is unclear how he could instantly control the power of the “zombie”. All that is needed for this is to bring the right fist to his forehead, imitating the third eye, and direct his thoughts to those whom he wants to rule. This is convenient for returning his girlfriend and accepting Grayson’s early advice when he comments to his servant: “Boone, we learn to be ruthless.” <br /> <br /> Fans of the early “B” horrors learn about the use of Bela Lugosi’s signature look, taken from the 1932 film “White Zombie”, also from director Viktor Halperin. Of the two films, “White Zombies” preferably outperforms both the content of the plot and the image of the undead, where the zombies look more sinister and more menacing. In “Rebellion,” zombies are enemy soldiers with a glazed eye that simply react to the commands of their mentor. In fact, the real riot of the title occurs only when Luke relieves the soldier from his mental command in deference to his love for Claire; they overtake its composition and kill it in the process. <br /> <br /> Not too harsh a movie, it decently loses within the parameters of its history, but if you think, “zombies !! ! ”In a traditional context, you are likely to be disappointed. If you want to try the early treatment of this item, the aforementioned “White Zombie” with White Lugosi is what you need.
