Darkman 3: Die Darkman Die - directed by Bradford May, the same guy who made Darkman's first sequel. Darkman 3 is worse than Darkman 2 and nothing special in my opinion. Larry Drake is no longer the main villain played by the great Jeff Fahey, whose character again wants to get Darkman's job and create super-powerful people this time to get the leadership of the entire city. The film on the plot and execution is almost the same as that of Darkman 2, but most of all I was annoyed by the presence of many scenes from Darkman 2. These sequels were made in a short time and with little money, so such decisions had to be made. made. A few scenes are quite stylish and exciting, but still this is a rather tired film, and often it’s also annoyingly stupid. Characters scream and laugh too much, and this is very annoying. There is no philosophical depth in the film, and it looks like a remake of Darkman 2 to which it still cannot compare. In Darkman 2 there were a lot of great scenes and stylish camera work, as well as the ability of Larry Drake to play a great villain. Darkman 3 offers only a few good scenes and moments, but mostly this movie is tired and full of stamps. A few positive moments in this film are memories of memories (Westlake's nightmares) and a couple of truly amazing plot twists and turns. And it is worth mentioning also the rather unpleasant scene of the death of the main villain, who was quite comical and inventive without any casserole. Much more interesting than the death of the main villain in the second part. <br /> <br /> Darkman 3 is the worst in the entire series, and we must remember that these two sequels were made directly for the video, and they don’t even come close to the original Darkman with Raymi and Liam Neeson. Darkman 2 was a good fighter with lots of great scenes and obscurity, but this last (?) Recording is tired and often stupid and boring. As already mentioned, he has some advantages, but in general there is a feeling that this should not be done in the first place. May is a talented director, so I hope that in the future he will get some more remarkable projects. <br /> <br /> 3/10
