I think Dolph Lundgren had the potential to become a big militant star a la Schwarzenegger, Stallone and even Van Damme to a certain extent. He had some important points in his career, but he also made some bad choices, and this is definitely one of them, although he was made later in his career. The strange thing about Jill The Ripper (or Jill Rips ... or Tied Up) is that I sincerely think that they seriously thought they were doing a provocative and serious thriller? This shows how they describe it on IMDb, on the DVD box, in the comments, and this film is not serious. Calling it campy would be a huge understatement. The film tries to be complex and smart, when in fact it is nothing more than superficial, tangled and unreasonable. In addition to this, they put Lundgren, famous for the militants, in an attempt to play a serious role, which makes him even more restrained, because his range as an actor is rather limited. The whole movie revolves around a strange sex world, and yet they are trying to make it a serious thriller? Only the plot and the premise immediately turn it into a B-Movie Porn at its best. <br /> <br /> Dolph Lundgren plays the disgraced former policeman and angry alcoholic Matt Sorenson, who decides to play a detective when his brother is killed. I mean, leave aside the numerous holes in the plot, because of which Lundgren can roam freely to investigate crime scenes, witnesses and everything else, even if he is no longer a police officer, and you still have a rather strange and rather bad idea from Lundgren. Daniel Brett is the possible love interest of Lundgren and his brother's widow. Brett plays his role fairly well, given the script and the story. The supporting cast is huge, and no one stands out particularly in its actions, unless it is on the negative side, such as the absolutely terrible performance of Victor Pedtrchenko, who seems to have come under several different names in the film, has a terrible accent and is really a terrible Villain. <br /> <br /> Honestly, I tried to penetrate the mystery and the film and watch carefully, but there was no reason for this, because it was all ridiculous from the ridiculous plot and useless sex games, including a completely ridiculous scene. where Lundgren is hiding and strung almost naked. To explain how cool and well done this film is (sarcasm ... sarcasm), on the back of the DVD I took (it was really cheap), Lundgren’s character was listed as “Murray Wilson” (not his character’s name in the movie ) While Lundgren manages to be usually watchable, the film fails, trying to be serious. Given that director Anthony Hickox is notorious for shooting horrors in the B-Movie Horror, it makes sense, although I think he really tried to be serious. Fans of the Landgren cult with a hard core will have to see it ... no one else should ... for certain riddles or expectations. 3/10
