This is one of those films in which people constantly say, “This is a great idea!” About the worst ideas you have ever heard. Then they act on them. I like it. This picture is funnier than any three dozen projects of Seth Rogen. Well, just like a SHOW. <br /> <br /> Godzir films from the 1960s have been cannibalizing their own origin stories, but this one goes further. What can you say about a culture that is ready to rape their own sacred cultural icons in order to make money fast? This parody is a suicide brigade from World War II on the "last of the Marshall Islands", giving weapons to a dinosaur that drove the US marines. Then the Japanese inexplicably decide not to fight to the last man, but instead leave the territory annexed on their behalf by this giant lizard. They retreat to the mainland, where one of them becomes a business magnate. <br /> <br /> Then it gets complicated. <br /> <br /> Blonde from the future, annoyed by a still untreated male pattern baldness Go back in time in a kind of flying saucer to ask the failed writer and psychic celebrity to help them destroy Godzilla before he destroys Japan. The “help” is dubious, since all these citizens of 1992 return in 1944 to watch some kind of television, but they shot the script. You might think that by the 90s the Japanese would know better than to trust people on spaceships. Fortunately for Nippon, the white guys - you can say that they are Americans because they say “nucyaler” - made a mistake by returning one Japanese girl left in the future in time. In a touching demonstration of ancestral worship, she emphasizes their duplicity after she puts on a flying suit of tubes glued to a Sailor Moon backpack. It turns out that these wandering Caucasians with disabilities are just jealous of the impending economic imperialistic seizure of the known world by Japan (in the 22nd century Japan is going to buy Africa, which looks more like a liability than an asset). These blondes in soft chintz suits with non-functioning straps and excess zippers want to replace Godzilla with King Gidorah, who will destroy all of Japan, except Tokyo. A strange choice, but Toho, as you know, tried his best not to re-build this horizon of Tokyo. <br /> <br /> Of course, we are given an alternative spectacle of Fukuoka (“my garden city”)) and some other still-invincible rubber monsters mega-cities torn by a flying golden metal flake of 1/3 of the hydra. In an unexpected revelation, we were informed that King Hydor was created from several hand dolls left too long in the microwave. Godzilla also does his share of destruction as the film ends. Wait - did the blondes of the space ship have already destroyed Godzilla? Yes, they killed him on the third drum. But no one expected the Japanese to have a secret submarine filled with nuclear missiles in 1992 - “Haha, don't worry. We do not keep it in Japanese waters ”- with which you can launch a new Godzilla from the bones of an old dinosaur. Only they should not do this, because the leakage of the old nuclear shipwreck has already made Godzilla healthy again. Oh, and Godzilla finally gets to Tokyo, reuniting with his old army friend in a heartbreaking moment of tearful recognition. They look into each other's eyes, and Godzilla nods, as if saying: "I must do this, dude." Tycoon nods in understanding. Then Godzilla blows it up. <br /> <br /> Here, I must also mention that in order to prevent the renewed and infuriated Godzilla I from fulfilling their fate and destroying Japan, a Japanese girl from the future goes BACK to the future to ask for help — yes, the balding white man. Probably because he feels sorry for her as the only Asian character of the 23rd century, he agrees to build Mech-Hydor and send her back to the 1990s so that these two giant monsters can fulfill the fate of Godzilla and destroy Japan. Having nodded perfectly with these obviously unauthorized whips, the girl controlling the sword-hydra is having difficulty controlling the joystick. <br /> <br /> This design of Godzilla’s costume owes a lot to sumo - his hips are flabby enough to double for Rush Limbaugh, and his stomach and chest are thick and heavy. But in this picture there is more explosive stonework than in most of his adventures, which compensates a lot. There is also a man with a fleeting resemblance to Robert Patrick, who plays a killer robot. Yes, in the future even robots will have bald spots. Plus Megumi Odaka, playing the role of Micah, the only Japanese girl ever born with ears bigger than her namesake Disney, and an acting style that is even bigger than that. This is not her fault: many Japanese directors believe that the screen of seventy feet is not large enough to display the emotions of a human face. I starred for Japanese television, and I can say that they are pushing you to this. They obviously call on their writers in the same way. Thank God.
