Is there any other period of time that has been so comprehensively covered by television (or the media in general), like the 1960s? Not. Do we really need another trip through this turbulent time? Not really. But if we have to have one, should it be as small as the "60s"? <br /> <br /> I like to think that screenwriters Bill Kuturi and Robert Greenfield thought more about the two-part mini-series than what eventually happened, especially considering Couturi’s participation in the excellent HBO movie “Darling America: Letters. "House from Vietnam", which used a small original music and no original frames, allowing the views and sounds of the time to speak for themselves. This presentation crosses the footage from the dramatic production, but does not help anyone, trying to do too much in too short a time; as well as many others, it is visible from the point of view of one family. But the children of the family seem to be involved in almost all the major events of the 60s (surprisingly, one of them does not go to the Rolling Stones concert in Altamont), which makes it less like a historical drama and more like a decade version of Cliff Notes. <br /> <br /> The creators rush to go through it so much that the characters have little or no time to give the characters some character, and stick figures, which for years have called our heroes off-screen, time is the father children are especially discouraged - and then when they return to BLAMMO! this is something else Harry Trudeau could teach directors to do such things properly. In fairness, Jerry O'Connell, Jordana Brewster, Jeremy Sisto, Julia Stiles and Charles S. Dutton give their material to old college attempts, but they are in vain (especially the last two); It is certainly nice to see David Alan Greer in the rare direct role of the activist Fred Hampton, and Rosanna Arquette (in the titular role in Part 2) is always welcome. <br /> <br /> What is not welcome is how the “60s” drowns out the soundtrack to so many songs of the period that it ultimately reduces its already minimal effect (and perhaps this is the only case where American television presentation about the 60s America never mentions a British invasion - neither the Beatles nor the Rolling Stones) ... again, there are so many tunes that you can record on the soundtrack album, right?). superficial approach to time and plot with an almost inappropriate happy ending, “American dreams "and" Wonderful years "made everything much better. There is nothing to see here, you cannot see anywhere else, people ... except Julia Stiles, who makes a turn, that is.
