Making a Circle Two is intriguing. Forbidden love between the sixty-year-old artist Ashley (Richard Burton) and the fifteen-year-old girl Sarah Norton (Tatum O'Neill); and the question of whether such relations are acceptable according to the standards of society. The problem with Circle Two, however, is that it does not fulfill its promise. Directed by Jules Dassin and Headley should have thought more about the script. When I watched this movie, I expected to learn something new about love and sexuality. Instead, I got a boring dialogue, a meaningless lecture on art, a walk where Sarah seemed to get more pleasure from Ashley, and a final scene so artificial that her emotional impact was lost. This script makes good actors look bad. Thus, it is possible to imagine how the problems of the film were further aggravated mainly by the amateur cast that Jules Dassin gathered. Tatum O'Neill was not in her element. I never believed for a second that her character Sarah was in love with Ashley. Her performance seemed superficial as a contestant at a beauty contest. It was as if she forced herself to be happy when the script required her to be happy, and to be sad when the script asked her to be sad. The only scene I liked with her was at the very end, when she said nothing at all. It was probably the closest Tatura Sarah Norton, ever become a reality. But Tatum was not the only one to blame. Ashley Richard Burton lacked the charm, charisma and complexity to attract even women of his age, not to mention the fifteen. The rest of the cast was also dismal. Even their dispute was unconvincing, because they waited in turn. Who does that? Michael Wincott as the jealous ex-boyfriend Paul was probably the best in this film, but his role was small. To be fair to the actors, Dassin’s leadership let everyone down; but it's also true that a great movie goes beyond the script. Lolita Kubrick did it with James Mason and Sue Lyon; The “runaway train” of Konchalovsky went beyond the script: John Voight and Eric Roberts played convicts. The directors of these films also knew how to use music to dramatize their films and reveal something about the characters in them. Despite its own assessment (a combination of Antonio Vivaldi, Karl Off and Bernard Hoffer), the Circle of Two never succeeds. <br /> <br /> In conclusion, the idea of ​​a forbidden love story between a senior artist and a teenage girl is good, but their execution in Circle Two is terrible. In many ways, is it a shame that the controversial story of the Lolita type ?? which most directors for obvious reasons would prefer to avoid ?? did not receive more reasonable treatment; that the script that the actors rehearsed with pleasure was not written; that actors who were committed to their role or had the talent to translate their characters into reality could not be found; and that director Jules Dassin (who coped much better with films such as Riffi and Topkapi) did not have to lower his leg and say: “Before we start acting, we must rethink the love story and update the script. "The only silver lining is that one day an intellectual film can be made about a senior artist and a teenager in love. If such a film ever appears, it will surely cause controversy, controversy and questions for many years.
