This is a question you should ask yourself when you watch this movie "What was the point?" This film was only an hour and a half of confusion with completely unattractive people (not going to use the word actors), and the script you could say did not exist. <br /> <br /> One of the things that I most laughed at was this film because it said Victorian Story was written, which means that there was a script in this part of the story. The entire Victorian section had no dialogue, and consisted only of snapshots of a guy staring at a girl, and vice versa. Creating this part of the film in the form of a script, like a camera, remains at the train station. <br /> <br /> Okay, time for a story. It all starts with the fact that the guy sitting on the chair, never left it. Oh, lock, who needs you? These journalists come to his house and almost beg him to tell this story about these dead girls. Thus, he begins the story in Victorian times. and this is how the scene goes (the guy and the girl in the field. nice music starts to play) (the guy looks at the girl) (the girl looks at the guy) (the guy looks at the girl) go to the movie. This is almost everything that happens in about half the movie. <br /> <br /> The rest of the film is an incredibly awkward dialogue about a group of models who want to buy an apartment. So this real estate agent shows them alone, and when I say that the dialogue is awkward, I mean, if it was a dancer, he would have stumbled during MACARENA. None of the characters in this movie are cute. Models are incredibly annoying, Victorian people don't talk, and the guy telling the story has the character of a bow bag. So over time, all the girls are killed. and by dead I mean drug by frame. Ltd. did you show ONE death? and by death, I mean keep her face until they apply makeup? awesome. <br /> <br /> Like this guy even knows this story, puzzles me. He says it is because he saw it. but how? there was no guy in this apartment! the door was locked without an exit, the windows were attached to a fire escape that was too rotten to work, how the hell did he see all this? Oh, the plot holes. We love you. So, the film ends with a journalist saying: “I think you made it up. You waste our time in vain, ”despite the fact that she first asked him to interview. No difference. This film was stupid, meaningless and meaningless, with many holes in the plot. I could go on about this movie, but I see no need. I would rather spend my time doing something useful. Like something felting. "Hellish Threshold" refers more to purgatory with 2 blunt models. out of 10
