Watching “Floored by Love”, almost immediately the thought comes: “My God, it looks like a very bad comedy series.” Of course, it turns out that the FBL is the pilot of the series, which could start this fall in Canada, poor poor Canada. <br /> <br /> Cara (Shirley Ng) and Janet (Natalie Skye) are a living lesbian couple in Vancouver. Janet has already come to her mother, but Kara’s parents are still not aware of their daughter’s homosexuality. However, it is under pressure when parents come from Malaysia to the wedding of their younger brother. In the same week, British Columbia legalizes same-sex marriage. With Janet wishing to marry, Kara must decide whether to tell her conservative Chinese parents that she is gay. Will she? Will she? Can she The situation of Kara contrasts with the situation of Jesse (Trent Millar). Jesse just announced his homosexuality to the world at the age of fourteen. His biological father, Daniel (Andrew McIlroy), will soon be visiting. His stepfather Norman (Michael Robinson) fears that his chances that Jesse will eventually be fully accepted are undermined by the fact that Daniel is gay, but he is not. Will set 1-800-Makeover help? <br /> <br /> Dialogue and delivery come from the program of the earlier 1950s, along with excessive physical emotion. Full house melodramas are enough to make you flinch from time to time, and comedy attempts generally fail. McIlroy, Millar & Sky are the only performers who are close to competence in this miscalculation, but given the material with which they have to work, it is not surprising that no one is impressive. It is possible that politeness was focused. It often seems that the performers are not so bad at all that they must be trying to emulate the lower comedies of the past days. If this is true, then this review should probably be rewritten. The rewriting will focus on the fact that “Floored by Love” is a bad and inefficient selection of old comedy films. <br /> <br /> Writer / director Desiree Lim gathered a meaningless festival that can be forgotten. There was a time when just having an open homosexual hero was enough to make a mark on the screen. This time has passed. On this day, we need and quality.
