I sat in this film in anticipation of a thought-provoking, fact-based film. But instead, some of the least well-thought-out arguments against the Christian faith that one can imagine were presented. For example, trying to prove that Christianity is inherently cruel, the narrator constantly quotes the Bible, giving no context, and thus changing the meaning of the text. Jesus is quoted as the master of the execution of those who do not obey him, although in fact this quote is taken from the parable of Jesus, which refers to the king, who is then quoted. Thus, the narrator gives the impression that Jesus says one thing, when he actually tells the story where one of his characters tells it. This is dishonesty in a very obvious form. Is this really what Atheism has to offer the world? This film also attempts to use the success of the Passion of Christ over Jesus Christ: the Superstar and the Last Temptation of Christ as proof that Christians are bloodthirsty. He does not mention that “Passion” was the most historically accurate biblical film to date. He does not mention that the critics of the group really liked this most. He then edits a series of cruel images from the Passion, as if trying to understand his point of view. Ironically, he does not mention the Texas Chainsaw Massacre, which came out a few months later and plays violence for fun, not a dramatic effect. <br /> <br /> One thing that really bothered me was his mockery of people who really knew more about the subject than he did. All the Christians he spoke to were common crooks in the parking lot of the New York Billy Graham Crusade. The atheists he interviewed for the film were renowned authors and scholars. He asked Christians how the Christian movement began, and, of course, they said that it began with the coming of the Holy Spirit to the disciples on the day of Pentecost. What is right (Acts 2). He then comments: “Isn't it funny that so few Christians know about the origin of their faith?” And goes on to explain that the apostle Paul started Christianity after he was stopped on the way to Damascus. The poor guy seems convinced that Acts 9 happens before Acts 2. Even more deception? Or is it just ignorance? He also throws nonsense that Paul did not believe that Jesus was a real person. Are you kidding me? 1 Corinthians 15 describes the death and resurrection of Jesus, which are witnessed by people (whom Paul calls in the passage), so that the Corinthians ask if they doubt! <br /> <br /> There are many other examples of how full of crap. This “documentary” is. But since I have neither the time nor the patience to sort through all of them, I will go straight to the end. Throughout the film, it is obvious that the narrator is experiencing an emotional vendetta against his upbringing in the church. And the culmination of the interview - the principle of his childhood! In a final attempt to refute the Christian faith, the narrator tries to fool someone who detained him as a child. Is this what sounds like an intellectual documentary for the atheist community? Of course, there are atheist intellectual filmmakers who can make a documentary that is not fictional nonsense issued for "facts."
