First let me state that I don’t believe in God (if you want to use the word atheist, fine, but I don’t like this word because it describes what I am not and not what I am), but I hated this is "documentary." Production values ​​were damn close to the fact that they did not exist at all, the premise was extremely shaky, and it all seemed like an exercise in Brian Flemming’s uncertainty. <br /> <br /> Production values ​​were terrible, and Brian Flemming, at best, is clearly an amateur director. The narration sounded as if he had just narrated about the film in one frame, and he had not practiced at all. There were many minds and pauses when he had to speak in the film. the animation was damn bad too. <br /> <br /> Historians and biblical scholars do not take seriously the idea that Jesus is a mythical character. As I said earlier, I do not believe in God and do not think that whether Jesus was a real man says nothing about the existence of God. In my personal opinion, Jesus was probably a real man, but he lived in times when there were many masses (see Apollonius of Tyana), and that the stories of his life and sermons were bloated proportionally, the further you got from his death. According to a Wikipedia article on the historicity of Jesus (and there is a good quote for this, so it’s rubbish), “almost all biblical scholars and history scholars agree that Jesus was a Jewish teacher from Galilee who was considered a healer, was baptized by John Baptist, accused of rebellion against the Roman Empire and by order of the Roman governor Pontius Pilate was sentenced to death by crucifixion. [1] “At the end of the documentary, I was wondering if it was about the director’s uncertainty than anything else. I wondered if he tried to convince himself more than anyone else. The most telling example of this is the last interview he conducted with the director of a religious school. He is not even shy about it. The way he bombards the teacher is unfair, and although I partially agree with the director that telling the children about hellfire is bad, the way Flemming confronted the director was just awkward to watch. Perhaps Flemming had the opportunity to start a good discussion if he were more tactful in his interview. Instead, he aggressively says: “Isn't it bad to teach children this.” The guy interrupts the interview, and I mean what he expected, the school principal will say: “Oh, yes, I see, I saw a light, now it will be a secular school?” It seems that Flemming is taking revenge for what he thinks It was wrong done to him in childhood. This is not about a documentary, but about Flemming’s insecurity and has nothing to do with the intended subject of the documentary. Flemming shows what he is actually doing here, and this is the true fall of this so-called documentary.
