Not that I had extremely pleasant memories of Verhoeven's original shocker — it always seemed to me a glossy, well-made film at the airport. Exciting, sexy rubbish, but nonetheless rubbish. It was also a film in which some sexual spirit of the time took part. After a decade of hysterics caused by anti-sexual aids, the film about a wildly sexy guy who thrills to thrill in order to increase his sexual pleasure was quite tempting. Basic Instinct 2 has always struggled to ensure the same social significance and immediacy, so the fact that his desperate attempts at looseness are so unpersuasive can be overlooked. All he really had to provide was that thin fanning plywood and a slightly attractive story, and all this would be watchable. That he fails hopelessly on many levels, and thus being a career nadir for all participants, is truly unusual to observe. Let's start by saying the obvious - Sharon Stone is too old for the sex tycoon Catherine Trammell. What was so photogenic about Verhoeven’s lens looks like a lamb dressed like a lamb in the hands of Michael Cato-Jones for hire, which is flat, dull and static, which makes her indisputable beauty completely enrages the film marked the beginning of her career, BI2 can kill her. She has no chemistry with David Morrissey's dummy shirt - their only sex scene is also confused by the clock. His sissy with a test face made me yearn for the cheeky courageous courage of Michael Douglas. The supporting twists and turns of David Thewlis and Charlotte Rampling waste these wonderful actors on conversational scenes of the show and tough posturing clichés. What about the widely advertised sexual machinations? The dimly lit, fleeting glimpse, as basic as the episode of Desperate Housewives - the European sentiments that Verhoeven led to the sexual content of the first film, are greatly overlooked. Do not watch this film for carnal thrills - they are not there, but what is there is tragic. The film is generally confused to such an extent that it is ridiculously boring, ridiculous. In particular, the last 40 minutes, when you come to the realization that the film, in fact, is not going anywhere at all, especially exhausting and ridiculous in equal measure. As a failed sequel, Basic Instinct 2 will take a cinematic basis, similar to exorcist 2 The Heretic, Beyond the Poseidon Adventure and XXX2. As a vanity project, he competes with Battlefield Earth in his delusion. As a multi-million part of Hollywood filmmaking, this is a parody that will be hard to beat as worse years.
