One of the most popular rentals in my local video store is not “Borat” or “The Departed,” but a 2005 documentary about Jesus Christ called “God That Was Not There”, directed by Brian Flemming, a former Christian fundamentalist. Flemming, in his 62-minute documentary, claims that Jesus was not a historical person, but a legend based solely on pagan traditions. Using interviews with authors, philosophers and historians to refute the long-standing Christian belief that Jesus, the son of God, lived among people, was crucified and resurrected, Flemming compares the story of Christ with the stories of religious figures of Isis and Osiris in Egypt, Dionysus and Adonis in Greek mythology and Roman mystery cults, such as Mithraism, reveal many surprising similarities. <br /> <br /> In addition to his testimonies of pagan cults, he also claims that the earliest sources for the history of Christ These four Gospels were written forty or fifty years after the date indicated for the crucifixion of Jesus, and that in the epistles of the apostle Paul has little evidence that Jesus was a man of flesh and blood. Flemming, unfortunately, however, is not going to conduct a thorough investigation of the truth about the life of Jesus, but to use this item only as a starting point for a complete attack on Christianity and the whole religion. Most of the interviews are with those who are philosophically associated with the director, including recognized atheists, such as biologist Richard Dawkins and author Sam Price. Only Christians were interviewed, such as Scott Butcher, creator of the Rapture Letters.com website, and Ronald Sipus, director of the fundamentalist village Christian school that Flemming attended as a child. <br /> <br /> an interview like Michael Moore from Charlton Heston to Bowling for Columbine, his interview with Sipus is so controversial that Sipus comes out in the middle. In a sarcastic tone, Flemming tells us how wrong Christianity was about the Sun revolving around the Earth, and then points to the atrocities committed in the name of Christianity, such as the crimes of cult leader Charles Manson, who killed 11 people, and Dena Schlosser, who cut her . hands of a child from God. He also raises a statement from the book LaHaye and Jenkins, which states that Christians “are eagerly awaiting the day when all non-Christians will be thrown into the lake of fire, howl and squeal.” To further turn us against Christianity, Flemming shows us extended clips from Mel Gibson's book, The Passion of the Christ, describing each scene of violence and torture in detail. What could become a serious discussion of a very interesting topic ultimately becomes childish chatter and controversy against any religion. In the process of condemning those who used Christianity to commit unspeakable acts, he ignores people such as the socialist Muriel Lester, a famous Christian pacifist, Rigoberta Menchú Tum, a Mayan from Guatemala who helped found Christian revolutionaries and received the Nobel Peace Prize in recognition of her work on social justice and mother Teresa, whose work was aimed at respecting the dignity and dignity of each person. <br /> <br /> His most convincing argument is a comparison of Christian doctrine with pagan cults, and he makes some good points, but Flemming does not tell us that, although some aspects of these cults may resemble Christian doctrines, there are no texts or original materials for these cults up to 300 AD, long before the New Testament. It is also important to note one significant difference. The immediate aim of the initiates was a mystical experience, which made them feel that they had achieved unity with their god. This is anathema to Christianity, which believes that the church hierarchy, including priests and bishops up to the Pope, should interpret God's will for humanity. <br /> <br /> Although I am not a Christian and I have some doubts about whether Jesus Christ was in fact a historical person or not, the truth is that in the long scheme of things this may not matter. It is important that the message was presented to humanity and spread throughout the world, which contributed to the spiritual evolution of humanity. Regardless of the distortions and crimes committed subsequently on his behalf, and there were many of them, Christianity, as it was intended, was a doctrine of compassion and love, as well as a moral and ethical code that promoted respect for our neighbor. <br /> <br /> Although I welcome the fact that the film was shot and that the taboo topic was discussed, which is extremely necessary, this is not another controversial attempt to use religion as a battlefield, but to consider it as a common thread that can unite people all over the world. Although there is room for debate and debate on religious topics, according to Annie Besant, “spiritual truths are best seen in the pure air of fraternity and mutual respect. God, who was not, is recommended only to those whose idea is a good time to destroy the religion of others.
