Let me begin by saying that I fully agree with the main thesis of the film, that probably there was no historical Jesus, and Christianity is a deception. With that said, this film proves this thesis quite poorly. This leads to good arguments - the gap between the theoretical life of Jesus and the writing of the Gospels, filled only with the writings of Paul, which does not indicate the historical Jesus - and then absolutely can not argue convincingly with them. He makes broad statements without presenting the evidence on which the statements are based, and he firmly ignores the counterarguments presented by Christian apologists. Intellectual dishonesty, emotional manipulation and the absence of serious arguments are obvious and overwhelming. The only Christians we hear about in the film are the head of the old school director who comes off as a rational, rational person trying to cope with the harlot with a chip on his shoulder - and various Christians who are obviously randomly encountered parking. Sorry, but the fact that average Christians know little about their religion is not a damn evidence of Christianity fraud. With the same success, it can be argued that Jay Leno has denied the existence of Michael Dukakis in his Jay Walking segment. Interviews with experts may be interesting, but the film is filled with too many, let's say honestly, director who is just a pervert. In the first five minutes, the film has already combined Jerry Falwell with Charles Manson and the authors of the series “Left behind” with Davidian from the Branch. And by the end the film becomes so egocentric that it does not remain rational arguments, just an angry ex-Christian pounces on people and places that he accuses of his spoiled childhood. You know, maybe this film could be interesting, but it is out of place in a documentary film about the historicity of Jesus and is so presumptuous that it weakens all sympathy. This is a film by Michael Moore without humor and insight in the film in conjunction with Richard Dawkins book without wit and intellectual rigor. Skip this.
