Eleanor of Italian descent inherited from her late lover Karl, an ultramodern and secluded house in the middle of the forest. Winter, and she meets the mysterious caretaker Leslie, who ultimately turns out not only to look after the house, but also to Eleanor, as she tries to adapt to her new environment and the growing attractiveness between the couple. <br /> <What did I expect? Thriller really, but it was not quite so. This is just a package advertisement for you! I'm pretty puzzled about everything. Name, history and motivation. So how does this classify? Well, this wooden drama of characters is a mysteriously capricious romantic story about alienation, obsession and dependence, entangled in the complex passionate connection of two masked men. Co-author (along with William Defoe) and a feature film directed by Jiad Kolagrande are too clinically, far and calculated with their mysteriously metaphorical story that makes you think that all this really means ?? although when his sudden conclusion materializes, you will think why I really don't care. What we are going through seems pointless with a burdensome exposure to dead air that focuses on minor details and images. Sterile dialogues can contribute to many embarrassing events, but, all the more, they give lead experience, since it never goes deep enough. As if he believes in it. Sexually salty activity, filtered simply, never convinces and is far from erotic. This is a kind of blow in the already sluggish flow. The basis of the plot creates something interesting and fresh, but it is never executed, and I thought that there would be something more than all this dreary inhibition. Kolagrande's direction is professionally stylish and dark enough to dream of what she imagines, but it all seems like it is in slow motion and can be caught admiring the same looks. Most of the action remains in one place? house. Camera work is very tight, but the sullen musical score can become a little ridiculous when it comes to some kind of dramatic-sounding musical replicas that had no meaning or purpose in the scenes. Giada Colagrande plays it sensually, and the dream of William Defoe plays an important role. He looks like a tired dog! While Seymour Cassel sticks his head from time to time. <br /> <br /> Someone can guess where he is going. Well, if you wait. I think it will benefit doubts, as this is definitely not what I expected from this indie film.
