I respect Alex Cox, the director, really. He is like a child in school who, as you think, is at first just trying too hard to be “different,” a literary punk rocker who plunged more than his feet into spaghetti westerns, science fiction and fringe culture and went out into the world come to terms with ... but then you will see what he can really do, talent and rude feverish skills and moments of true absurd gaiety capable of him, and you are ready to see everything he has to offer, But his notorious coin has two sides : he can either hit her from the park ( POSSIBILITY, Repo Man, Sid & Nancy, Walker), or simply try too hard and get too much pretentious rabbits out of the hat (to hell). Death and Compass fall into the latter category, and although I respect her (mostly) original approach to the story of a detective killer, he also falls on his face, and his oddity becomes strangely boring. <br /> <br /> This is his rather strange situation and already disrespectful style to follow: Detective Eric Lonnroth is pursuing the killer with the hellish voice of Red (something), and it seems that the killer leaves disturbing evidence with his victims: On the walls blood scrawled messages that, according to eyewitness Alonso Zunts (Christopher Eccleston looks as if he had just left the Shallow Grave, without changing his appearance), have religious significance in Kabbalah. We follow Lonnrot in his case and his methods of persecuting the criminal, which include following the triangular and then the compass pattern on the map - this is despite the protests of the amazing Commissioner Treviran (Miguel Sandoval), who also looks back in time, sitting at the table and talking to the audience in distorted but sad descriptions of his former employee and colleague on the fact of the matter. <br /> <br /> Oh, Cox has moments of creativity and interest. For example, a shot where we see the depth of the heartbreaking depth of a police station, where the character of Eccleston is caught by handcuffs (“For his own defense,” says Lonnrot in case losses in the wrong room), and we were followed by a long trekking shot — perhaps the best or simply the most curious — where we were led through very dark corridors with very little direction, lost in a maze of turns and oddities among the characters. And this is never something that is not exciting to see Miguel Garson’s cinematography as a painful pleasure. But the plot goes through the hoop to keep things so unusual that it can be better than everything together. The performances, with the exception of the confident Boyle and Eccleston at the very end, are rather bad, especially Sandoval, who seems to be just wriggling in his chair, repeating the silly dialogue given to him to speak to an audience. <br /> <br /> Although the very plot of the murder is intended for the audience that this is not what we saw before, that it is in a society with a lot of rebels and architecture offering the next decrepit wave of Alfavilla, it disappears too quickly. What is the conflict here? I was never so keen on Boyle’s own personal mission to find this killer, and only slightly fell into the trap of several flashes of crazy killer scenes (and / or murderers), haunting people, like in the building at the beginning (Cox himself is a funny cameo). And as soon as I started thinking that this leads to something spectacular, with Boyle and Eccleston in this large (“not as big as you think”) building in the southern part of the city, this suddenly gives us the “TWIST”, which we we know that in the depths of the soul it comes, but there is no hope, and this nullifies any mysterious secret to which it leads. For all the supernatural touches of Cox as a director, for all his opposition, to feed the audience with the “usual” approach that I really respect, Death and Compass ultimately cut him off on the brainstem; masturbation
