Is Uwe Boll's name automatically associated with a horrible / iconic movie and every new film he releases ?? what about two, three a year ?? Immediately always receives negative evaluations and harsh criticism. You are almost tempted to think that this is just a modern deception. You know how popular it is to hate Uwe Boll, whether you like his films or not. Let me assure you that this is NOT true. Uwe Boll is a terrible writer / director and, frankly, a threat to the entire film industry. The "seed" is another unfortunate proof of this. Here, Ball so desperately tries to appear controversial and shocking, that he overlooks many other elements that essentially should exist in any film, such as plot, narrative structure, character development, increase of tension ?? "Seed" - a disgusting film, full of unreasonable dirt and incompetent shots. I once read that "Seed" was Uwe Boll's interpretation of the currently popular horror trend of Torture porn movies, but this is not even close. The film undoubtedly borrows some of the influence from "Saw" and "Hostel", but basically it's just another hundredth stupid slasher with unbreakable killer and violence video games. <br /> <br /> The first 45 minutes of the “Seed” are bored and actually confirm all the obvious things that, as you already knew, should have happened. You see, Ball was stupid enough to start his movie with a (superfast) scrolling text explaining that there is a US federal law stating that prisoners sentenced to death should be released if three attempts to kill them with electric current fail . So, you know that this will happen later, but the first three quarters are wasted on catching a serial killer and bringing him to the electric chair. The seed is a mute serial killer who allegedly killed 666 victims (exaggerate a lot?), Who carries a bag over his head. He watches a real video of animal abuse (and thus we watch a real video of animal abuse; thanks for that, Mr. Ball) and videotapes people slowly decomposing in their basement (including a crying baby who is really sick). and perverted). When he is finally captured, during the most amateur and implausible police hunt ever filmed and put on death row, the film becomes even more backward. After he was buried alive due to the fact that the electric chair could not fry him, Max Sid crawls back to the surface and goes into a whole new life; this time the focus is on the people who arrested and executed him. <br /> <br /> Stupid plot twists and the complete lack of plot in this film have long been simply bad; they simply enrage and insult the average level of horror film fanatics. A lot of turns and subplots in the "Seed" is simply impossible to accept a reasonably functioning human mind, because they are too stupid! No one believes that the police and prison officers will simply bury the living mass murderer, without first firing a few bullets into his head. No one will accept the fact that a fugitive convict cannot be found for another six months, even if he returned directly to the same shelter where he was first caught! "Seed" is full of such backward trifles, and with every minute the movie becomes dumber. Personally, I refuse to admit that the actors and the film crew did not notice this either. It really makes you think that Uwe Boll simply neglects all the advice and criticism, but simply stubbornly shoots his films the way he wants. I imagine how his cries, such as “shut up and do as they say to you,” to his actors, when they notice that the scene they are shooting does not make sense. <br /> <br /> Just for the fun of frustrating people, there is a gigantic sequence where Max Sid hammers an elderly lady while she is tied to a chair in the middle of his living room. Instead of being shocked, as Ball had intended, this sequence masterfully personifies how pathetic and controversial the whole movie really is. The "seed" is awful, it's disgusting, is it a pity, is it ?? Bol
