Think for a minute what it is like to be Uwe Boll. Somewhere, perhaps in places where Jack Nicholson said: “You don't speak at parties,” Ball knows that David Lin had headaches in his childhood, who had more talent for making films than he did. Sluts Mountain, metalworkers and socially disadvantaged may face him in a circle and tell him differently, but the wide audience believes that the output of the Teutonic helmsman is so devoid of originality, wit or imagination, that he became a monster of the Internet ?? online discursive synonym for photochemical excrement. Ball is doing everything possible to drive through these skeptics using tax breaks available in Germany and Canada to continue working and collecting money from the dentist network, as Zero Mostel did with old women in The Producers. The difference is that the character in Mostela knew that he was filling the intestines. Maybe Uwe knows it too. <br /> <br /> Such is the degree of hostility towards each new Ballbuster that IMDb patrons sabotage their ratings by voting 1 before they see it. Ball's attempts to silence his critics, challenging them to a boxing match and knocking them out, only made them more decisive. In fact, he is probably the only director who boosted the sales of the thesaurus, as critics are looking for creative ways to describe trash. <br /> <br /> Uwe made this onslaught of a man with very thick skin, so much so that he must feel that the carpet is wrapped around him, but he who feels as if the whole world is being bullied. Like most people in this situation, he is determined to upset as many people as possible with memories of a tearful evening dedicated to the review of the House of the Dead, shot by Variety, and not too far from the surface. This strategy “I know that you are, but I am who”, aimed at returning this initiative, led to the blunt satire of the Post, which tried to foul up by discordant jokes about September 11, Christian fundamentalism, jihad, Nazism and pedophilia. Such a series of insults requires a satirist with Peter Cook's mind and the visual imagination of Chris Morris, but the closest Ball to any of them is their last name. <br /> <br /> In the Seed, shot to returning with the above-mentioned game adaptation, Ball returned with a story about a sadistic serial killer (is there any other kind?) who gets a chair in only two attempts to fail and forever curb all signs of life . Remembering a fictional law that says that anyone who is still alive after 3 attempts should be released, although if you were burnt with so much electricity, why do you need it, they declared it lawfully dead and buried it, only for the disgruntled assassins to surf and start a whirlwind tour of their captors. <br /> <br /> Ball begins his “study of nihilistic rage” by seeing Semyon watching images of animals that were tortured for experimental purposes. From there, we refer to the stock of the killer in the trade? kidnap dogs, babies and adult women and let them die of hunger in front of the camera just to become larva food. We are invited to reflect on the fact that we are for the vicious immoral bags of meat ?? our inhumanity towards each other and our brethren, acting as a lightning conductor, which acts as a catalyst for the most disgusting remnants of the human condition. Yes, we are useless, incompetent sadists and, even worse, we will not give Uwe a good IMDb rating. In short, humanity is a bed. <br /> <br /> Of course, you might think that Uwe relies on our worst excesses in your life, and, considering this, it is something like a bipolar product, on the one hand, hating its audience and positively dipping itself into yogurt of human kindness ?? the milk that poor old Ball had to drink for so long, at the same time beating his member and inviting those who have pornographic thirst on the screen of depravity marvel at his sheer ass girth. <br /> <br /> As a result, he doesn’t say anything about the society and its dissatisfaction, especially since the bad press has a detrimental effect on its director. Poor Uwe, obviously a very angry man ?? One scene in which a poor woman is beaten on the head with brains, tying to a chair is, without a doubt, a surrogate fantasy about how to send various web critics. What it is there, but takes the avant-garde approach, being not attached to any kind of narrative, shows that Ball is a pornographer who is happy to engage in the blood of the lust of his audience, and knows that the site is redundant requirements. He made a film that was made correctly, but completely inconsolable. “I wanted to make a horror film that would be uninteresting,” Ball said to viewers at the world premiere of the film, and he succeeded in this fragile manifesto, but if it had to convince the detractors of the director that he was a serious director of the genre, he needed something genuine to say, as well as a better, more original way of saying it.
