“The Treasure of the Nation” (2004) is a carefully misguided jumble of conspiracies borrowed from almost every cliché of the government’s cloak and dagger plot that has ever been written. The film stars Nicolas Cage as Benjamin Franklin Gates (how valuable am I asking you?); at first glance, a normal guy who, for no other reason than the kind of like-minded people, the lost hunters for the fortune, decides to steal the “national treasure” that was hidden by the founding fathers of the United States. After a bit of subtext and background, which plays ridiculously (unintentionally), like Indiana Jones, meets the Patriot, does the film degenerate into one erroneous caprice after another ?? an attempt to create a Stanley Goodspeed regurgitation by Nicolas Cage and to launch this whole mess with a series of high-octane but severed accidents. <br /> <br /> Relevance and logic of the presence of George Washington and his colorful team that the patriots bury the king's redemption somewhere in their native land, and then, going through a careful plan for leaving evidence scattered throughout American artwork , directed by John Terteltaub never comes to an explanation. Couldn't Washington have found a better use of such wealth during the creation of the country? Consequently, we are left with a riddle built on top of a riddle that is already on a shaky ground by the time Ben assigns himself to be the new keeper of this innumerable wealth. Ben's intentions are noble ?? if confusing. He is set up to protect the treasure. For whom and when ??? your guess is as good as mine. <br /> <br /> But Ben’s crusade has a few problems. First, his friend Jan Holmes (Sean Bean) decides that he cannot wait until Ben decides to steal the Declaration of Independence from the National Archives (oh yes, a brilliant idea!). Presumably, the back of this famous document contains the secret answer to the final state. Ian is trying to kill Ben. The assassination attempt is, of course, unsuccessful, although it is excessively melodramatic. It also gives Ben the opportunity to pick up the most sultry curator of the archives Abigail Chase (Diane Kruger). Does she think Ben is obviously crazy ?? at least in the beginning. But according to the action / novel form, Abbie’s determination melts faster than you can say: “Is it the Diamond of Hope?” various benevolent ways that lead to a multi-layered sequence of actions, reminiscent of the Mission Impossible, meeting the Fugitive. Honestly, don't these guys ever get the right intelligence information? In the end, “The Treasure of the Nation” is not an excellent film, as it is a patchwork weave of weary old fragments from other films woven from scraps that would make Betsy Ross blush. DVD Buena Vista offers a much more generous approach than this film deserves. The anamorphic widescreen image produces a very smooth and detailed image with very rich colors, natural skin tones, pure black and pure white. The stylized image also contains no blemishes and digital enhancements. The 5.1 sound provides a good sound boom for your side and rear speakers with intensity and realism. Additional materials include a variety of promotional materials, which tells how and why this film was created. If only as an audience, we had more explanation as to why Ben and company. chasing the ghostly treasure, perhaps it was one good click. Add-ons end with theatrical trailer, audio commentaries and deleted scenes. Not for the faint of heart ?? only stupid.
