I watched this movie last night on one of the pay-per-view channels, and while watching, I quickly wondered why I was worried. Honestly, I really expected something more from this movie. Maybe something like a "conspiracy theory." What for? Perhaps because of the casting. In the end, Nicolas Cage and Harvey Keitel. Not to mention John Voyte and Christopher Plummer. Now I wonder why they bother? But instead of exciting action and mystical drama, I found myself in the furious, dizzying stupidity of The Goonies, which, to my great surprise, caused some real critical praise. Perhaps this is because “The Goonies” was clearly intended for a teenage and teenage audience. Taking into account that the "Treasure of the Nation", judging by the previews, was seriously intended to appeal to an adult audience. <br /> <br /> Suspending unbelief is one thing. This is how you can enjoy fantasy and horror. But I found that I actually resist the piled tablespoons of paranoid and conspiratorial nonsense that is being pushed into the audience. Oh, the screenwriter scattered all the jargon, designed to cause a feeling of serious surprise. "Wow! Masons. The Templars. You know, this may indeed be true!" I think the author really lost me when Gates said that the founding fathers hid the treasure to keep it in the hands of the British! And just where did the Templars come from? New Jersey? Oh, I forgot. From France! Which largely explains how he ended up in Philadelphia during the revolution. He was brought by the agents of Napoleon! In any case, you see what I'm getting at. The premise of the film is interesting. And I really think it could be a serious mysterious drama. But it just comes off when another child clicks adult clothes. In the end, I think that the audience asks not only to suspend faith, but also to make oneself deliberately ignorant to an insulting degree. <br /> <br /> I have just finished viewing several works by Werner Herzog and Stephen Szabo. It’s just a shock when you moved from gourmet cuisine to Hollywood Big Mac and fries. <br /> <br /> Good, good. If you are choking for pursuits, explosions and stunts with the "freak", you will like the "Treasure of the Nation". But this is something like a movie, well, have you ever stood near the cinema, waiting for input while the previous audience was coming out? And all the young children are excitedly talking among themselves and say something like, “Wow! Did you see how this thing exploded? It was so awesome! ”“ National Treasure ”is such a film.
