The career of John Carpenter is over, if this sad excuse for the film is any indication. His excuse is that he only produced it. Jon Bon Jovi looks like a girl. In fact, Bon Jovi and two vampire girls, Natasha Wagner and Arly Jover, are probably all dressed in the same clothes. In short, it was difficult to say which of them was nicer on the model of anorexia. Bon Jovi has the most charisma. At least he looks happy when he smiles. On the other hand, two vampire girls are all cramps and complaints. At some point they are going to kiss each other, but stop. It's amazing how every vampire movie has a specific set of moray eels for their respective vampires. At some point, Arly Jover gives fellatio to a very stupid Vampire Hunter, and then she sucks his blood during intercourse. It would be an erotic moment, except that he was filmed like a complete fool, and the male actor looked slightly surprised, watching Arly Jover turn his head to imitate something that was obviously not happening. As for the blood, several heads are torn off, and the blood splashed profusely. In these scenes, there is so little time to wait or accumulate that when they happen, it is almost ridiculous, and there is no “terrible” return from the scene. All that you get as an audience is a feeling: “Wow, that was definitely a lot of red paint on the walls. I wonder who should clean it. ” Throughout the film, these Vampire Hunters, who are obviously trying to kill Arly Jover (the main vampire in the world ??), continue to reach out to her. At some point Bon Jovi enters an abandoned Church, and after he just shot her with an arrow (and did it in other cases), he says: “I’m not trying to hurt you. I just want to talk to you. I want to meet you. ”HUH ?? Of course, Arly’s stupid vampire pops up to say hello, and Bon Jovi shoves her again with another piercing device.“ Why can't we be friends? ”The 1970's hit song was supposed to be The main theme of this film. Besides all the other stupid moments, there is a sequence of transfusions, when Natasha Wagner removes all her vampire blood, and all the inhabitants of the city line up to donate blood for her transfusion. case, all her vampire blood is removed Bon Jovi then decides that if this blood is poured into him, he can defeat Arly, also becoming a vampire. Of course, when a vampire’s blood is poured into him, his healthy blood is not removed. Apparently Bon Jovi goes with twice as much than any person in his body can have, and just like the first vampires, it also has the special effect of “flashing vampires”.
