A live feed is set in some unnamed Chinese / Japanese Asian region where five American friends, Sarah (Ashley Schappert), Emily (Taaila Markell), Linda (Caroline Chojnacki), Mike (Lee Tishon) and Darren (Rob Scattergood) are enjoying the night in the city and sightseeing. After a brawl in the bar with the Japanese boss triad (Stephen Chang), they decided to check out the porn theater as you would. Inside, they are separated and quickly discover that this place belongs to the boss of the Triad, who uses it to torture and kill people for reasons that are not clear. Can the local boy Miles (Kevan Ohji) save them? <br /> <br /> This Canadian production was co-authored by producer and director Ryan Nicholson, who also receives a loan from the designer of prosthetic effects, it must be said that Live Meal is still rather poor in a low budget shot on a horror film like a video camera, which it seems there is only to cash in on the fame and success of Hostel (2005) and the mini-hobby "torture pornography," as it became known. In accordance with the IMDb section “General Information” for the author and director Live Feed, Nicholson wrote this after hearing about certain events taking place in live sex theaters, and for my money, I believe he wrote it after watching “Hostel”! The script is rather poor, there is no main reason why this porn theater has a big fat ugly freak in hiding outfits hiding around, torturing and killing people, no. Was it for the Triads? Was it for his pleasure? Was it doing snuff films for sale? Some explanation would be nice. Also, why did he include the Triad boss at the end? If you're looking for a movie with a coherent story, forget about the live feed. It seemed to me that it was some kind of difficult undervalued mix of films about sex, S & M, horror, torture, blood and action films, which is not being filmed. I mean just setting a horror movie in a porn theater is not going to make your movie any good anymore, there still needs to be a decent script and story, right? The characters were pretty bad cliches, and some of their actions and motives were more than questionable. It moves at a reasonable pace, rather messy mixing blood, sex and nudity, but it looks cheap, which reduces the effect. <br /> <br /> Directed by Nicholson does nothing special here, editing is intermittent and annoying, he seems to think that lighting up almost every scene with neon light is a good idea and the film looks cheap. Available in the “R” and “Unrated” versions, I saw a shorter version of the “R”, which is actually not so good, but I’m ready to give an advantage to the doubt of the “Unrated” version and say that it can be much, much more awful, but I can't say for sure. There is also a lot of nudity, if this is your thing. I would not say that there is a lot of atmosphere or a lot of panic here, because it does not exist and does not exist accordingly, although in general it has an idiotic tone, and I believe that it requires it. <br /> <br /> Technically, the Live Feed is not very impressive, the blood in my opinion looks a little too watery, and whole scenes filled with annoying neon light sometimes make it difficult to understand what is happening, often it looks as if they were shot in the hand. The delay in the video camera and intermittent editing, at least in the version with a rating of “R”, is sometimes annoying. Shot on location in a real porn theater somewhere in Vancouver, Canada. Acting skills are bad, sometimes I couldn’t say whether the actresses in this film should cry or laugh ... <br /> <br /> Live Feed is not a film that I would recommend to rush anyone and buy or Rent, I didn’t think too much about this because of a very weak predictable storyline that lacks exposure and leads to nothing, poor acting and less impressive blood (at least at least in the 'R' rating ). Watch either Hostel Movies again or instead, as they excel.
