First of all, the actor they are supposed to play in Jesus has blue eyes ... half of the actors in which they play Jews have blue eyes. Are you missing actors with brown eyes? Jesus is depicted with blue eyes - one of my favorite corns. He was a purebred Jew! Secondly, what happens to the old English-language films that should take place in non-English speaking countries, and everyone has English accents? (Another example is “Doctor Zhivago” by David Lin.) Is there a shortage of Jewish actors or actors capable of making an Israeli accent? The film often does not correspond to the Scriptures, and therefore seems to question the validity of Jesus’s statement about the Messiah. In the Bible, when Jesus is baptized by John, a voice comes from heaven saying: “This is my beloved son, to whom I am very pleased” (Matthew 3:17, Mark 1:11, Luke 3:22). In the film, John the Baptist says it! The screenwriter also seems to be trying to portray believers as crazy. For example, in the Bible, the angel Gabriel tells Mary that she will become pregnant by the Son of God (Luke 1: 26-38), but in the film we do not see or hear a single angel - it seems that Mary is talking to the moonbeam, and when mother Mary hears her talking to someone, and looks into her, she also does not hear anyone and does not see. Furthermore, in the film, when Jesus speaks with the Pharisees in the Temple in Jerusalem, he says: “You will not see me here again until you learn to cry,” Blessed is he who comes in the name of the Lord, “I and my father are one and the same ". The correct line (Matthew 23:39 and Luke 13:35) is: “You will not see me again until you say:“ Blessed is he who comes in the name of the Lord. ”“ Period. Jesus never claimed the title of God. The film cuts many important parts (The Sermon on the Mount is very clean), but then spends a lot of time on things that are not even in the Bible (the whole scene with Mary Magdalene talking to John). It seems that the screenwriter, instead of filming a version of the Holy Scripture in the cinema, wanted to make a film about what he thought could happen behind the scenes (and between them). Although there is one pearl in the film — during the scene where Jesus tells the parable of the prodigal son, Matthew has tears running down my face in the tax collector's house. This is the best film I've ever seen about the ministry of Jesus (but this says little, because others are just terrible). “Superstar Jesus Christ” is my favorite film about the last days of Jesus (“Passion of Christ” is too vivid), although I like the way “Jesus of Nazareth” instead of just ending with the death of Jesus, continues and shows his resurrection.
