Scary Movie 3 is not as fun as its predecessors, but it still has its funny moments. It all starts when stray reporter Cindy Campbell goes in search of difficult news on television shows. Soon, she discovers the outrageous onslaught of world-threatening events, including alien invaders, killer videos, fancy crop circles and more. Faced with huge conspiracies and a team of very strange people who follow her around, Cindy must fight to prevent evil from taking over the world again. The plot is not a problem here, since the first two stories were much smaller. This time they focus on Signs, the Ring, the Matrix: Reboot and 8 miles, as well as many others, but not as much as those previously mentioned. The first was {imo} one of the funniest movies I've ever seen. The second was not so good, but still pretty funny. The third is pleasant, but nothing special. Let's just say I did not mind seeing it once, but probably I wouldn’t like to see it again. Jokes are either hits or misses, and funny ones are usually associated with Charlie Sheen. The lame usually involve Anthony Anderson as he is very overrated. Why he continues to act is unclear, because he is not funny. Anna Faris gives a funny presentation, and she, too, is a bit undervalued. Simon Rex shows some potential, because in fact he is not so bad. Regina Hall also returns as Brenda, and she gives a rather funny presentation. The rest of the cast was pretty much a bunch of cameos. Jenny McCarthy and Pamela Anderson probably got the funniest scene of all cameos. They in the opening sequence forge the Ring, and this scene turns out to be one of the most enjoyable in the film. Denise Richards, Queen Latifah, Camryn Manheim and many others also have cameos. David Zucker is directing, and although it is not another Airplane, it is also not the other Daughter of My Boss. It is useless to really analyze direct comedy as the main thing that people want to know, is it funny or not. As I said, if you like it, you probably don’t like it very much. In the end, I find it a little disappointing, as the PG-13 rating weakens it, but you can still enjoy it. Rating 6.3 / 10
