At first I was disgusted with the director Sun-Wu Jiang because I felt he had deceived me. Jang had the potential to create a strong, deeply emotional film about sex and its impact on people, but instead decided to focus his strength on the element of pornography more than the actual human factor. At first I could not see the characters, and his careless introduction, in which both realism and cinema were mixed, was, at best, amateur ?? yet this film remained in my memory for several days after I watched it. What was left with me was not a story, these are not heroes and there was no seeming pornographic character of the film, but the transition that Jang demonstrated between Y and J. If you watch this movie closely, you will see that both are starting in the research phase of their relationship, seeking jump into the unknown, but not quite sure about the next step. Continuing to meet, exploring new opportunities for pleasure, they constantly jump between the aggressor and the aggressor. Initially, Jang explores the idea that it is J that controls the situation, and then, surprisingly, a reversal occurs when J becomes obsessed with Y. This is a very small change, and because of the graphic content of this film, it can easily be missed. but it is. Obviously, closer to the end, it becomes clear when J cannot live with Y, as their meetings become less frequent, and J tries to become part of a normal society. It was a huge and very exciting element of this film, which can be seen right in front of your eyes, but alas, it was the only element of this film that is worth seeing. <br /> <br /> I will ignore those who speak of this film as nothing more than pornographic, because at the heart of this film are human elements, as undeveloped, as they are, they are. This is a film about an aspect of our life, which is very rarely seen in movies or discussed in newspapers. What happens behind closed doors is never known ?? or so we must believe. While the act itself becomes repetitive after a while, director Jang tries to change it a little with some constantly changing decorations. Our characters are constantly moving from a hotel room to a hotel room in order to best quench each other's thirst for flesh. At first, it's fun, but again, Yang's repeated series seems to make him feel bored, not exciting. This leads me to the biggest problem I had with this movie. Jang had a great history with Gojitmal, but where he failed (beyond the obvious choice to focus directly on the pornographic side) was that he took scenes, repeated them over and over without changing before us so that we could get to know the characters. Where did Jang go with this movie? He wanted sex to tell stories, or did he believe there would be heroes? In this sense, he failed, because by the end of the film we know so little about Y and J that we would not care how they decide for themselves. At best, the ending seems almost random, as Jang is trying to create the final resolution for our two absolutely unknown films of this film. I have to give credit to Jangu for trying, but not much. He tried to create some subtests that would create a personal element that we lacked, but they simply could not go well together. Brother Y and wife J were those conspiracy points, but again, because he focused so heavily on the sexual element, these stronger subtests were not memorable and completely boring. Perhaps that was how I watched this movie, but apart from the sex scenes, nothing else worked together. We did not know anything about J and Y, and that is why Gojitmal failed. <br /> <br /> Finally, I would like to say that this film could benefit from the fact that he would have a strong score or an element of a dull musical genre. Bring us, the audience, closer to the emotions that J and Y are experiencing. From what I remember, and I try to push this film aside, I don’t remember any musical nuances. Gojitmal would probably be a stronger film if Jang stylized him to music or did something that hints at the creatures of our character. Although I understand that he wanted sex to speak for itself, this film lacked only a technical element that could satisfy a strong desire for more. Technically it was a bad movie. Obviously, an independent film by nature, it was more like the director Jang tried to make symbolic links out of nothing, and not from a typical character independent of you. I did not see so many social messages or the human factor, as mentioned above, I just felt that he had thrown this film for two weeks and realized that sex would sell him enough. This was not the production of Larry Clark; it was a backup and definitely needed additional technical clicks to develop it more than the final version! <br /> <br /> In general, I think I might like this film, and there were smaller elements that I liked, but I felt that this film was hurried, repetitive and played too much against the taboo, instead of breaking them. Obvious pitfalls of this film can be seen on the last scene of this film, when we find out how the title of this film was intended. Our characters were uneventful, our story was underdeveloped, and we could use something memorable to turn things between Y and J into something more symbolic than sex. For me, Jang tried too much to capture the art of the house meets pornographic ?? and it failed miserably. This film was not worth the time and effort it took to create it. <br /> <br /> Rating: ** of *****
