VERY SMALL SPOILERS POSSIBLE <br /> <br /> This film is announced as the first Russian horror film. Unfortunately, as I understand it, “The Witch” (her Russian name) will take the place of dishonor in the gallery of awful Russian films. It is based on the story of Nikolai Gogol "Viy", which is a classic in Russia. “Founded” is the key word here, since no familiarity with the story is required. Instead, the less you know about Gogol, the better. <br /> <br /> This is a unique production, because we are used to directors take stories from other cultures and adapt them to their own culture. The flow of American remakes of foreign films is a prime example, but on the other hand, Sturgess turned the Seven Samurai Kurosawa into the Magnificent Seven with excellent results, and Kurosawa transferred Macbeth Shakespeare to Japan to make an incredibly powerful Tron in the blood, and King Lear became Klepka Ran. However, with the "Witch" we are forcing the Russians to replant the Russian classic tale on American soil. The film was shot in Estonia in English in order to voice it in English using American actors and to have enough synchronous lip movements. <br /> <br /> As a natural consequence, the colorful Ukrainian background for this story is lost. A monotonous American town appears in it, apparently cut off from some outdated horror textbook. That drunken seminarian Homa Brutus left, instead we have a drunken journalist who is going to win the Pullitzer Prize, and who at the same time writes about X-Files-like events and frequent Miss Boobs contests. (I never thought that the Pullitzer Prize was awarded for such a letter, now I humbly correct it.) In the strange bow of the journalist’s Russianness, his name is Ivan Berkhoff. They should have called him John Smith, because it is impossible to become more beaten, cliché and generic than this film. <br /> <br /> Berhoff goes to a city named Castleville, finds himself on a muddy road, staggers until he finds a dilapidated house, and the old crown does not welcome him. All this is accompanied by a broadcast that the forces of evil in their power are strongest, and it is better for people to stay at home and avoid water. Is it necessary to mention that it is raining very hard? After several allegedly frightening scenes in which I laughed, the story tells that our journalist is dressed as a priest, he is mistaken for a priest, and the local sheriff tells him that his daughter, who died after a brutal attack, wanted the new priest to pray for her . three nights At this stage, the action presumably begins. Those who have time to kill are welcome. <br /> <br /> What's wrong with this movie? Everything from the dialogue to the support department. The dialogue that I heard in Russian was originally written in English and was composed entirely of clichés and platitudes taken from American films. The actors also clearly fought English, because the time of their performance was difficult and unnatural, and the Russian dubbing followed their example. Acting is basically cruel, not only because it is often difficult for the actors to speak, but also because they have nothing suitable for a number of facial expressions. For the most part, they are just empty or you want them to be. The only exceptions are the sheriff, played by Lembit Ulfsak, ​​a wonderful Estonian actor, and Arnis Lizitis, who plays a resident of Castleville in a wheelchair. Oh, and, of course, the cock, which is absolutely natural for the camera! I know that the actors complain that dogs and cats push them to their feet, but when in Nikolaev they put the rooster back, this is sad evidence of the overall quality of acting in the film. <br /> <br /> There was not a single terrible moment in the entire film, and there was not a single original moment in the film. Keep in mind this comment is from someone who is rather inexperienced with horror. The film is filled with standard movements that have been used in horror films since the genre appeared. At a critical moment, the camera lingers on a kerosene lamp with love. The lamp goes out quickly. He must have seen some horror films too. An example of higher idiocy comes at another moment, the character jumps out of the bath and runs into the camera. It has something like a loincloth! It doesn't get more idiotic than that! <br /> <br /> Those in Russia who liked this claim that it should have been advertised as a mystical thriller. I, too, was not thrilled. It was mediocre from start to finish. I especially liked the fact that the entire population of the small town behaved as if they knew for sure that they were living in a horror film, except that they were not quite sure whether there were any zombies in it or not. Therefore, some of them acted like zombies just in case. <br /> <br /> The filmmakers talk about the search for faith. Such beautiful collections of idiotic deeds, stupidly invented moments and, yes, cliches, do not deserve to have faith. The film is so thorough and completely fake that it deserves only exhibitions in the wax museum.
