What is there? Let me tell you. This presence (Alec Baldwin). He is not a great actor, but perhaps a good star with some good films, but this is not one of them. Here he did nothing more than everything he did before or after. So not to mention (literally!) The fact that (Steve McQueen) plays the same role in the original, because I don’t want to make this comparison in the first place. I'm not a big fan or even a fan (Kim Basinger), she has a lot of bad movies, and even at her best, she looks average! And it really gets on my nerves when they talk about her seductive rare beauty !! ?? Well, if the blonde were attractive, I would have dyed my hair yellow as soon as possible! And what is it with all the craziness about Miss Basinger's feet ?? !! Is this for sure insanity or bad tasting? Since I do not see them both not only sexually, but also ugly! And if you hate it, shoot me, but you know what ?! I just watched this movie, so I'm already dead! And yet, what would make you really suffer in an unbearable way is that none of the loans go to the one she deserves the most ... And, of course, I mean (Jennifer Tilly) .. Now we We are talking about a truly true seductive girl with such an unforgettable body and one unique sense of glamor, like a dirty brunette (Marilyn Monroe), but much healthier! (I can't help it, she was the only new and watchable thing here!). (Michael Madsen) because the bad guy was much more attractive and more efficient than the good guys, (James Woods) is here to take stock of the early events around the pool (so the trailer will be his voice later!), And he knew First of all, this all the Hollywood material, so “Do your job, take your money and good luck as an actor in other films!”, the editing gave the film a serious personality along with the brutal atmosphere created by suitable brilliant cinematography, therefore its main things (Action, Awe,. .) here and happy well done, although any echo for deep meanings about (types of betrayal) as the main dramatic motive of all this is not so strong, so do not expect it. Well, it's all in another remake without anything special (except for the spicy moments of Jennifer Tilly!), So I think that I tried to be as objective as possible, so I should not end my review by saying that (Basinger) or someone here did better than this film .. It would be offensive, because, frankly speaking .. Everything is better than this movie!
