Famous filmmaker Freddie Francis (Glory, The Elephant Man) is shooting this horrible horror film / drama. 19th-century England takes a different view of how medical practices should be handled than Dr. Thomas Rock, a law stating that only the bodies of hanged criminals can be studied and experimented. But the stock of these bodies is small, and Roku needs more - and he prefers them fresher. Being an individualist in his circle, he begins to pay people so that they find bodies on which he can learn and experience. Desperate slugs Robert Fallon and Timothy Broome find out about this opportunity and start killing people and selling these bodies to Rock. Naturally, such actions have even worse consequences than the practice on the dead bodies of criminals, and lead to trouble for everyone. Although the general story sounds intriguing on paper, almost everything in “The Doctor and the Devils” is ridiculously bad. <br /> <br /> After the first fifteen minutes of the movie, you are already beginning to doubt your decision to sit down to watch a movie. The whole kind of film is just ugly. Seeing how the film unfolds in the slums of England in the 19th century, the filmmakers probably were going to look “ugly”, but they are not doing this in a clever way. Everything from filming to cinematography just looks cheap, weak and disgusting. In addition, almost all scenes are filled with something that you simply cannot take seriously, and most of the time this is due to the fact that someone (in both small and large roles) does something that looks or it sounds completely ridiculous. Francis, of course, did not help her actors very much. <br /> <br /> Jonathan Price and Stephen Rea play perverse film buddies, Fallon and Broome respectively, and they are very pompous but very bad. Their characters are crazy by nature, but Price and Rea play roles to death. They, in particular, have problems with maintaining the same accent from shot to shot - Price, in particular, moves from cockney to Irish, to long John Silver, to some kind of lagoon and so on and so forth. It is also a riot of humor - to see Twiggy in this film in general, not to mention playing the popular street whore, since she cannot act to save her life (although her song during the final credits is not so funny). The guy, of course, has come a long way: from “flower power” to “I'll take off my shilling clothes!” No matter how bad these three actors in this film are, Julian Sands takes home the award for the worst performance of the film. He is as lame as before, making one mad attempt after another to depict anger, love, happiness, anxiety - choose an emotion, any emotion! <br /> <br /> In Doctor and the Devils, there is only one good thing: Tim Rotti's performance with Timothy Dalton. Although Dalton is surrounded by cinematic wastewater, it is great; gives an electric image of an overly driven but good-natured person. It is a pity that the rest of the film could not be as good as Mr. Dalton ...
