I can appreciate what Barney is trying to achieve, but after sitting in a college cinema last night, I couldn't help but think ... when will it end? Very long and hard for two hours and fifteen minutes. I only saw part of Cremaster 3 on DVD and thought I knew what to expect. However, experimental films like this are better digested in small portions. There are some beautiful / awful pictures ... including a sequence of headings (no kidding), but if you go for it in anticipation of any plot or meaning, then you will have a long, drowsy trip. I managed to stay awake all the time (if it's a compliment), but more often I waited for some meaning or narration ... a big mistake. The collection of images includes a very ornate gift wrapping ceremony, the creation of a disgusting dish resembling plates of vaseline, formed with a cookie cutter and sprinkled with shrimps (this is served to the ship’s crew that is shown throughout the film) , placed in its center, and the mutual gutting of Björk and director Matthew Barney, which ultimately ends with some strange communication, followed by their transformation into whale-like creatures, Soundtrack sometimes handsome and annoying ... sometimes even crazy. At one time, Bjork sang a song that sounds along with the ephemeral rituals that play in front of us, and sometimes - just the constant hum of a high instrument, which we see as a mysterious woman playing at the beginning and end of the film. If it sounds as if it does not make sense, then it is because it DOES NOT! If this is like your cup of tea, then you will be absolutely delighted! If this sounds like something you probably don’t like, then stay away from it, because you’ll likely get out of the theater halfway, like a few people in a show I attended. This is the very definition of a feature film. You get from this what you take from it. But otherwise, there really is not so much, except for a few oddities and constant rituals of construction and deconstruction. I am glad that there is a place for films like this, but I cannot say that I would like to watch it again. However, I cannot say that I would not like to see one of the Barney Cremaster films from beginning to end and compare it with this. I think maybe now that I know what to expect, I might enjoy something like this more. To give you an idea of ​​what factor of understanding this film has, I probably would have liked better if I were stoned. On the other hand, he could feel twice as long as before, and then he would really become heavy. Definitely not for everyone.
