Winter Kills is a horrible, incoherent and very disappointing conspiracy comedy thriller from the little-known director William Reachert. While watching the film, I honestly felt like an emperor in the classic fable "New clothes of the emperor." The film made me feel like a fool, because I could not make either the head or the tail of the serpentine plot and stupid characters. But I was a little ashamed to admit that the film binds my brain. So I kept to the end, hoping that all the tangled mess is unraveling on its own. Then I realized ... the film should be serpentine, meaningless and illogical, because this is the whole point. This is a satirical view of the theories and theorists of the conspiracy, where the plot of the plot is used as a metaphor for tying the truths, half-truths and lies that define any plot. Even when I realized that the joke was on me, I still felt that Winter Kills was a pretty awful movie. <br /> <br /> Young Nick Kegan (Jeff Bridges) is the youngest brother of a former US president who was killed in Philadelphia. Nick is present when the dying person claims to have shot the president and gives detailed information on where he hid the gun. Nick follows the clues, but every step of the people who help him seem to die under mysterious circumstances. In addition, his father, Pa Kegan (John Houston), a vulgar and disgustingly wealthy businessman, continues to interfere in Nick's investigation. The deeper he delves into the murder, the more Nick understands that he descends into the web of complex lies and red herring, where nothing is as it seems, and no one can be trusted. <br /> <br /> The film is a complete nightmare, and in many ways you shouldn’t try to follow the aforementioned reason for which it is deliberately confused. The cast is filled with extraordinary talent, but most of them are wasted. Toshiro Mifune has one of the shortest and most senseless roles in the history of cinema; Elizabeth Taylor looks uncredited and does not have a single line of dialogue; Richard Boone is given a role that seems interesting, but his character is worthless. John Houston plays the best role in the role of an influential patriarch and gives us some pleasant moments of the film with its sharp delivery. Anthony Perkins also gets a terrible role and copes well with her, although his screen time is too short to pay tribute to the character. Some nude and sexy scenes are thrown without any real reason, and, although they are pretty visual and can be liked by voyeurs, they really belong to another film. The semi-comic climax of the film is a farce and disappointment, but paradoxically memorable in its strange little way. Obviously, there is somewhere there is a cult audience for the "Winter Kills" ... but I will not consider myself among them.
