“Changed Species” begin Friday night in Los Angeles, where Dr. Irwin (Guy Vig) and his laboratory assistant Walter (Allen Lee Huff) burn midnight oil while continuing to try and improve a new revolutionary drug called Regenacin. When Walter talks about the last unsuccessful attempt to go down the sink, fluorescent green liquid seeps into the basement, where the escaped laboratory rats begin to drink it ... Walter's five friends, Alicia (Lia Rowhn in a very attractive outfit, including several cool shoes, which she starts stomping with a rat), Gary (Richard Peterson), Burke (Derek Hoffman), Frank (David Bradley) and Chelsea (Alexander Townsend) decide that he works too hard and needs to leave, so they plan to pick him up and spend the nightaprolet. Returning to the lab, Douglas (Robert Broughton), a janitor, was attacked and killed by killer rats in the basement when Walter injected the last batch of serum into a laboratory rat, which breaks free of the cage when it grows at an amazing pace. , Walter's friends appear, but he cannot leave while the rat is still missing, so everyone helps him look for it. All six become potential food for rats ... <br /> <br /> Also known as Rodentz Altered Species, was co-editor and director of Miles Feldman, and has very few recommendations. The script produced by Serge Rodnunsky is bad and coupled with the overall scarcity of production, since the whole modified look is really lame. For a start, the characters are stupid, annoying and cliché. Then there is a non-original conspiracy with a mad scientist, a monster created by him, an isolated location, a stuck human composition and an obligatory final fight between the hero and the monster. It's all around here. “Changed species” are moving at a fair pace, and this is almost the best I can say about it, and fortunately does not last so long. This is basically your usual movie about mutant rats, although not particularly successful. <br /> <br /> Director Feldman shoots the film like a television movie, and it’s all soft and easy to forget. some special effects and attack scenes leave much to be desired. For starters, the CGI rats are terrible, the attack sequences show abrupt camera movement and really fast editing to hide the fact that all rats just sit there passively. At various points in the modified form, the rat cage needs to be shaken due to the movement of the rats, but you can clearly see that all the rats just sit there when someone shakes the cages off the screen. The giant rat monster looks rather poor at the end because it's just a guy in a tricky costume. There is no panic, no tension or atmosphere, and since when was the basement had bright neon lighting? There is one or two nice pieces of blood, someone has a good big dirty hole, where their face used to be, a severed hand and a decapitation, many bites of rats, someone pulled an eyeball and a dead disfigured cat. <br /> Technically modified species do not meet the standards. It occurs within the same building, has cheap CGI effects and low production rates. Acting is not so difficult, but it is not so bad, and this is a special mention of Leah Rowan in the role of Alicia, as she is a little baby and makes Altered Species a little nicer and easier to watch ... <br /> <br / > “Changed Views” is not a very good movie, in fact, it’s pretty bad, but I suppose you could make it worse. Not great, but it may be worth seeing if you are not too demanding and nothing more to do.
