Nell Shipman must have paid a huge amount of money to promote Maxwell’s off-road capabilities. The plot of the film is quite simple: Nell plays a writer who has a bad script and needs inspiration, so she goes to Mexico to absorb the atmosphere. There she meets a hero (Bert Van Tuil), a cowboy who prefers to drive a car rather than ride a horse. While Nell visits her father’s partner in her mining camp, a gang of local gangsters kidnaps her and takes her to the camp deep in the desert. The hero must quickly get to her, so he decides to go there in his car. This is where the film takes a strange turn. Bert continues to go around all imaginable landscapes, huge stones, small streams, heavy brushes, stumps, dust, steep slopes, etc., and for most of the movie we see this car trying to overcome obstacles. Now pay attention, this is not a modern ATV, this is a Maxwell car of 1920, so it looks very inappropriate, like an SUV. And he clearly has limitations for some of the landscapes he faces, we will see how he got stuck in this film more than once. But the filmmakers tried to show that he had surpassed all the chances and eventually overcame all the obstacles. As soon as the hero gets into the hidden camp and rescues the girl, he jumps into the car with her and leaves with the bandits in hot pursuit (on horseback), and at that moment I became hysterically funny. Watching this car slowly roll over huge stones, get stuck in gravel and mountain bushes, move back and forth to gain enough momentum to drive through fallen tree branches, the gangsters had to have enough time to catch up. But they never do that, although we must believe that this pursuit of the desert goes on all night. And in a silly climax, the car climbs the mountainside and helps Nell and the hero push a huge boulder down the hill to crush the pursuing thugs. <br /> <br /> After watching this movie, you might think that the army should invest Maxwell cars in 1920 because they clearly have better off-road capabilities than the Hammers and Bradley tanks combined. Watch this movie just for fun, it is worth it to see how Nell is pressed against the car grill and says: “You did your best, brave little car”
