to gather the audience of the film - I, of course, stunned by the number of positive comments that this poor film has collected here. I cannot believe it, I cannot help but be suspicious, in this regard, of paying the lane to critics who advertise Annette Bening for Oscar; a hole in the kitchen ceiling may be more suitable for chewing its landscape. She is a wonderful actress, but this, unfortunately, is an unbalanced view, due to the lack of the necessary quality film actors who need to master the rhythm of the script and maintain it during the whole disconnected madness that makes the film. <br /> <br /> I really don’t want to blame Miss Bening or most of the other performers (well, Gwyneth Paltrow has no excuse for her dirty work), however, because this is a terrible adaptation, a classic case of incorrect translation (I’m ready to assume I did not read the book and did not think that I would be after this). The script launches us into the middle / confusion of unexplained behavior and extreme emotional excitement, spewed out by mysterious characters who have not developed a relationship with us or with each other. This quickly turns into a grotesquely excessive attack, similar to a tsunami that kills both characters and spectators, and leaves me as a survivor, shaking his head in the detritus left at the end of each repeated episode. Shock and awe would describe my reaction to insane, bipolar mood swings between ranting and very quiet sensitivity, the latter of which was telegraphed by one of the most annoying, manipulative, buzzing soundtracks I've ever heard - that is, when all this I haven't I know that he is inclined to absurdly inappropriate cartoons - historical things, but he was chosen with a striking disregard for the tone of the scenes. <br /> <br /> How this wonderful cast is mixed up in this, I don’t know, I can’t believe that they saw the script before signing. They certainly apply their skills with devotion - I was very sorry for the beautiful Jill Clayberg, burdened with a woman's costume and a wig from a cartoon, unsuccessfully trying to pull something important out of fragmentary clichés. On the contrary, in some way Alec Baldwin rises above the material to provide consistent, nuanced, real performance. Can anyone give this person the lead role of the substance, please? What about Rachel Evan Wood - or Joseph Fiennes? You might think that the industry could use it more efficiently, and would not have seemed so cruel as Elliot Gould in the book of MASH. <br /> <br /> My voice? Not a bad turd, everything is in order, but without regard to heaven.
