When an attempt is made to kill Emir Okhtar, an Arabic power who visited Washington, DC, his cocktail waitress named Sunny Davis saved his life. Sunny becomes a national heroine and media celebrity, and the work in the Protocols Section of the US State Department is offered as an award. However, unknown to her State Department officials, who offer her a job, have a hidden agenda. <br /> <br /> The map that we see depicts Okhtar, which lies on the border of Saudi Arabia and South Yemen, in the region of a barren desert. known as Rub al-Khali, or Empty Quarter. In real life, the state in this place will have a population of almost zero and almost zero strategic importance, but for the purposes of the film we must recognize that Okhtar has tremendous strategic importance in the Cold War and that the US government, Those who seek to build a military base there , must do everything possible to stay on the good side of their ruler. It turns out that Emir liked an attractive young woman who saved him, and he made a deal with the State Department; they can have their own base, provided that he can have Sunny as the latest addition to his harem. Sunny's new job is just a trick for the emir to have new opportunities to meet her. <br /> <br /> Such a conspiracy could be the occasion for some fun satire, but in fact the satirical content of the film is rather softened. Perhaps in 1984, the American public was not set on harsh satire on their country's foreign policy; it was, after all, the year in which Ronald Reagan held forty-nine of the fifty states in the presidential election, and his hard line with the Soviet Union clearly went against voters. (If the film were shot a couple of years later, after the novel Iran / Contra, its tone could have been different). <br /> <br /> The film is not so much a satyr as a car for Goldie Hawn, in order to show his mark of attraction and charm. Sunny is a typical character of Goldie - cute, good-natured, naive and not too bright. However, there is a limit to how far you can go with only wit and charm, and you cannot automatically make a bad movie a good one just by turning the main character into a dumb blonde. (Actually, this is more like a recipe for making a good movie bad.) Goldie tries her best to save this one, but never succeeds. Part of the reason is that her character is depicted inconsistently. On the one hand, Sunny is a sweet, innocent country girl from Oregon. On the other hand, she is a 35-year-old woman who works in an obscene bar and wears a frank costume. The effect is similar to Rebecca's imagination from Sunnybroke Farm, who grew up and worked as a bunny girl. <br /> <br /> A more important reason why Goldie cannot save this film is that even the best comedian or comedian is no better than his / her material, and “The Protocol” is simply unmixed. Whatever it is, humor is tired and tense, relying on offensive stereotypes about Arab men, who obviously all crave Western women, especially if they are blondes and blue-eyed. In the mid-eighties, there were a lot of similar things going on, since this period also saw the awful Ben Kingsley / Nastasya Kinsky film Harem about the lustful Middle Eastern ruler who kidnapped a young American self-titled mini-series telling an almost identical story with the installation period. The filmmakers seem to have realized that their film will not work as a pure comedy, because by the end it turns into a kind of "Mr. Smith goes to Washington." Sunny turns from a fair-haired girl into a source of political wisdom and begins to utter all sorts of banalities about democracy and the constitution, about the duty of a citizen to vote, and we, the people, and how the price of freedom is eternal. Vigilance, blah blah blah blah ???? , but in reality the film is no more successful as a political parable than as a comedy. <br /> <br /> Goldie Hawn appeared in several good comedies, such as Cactus Flower, Overboard and Homebody, but Protocol is not one of them. I have not seen all of her films, but of those that I have seen, this horrible comedy is by far the worst. 3/10
