This film wants to show that criminals are a product of modern society. So can thieves, rapists, and murderers (the killer of this film, Karl Panzram (James Woods), all three or even worse) be fully responsible for their actions? An interesting concept, but very difficult to display in an intellectually and emotionally satisfactory manner. And that's where the "Killer: Kill Log" is very short. Although the film tries to present Panzram’s behavior in perspective, with memories of his violent youth and dysfunctional upbringing, the viewer never gets the idea that Panzram is a victim rather than a culprit. Of course, the system is corrupt: one thug occupies the entire hospital part of Leavenworth Prison (where most of the film takes place), most of the prison guards are sadistic hooligans, and the prison director is something of a fool with megalomania. But why the new prison guard Henry Lesser (Robert Sean Leonard) so sorry for Panzram? Even after reading his terrible diaries? There are some explanations in the film: the lesser witnesses of Panzram beat half to death with the most sadistic (and stereotypical) guard, and are impressed with Panzram's intelligence (although it is not clear why Lesser thinks that this person is so smart). Of course, this is not enough to sympathize with a hostile person like Panzram, although this film tends to downplay his crimes and emphasize his personality? In relation to the Small Panzer, he is quite loyal, and the viewer has the impression that for the Small it outweighs all the atrocities he read about in the diaries of Panzram. Does this man, Lesser, have so few friends that he takes at face value everyone who seems to him to be at least a little friendly? Perhaps Lesser is the product of modern society, judging by its appearance, and not by its content. <br /> <br /> I can advise Monster with Charlize Theron and Cristina Ricci in the lead roles as a film in which there are roughly the same themes with more integrity and scope. <br /> <br /> By the way: Killer looks as if he was filmed for television (not very good)
