Using tons of video, not only from Trader Horn, but also from the first two films of the series (for example, the battle with alligators was last used), this is one of the weakest films in the MGM series. This is a huge disappointment after the classic Tarzan and his assistant, which, perhaps, is the best film in the series. <br /> <br /> In the story Jane's cousins ​​come into the jungle to tell her that she inherited a fortune if she came back to demand it. They seem to be in a bind, because a relative who left her money, deprives them of their will. Hiring a great white hunter who secretly wants to catch Tarzan and sell him, the pair goes to the jungle, where they face the usual problems of the jungle (more because of the footage). After long conversations, Jane decides to return to civilization, and we get long episodes with Tarzan and Jame making a kiss. Finally, in the last half hour, the story about the seizure of Tarzan begins, and finally, everything becomes interesting, because the plans are spoiled, and everything looks very gloomy for all interested parties. <br /> <br /> A horribly boring movie is clear evidence of problem production. the film seems to have been compiled from several different films, the first half hour of which was played almost as repetitions of the previous film. The middle third shows signs of having to stretch things and have storylines that ultimately lead to nothing. The last third, where Tarzan is captured, and the party is in danger, is that the film finally comes to life (it also shows signs of graphic violence, which caused most of the need to re-film the film). For me it is a great surprise how the series was able to continue from here, since this film is not very good (except at the end). It would be difficult for me to explain this, except for the fact that I would have to say that it was the relationship between Weismüller and O'Sullivan in the role of Tarzan and Jane, which made people come back. This is a beautifully played pair and is truly one of the best pairs on the screen. <br /> <br /> (I should also mention that it was from this point of view that the film became less real and more fantastic with the appearance of the Tarzan House tree.) I really do not like the first hour of this film, and I consider it a great waste of time and energy. If you can come to an end, I would recommend to try the movie. Otherwise, I'll just skip the entire movie and move on to the next movie in the series.
