In the small American town of Meadoweal, Dr. Anthony Blake (David Gale, the wrong IMDb list for this character, this is definitely Dr. Blake, not Dr. Blakely) —the director and founder of the famous Institute for Psychological Research, as well as the leading local TV program called “Independent Thinkers ". He uses this T.V. show to hypnotize the audience and get them to commit acts of violence. Dr. Blake has an evil-faced big brain that uses the spinal cord as a tail piece. Usually the brain just sits in an aquarium, eats mice and a strange bad actor; every time he eats someone, it becomes much more. Meanwhile, at the local school, a gifted but problematic teenager Jim Mazhelevski (Tom Bresnahan) was caught catching Sodium in toilets. Jim is sent to Dr. Blake at PRI for help in solving his behavior problems. While Dr. Blake picks up Jim, well, I'm not quite sure what. This, whatever it is, is tied to the brain. First, Jim is able to withstand brain control. The brain feels that Jim is a threat to himself and his plans. Stepping out of PRI, Jim begins to experience strange hallucinations and crashes his car. Jim gets to his girlfriend as a waitress Janet (Cynthia Preston as Cindy Preston), but soon after that she returns to officer Blake Verna (George Buza) officer Marx (Harry Booker). The brain wants to kill Jim, because he is the only one who can withstand his mind control methods, and because Independent Thinkers are becoming national, the brain does not want anyone or anyone to stop their evil plan of world domination! Jim quickly realizes that the brain controls the entire city, and he alone must stop the brain before it takes over the whole world! <br /> <br /> Directed by Ed Hunt, who calls himself Edward Hunt here, the Brain wasn't as bad as I thought it would be. Don't get me wrong, because this, of course, is also not great. Scenario Barry Pearson is trying to strike a satire with brainwashing and mind control on the storyline of TV. He moves at a fair pace and is not too boring. There is no explanation for the existence of the brain at all, it simply is, and that is all that we have to accept. This story is a bit choppy and never fully explores a single element: control over television, the brain itself, Jim, who is hunted by the police and his bad behavior, and other trifles, including freakish revelations about the doctor. Blake, this is not at all explained. In terms of production, this film looks cheap and probably was cheap. The game is not very good, but I have seen worse, and what makes David Gale? In fact, this role is similar to the role of Gale in Re-Animator (1985), even until the death of his character in both films. The brain itself first sits in an aquarium and begins to grow whenever it eats someone, and by the end it becomes quite large. Each stage is simply made of rubber. It does not look particularly good and is not scary or creepy, just cheap. There is no blood or blood other than blinking, and you miss the beheading. Nude is assisted by Dr. Blake Vivian’s assistant (Christina Cossack as Christina Cossack) before being eaten The brain had a certain entertainment value for me, but I think most people won't like it. It might be worth seeing if you can see it on T.V. is free.
