To say that “Thunderbirds” is terrible, forced, ugly, ugly, unpleasant to listen to and painful to watch a film is not enough to say. There are only two reasons why I can think about why you are watching this film: 1; You saw the Thunderbirds when you were young (like me), and you are curious to know what it looks like, but in fact you will only watch how much they have spoiled everything. Or 2; You see it with someone under ten years old. <br /> <br /> Thunderbirds copes with everything that tries. The list goes on and on, but there are other, more subtle, degrading things that are painfully obvious when you think about it. From the beginning, Thunderbirds is wrong, wrong, wrong. The entire moral meaning and “purpose” is set out in painful form: Jeff Tracy (new minimum for Bill Paxton) tells his youngest son, Alan, that he has not yet proved that he is the Thunderbird after Alan accidentally and foolishly decided to descend into Nedra Tracy to Kindle Thunderbird One. Then the whole film is a series of events and blunders in which Alan tries to prove himself while his father and other brothers are trapped in space aboard the Thunderbird Five. <br /> <br /> Children’s actors are involved in the film. film: 16-year-old Alan Tracy (Corbet), 16-year-old Tin Tin (Hudgens) and 14-year-old Fermat (Fulton), son of Brains. To say that watching the “adventures” to which they stand, it hurts, is to downplay. Often trying to act and use the script, while at the same time fighting the evil “Hood” (Kingsley) in ridiculously unfunny and silly ways, he serves as entertainment throughout the film; it is different only when everyone is in a different place. In addition, the whole “mind control” thing was very tedious and basically pulled the film down, because it was overly used and made it possible for our heroes to see the weakness in “The Hood”. forced and casual. <br /> <br /> I know that most “films for children” these days are trying to integrate some material for adults, but in Thunderbirds this is done in a way that Lady Penelope fetishes. Sophia Miles plays Penelope, and I think it is not by chance that she is a little older than the other children? at 24, it's almost too good to be true. Her scenes are often heavily charged and carry an erotic push. We see her in the bathroom, bubbling up to her neck, watching TV; her butler comes and sneaks her eyes when she seductively changes the channels with her wet, bare and bubble-covered foot. Frequent shots of her massive hot pink high-heeled shoes that fill the screen during various scenes: this happens first when she is actually connected to the second case during a fight with another woman! In combination with this, her bright pink costumes that reveal enough, but at the same time cover up enough, especially outstanding, like how she moves and talks with this gorgeous dominant English accent; sounds like a lady (well, after all, is she LADY Penelope ??, and you'd better call her that) All this is ridiculous, but the editing is so fast that the children won't notice, but it's definitely damn here. <br /> <br /> The actual plot of the Hood, doing everything it does, only to rob a few banks, very strange, the characters that are its bodyguards: a disgusting-looking woman and a black man with a solid body, very worried. Should we laugh at this? What about fighting scenes? Bad tricks and what the hell was that with stupid noises? This is very, very funny. <br /> <br /> This list can be continued. The way Bill Paxton treats everyone as seriously as if he was told that they are doing it in one way, but it was done in a different way, just like the Ford logo around the world was hitting. Newsletter: with the support of Ford, the camera even supports Ford several times when cars are shot, how does the CGI look like something from a computer game video clip ?? it infuriates. We are told that we believe that a 16-year-old girl can swim in the icy Thames against the current, save a downed monorail (monorail over the Thames!?), Return to the hatch and thus; save the day all the time with bated breath. This is an absolute bull, and manufacturers know this ?? I do not even know if a 10-year-old will swallow him. <br /> <br /> In short: avoid, avoid, avoid. Thunderbirds furious, unmixed, poorly written, and even Rolls Royce was taken out and replaced by a flying car ?? everything that could go wrong went wrong.
