The original Thunderbirds have earned a place in the history of television. It was and remains very beloved - in fact, all the first 10 minutes of the Wallace and Gromit film (werewolf) is a direct uplifting of the Thunderbirds right up to the direct reproduction of the original launch sequence of Thunderbird 2 (if you don’t believe me, take the film and then a copy of the original episode where Thunderbird is launched 2). <br /> <br /> This film was an insane attempt to make a children's film - when the original was loved and loved by children and adults! In the original, the Thunderbirds spent all their time saving people, who were often trapped when Mother Nature or Technology was terribly wrong (yes, there was also an occasional criminal act). Thunder Birds put their lives and resources at risk without reward - the very essence of heroism and dedication. There was little physical abuse. Thunderbirds challenged the imagination to some extent - who among us wants to ever build Thunderbird 2? And do not underestimate the power of entertainment to do this - many Japanese attribute their passion for humanoid robots to the old cartoon "Astroboy." <br /> <br /> But this film was a bad repetition of the original. This movie looked like a mix between Thunderbirds and Loony Tunes - I mean, we have Anthony Edwards in the role of the Brain, imitating the stuttering of Porky Pig ????? Most of the action consists of Kung Fu type fights / Power Rangers. Indeed, there were funny sound effects when someone was nailed to the head with a frying pan. The technique that launched our imagination was absent - instead, we run around these children, using a plot device that NEVER was in the original series (when the whole team takes off at once, leaving the base occupied by children and the brain). Then a dose of mysticism “Use Luke's power” was added when TinTin levitated this or that, combined with the “Hood” using aerodynamics, which looked as if they were removed from the “Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon”. The only thing missing was the fact that the “Hood” said: “TinTin, I am your uncle” with the voice of the breathing mask. The heart that made the Thunderbirds unique was GONE. <br /> <br /> The only highlight was how Ron Cook portrayed Parker - he understood that perfectly. But the actress playing Lady Penelope faced like a child - HUH ???? <br /> <br /> And that's why we hate this movie. When someone releases something that was popular among fans, and expects the fans to lay out money to watch, and then put something that didn’t even closely match the expectations of the fans - well, sorry, this is simply WRONG! Well, so if they made a children's film - well - next time, distribute it directly to the video where many of them belong. But do not pack anything in the usual packaging and do not change the insides.
