“Thunderbirds” is an incredibly popular show of the sixties, which has surpassed years and generations to such an extent that it is still as popular as among adults and children as it was in its heyday. Thus, one could conclude that the chance to make a live film with a Hollywood budget of one million pounds was an excellent opportunity to revive the series, as was done in the films "Spider-Man" and "X-Men." But the terrible storyline and soft game destroyed this opportunity, and it soon became obvious that all that was intended for this film was a trip to the trash bin section of the kids. <br /> <br /> Instead of a film about Tracey’s five sons, their father and a trusty geek Brain seeking to save people and protect the world from villains, our hero in this business is the disgruntled and stupid thirteen-year-old Alan Tracy, fourteen-year-old Tin-tin and Fermat, the ten-year-old brain-brain of Brain’s son (yes, Brain’s son, despite the fact that he was a man, who, of course, could never have killed a woman; he may have raised a child in a Petri dish). As you can see from the run of our three main characters, this 2004 remake of Thunderbird was clearly aimed at entertaining only children under the age of twelve, instead of trying to appeal to a wide age range, like those that were involved in The much better revival Spiderman has made. The plot itself was so soft, with awkward, awkward dialogue and weak jokes that probably would not entertain bright teenagers. The screenwriter seemed to be more interested in picking up “Spy Kids” (which was at least whimsical and original), rather than redoing a show that people know and love. <br /> <br /> Although Sophia Myles and Ron Cook were great, like Miss Penelope and Parker, they only had three lines between them, so their presence was barely felt. Jeff Tracy Bill Paxton was just boring, and the other four Tracy boys were mentioned only the slightest mention, while Anthony Edwards and Ben Kingsley, like Brains and Goode, respectively, were simply embarrassed. In particular, “The Hood” is not threatened at all and not ominous, but rather looks like a cunning, ambiguous stereotypical villain, as sluggish as a piece of rotting lettuce. <br /> <br /> Brady Corbet, who plays Alana Tracy, may well be a good young actor, but it was difficult to see that in the film where he plays a hooligan who just solves, and the same goes for Vanessa Anne Hutchinson in the role of Tin-tin, because most of all she needs to look beautiful and be all for 'Girl Power'. Ironically, it was Fermat of the young Soren Fulton who is the only interesting character in the film, since Fulton demonstrates a natural and unconstrained performance. <br /> <br /> “Thunderbirds” series will be remembered forever as an excellent show, proving the dolls can give solid performances! The “Thunderbirds” movie will be forgotten by the majority and will remember a few as one big failure.
