I always thought that most of the huge box office dips usually have something to recommend, but after the remake of Around the World in 80 Days and Thunderbirds, I begin to doubt it. For those who are not familiar, it is based on the puppet concept of a family of astronauts who use modern rockets, space ships and submarines to save people from various disasters (falling bridges, destroyed aircraft, burning buildings, etc.) every week. Well, the puppets are gone (they were replaced by much more lifeless adolescents), as well as the assumption - only one ineptly planned rescue and plot, shamelessly ripped off from child spies, without any signs of imagination, wit or entertainment. Young Alan Tracy feels deprived of all the rescues that we never see, like other Tracy, because Dad won't let him play with a real rocket until he passes the exams. Based on a beautiful tropical island (some kind of punishment!), His chance to prove himself comes when the rest of the family - a group of paramedics-blondes who look like a gay neo-Nazi group of boys without a single characteristic between them - are stuck in space, and he should spend the day running through the jungle, making a phone call, shooting a hose at the inept villains to help comedies and gloss over them in the mud for a bad measure. <br /> <br /> Good moments are few. One of them is that the film is mainly in focus. Secondly, it’s time for all of them to go to the Seychelles, which looks good. <br /> <br /> Bad moments: where to start? Career Ben Kingsley in the lowest point of performance? The aforementioned inept comedy assistants, who will disgrace the Children's Film Foundation in its worst case? Almost complete lack of action or effects in a science fiction film for $ 70 million? A terrible scenario, lifeless leadership, odious moralizer? But, above all, the fact that the film is so patronized by all possible means. Forget about life lessons and other feelings. This film is aimed directly at the eyes of people who know that they are making a children's film, and constantly talk to their target audience, adding jokes and fifth-level routines. it offends most children who have only recently mastered the art of speech. This film can replace sending to bed early without dinner as the parents' favorite punishment for children. <br /> <br /> The biggest failure in the history of British cinema (it did not even cover the cost of print and marketing) is just watchable, if only as a visual lesson, how not to make a summer film.
