Jonathan Freyks is a good actor and, when he doesn’t make a family film, is a good director. But he really should not have made this film, and the script should have been rejected. The director and the writers must understand what the original series really was about, and who the characters were and how they worked. In the original series there were many episodes with razor-sharp writing using good dialogue and situations that American producers would never have thought of using in children's programs, especially the film, thanks to which this original series was so well received by adults. I mean, Tracy was a college graduate, and some of them even drank alcohol and smoked tobacco! And there were characters who were really killed, although most of them were bad guys. If they had written the way it was originally, which does not nullify all because of bad dialogue, humor in kindergarten and a weak plot, this joint venture Universal / Studio Canal would not have such bad reviews. <br /> <br /> This movie is almost pure blasphemy. If you have seen the original Supermarionation series, then you will understand what I'm talking about! <br /> <br /> The first thing that was out of place and annoying was the constant references to the Ford Motor Company, to the point that Lady Penelope was riding in a mutilated Ford Thunderbird, which looked like FAB-1 instead of using which would be more appropriate, given the station Miss Penelope (not to mention being more faithful to the original), ROLLS-ROYCE FAB-1. It is assumed that she is an outstanding member of British society, so she prefers the best car brands in England in the original series. Another reviewer here indicated that Penelope would not be caught dead in Ford. He’s pretty much right in the sense that the idea of ​​her riding a Ford doesn’t work. At the very least, they could drive a Penelope on a Jaguar, similar to FAB 1, since Jaguar is a British car brand owned by Ford, but NO! They had to use direct FORD! But the placement of Ford products does not end there. EVERY ONE car you can see is a Ford! Even the news flash, shown on TV in the film, was sponsored by Ford! Ford, Ford, FORD! The predominance of Ford cars makes this film an obvious marketing tool for Ford. <br /> <br /> The original series had a futuristic design from the 1960s and still remains ahead of its time even today. But the futuristic design in the original series worked, because an effort was made to make the design look practical and functional. This kind of processing did not exist in the film, where everything is styled as surplus, defeating a sense of functionality and practicality. Many of the things that were made in the design of the film were made strictly for style, many times without a sense of functionality, to give this style a sense of reason. <br /> <br /> The original series was based on the good performance of the voice talent performances to overcome the limited expressions of the puppets, to make them live in episodes. Barry Gray's brilliant and lively musical accompaniment helped to further connect the audience with the plot, characters and how everything came together to help achieve a super-goal (Stanislavsky's short talk). The film, on the other hand, had some overly exciting performances. Anthony Edwards beat Brains by mistake, Bill Paxton, because Jeff Tracy simply didn’t work, despite a decent game (one of the few), was the best choice for Goode than Ben Kingsley, and many others I don’t want to mention ( it will take too much time). Simply put, puppets were more believable! The second was a too general and disappointing musical score by Hans Zimmer, which sounds more like a mix between Thunder Day and Apollo 13. <br /> <br /> And of course, the hood. The hood in the original series had the opportunity to communicate with Kirano through the statue of Kirano as an outlet for contact with ESP. But on this his extraordinary abilities ended. He is a master of disguise and deception, which allows him to sneak unnoticed (for the most part one way or another) to collect information about Thunderbird vehicles for his own means. He also uses weapons for his own protection, including pistols, and usually collects information using a film camera, although he tried to steal Thudnerbirds 1 and 2 in the 1960s when United Artists released "Thunderbird 6" (this was Thunderbirds' last show, filmed in Supermarionation, was the second theatrical release of Thunderbirds). But, although he is a sworn enemy of International Rescue, Hood is not a villain in every episode of the Thunderbirds, and he seeks to avoid direct confrontation with International Rescue. In the film, he is obviously the main villain, but he and his cohorts seem to act more like morons, since Hood has an enhanced ability to control the mind, including the ability to move objects and move in flight for short periods of time. This is completely different from Hood as a character in the original series, in which children can laugh, and people familiar with the series scratch their heads in confusion or leave the theater with disgust. <br /> <br /> There is more criticism, but a limit of 1000 words for IMDb reviews will not allow me to list all of them. So, I will end up not liking this film. Actually, I think it sucks! After watching the original series and films about Supermarionations (Thunderbirds Are Go, Thunderbird 6), I was hoping for something much better than that. <br /> <br /> The original Supermarionation was much more sophisticated and elegant than this live action farce. (And it speaks well.) - Kip Wells
