I am not a fan of the “Behind the Back” series of books - the books are written at the 6th grade reading level with a lack of research and understanding of science, technology and politics. While the books manage to remain faithful to the Holy Scriptures, their methods of fulfilling prophecy are often ridiculous (for example, their explanation of the Russian / Arab invasion of Israel). In addition, books have an unmistakable preaching tone that will distract unbelievers, rather than lead them to the gospel. However, I found myself reading these books because of my interest in the events of Revelation. For the same reason, I watched this screen version. I am sad to say that this is a rather mediocre film bordering the poor. Acting is actually pretty decent for the most part with occasional pieces of bad acting and overvoltage. The script is pretty bad, although it is unlikely that it is unexpected if you start with a novel as a basis. Characters are poorly drawn and underdeveloped. Events feel scattered and out of touch. The dialogue sometimes sounds hastily. At least, the book managed to embody its conspiracy theory. Here the viewer has an incoherent mess that only makes sense when you read the book. The pace of the film is also very poorly executed, with an opening and a conclusion that seems extremely hasty, and a middle point, stretching towards a painfully slow drag, which makes it feel complemented. Music is schizophrenic. From time to time, it successfully emphasizes the mood and sounds suitable for the movie. At other times, it reminds me of a sitcom and music of mini-series. Yet other fragments remind me of the MTV soundtrack, which is simply not included in the film. I can give the film glasses for the scene of a panic on board the aircraft, but that's all. Other scenes related to the disasters after the Rapture are far from conclusive. The film also suffers from the promotion of the book, although its message is not quite as it is on your face. Overall, I found the film as disappointing as the series. This is not a film to rally Christians around. I hope that this film will NOT receive any attention in cinemas next year. That would be more unnecessary bad advertising for Christianity. As an example of a convincing, intelligent, well-crafted series based on Revelation, which represents a realistic and Christian worldview, without offending the secular reader (who, after all, must be who the Christian is trying to achieve) . This is an excellent read and much better choice for non-believers or believers who value quality.
