Never before have the motives of movie makers been more transparent. Let's take a look: first, they make every television broadcaster want to advertise this film as the greatest thing after sliced ​​white bread. NEXT, they encourage as many fundamentalist Christians as possible to acquire copies of the film in order to offset its meager production costs and increase its advertising budget. And finally, when the film appears in cinemas, force as many of the mentioned Christians as possible to see it again, if necessary, send them to multiplexes, NOT essentially the film itself, but because opening the box office No. 1 will be considered as some kind of deep spiritual victory. <br /> <br /> But IT, of course, will not be enough. I believe that any film critic who has shown the courage to give “Left from behind” something other than a brilliant review will be considered “anti-Christian”. <br /> <br /> Of course, this shameless manipulative marketing campaign should not surprise anyone. In the end, it's good old capitalism at work. What surprises me is how many people are drawn into the whole thinking of the “left behind”. As a person who tries to balance his spiritual convictions with some sense of reason and rationality, this makes me scratch my head. It seems that many, MANY people really believe that “Delight” will happen sometime in the near future, and that millions of people across the Earth will disappear at the same time IN THIN AIR. I wonder what kind of reality these people live in? Is this “rapture” the thing they really believe in, or is it something they fervently want to believe? And when they reach the end of their lives and realize that this “Delight” has not happened, will they be disappointed and disappointed? Will there be more people in 100 years to insist that the “Delight” is inevitable? <br /> <br /> In a sense, I almost wish for such an event to happen! What an interesting day it will be! What would be even more interesting is if the Apocalypse occurred more spectacularly, not in an anthropological sense, which was described by the authors of the series “Left behind the back”, but rather as a work of Steven Spielberg with boiling clouds and pipes. Angels coming down from heaven, the moon turned into blood, as much as nine yards. Imagine that you came to the realization that all this is coming true, just as evangelists have warned for years, and that there was something more amazing than just the cold, hard, physical reality in which we live. Wouldn't that be something ??? <br /> <br /> But in the end it’s that cold, hard, physical reality that I’ll be pleased with. My life is not so meaningless that I need the fear of the "Rapture" and "The End of Time" to understand all this ... and I do not need heaven or hell to bribe or scare me so that I behave decently, thank you very much.
