On the left is a kind of film “we know what we know, because we know it,” in which Christians (and most other naive people) should help them feel that they are “THINKING” and “BELIEVING” (and not “ I KNOW) right. But at the same time, I feel bad because of the little guys, because this is not a very good movie. This does not help any message. I work in a video store and I know that the only reason people went to watch this film was because they were religious and thought it was so. NO ONE on this earth, THINKING that they know what will happen in the future, is wrong if they do not think they know that they do not know. I had enough (but only after I had too many) of these people who walked with their noses in the air, thinking that films with the participation of a semi-tv television actor meant something to me. <br /> <br /> Please, if you love yourself, you will stay away. I refuse to go into details about this film (not because the AI ​​did not see him (because I saw), B-he was too shocking for my atheist to cope with him (because it wasn’t)), or KI really didn’t I understood that I had nothing to say about it badly (because I know.) The reason (this is a word that no one helped to understand this film) is that I want this film to be in my head, I want it to be made from my head, I want me to watch ALL THIS WITH OPEN MIND from my head, I want the message that Ki to say so proudly and politely at the end of the film, from my head. I only want everything that was in my head BEFORE watching this movie is everything that is directly connected with this film that pops up in my head GO! My peaceful rage ends. I'm sorry that someone in this world went to the theater to watch this film about what might happen in the future (but not) when they could give these seven dollars plus to any number of people, animals or tropical forests. But if they did that then they would not be able to "BELIEVE" in the fact that it is real, they may have to admit that they are. LEFT FOR ZERO (from ****)
