It has been a long time since I saw it for the first time, so I watched it again with the second film in the series. Although I understand that there is a third film that I have not seen yet, I will consider it under the original title ... <br /> <br /> Just in terms of the value of the production, the writing of the screen and the creation of films, this film fails on many levels, albeit on several. What can you expect from a low-budget B movie? Not a lot, and it works in terms of production. However, the script is definitely not related, and character development does little to ... exactly what I expect when the film has an agenda. I had no problems with acting skills ... the cast is solid; However, the script in both films gives the actors a small opportunity to really stretch out. As the film is “Christian,” this is predictable, since you cannot very well portray the violent chaos of “the last times” without violating some of the ethical principles that are commonly associated with Christianity. In other words, the mistake is that it turns into a film with a G rating, when the content, even in the most conservative interpretations of the Bible, will be evaluated in any way. So, if the goal of the film is to scare people before the Christian faith, then the film should be somewhat scary, right? However, you cannot comment on the film version of a film from a book without commenting on a book or, in this case, a series of books. Of course, there are many Christian materials worthy of being turned into films ... but not in the series "Left Behind" ... and these films end up failing because, being best sellers, they are poorly written novels based on poor theology < br /> <br /> As a Southern Baptist minister, I confess that the books gave me great pleasure, although I have not finished the last two books of the series. I called them a decent fiction, and if the books express the point of view that this is one “opportunity” or an interpretation of the subject of biblical eschatology (the study of “last times”), then I could put up with it. This series causes controversy in Christian circles, because it contributes to the “literal” interpretation of the entire Scripture above a more correct hermeneutic, which inevitably leads to the viewpoint of “pre-tribal, pre-millennial”, which limits the universal powerful God too far from the world of humanity. In other words, as I have always said, God does not need our helicopters and bombs to do his final work. But because many people, especially inexperienced Christians, cannot think outside their own worldview, we remain aloof from the conservative, fundamentalist position regarding the interpretation of the Bible and try to put it forward as the “only” interpretation. <br /> <br /> So the books carry with them the agenda, not so much to get “lost”, to understand they need Christ, but they claim that the fundamentalist point of view is the only sure way to understand the Bible. I remember very clearly (a few years ago) in the second novel the scene where the characters refer to the person who “was left behind” because of his non-observance of this point of view; as if “real” Christians, worthy of “admiration,” could not adhere to another eschatology. This is disturbing for several reasons, at least due to the fact that “admiration” is only briefly mentioned in Scripture, and its connection with the real prophecy about the end of time is insignificant at best. <br /> <br /> But the real problem with these books is how they divide the Christian community and how they portray “true” Christian behavior. Ultimately, I feel that they reinforce more people to legitimate faith / religion, rather than encouraging people to it. All Christians are transformed into caricatures that are equally despised and ridiculed by the world, despite the fact that in Christian thought and practice there is a theological space for a wide variety of beliefs. As a Christian body, as a whole, we have caused enough damage to this kind of society for 2,000 years of history ... and, of course, we don’t need to advertise it with films of thousands, and maybe millions of other people. <br /> Thus, “Left Behind” films fail because the “Left Behind” books are not worthy of being translated into films.
