The Legend of Bloody Jack is set in the Alaska desert and begins as a relative of some murderous woodcutter occultist who reads spells (Evil Dead style (1982)) from an ancient spellbook, trying to resurrect him, he succeeds and is not a big believer in family unity dude woodman kills his relative. Two days later, Ray (Travis Quentin Young), along with his sister Dawn (Eric Hoag), her boyfriend Nick (Craig Bonacci) and their four friends arrive at a cozy log cabin (style of Evil Dead) ... overlooking a relaxing weekend in desert. Unfortunately, the woodcutter dude shows his ax and starts killing friends one by one ... Edited, written, executive producer and director Todd Portugal, this is a rather rotten modern slasher See how it kills The horror genre for me, I'm just not a big fan of horror films with ultra-low budget and festive video products. The script is absolutely terrible in all respects for 80 minutes, it has all the bad slasher clichés, the character is terrible, the dialogue is terrible, and it is difficult to take care of anyone or anything in this rather useless excuse for a teenager slasher movie. Teenagers are even more annoying and stupid than usual, the scenario is more idiotic, predictable and flawed than usual, and the woodcutter just limps. Then there is the last 10 minutes or so, which, if you make it so far and believe that it is difficult, will lead to one of the worst turns in the history of the slasher film, which, as I understand it, makes fun of us, the paying audience, has just had to sit for 90 minutes of shit. Now I’ll ruin the finale so that those who don’t want to know it stop reading. In fact, shortly before the end of the film, Ray tells the story, and it turns out that he told the story of what we just saw, and Nick and Don and everyone else scold him for telling such a bad story (I felt their pain) and then proceed to select the holes and laugh at it. Having said why they were standing around and arguing, why they didn’t pick up an ax and the like, I felt that this was teasing the audience, because these were the things I asked about myself, watching this shit and he moved my throat and made it very clear that the creators knew that the script was shitty, and could see all the holes in it, and went to complete the turn, which shamelessly raked the previous 80 minutes (which we just had to remember) it’s just a small grid. add insult to injury The Woodman appears and kills everyone within two minutes, why didn't he do it from the very beginning? It would save everyone a lot of time. <br /> <br /> Directed by Portugal turns out to be in total disarray, this is the worst continuity between day and night in a film I've ever seen. The entire film is intended for filming at night, and I suspect that the creators tried to use the "day for night" process, but it did not work, and most of it looks as if it was set during the day. For example, look when Lisa is locked in a bathroom and gets out of the window. When we look out of the bathroom, the outside is clearly blackish, but when it falls to the ground, and the films turn into an external frame, it is a bright daylight. Then there is the fact that Ranger Vince says that we will not be able to arrange a search party here until “morning,” indicating that it should be night, and then after a few minutes when he goes outside, and it looks like it is the middle of the day, when he is actually carrying around a torch, which is clearly on, and he clearly points him in directions where he looks like night. Every time a scene overlooking the windows appears in the cabin, it becomes completely dark outside, and when the ranger enters through the door to start, this is another vivid example. The continuity of this film is simply the worst thing I've ever seen. There is not much blood here, there are several scenes when the ax falls into people's bodies, but nothing memorable. It's not scary, there is no tension or atmosphere, and the terrifying continuity of day and night just distracts because it is so obvious. <br /> <br /> Technically, the film is far from reality, again, between night and day. It can be seen that believing how bad it is. The special effects are bad, and they could not even afford to blow up the car, even if it is very important for the plot. It has an amateur hour, written all over it from beginning to end. The action is absolutely great, and all participants should get an Oscar, yes, only jokes, in fact, they were not terrible, and even the girls who pulled out their breasts did not look very good. <br /> <br /> The Legend of “Bloody Jack” is just a terrible movie for a teenager, it looks like it was filmed without a tripod or a steady camera, it has terrible effects, it is boring and has an unexpected ending, which is one of the most offensive in the history of horror movies, or I'm completely wrong, and this is the most intelligent. It is not recommended to watch a decent slasher from the 70s or 80s to remind you how they should be made.
