I have to say right away that I checked the spoilers box only because I give this comment a number of thoughts proportional to what this mess of the film deserves, and I don’t want to be responsible for some plot point that happens by chance. <br /> <br /> This comment will take the form of a tirade for the simple reason that I am still influenced by this film, just watched it, and this unique effect makes a person incapable of such forethought and paragraph structure necessary for consistent , reasoned criticism. It's not a compliment. This is not a narcotic action of a truly hypnotic or suggestive film. The feelings that he evokes, unite like some uncomfortable emotional Voltron, consisting of an intricate mixture of some form of rage, vague desire to take a shower, without a rudder, the sinking feeling of true betrayal that arises when they realize that they have given 109 minutes their life falls into the hands of someone who not only squanders them, but also does it in such a pompous, unsophisticated way. And I, probably, would not do anything superproductive with these 109 minutes! But even if I spent it on something trivial, for example, on a masturbation power supply and online poker, I would feel more pleased when everything was said and done. <br /> <br /> The problems with this film are overwhelming. and in the best of times, I would articulate that they were in a semi-adult manner. But in line with what this film deserves, I think that, most likely, I will stick to the field of masturbation, jokes and cartoons. <br /> <br /> The most annoying and extreme drawback is that you are in dire need of it while watching this movie. Know that the creators and participants think that they make a movie much smarter than they are. Demonstrating the depth of knowledge that could be obtained in one semester review of the history of Western art at a local college or vocational school, art jargon is piled up on all sides, and most of it is provided by conversations between our hero, exhausted detective Stan (Willem Defoe, whom I I will forgive for this film because of its role of Willem Defoe) and his friend on the emphasis on antiques Blair (Peter Stormare, resting on the role of a sociopath, which is easy to kill, having played a 2-dimensional device in the movie sociopaths, for whom killing comes easy). And talk they do. In fact, we got into this story at the crime scene, which may indicate a resurgence of a serial killer, about which Stan thinks he killed many years ago, so the whole prehistory is based partly on vague memories, but mostly on running conversations between Stan and his dealer, or Stan and his colleague, the unforgivably annoying Carl (Scott Speedman). And although I distinguish the character Carl (Scott Speedman) from the actor who plays him using parentheses, I must admit that at the very beginning of the movie I so despised this character that I actually found myself sincerely wishing the harm to the actor portraying him (Scott Speedman). Nothing special. Not death or paralysis, sure .. But maybe herpes? Or maybe the stage light could fall on him and break his arm? This is a dangerous digression, but I will not edit it because I want someone reading this, who is thinking about paying, to watch this train wreck from the film with a clear impression of the terrible desires and feelings that it causes most peaceful person. <br /> <br /> Well, it seems as though I’m running out of steam here ... while writing this article, the sick feelings that this film aroused in me, subsided, my head cleared a little, Understanding that I’m still investing being into something associated with this piece of shit is strikingly similar to waking up after a night of suicidally heavy drunkenness alongside the heavy form of the still dormant 200-pound female student. Your first desire is a desperate desire to escape. It `s naturally.
