Initially, I gave this episode two marks - now I would like to think more about it. I would also like them to have negative rating options. <br /> <br /> Watching this, I was amazed at how bad it all was from start to finish. I adore Ron Perlman and John Carpenter ... so what went wrong ?? Last season, episode 13 was delayed because of how he solved the problem of abortion. I think that this season Mr. Carpenter was able to do something so gray that you cannot immediately see if he is up for a choice or against abortion. Only after I sat down and thought about this, I realized that he is very strong against abortions - you will get this most clearly at the end, when “Mother” shoots a child and kills him, to the horror of “Father”, who goes to grief, leaving the mother unscathed. But you also see this in the way Ron P. is treated as a character. I hardly think that if someone had proved that he had enough of a threat in the past to have a restraining order against him, he would not immediately call the police. . Instead, we have a guard who treats him almost sympathetically (only to pay for it in the end). I do not mind if someone has a firm opinion about something, even if it is not something with which I agree, but I think it is a little silly not to stick to this point of view, and not try to look as if they are sitting somewhere in the middle. <br /> <br /> But, except for political issues, this episode was below the poverty line. The music was retro in the 70s, and it just didn’t work. The game (except Ron P.) was bad. The effects were terrible - it might be better to simply not show the monster, and not show the weak excuse for the monster they had. <br /> <br /> All this, as they say, is glad that I have the Masters of Terror - I don’t mind watching some really bad episodes to find the good ones. It's a bit like renting a horror movie at a video store - from time to time you get a good one, and it's worth it. I agree with the poster, which said that perhaps the name should be changed to “Masters” - some of these people simply do not deserve the name. (Let me emphasize that although I hated this episode, John Carpenter completely deserves the title. He is a master in everything)
