I went to the video store and looked around to find a few horror films, after about 30 minutes I just rushed and chose a few. I stumbled upon the “Masters of Horror”, which included “Pro-Life” and “The Right to Death”. They seemed alright, all the same old, trashy crap of horror, but I was wondering for some reason. It talked about Pro-Life about becoming a classic, about returning to the form for John Carpenter (I liked his “The Thing”, so I thought it would be good), and all that. So I turned it on, thinking that it would be something great and interesting, I was very wrong ... It all started by chance, just a girl running through the forest, frightened by something. The car stops and takes her (just because it was the people she needed to see, amazing?) They took her to some clinic and examined her, at the same time it all happens when her father appears at the gate, and they do not. let him in, he is not loud near the area. Most likely because of what he did in the past, but now you don’t know anything about it. He really does not want his daughter to be here at the Abortion Center. He is very much against such actions, believing that this is disgusting, and not what “God” would like. He “supports” what I heard is called “Pro-Life”. Acting against abortion and doing everything possible so that children can be born, they are sick. They do not like the Life of the unborn, but did they kill People in the past to allow Birth? Justice is just the fruit of the mind. In any case, after returning to the right direction, after examining the girl, they learn that she is pregnant, but much ahead of her. She is only a few weeks pregnant, but months ahead. She continues to tell them that they will not understand her, and that she wants an abortion and all that, but finally tells the truth that a demon from hell raped her, and that her father wants this child (but believes that "God" wants this baby, not who actually does). He gets his 3 sons (they are armed with pistols and shotguns) and begins to make his way to the Clinic (shooting anyone who does not cooperate). The head of the clinic, who should have had problems with them in the past, is well prepared this time. Ends with the murder of one of the Sons of the Father, but at the end he is shot several times (in a bullet-proof jacket). Then the Father performs what, in his opinion, is done with women. He cuts a hole where the vagina will be if he is a female, and sticks out some sucking thing and sucks all this blood. While all this is happening, the girl gives birth to a demon child with many legs, and some demon rises from the ground (not in the same room) and starts looking for her child. The father sees it later and begins to ask why this happened, he did what he was told, and does not understand why this is so. The demon killed both his Sons earlier, and now goes after the Father ... While the girl kills the child, and the Demon takes him away (not in the same scene). <br /> <br /> Yes, it may sound pretty cool, and an exciting horror movie, but it’s not. The acting is terrible and devoid of enthusiasm, the script is boring and not even creative, they choose the wrong characters and do not even rely on them; just all together, all the small details, does not even add up to something great, a waste of time. I would not classify it as Horror, although there are elements of Horror in it, they ultimately fail in trying to succeed. It was more like the short film Beginners than John Carpenter. <br /> <br /> Sorry for the lack of information and a detailed review, I just didn’t have time to write something exciting, Also, sorry if my spelling and details are wrong, I couldn’t bother to research anything.
