I was looking forward to seeing John Carpenter’s episode in season 2 because his first “Cigarette Burn” was by far the best from season 1 (and I really liked the other episodes of this season). Oh, how disappointed I was. <br /> <br /> Honestly, Carpenter, I think the main problem with this episode was absolutely terrible writing. The characters, in addition to the subject matter, seemed to behave and speak as if they were written for an episode of Walker, a Texas Ranger. The game was bad, and I usually really like Ron Perlman, but I can only blame them so much because the writing was terrible. I will not try to guess what the writers were trying to do, because it would be useless, but it seemed that they were trying to mix the horror (obviously) with some sort of social commentary on abortion and religion. In this case, which is not surprising, it seemed like it was a chance to split a certain variety or religious nuts, as well as fanatical opponents of abortion. And I am for both goals, but it was done so badly that I was ashamed to watch the characters act and speak with such stupid inconsistency. Because of this, it was not possible to give any useful opinion on this issue, and the element of horror also could not resist, along with such inept writing. <br /> <br /> Although I don’t think that Carpenter can be blamed for much of the evil here, I’ll say he decided to run a TV show and therefore should be held responsible for it. There are a couple of small pieces that I find good, so I gave them 2 stars. <br /> <br /> The actual effects of the blood and the monsters were good, but the CGI blood (two separate shots to the head) was such obviously poor quality CGI, they should never have gotten OK. I am usually very critical of CGI, but not because I have problems with it in principle. I have a problem with his performance. The technology, although surprising in some respects, is not good enough to match the “real” effects, be it miniatures or blood, especially if it is supposed to be organic and / or alive, and therefore should not be used until will not, CGI can be used well in small quantities or, obviously, if the entire movie is animated. <br /> <br /> I will also use this opportunity to point out that the name of the show “Masters of Horror” is a bad name. There are just not so many real “masters of horror” around. Maybe two or three. If the show was called "Horror Tale" or something like that, it would be nice. But since he meets the criteria for guiding one of these episodes and, therefore, criticized for not being a “master of horror,” it is that they have at least one horror film in their careers. And it doesn't even have to be good.
