SMALL SPOILERS (but it still does not matter). <br /> <br /> Exercise in a crazy manner of catastrophic proportions, not even worthy of the 10 lines that I need to put these remarks on network waves. This is the only worst episode of the Masters series to date, and the first one that is suitable for the treatment of non-existent Theater Science. Even if it took me half an hour to understand the supposed ironic angle, it was still a very unconvincing mess. Its only value is that it makes you realize that, in addition to bloody and ugly masks, the genre succeeds only when the classic cinematographic concepts of photography and lighting, dialogue and action, editing and time are used. Here they are not, and John Carpenter is not the master. Period. And no banal analysis of simple social commentary will change that. Strangely enough, Carpenter was never more than director Bee, but at least films like The Fog and The Thing had an amazing atmosphere (the latter is one of my cult favorites). <br /> <br /> Disgusting play of actors. Camera corners stuck in cement. Tense rhythm. And yet, perhaps the most unpleasant element of the episode is the storyline, in which, of course, JC can not be blamed (unless the authors were Cody's friends.) The first two minutes of inactivity of the girl running through the forest were almost Duo Scully Mulder is the first and last thing that works in the film. But, come on, a girl rushing through a desert forest to nowhere, in particular, desperately in need of an abortion, accidentally meets a defender of two doctors for "women's rights", whose clinic just happens to be at the end of the road around the corner. Oh, and I won’t even find fault with how the dock pushes the crowd into the car and accelerates from 0 to 60 in six seconds. Does wonders for possible broken ribs or concussion. <br /> <br /> Then things fall apart very quickly. Useless dialogue “I just want to help you”, endlessly sluggish back and forth at the gates, grand battle tactics such as cutting the telephone line (in the age of cell phones?), Followed by a shootout: born again director of the Ramboesque clinic against Ron Perlman and A high school bullpen for a few hits during the Easter break. Another cute line: “So what are we going to do?” From a child who was just sitting on a pile of automatons in the back of the van. Uh, no, it's not pheasant season yet. So who needs these teenage boys? What about the good old tried and tested method of a lonely madman who makes his way through the gate on his all-American SUV? <br /> <br /> As for the bullet exchange scenes themselves, the cuts here were as hard as staccato from DC comics. All that was missing was Wham, Bam and Whiz from the names of the balloons. And all the tune from the soundtrack, worthy of the old episode with Mannix. <br /> <br /> At some point we find out that dad is not really dad, but at that moment we were not too worried anymore either. The only source of the drama of this story is the conflict between the father for life and his pregnant daughter, who is only grateful that she has no twins. However, there is not a single scene, memories or not, where they actually ever meet together. They remain simply abstractions to each other everywhere. <br /> <br /> With the exception of the gatekeeper, each of the characters absolutely do not like. Soft, hysterical, blunt, macho. As flat as human wallpaper. None of the doctors seem to have anything medical about them. And there is that quarreling dad who scolds his pregnant daughter, as if he himself was a tired guy. He, fortunately, got it. There are two wonderful MST-worthy comic moments: quick temper, when Angelica's plumber comes out, and later a newborn lobster with a baby stuck on its head. Angelica’s rugby ball was also pretty before she finally jumped out of the life of a living little monster from hell. As for this audacious scene of a male abortion ... well, they should have saved the episode of Miike and banned it instead. In short, the 3rd child from Rosemary meets an alien who is on the sod of MACX. episode. This smelly one, visible only for today's all-consuming generation under 16, will reassure, as someone else has said here, that this series will not be resumed during the third season. A real shame, because there were a lot of brilliant productions, including such really decent parodies as Dante's "Returning Home" or the delightfully quirky "Sick Girl" Mackey. Not to mention the excellent images of Malone's "Fair-haired Child". <br /> <br /> Sorry, John Carpenter, I think your director's days are over. It's time to run for president.
