There is something creepy in the London Underground: long winding tunnels, escalators carry you deeper and deeper into the dungeon, and, of course, rats roam the tracks. It is surprising that it is not used in horror films more often. It was used in the horror film of the seventies “Raw Meat” with the image of a cannibalistic tribe living in an abandoned tunnel, and the famous chase in the American werewolf in London. So I was glad to see that someone else was trying to take advantage of the tube atmosphere at night with the recent British production of Creep. <br /> <br /> I thought the film started well, with a very effective credit sequence, this really made me nervous, followed by a scene in the sewers, which creates the premise that something evil is hiding under the London streets. However, Creep went down the hill from here, and I found that I wanted to turn it off after this introductory scene, leaving me with a favorable impression of the film. All the characters become sympathetic and unattractive, even Potente herself, and the director felt the need to hit us on the head with a social commentary on homelessness. he also made the mistake of showing the "monster" in full light, where he ceases to become remotely scary and reveals his name Craig. How can you have a monster named Craig? This turns into a X Files type thing and resembles one of the episodes of the Tombs. In fact, I wanted Mulder and Scully to come and sort them all for me. <br /> <br /> With regard to the infamous sexual abuse, it is very visual, disturbing and completely unnecessary. It seems that this is just shocking the audience, and not some intrinsic value of the plot. The trouble is that it is so terrible and terrible that it actually overshadows you to the rest of the horror, which is a mistake, because it is only half the movie. <br /> <br /> So, let's go. The only feature of the film for me was the rare appearance of Ken Campbell, one of my favorite random actors. You do not see him very often, but when he is on the screen, he pushes everyone else into the corner. His role as a sewage inspector was ingenious, but unfortunately the only one that was evident in the film.
