For some reason, in the late 1970s and early 1980s, the local CBS affiliate in New York continued to play this film on its night machine on Friday or Saturday evenings for several years, usually at 2 am or some time like this. This is a suitable film for this time frame, as it is really difficult to follow, and it is rather strange (see. Other reviews for specific information about the story). In any case, after I caught him many times in those days before cable television (and even after it appeared, but before they offered a lot of programs all night), I continued to catch this little oddity. After years of absence, I decided to see if I could find it on DVD. Well, this is only available (of all the searches I did anyway) in a rather lousy granular print on the budget label "Brentwood Video" as part of 4 movie packages (4 movies on 2 double-sided discs) called "Aliens Worlds" , if someone is interested. Usually it is available for about $ 10, but even a lot less if you go shopping. The other 3 films from this set are easily available in many other collections of popular films, so there is no need to comment on them here. But I did not see the "Eye" available anywhere Even though this version is hardly “recovered", it prints exactly 92 minutes, so this time the set IMDb time of 90 minutes is incorrect. Even with a duration of 92 minutes for a movie duplicated into English from another language it is not unusual that part of the execution time is also cut off. It seems that this is a common practice based on budget, sometimes saving money without even bothering to re-record some scenes if they are not considered important to the story. Will the longer version be made less confusing? Who really knows - if you haven’t seen it in his native language ... By the way, my attempts to watch it during the day do not work, and in the end I just turn it off. There is something about watching this in the middle of the night that just fits into this movie ... or maybe it's just from my earlier experience, who knows?
