I like UFO films, which is why I recently decided to review the EYES FOR STARS after seeing them in childhood in the late 1970s. And now I have to write a review about it, because I am afraid that I will start forgetting everything about this FAST. You see, although EBTS is not bad, it is VERY boring and nondescript. The story is quite interesting, but flat. The actors are good, but their roles are boring and a bit confusing. The effects are terribly amateur, but I can miss something like this if the film is convincing, which, unfortunately, is not the case. <br /> <br /> In addition, there is very little violence and no nudity, which makes this Italian science fiction opus of the 1970s - TRUE oddity, because if there is something that distinguishes Italian genre films shot in The 1970s, from other countries' genre films shot in the same decade, then you can find in them an amazing amount of violence and sex. Oddly enough, due to the almost complete absence of exploiting elements, the EBTS stands out against the background of the rest of the pact. I do not know if this can be considered as a compliment. Personally, I can enjoy a movie without sex and violence, but I think EBTS NEEDS more violence and a little sex here and there to revive it, because it's deadly dull and dry. And the special effects are not so special. <br /> <br /> The story itself is really interesting. This is a combination of X-FILES and BLOWUP Antonioni: the photographer accidentally shoots aliens on film during fashion shoots in the country. Aliens know that they were captured on film and they continue to kidnap the photographer and model, subsequently destroying any evidence of their presence on the ground. The problem begins when a model meets a man in the apartment of a recently abducted photographer (this happens just before she is kidnapped). The man takes some negatives and leaves, and the aliens are not aware of the missing negatives. The whole story about this man who wants to learn more about aliens and the secret group of spies who want to get negatives. Most of the film is centered around boring political intrigue, in espionage and espionage diversity. The UFO history element is almost irrelevant and could easily be replaced by any Cold War McGuffin. But no matter how boring the EYES FOR STARS are, it really looks like X-FILES A LOT! I wonder if Chris Carter saw this movie? In any case, the best thing about EBTS is POV shots, which are creepy and effective. But everything else is almost completely forgotten, including the idiotic aliens. <br /> <br /> Despite the fact that I mostly have a negative attitude to this film, I, nevertheless, cherish them. I still remember an effective advertising campaign that scared me when I saw it as a child. And I have a video. The film could have been much larger if everything had been done right. Well...
