Creep is the story of Kate (Potente), an incredibly unlikely bourgeois bitch who somehow sleeps through the noise of the last underground train and wakes up to be locked up at a subway station. After a meeting with a partner and a potential abuser Guy in a mysterious train that runs after the lines are closed, things are not going well, and she is persecuted by what is hiding under the city streets. Her story is related to the story of George (Blackwood), a former prisoner working in the sewer system; they are found in the last third of the film, united by their attempts to escape from the monster stalking them. <br /> <br /> The pair goes through many more and more unlikely places; from the subway station, they finish the work on sewage treatment, and then find themselves in some abandoned underground surgery. Most metro stations do not have toilets, so how to do the operation is beyond my power. Naturally, the film tries to explain that there is no running water in the surgery. Still have electricity? This is just one of many discrepancies that contradict the atmosphere of everyday believability that the film is trying to create. <br /> <br /> The monster itself is the problem. His actions lack reason, he simply kills people for no apparent reason. And then, of course, some of them remain alive for no real reason, perhaps just so that they can eventually run away and give the film an extra 15 minutes or so to work. I understand that natural evil should be scary, but then the film tries to explain it with a photo of the doctor and his son and a few shots of some cans with babies, and yes, he is as tired and miserable as it sounds. He also cannot explain how the creature was underground long enough to lose the ability to speak, speaking only in the predator’s cries, but not long enough for his pair of shorts to break up. Hm <br /> <br /> This case of the doctors leads to a scene that is a desperate attempt by the film to capture itself in your memory, and although it’s awful and uncomfortable to look at, it’s just not enough. The last third of the film depends on emotional relationships that never existed, and the characters break down and recover for little or no obvious reason. George collapses, unable to cope with something, even though he says he wants to run away to see her daughter again, and Kate becomes emotionally tense for a second after having dealt with someone who tore her off . Yes. <br /> <br /> After the movie “It Can Happen to Anyone,” it quickly falls apart, bringing in ideas that make it more and more unreal. The complete lack of emotional interest in the characters and the lack of expectation make this avoided.
