Originally called The Changer. The Nostril Picker is a poorly constructed story about a loner named Joe Bukowski (Karl Shsinging) who “loves their young ones. Unable to communicate with the girls, he encounters a vagabond who teaches him special Vietnamese singing. This "singing" includes the whistle "The London Bridge Falls," while he jumps like the epileptic dancer Morris. However, Ugly Joe tries it and hey Presto! Now he is a girl. Ideally, he should be a young guy to attract girls. But let's not talk about ideals here - this film was shot in 1983 and released in 1993; in an ideal world, it NEVER should have been released. <br /> <br /> In the movie “Refuge with Movies,” this horror sounded like “numbness, the ham conveyed the story“ It's worse than that. Nostril Picker really takes a cookie, in fact, it's a damn jar of cookies. A terrible dialogue script created by dead actors, a ridiculous plot and a predictable turn. Just when things can't become more absurd, the story unfolds by its meaningless touch. For example, Joe decides to kill the girls, turning into herself. But I thought he wanted to be closer to him? dissatisfied with the fact that he killed Eggs, Joe also turns into a cannibal and eats some of his victims, of whom there were only about 3-4. <br /> <br /> The highlight of this horrible film is that Joe picks up a prostitute (Stephen Andrews) then took “her” back to his apartment. What happens next is beyond faith ... Joe turns into a man again, but also discovers that the prostitute is a man. How does he react? Well, in the spirit of Benny Hill, he drives "her" along flat with a bunch of dodgy dildo to stumble over a blown up doll. God knows what Patrick J. Mathews and Stephen Hodge thought about. At the very least, this scene paved the way for another priceless moment. This was due to the fact that the male prostitute reported the incident to a curly police officer with a 2-bit "police shop" uniform. A fun game is required. Especially the inability of a prostitute to say "dildo" and his demand for "satisfaction." <br /> <br /> In addition to the aforementioned incident, this monotonous slash click was a complete bore. You know, the movie is bad when the DVD trailers were more exciting. Usually, I would move to good points, only there weren't any. The main action sequences involved Joe, simply striking his victims repeatedly. Forget fast cuts, Matthews uses fading (alone during the beat scene) to limit any form of waiting that may already be. Non-interference of one girl in that her fingers chopped off is ridiculous. Usually I would have enjoyed the words "uncut", but in this case they were far from a blessing. Just more painful cinematic torture. The whole film was like the unedited episode of Kills in the Summer, only less interesting. I would not like to see an abbreviated version. <br /> <br /> To summarize, the nostril collector is the most uninteresting thing I have seen since the time of the 5-hour show of Richard Hammond. Gloomy performances are compounded by a terrible tin soundtrack and poor duplication. Do not be fooled by the label of the box, this is NOT a cult classic, unless it is suitable for the let-use-shitty-horror-dvds-for-coffee-coasters cult. Which I think it does. Unless edited to 30 minutes, stay away from this mess causing coma.
