Sometimes there is a film that is unique. Nostril Picker is one of these films, Nostril Picker is unlike any other film I've ever seen, unfortunately for The Nostril Picker and myself, it is unique for reasons other than Directed by directors. Read on, and we hope that everything will become clear ... The collector of nostrils, as is usually known, although it was shot under the name “Changer”, begins with very boring pictures of an American city somewhere, streets and factories, and the like. how the initial credits play. When the Nozdry collector begins, we, the viewer, get acquainted with a real loser named Joe Bukowski (Karl Zschering), who is over 40, he lives in a small crappy apartment, where he watches TV, eats tasteful dog food and listens to old vinyl records when he dances with a rubber sex doll. Joe loves a teenage girl, he has various porn magazines, but he has the real thing even more. However, being an ugly bastard, Joe cannot seduce young ladies to go with him or do something else with him in this regard. One fateful day, an old homeless Vietnamese veterinarian (Horace Grimm) sees the agony and pain through which Joe must pass (in fact, he sees the police talking to Joe to torment a teenage girl) and decides to help him. He tells Joe about the spell, which he learned from the "freaks" in Vietnam, who will turn Joe's appearance into everything he likes. He calls this process morphosynthesis, but at the same time warns Joe that "it drives you crazy if you do it too much." That night, Joe decides to try it in a public place on the podium for some reason. Joe says a few words, dances very silly and starts yodi. Joe ends up whistling "London Bridge Falls", listen, yes, I also do not invent it. At first, Joe is clearly disappointed when nothing substantial happens. To console himself, Joe tries to buy porn magnum, but is shocked when the clerk (Kevin Devoy) refuses to sell him to a minor. Joe, the bright spark that he is, understands what happened, and says that his / her way out of her, claiming that his / her father sent him / her to buy it. Joe, who now calls his alter-ego Josephine (Ann Flood), feels the possibilities and heads straight to the local high school. Joe is friends with four teenage girls: Jennifer Armstrong (Laura Cummings), Chrisy Stroud (Gail Didia), Tracy Harper (Heidi M. Gregg) and Brenda Kirn (Aimee Molinaro), under the mask, and Joe can become a student at school. school, just asking sports teacher Miss Van Dyke (Vicky Hollis). At first, Joe seems harmless enough, he just likes to walk around women's toilets and the like. But soon everything changes, as Joe brutally kills Brenda. Jennifer's father, Vince Armstrong (Edward Tanner) is a detective, so along with his partner Ed Simpson (Clyde Surrell) and Walt Spencer (Bruce Alden) the pathologist is determined to catch the patient responsible for killing his daughter's friends, but will they succeed before strikes again? The IMDb list for Nostril Picker is wrong, I watched it just a few hours ago, and it clearly stated that it was directed by Mark Nowitzki, who was also a co-producer, and definitely not Patrick J. Matthews, who is credited as co-producer and cinematographer, not so it would be of great importance, and I would think that Nowitzki would be more than happy if Matthews took the “credit” for creating this shit. No one involved in the creation of "Nozdry", should not go again anywhere near the camera. Nostril Picker is one of the worst movies I've ever seen, and it says something. It is absolutely horrible in all possible directions. Stephen Hodge's script is terrible, there is no narrative structure, excitement, tension, drama, character development, and what is happening is so mind-blowingly stupid that it is not true. Story devices and a chain of events in The Nostril Picker completely incomprehensible. The scene where Joe finds out that the prostitute (Stephen Andrews) he hired is actually a man, and Joe starts chasing him around the apartment with two squirting dildos, it's just a jaw. The next scene, when the transvestite reports this incident to the police, is ridiculously written and made me laugh at the dialogue. I also hated the final, it was not only predictable, but left the door open to continue, I was mentally shaken by one thought! On the technical level, “Nozdrya” is a terrible, pinpoint and reliable photo, soft and inappropriate music, unforgettable places, poorly edited (Brenda is killed in the kitchen, but her blood splashes onto the TV screen, which was clearly in the opposite room), some of the worst acting The composition I encountered is very impressive special effects, which consist of several cut off rubber fingers, a cut throat and a quick scene where Joe eats some meat. Not surprisingly, the actors and film crews who worked on Nostriller have virtually no IMDb points for anything before or after. Even in more than 76 minutes, the Nostril Picker is very long and very boring. I could go on and on all day about how bad the Nostril Picker is, I really could. One thing I can't understand is whether all this was intentionally the creators of the film? Nostril Picker is a truly unique film, unique in its horror and incompetence. In the case of The Nostril Picker, I hope that it will also remain unique, saying that it is still not the worst film I've ever seen, but it’s close, that's for sure. Definitely to avoid.
