The character of Tarzan has undergone so many cliches and such a bad interpretation that those who hope for a different version (I mean people like me loved Tarzan’s books as a child and always wanted a version of the film that followed the books a little) should know how are the latest versions. Some IMDb reviews address this issue, but here are my $ .02 <br /> <br /> I only know two Tarzan pictures in the movie, namely Greystock with Christopher Lambert and Disney animation. a version in which they try to portray a rather interesting character by Edgar Rice Burrow (the son of a failed English noble couple, who after their death was picked up by a tribe of monkeys, which educates him as one of himself and who becomes the "lord of the jungle" because of his superior human intelligence before returning to England and claiming a different identity) rather than the usual Hollywood jungle man, whose origin is unclear, and whose trademarks are his famous cry, his The inability to speak correct English, despite the long-term impact of knowing the language, its habit of swinging on the vines, its strength, heroism, etc. The only thing that unites these two characters is the name Tarzan and the fact that they both have wife named jane. The TV version of Ron Ely is a bit of a compromise: like Burroughs’s character, he speaks good English and is adept at it and courteous in both cultures, like James Bondish, but he is not Lord Greystoke and Jane. <br /> <br /> Well, this film is in the third category of Tarzan films, and I hope that it will remain a category of one, because it is terrible. This category uses symbol as a means for, all things, soft porn. Jane, played by the legendary bad actress Bo Derek, in Africa is looking for her father, a scattered professor who is combing the jungle in search of something that is never indicated. Although her father was supposed to go missing for a long time, she easily finds him. Richard Harris like dad is the best thing here; he sees that the film is stupid, so he cheerfully replays and humming that reminds me of the intentionally stupid performance of Peter O'Toole in the movie “What's new, pussy”. Pope explains the legend of Tarzana (“some ghost or spirit” that he says - either stealing or recklessly trying to honor King Kong) to his daughter, who is currently unfamiliar with ape-man, Soon after that we hear the notorious Tarzan's cliche. Dad dies, which, oddly enough, is not very worried about his devoted daughter. And then ..... <br /> <br /> Then Tarzan appears, but says nothing. Indeed, he says nothing during the entire film. He and Jane fall in love with each other, and they carry almost nothing, and she tells the love poetry of a dog over the scenes. The end. This is the plot. <br /> <br /> Well, not really; there is also a scene where Tarzan is unrealistically fighting a boa from a boa - the most unusual boa, as it is the only poison that has ever been seen. Jane treats the bite with the help of a chimpanzee who squeezes out the clothes she tears off to bind the wound (I don’t think of it!), And this is just one of many excuses for her to take her clothes off. <br /> <br /> I would always like to complete the review by saying something positive, but this time it is difficult. We'll see ... well, it’s not fair to criticize this film for showing an orangutan, although we all know that orangutans do not live in Africa; after all, all classic Tarzan films used Indian elephants, right? In addition, you must admit that Bo Derek is good in face and form. (But in that case, why the hell did she just not make a career as an art model? What does that say about the film when it gets pretty boring to look at a pretty woman? I really haven't decided whether this is positive or negative. that they never showed her crotch.) But now I understand: I try, as I can, I can not finish on a positive note. <br /> <br /> Watch this movie if you are a bad movie buff. I'm here.
