Bo Derek could have made a career if she had not allowed her late husband, John, to become its director. This is a real shame, though, with the right direction and the right part (see “10”), Bo was fine. She won no awards even at her best, but she’s no worse than many actresses who have been successful in the last 15 years or so, based solely on her appearance. But that was the problem, John was determined to ride the wave that Bo had created with her appearance at the age of 10, when Bo was the “perfect ten,” “the hottest woman in America”, “sex symbol of the 1980s”. The problem is that in the hands of John, this wave broke with a loud bang in just a few years. Perhaps he knew her limitations as an actress, perhaps that is why he created films for her that focused on her body, and not on her acting skills. But it is very quickly outdated. It doesn't matter that the films of John and Bo Derek (let's be honest) are really, very bad. And badly summarizes their view of the literary icon of Edgar Rice Burrow, Lord of the Jungle, Tarzan of the Apes. <br /> <br /> Do you know what's worse? This movie is boring! Make me laugh, make me cry, just don't bother me. Even the amazing appearance and figure of Bo can not cause interest, and this, of course, the film. Richard Harris (God bless his soul, by the way, he and Bo were previously in Orca, by the way) makes it at least a little interesting, and Miles O'Keefe makes a physically impressive Tarzan. Maybe he laughed the last, after the critics of the film hit a ton of poison, Miles continued his solid career as an icon of the film “B”, in films that were not great art, but a million times more fun. But besides that, this is Bo's body, and you can only see it so many times before you want to do something else. Monkey Man Tarzan has nothing more. John Derek was really a dynamic actor, he was not a director. He had to stay with his strength. This film takes place at a staggeringly slow pace, and nothing happens in the battle scenes. Tarzan Burrough is the excitement and fulfillment of desires (who would not want to be as agile, strong and beautiful as Lord Greystok?) And have fun! You will not get any of this here. Take a look, and you will waste 107 minutes of your life. If you think about it, you can learn a valuable lesson about how not to cope with someone’s movie career. <br /> <br /> Bo Derek is all right in my book. She stood next to John before his dying day, sincerely loved animals and nature, and even giggled, looking at her time in the spotlight. She also proved that she is not a dumb blonde, and many want her to expose her. If she can survive Tarzana and Bolero, she will be able to survive anything. So come back, Bo, all is forgiven. <br /> <br /> And besides, Steve Strong, who plays the bad guy, is that Steve Strong, who is a short professional fight?
