This is a rethinking of Tarzan in the epoch of Soloflex and Apocalypse now. There is nothing wrong with using films to remove moral restrictions in order to portray the erotic side of the legend of Tarzan. There is nothing initially wrong with the assumption that Tarzan does not speak. There are many wrong assumptions that a woman, who may end up in the African jungle in 1910, can be so insulting and plastic. Bo has as few lines as possible when bodies are being explored, because this film is just a video center, as neutral as possible, so that you can project yourself and your depraved fantasies into a project. If it succeeds somewhere, it means that National Geographic influenced how images of Tarzan’s film can be built. <br /> <br /> It would be absurd to argue that films should not use sexual teasing as the ONE of many tools to attract viewers. Some really great moments of the film include this. But this movement at the opposite end of the spectrum — teasing — is the only thing happening here; at the time of its release and now. You are sitting in horrible, stupid scenes that are of no interest, and a few kilometers of footage of bad behavior to drool over the next look at either of the two bodies. Yes ... B Derek and Miles O'Keefe are beautiful (um, congratulations on working libido.), But if this is your excuse for the fact that you have to visit the porn store and stock up on this good rating. The difference between these two formats is only in width, and (I just guess here) the excited viewer will probably really like the latter. The question is whether popular cinema is the best place on the market for viewers to look for products that satisfy only lust. <br /> <br /> As a showman, John Derek successfully benefited from sexual mysticism, developed over the wife of Bo in the movie "10"; and created a media event from a small project, the only merit of which was the hotness of the two leads. The film itself was not in the subject. He was about 20 years ahead of his time, thinking that the audience would applaud him for making a tasteless, shallow film dedicated only to show superficiality. <br /> <br /> As a director, John Derek only requires that Mrs. Derek look pleasant, empty and hunchbacked in every scene. This is a terrible shot. The location of the camera is annoying. In terms of editing, the entire 'wipe' directory is exhausted. The credit sequence is bright. And this is the question of who makes the worst screen violation; Bo Derek, who is so stupid that he can't even understand how to play it, or Richard Harris, who screams every line (as he likes) until you want to shoot him. At least with Bo, you can imagine that she blames some lascivious writer for framing her.
