Undoubtedly, one of the worst tips of a classic in the history of cinema - especially after the promise of its slogan "The most beautiful woman of our time in the most erotic adventure of all time" is not even properly exploited! Although this film was regularly shown on TV in my neck of the forest from the time of my childhood, its fame (because of its awfulness, not erotic content, notice you) kept me away from it until now - and I only relented because I recently liked the Bo Derek movie. previous film, 10 (1979), and watched a lot of fantastic things during the Christmas period. <br /> <br /> Lead actress / producer Bo Derek quite funny plays a sexually innocent schoolgirl (witness an incompetent banana scene) and, as one would expect, she is forced to take off her clothes several times, but, no matter how cool these scenes are, in 10 years she has come out much more sensual than she is here; Richard Harris, therefore, continually chews on the situation like a possessed explorer father, Jane, but John Philip Lowe is hardly registered as his assistant, who meekly shows some initial interest in Jane herself; rookie Miles O'Keefe has the main role, and he makes his entrance only after 45 minutes in the film, he is completely silent except for his famous yodel (which is probably in any case filmed with Johnny Weissmuller!) and, moreover, inexpressive, as one tree with which it hangs down at regular intervals in the second half of the film! for reference, he later starred in two ATOR films (or potential imitators of Conan) for Joe D'Amato and the recruitment of King Arthur’s era, SWORD OF THE VALIANT (1984). <br /> <br /> When still an actor, director John Derek (who is also his own cinematographer) worked with some good directors (Cecil B. De Mille, William Diterle and Robert Rossen) and several great directors (Otto Preminger, Nicholas Ray and Don). Siegel), but he clearly learned from them zilch, as his leadership in this matter is the main duty: sometimes terribly pretentious (witness a completely horrible sequence of attacks on pythons) with the senseless excessive use of slow motion techniques and raw transitions; It was Derek's seventh film as a director (and his second of four films with his wife, Bo), and in the end, he gets only two films. <br /> <br /> The complete failure of the film should be judged only by the fact that the legend of Tarzana was again shot in the film - in “Greystoke”: “The Legend of Tarzan, the Lord of the Apes” (which, surprisingly, I haven’t watching myself) - just three years later !! Nominated for six Razzie Awards (including John Derek, Richard Harris and Miles O'Keeffe) and won for Bo Derek herself, TARZAN, THE APE MAN was co-written with Gary Goddard, the future director of another highly anticipated, but ultimately disappointing transfer to the silver screen (this time animated) of the heroic figure of MASTER OF UNIVERSE (1987), to which I will also return now (hurray)! Despite the charming final credit sequence, showing that Tarzan and Jane are playing with an orangutan and a musical score, which is actually not so bad, and some overdue good intentions fail because of the extremely stupid climax when the Aborigines are completely draw bo. white and, which is fatal, John Derek's apparent disinterest in the character of Tarzan himself, which is why he becomes an unimportant secondary character in his own eponymous film !!
