This is a big tragedy that Richard Harris and John Derek are no longer with us. But this should not dazzle anyone with the fact that in 1981 a rather ugly spot appeared on both men's resumes. Without a doubt, John Derek conceived this film, doing for his wife what “Some Like It Hot” and “One Million Years BC” did for Marilyn Monroe and Raquel Welch respectively, creating a cult sex symbol for the new decade. Running to embrace Dudley Moore on the beach in Bo's '10' reputation, star cast and filming in Sri Lanka meant that nothing could go wrong. Alas, as they say, the plan of Mortals and God laughs. It is said that when this film was first shown in 1981, the estate of Edgar Rice Burroughs tried to sue him. Beau Derek plays Jane Parker, who travels to Africa at the turn of the century to reunite with her drunken, abusive father Richard Harris. Papa Parker is a researcher who intended to find the “Great Inner Sea” in the material of a local legend, whose existence is overshadowed by conventional wisdom. Harris should look at the surprisingly boorish performance in the tank, which includes singing an Irish song on an Indian elephant who somehow got to Africa (did he arrive at the same time as the Sumatra orangutane ???) that Parker despises, Bo’s and Rich’s relationships are terribly incestuous, which may indicate the effects of tropical heat. Soon, however, local legends begin to circulate about the "Great White Monkey," and Jane hears the famous Yodel. This is a replica of the film for Miles O'Keefe, the future star of B-Movie, debuting as the jungle Lord of the back. Unlike Johnny Weismouller with his pigeon English or Ron Eli, who speaks fluently this language, O'Keefe Tarzan is mute. However, given some of the dialogue between Bo and Richie, this is probably not bad. Harris and his caravan eventually reach the Great Inland Sea, located on a giant plateau that seems to run halfway through Africa ... are seas, lakes and other water places usually located in low-lying areas? No matter, this is just one of many anomalies in the John Derek universe. The crew tries to climb the cliffs, and when the ropes break, Harris roars, repeating the abuse of the unfortunate men who have fallen sharply to death. Another time, Jane decides to swim in the Inland Sea, giving another reason to see some unwarranted nudity. From nowhere a lone male appears. Now lions usually travel in pride and never walk near the beaches, but later Tarzan will fight with the (poisonous) boa boa. Zoology does not seem to have been one of John Derek's strengths ..... In this film, Tarzan Jane is captivated by the Jungle Lord and decides to take his virginity. But, having seen its closeness with some of these chimpanzees, you have to wonder ... Speaking of this, it's not just Edgar Rice Burroughs property. It is very likely that some primates talked on the phone with their lawyers: chimpanzees make you miss Chita a lot. Especially when they do funny things, for example, riding on the backs of elephants and clapping their hands when Tarzan and Jane finally put it on! The culmination of this film is Bo and Harris, captured by some rather stereotypical cannibals who paint our heroine and prepare to sacrifice / eat / execute her. Suffice it to say that the Great Wooden Monkey gets his girlfriend and * SPOILER * Harris gets a huge elephant tusk pierced! This does not prevent the dying Parker from delivering incoherent monologue to Jane. As far as I know, the trial of the Rice Burrows estate was never carried out, but the "Tarzan-man-monkey" was crucified at the box office (not kidding?) Sorry. John Derek could play "Tarzana Ape 2" with Bo Derek and Miles O'Keefe, living in domestic bliss, and Dudley Moore in the role of "Boy."
