I saw this movie on the story channel today (in 2006). First of all, I understand that this is not a documentary - it is a drama. But it is to be hoped that at least the critical “facts” that the story tells can be based on real events. Reagan was shot and the other characters were real people. The film got it right. From now on, the reliance on facts is quickly fading. I have never heard of this movie before I saw it. Being a television reporter during these events, I was stunned that I had never heard of the strange behavior of Secretary Haig, which Richard Dreyfuss portrays. The whole nation has heard that “I control ...”, etc., But Heig Dreyfussa intimidates the closed office and completely goes out of control personally. After watching the film, I began to explore this topic on the Internet and quickly found the real audio tapes and transcripts of most of the conversations in the Situation room that this film is trying to reproduce. Incredibly, many of the main "facts" of the film, intended to show the White House, the secret service, etc. In complete chaos - and the country's leadership behaves irrationally and leads the world to the brink of nuclear war - is clearly wrong. They were not there! Of course, there is an internal conflict. Haig makes mistakes, his press room is historically regrettable, and he is "difficult." But nothing comes close to the scenes depicted in the film. Enumerate too many blunders, but any fair comparison of recorded and written recordings and the fantasy of this film begs the question of what the producers actually tried to achieve. Enlighten? To report? Entertain? I believe they failed on all three fronts. It is difficult to attribute motives to others, but one must seriously doubt what was behind such a shameless invention. And as for the subsequent documentary film of my “Favorite Channel” “The Historical Channel”, there was almost no mention of the problems that were the focus of the film, namely, events in the Administration on the day of filming. Thus, the viewer had to investigate those who did not have much - if at all - - help from the network.
