This 1970s television production, starring Suzanne York and George S. Scott, is another proof of how difficult it is to present Jane Eyre on screen, and how much can go wrong. It’s true that the movie suffered while transferring to DVD - some scenes that were finished in the original were cut and so badly edited that there were amazing gaps in continuity and that even one important scene between Jane and Rochester begins in the middle of a sentence! But even if editing was better, the film would not be. The scenario is bad, the image of the characters is not true, and almost all the actors are wrong. As a result, the person in general has no feeling that he is watching a film adaptation of the novel by Charlotte Bronte. The problem is not only that several scenes are shortened or omitted - this is the case with all short adaptations - but that the other scenes do not reflect the tone, spirit, atmosphere and concept of the novel at all. . <br /> <br /> For example, this Jane Eyre completely excludes Gateshead and begins with the arrival of Jane in Lovewood. Although this is perfectly normal, as some scenes need to be excluded, it is not clear that instead of using the time won (so to speak) and carefully depicting Jane's friendship with Helen, Helena's influence on Jane's development, in a lecture on Christian stoicism, which she teaches her, the film is almost exclusively devoted to physical abuse of Helen, which makes it extremely absurd in this adaptation. The fact that Elena has to endure is bad enough, as described in the novel, but here Miss Scatchard is portrayed as a kind of sadistic prison cell that deliberately wants to bring Elena to premature death. And this is about everything that happens in Lowood. If we compare this with the profound influence that the years spent in Loud have had on Jane in the novel, it is only regrettable that the film does not even touch the surface of this particular episode in Jane's life. And this is the problem of all this adaptation: it rushes from scene to scene, very often without a transition, and nowhere even approaches the essence of the novel. Dialogues are a strange mixture of fictional lines and lines from a novel that are very clumsily fused together, and the scenes between Jane and Rochester are so shortened that they both show together only 5 minutes on the screen before falling in love, and the little conversation they have is not contains nothing about the brilliance, intensity, and also the humor of the conversations between Rochester and Jane in the novel. But the author of the script not only admitted injustice towards the language of Bronte, but also managed to destroy its moral principles in one sentence. When Rochester and Jane go to Rochester's wife after a future wedding, Rochester says: “And yet I once loved her (his wife) as much as I love you now.” The whole moral concept of the novel depends on the fact that Rochester is indeed an innocent victim of an immoral scheme and is trapped in a marriage with an insane woman whom he never loved, and that his attempt to find a true life partner, if not sanctified by God and human law, still understandable and forgivable! But this one sentence completely undermines Bronte’s carefully thought out moral concept and turns Rochester into a dirty old man who wants a new young wife because he no longer needs his old one. <br /> <br /> Of errors Regarding the scenario of errors related to the casting: now I am by no means one of those who insist on the physical similarity of the actor to the literary figure he portrays, but without any imagination you can portray a cute , light, blue Suzanne York with a mouth full and the heroine of the novel. In addition, Mrs. York was in his thirties when the film was shot and watched. Played by her, the shy, restrained and inexperienced girl of the novel becomes a completely balanced, graceful and mature woman who is completely confident in herself and her deserts. I'm not saying that Suzanne York plays poorly and convincingly, but the woman she portrays is not Jane Eyre Bronte. To play George Scott as Rochester, he had to be motivated by the desire to have Rochester, who looked old enough to make a plausible difference at the age of 18 between Jane and Rochester. Scott looks like he is about 50, but in different scenes he looks like he is 70. <br /> <br /> To add to the "maturity" of the leading actors, all the passion, desire and despair seem to have been deliberately out of the script. The scene between Jane and Rochester after the wedding, the emotional climax of the novel, became a calm, rational conversation between two middle-aged people, at the end of which Rochester falls asleep. When Jane comes back to him in the last scene, he is just as happy as the grandfather, whom his beloved granddaughter had just visited at the house of his old men. The only character who displays the appropriate number of emotions is Saint John of all people. Jan Bannen plays him so passionately, and his passionate plea for love Jane is so touching that it seems that Bannen modeled his Saint John in the Rochester novel. But no matter how well Bannen was, his Saint John is as far from the novel as Jane York and Rochester Scott. The only distinguishing features of this very disappointing “Jane Eyre” are the locations and score, and I would recommend this setting only to those who want to see and compare each adaptation of the “Jane Eyre”.
