I saw this film at the Rotterdam Film Festival (January '06) and followed the discussion between the director and the public. Many people reacted shocked and protesting. He will receive many negative critics. But: the world is so cruel, and it is not funny. People don't like it. That in itself does not mean that the film is bad. I see the difference. Do not shoot the messenger who shows us the world outside our Hubble! However, I think this is a bad movie. The film is technically good. Good shots and script, great music, great actors. The director pretends to make a psychological film, but the psychology is of poor quality. Describing such powerful violence is not an art in itself. Art would be a powerful description of the psychological process behind this violence. How does a shy boy come to such cruelty? The director pretends to describe it, but there is nothing good about it. <br /> <br /> The director several times used the word “egoism” of people, mentioning, for example, a teacher. Only: this teacher was not selfish - just someone in several roles, caring for his students, and worried about his script. I think it’s an oversimplification to call him an egoist. The atmosphere in the village is terrible, and the mother made terrible mistakes (“did you terribly disappoint me?”), But I can’t believe that it hurts so much that the most shy boy comes to such terrible things. In fact, the reality is much more complicated than this film describes? and it needs much better descriptions. It would be interesting: how does it work? Describe this process for me, please, so that we understand. <br /> <br /> At the end, the written phrase said that the director points to an alternative lifestyle. It was the other extreme, and I confirmed that the director and screenwriter are bad psychologists who promote black / white thinking. The link between violence in films and in society has been proven. The use of such violence gives the responsibility for its correct use. There are enough black / white thinkers in the world, causing many wars and sufferings. I hope this movie will not be successful.
