Violence, real or not always, has an impact. In this film, the violence is as gross as you can ask. In the Great Delight, the director successfully demonstrated what the extremes of violence are capable of. But what was the point? Violence looks like a mix of Kubrick's "Irreversible" and "Clockwork Orange" ... both of which are great movies. Do not misunderstand me, I am not at all against violence on the screen, and I have seen some unpleasant things in the years of filming, but this film is in general completely underage. History never develops enough to suggest any reason for extreme violence, and the reason why we cite Robert’s death is his acquaintance with drugs. Danny Dyer plays a character who is partly responsible for the death of Robert caused by drugs, but he is on the screen less than 5 minutes. Leslie Manville - Robert, who is not able to cope with his mother, I am not sure that any of these actors makes such a low level movie. The action is wooden, the scene in the kitchen with the television chef and his wife, for example, is just as painful to watch, if not more than the shocking finale - who wrote these dialogues ?! Some of the comments the boys make ... "she seems to enjoy it," are so trivial that it is tempting to laugh if it were not for Clay's passionate desire to bombard us with painful images of disfigured female genitals. Why do we have to show such detail, perhaps up to the teenage obsession of a director with sadistic pornographic images ... you can only marvel at this young man's psychology. <br /> <br /> the “political meaning” of the film was repeatedly brought to our attention because of the number of scenes; In the bar, near the house of the TV man, in my opinion, the war in Iraq was too obvious. Yes, war is violent, social determinism is disappointing, we are all prone to appallingly violent acts, whether in politics or on the street. E. Combining all these things as part of the same main problem shies away from the real problem, which is the meaning of violence in a person. This is a problem that we have not yet been able to realize, and, of course, it is not in this film. <br /> <br /> My opinion: derivatives, poorly made and meaningless.
