I am always wary of dislike for the film. Look at it in a month, and you may see it differently, or dig it out after 50 years on another continent, and some followers of the cult will find something stylistically outstanding, which initially went unnoticed. After seeing “The Great Ecstasy” by Robert Carmichael at his British premiere, it did not surprise me that I later found the question and answer session more interesting than the film itself. Shane Danielsen (artistic director of the Edinburgh International Film Festival), who was assisted by the director and producer of the film, gave a vigorous defense of the film, which received a general negative response from the audience. The audience of the Edinburgh Festival is not just shocked. Only one person came out with disgust. Criticism of the film included very clear and constructive statements from the secular public, as well as an actor and a woman who teaches directors MA. It was not a shocking movie. There was a level of continuous sexual abuse, but far less extreme than in many films (most of the actual contact with the weapon was hidden, as were the excited genitalia). The audience didn’t like it, because they sat for two hours, which were pretty boring, where acting standards were low, where the plot was poor, predictable and stretched, and where they were clumsy and pretentious on the set of the film. the promise of scandalous video. The metaphors of the war in Iraq are far-fetched, overpriced and careless (except for a general hint of violence, any deeper meaning is unclear); and the reference to the “fig leaf” of the Marquis de Sade, as one of the spectators put it, seems just a symbolic justification for the lack of plot development for the final. <br /> <br /> We have a story of a teenager who spends a certain amount on him (he stands out in school with his musical abilities), but takes drugs and hangs out with young people who receive almost nothing for them and whose criminal activities extends to rape and violence. When he is pushed, Robert seems to have a lot of violence locked in him. <br /> <br /> The film is not completely useless. The audience must decide how Robert did this: was it the influence of his peers? Why all the good influences and care of parents and teachers could not include it in the best approach to life? Cinematically, is there a scene with an elaborate image in which it hangs (too much drugs, shyness, a hidden sense of morality, or just waiting for your turn?). Several of his friends raped a woman in the back room, partially glimpsed and framed in the center of the screen. In the foreground of an apartment with bare bones, a DJ is more concerned that the girl’s cries are interrupting his happy house music than any thoughts about a woman. In the end, he is a little annoyed if their actions attract the attention of the police. The sharp juxtaposition of serious enjoyment of the headphones with his music, even when he knows that rape is occurring, indicates his complete contempt in a deeply disturbing way. Robert drops his back to us in the foreground. <br /> <br /> But the rest of the film, including its supposedly controversial climax, associated with significant (if not too realistic) sexual abuse, does not meet this standard. Some people had a strong reaction to it (the stated intention of the filmmakers: “If they vomited, we succeeded in creating a reaction”), but mostly - and, as I can tell, the reaction of Edinburgh seems to reflect the messages from Cannes - they feel : “Why did programmers subject us to such poor filmmaking quality?” Director Clay Hugh can speak, but has no artistic vision. His answers on how to keep life in the mirror, to tell the truth about the things that are hidden under the carpet, even his defense, that there is no conspiracy development, because he did not want to make a standard Hollywood film - all of these are good answers to criticism, but , unfortunately, they do not relate to his film, nor do they hold a mirror in their hands when someone defecates, or wasting a film by playing clumsily with characters. Wanting to try to rid him of any lingering doubts, I talked to him a few minutes after the show, but found him as unpleasant as his film, and soon went to the bar to wash my mouth with something more substantial. There are many truths. One aspect of art is learning, the other is to entertain, the other is to inspire. I asked him if he had any social or political agenda, and he mentions Ken Loach (one of the many great names he chooses in vain), without going so far as to admit any agenda. Then he returns to his mantra that his job is to tell the truth. I still have the feeling that this was an overly ambitious project for a new director, or an insincere attempt to put myself on the map, prompting advertising for second-rate work <br /> <br /> Andy Warhol could draw a can of soup and that was art. Clay Hugh would like to emulate great directors who made controversial films and shifted boundaries. Unfortunately, his ability currently extends only to high-profile excuses for an advertising film.
