I'm not sure what brought me to the cinema to watch this movie, but a few minutes after it began, I wanted to leave the theater. For a while I hoped that at least this story would surprise me, but then I realized that it was a waste of time, there was simply nothing. I stayed only because I had another show after him. <br /> <br /> Design: Some of the projects were quite beautiful, mostly from the environment, but the characters were terrible both in terms of animation and design. They look great, for now - on posters and screenshots, but not when they have to come to life! They simply did not work, mainly because of the same mistake that most 3D companies make: it is technically very difficult to create truly natural materials in 3D that would make you feel that the character is alive. You need a lot of effort and knowledge (and therefore money) to create something that looks like hair, skin, fabric, etc. These characters in the film were made of “fabric”, and it simply did not work! Thus, they had this ugly cold sense of computer artificiality when the fabric is stretched or compressed like a piece of plastic. It was just that there was no sensation of the material from which the dolls were made (this is how these characters should have looked). I think it was a big mistake to choose this style for the characters. It was just the feel of a computer game in 3D. I don’t want to go to the cinema so that there is a computer game on my screen, I don’t know how you ... <br /> <br /> The animation was also a shame. I am a professional animator and was terribly disappointed with the low level of animation in "9." It was tough, boring, almost lacked imagination or mood. It was a bit higher than most ordinary 3D animations that I’ve seen, and it doesn’t add anything good to it ... <br /> <br /> And all — bad character design and bad animation can be solved with good story right ?! This was not the case here. In fact, the story was the worst in this film. It was below any level. It starts straight ahead, goes straight ahead and ends equally. There is no turning, no surprise, no good dialogues, not even development. We have heard and seen stories about cars that have overtaken humanity a thousand times, and “9” is only one of them, and we know how this ends in the very first minute of this film. The characters do not even have time to plunge into the story - they are just there, show themselves almost immediately, and immediately some of them begin to act, even without knowing what is happening. It just did not work. There are also many repetitive sequences of actions that looked as if they were created to fill the time of the lack of history ... <br /> <br /> Acting, voicing and a script - oh, damn it, what can I Tell me, it was sorry A bad story has a bad script, and besides conversations like “No, don't do it!” “I'll do it!” "But ... you can't do it alone!" "We can do it together!" "But there are rules!" "But we must save him!" etc., etc., etc., and repeating all the time, so that besides these terribly pathetic dialogues there were such nonstop “Aaa” and “Ooooh” and “Eooooh”, “Ooooohh”, “ Good luck "and" Run! "And" Oooh! " who followed almost every jump, run or fall of the characters, and it even sounded as if they were not synchronized or even rehearsed. <br /> <br /> Conclusion: bad game, bad animation, bad sound, bad story, bad script, bad characters, everything expected, no surprises, no twists, nothing. Only some good projects are not worth the time. BIG NO!
