I seriously can not believe that Tim Burton and Timur Bekmambetov, two people I LOVE, have signed a contract for the production of this shit. Tim Burton is a brilliant director, but, to be honest, I have long lost interest in him, as his last few films were either remakes or adaptations. He produced the awesome “Nightmare Before Christmas”, which I watched several times, and made films such as “Beetlejuice” and “Sleepy Hollow”, which are stunning films. Bekmambetov made 3 films that I LOVE: “Night Watch”, “Day Watch” and “Wanted”. I only saw three of them, but they prove that he is a terrific director. <br /> <br /> These two people gave one of the many reasons I was excited to see 9. Therefore, today I went to see it. in the theatre. I was so excited to finally see it. I waited for the release of the film for 7 months. <br /> <br /> In this film, I first came out of a film related to Tim Burton, and said: “I liked almost nothing.” I was heartbroken to even feel it. I mean that with him and the director Bekmambetov you would expect that this film would be a good time. Right now, I still can not understand how I was let down by this film. I did not even hear about the original short film before I saw it, but now I can say with confidence that this film should have remained short. Hell, Neil Blomkamp did an AWESOME full-length remake of "Live in Joburg" called "District 9", what was so hard to understand about 9? I really wanted to think that this movie was awesome. I really did. But no, it failed on many levels. <br /> <br /> The plot was extremely confusing and scattered. I had no idea what was going on, let alone what it was. This is mainly about a pile of rag doll robots trying to save the earth. Well, well, that's what I got from this. But the letter here is very bad. The whole film jumps like a six-year-old with A.D. telling a story. This big giant monster robot monster that wakes up, causing destruction and so on. This is the main villain. However, what else is wrong with this film is that EVERYTHING REMAINS NOTHING. There were too many robot monsters, most of which have no logical explanation. They have 0 developments in general. I mean, a flying monster that looks like a pterodactyl just breaks out of nowhere, we have no idea where it came from, and Aker expects us to find out what it is. What was even more retarded, this snake-like creature with hypnotizing eyes. I dare to convey this description out loud to someone else and expect him not to laugh. All 3 people I talked about laughed. Oh, and it wraps the victims and stitches them up in it. I DO NOT. KIDDING. <br /> <br /> The turn in the third act is the most belated aspect of the entire film. Thus, basically 9 returns to the room in which he woke up, finds this box with a hologram from a scientist in it for 9, and he tells him that the big robot of the terrible machine was designed to bring the robot’s life to the ground, but evil people used it for war, and this was supposed to help protect the earth, but then the scientist gave his life 9 so that she could help protect the world with this. And he ONLY GOES ONLY, GIVING MY LIFE 9. What about other robots? WHO GAVE THEM TO LIVE THEM ???????? This is a great example of a bad, hasty letter. There is only one thing with a device for capturing life, since the other 8 got a life ??????? Characters are not cute at all. They risk their lives for no reason. The only good character is 7. 6 annoyed me with his "GO TO THE SOURCE !!!!!! "Or" Can I stay here ...? "Questions. And what is the ending? Ugh. I'm glad that I'm not the only one who thinks that the final was a huge WTF moment. <br /> <br /> In this shell there is nothing but beautiful animation. Everything looks realistic and beautiful, I like the gloomy and depressing look of everything. However, beauty cannot save a good movie. <br /> <br /> Although it is true that this film is very cute, it is as good as cute and 9 crouches. I am sure that the fans of Burton will look in this cinema without a doubt, in fact, when his names and the names of Bekmambetov are thrown out on promo, people will flock to the theater to watch this movie. I know that I can do something important out of nothing, but watching this movie made me realize how much I hate films with incredible characters, a non-existent plot and just pure style over content. And this film is one of those films.
