First, this film is not a complete disaster. If you have never heard of the real story of Graham Parsons, this may seem like sensible entertainment. Johnny Knoxville cannot be criticized for his role in the role of Phil Kaufman - he looks pretty good at ease and down to earth, and you can root for his long-suffering man. Michael Shannon deserves respect for the same reasons, except that he is a hippie stoner. There are some nice stand-up comedy scenes - the hippie-hearse crashing into the door of the airport hanger stands out. But that’s where the good things end, and we are starting to see aspects that make this film really disappointing. The character of Robert Forster as Graham's actual father is such a shameful invention that it can spoil the whole movie. We all know that his real father committed suicide when he was young, and this would undoubtedly be compared with the life of Graham on the verge of a better director. Having Forster as his supposed real father, and not his stepfather, would be bad enough if it were not for the known difficulties that Graham faced with the man who actually flew away to pick up his body. It was assumed that his stepfather admitted that he had provided Graham's mother with alcohol when she was dying, and that this angered Graham when he later found out about it. In addition, a dispute as to where Graham’s body was buried would certainly be reason enough not to invent a benevolent fictional father who actually catches up with the duet and their hearse, but then allows them to continue burning. Whatever the truth about the man from whom Graham got the name Parsons, he certainly had no resemblance to the character of Forster here, and it is difficult to understand why this role was written. Then there is Christina Applegate in the role of a greedy chick (but, of course, very cute), who wants to return Graham's body so that she can start earning on his property. Her character and her acting do not exist, and the question arises why the director didn’t just go through the whole scene and turn on the lesbian scene between her and the chick, who plays Kaufman’s girlfriend (it wouldn’t have lowered the tone more). When you think about the ingredients that could be used in a good Parsons film, the shortcomings of this film are obvious. Country music is replaced by a young, polite, southern gentleman who was also a long-haired, drug-loving person, popular with women and ultimately self-destructive. Real events such as the door wreck hangers, the painted hearse and friends such as Keith Richards. Instead, we must fully focus on Kaufman’s contribution to Graham’s life. Kaufman is obviously still experiencing the cult status that he received for what he did (of course, he is a small cult). From the interview it is clear that he is delighted with the attention. Remember, this is the man who made the remark about the genitalia of the naked corpse of Graham Parsons when he was preparing to set fire to it. What he did was not an act of great loyalty, but a doped alcoholic adventure. Looking at Knoxville and the director in an interview, it also turns out a few things. Obviously, they do not have a real understanding of the life story of Graham, nor do they want to have it. They want a popular film about events that are notorious and insane. It was an amazing life with a strange ending. The fact that the end is the only thing covered in this film shows how limited the understanding of Graham Parsons the creators are.
