If you're a fan of the late Graham Parsons, then this film will definitely separate you! Partly a comedy, partly a road film, but basically this is a bad fiction of one of the strangest rock history stories. <br /> <br /> SPOILERS-- <br /> <br /> Basically, the story concerns a famous road by the name of Phil Kaufman (played by Johnny Knoxville), who “supposedly” made an agreement with the hero of cult rock / country / folk music by Graham Parsons, who said that when one of them died first (no matter what it was), the other was to take the dead person to the desert, or rather Joshua Three National Park in California, and set fire to the body ... to release spirit and become one with the earth and so on! Of course, to keep his word barely sober Kaufman, with the assistance of a self-hating buddy with a cabbage head, kills the body of the deceased Parsons, who was lethal overdose of the drug and began to boil over from the airport. Soon after, it turns out to be a perverse mix of fiction and truth, when the girlfriend of the late Parsons, Kaufman's girlfriend, Parsons’s stone-faced father, and a flock of police and other meaningless idiotic characters all try to beat the clock (so to speak) in an attempt to catch Kaufman and his friend before they get the chance to set Parsons on fire! <br /> <br /> Incompetent film direction, bad play and a flimsy tone in general are drowning in this film faster than Titanic. And not to mention the huge fact that this film does not even half tell the truth about the real events that have occurred. Accuracies that were supposed to replace inaccuracies, as far as I heard them, include: number 1. Parsons was married at the time of his death and even had a child, so what the hell was all that was with the girl? and harassment and whatnot?, number 2. Kaufman's buddy, who was intoxicated, was a famous willing participant (as opposed to what the film is trying to portray) in getting rid of Parsons's body, and finally number 3., real Graham Parsons' father died when he was just a boy, and it was Parson's stepfather (who, to be honest, cared less about Graham Parsons when he was still alive) in real life, who took care of the body after it was set on fire! In general, what probably worries me most about this film is that the real Phil Kaufman was actually to help with the facts of the story. And yet the film still became so untruthful and so bad that, frankly, it really amazes me! <br /> <br /> In addition, due to the mediocre aforementioned acting role in the film, its main character, played by ultracritical Johnny Knoxville (Phil Kaufman), is not only a bad actor, but in fact it seems that he was Sleeping for the most part of the film, and the rest of the pathetic actors for the most part either hysterical, killed by brains, or seem completely ignorant of what they actually do there! In general, if you like Johnny Knoxville or you really dig such bad ones, they are not even good clicks, then I believe that you can enjoy this movie! But if you are like me and are a fan of the late Graham Parsons, enjoy movies that try to tell the truth as much as they can, especially if they are based on real life stories, or you just like good movies, whether road films or fictional pieces of life, you will really hate this film and advise others to do the same. I obviously hated this film and wanted it to never be made, but since it was made, I would prefer it not to be like him, unfortunately! Maybe someday the real facts of this story will become a reality and turn into a truly great biographical film about the life of Graham Parsons ... not only about what happened to his body after his spirit left him. But until the time comes, all that we, as spectators, or fans of the late performer, is a sad waste of the film and all sorts of horrible memorial (a kind of) musical heritage, which, as we know, Gram Parsons left behind. It should also be noted that they did use the music of Parsons and some others in the film, but it’s not surprising that you will never hear enough to truly enjoy it even in the slightest. (Turkey-zero stars)
