From the questions and answers before and after, I can learn this: some Irishman wants to make a film. Nothing fancy, just any movie. So one night at a party, he hears some kind of ex-roadie telling him the classic knowledge of rock and roll; one about how the grave of Graham Parsons was stolen from LAX by his loyal assistant so that he could fulfill Parsons' wishes to be cremated in Joshua Three. Wow <br /> <br /> What a great idea for a movie! Rock and roll (well, yes, the country), grave robbery, shoots, friendship, 70th! I think we could get Johnny Knoxville from Jackass, because it's like a joke, and Knoxville also wants to make a movie. Why he must have thought that he had the next “jerk” on his hands! <br /> <br /> But this story is not so interesting ... we need something that Knoxville can fight with, like a psychotic girlfriend after her money! But Parsons was married at the time. This is normal, no one knows. In addition, we could get Christina Applegate. But what if the audience did not like the idea of ​​stealing the corpse. Well, we will make his father join the chase, but in the end we will give permission. But Parsons 'father committed suicide when he was 10 years old; in fact, his status as an orphan and a tragic childhood are key parts of Parsons' mythology. Mythology? We do the "Film!" This is a creative problem solving. <br /> <br /> This is an inconvenient experience for those who know at least a little or are interested in this subject. Applegate's presence doubles concussion. First, her invented character - a bitch from Beverly Hills before her time - she might as well have been walking through the entire film with a cell phone in her hand, and, second, what kind of person would Parsons be if Did he associate himself with such a harpy? The facts are not just distorted or omitted, but BACK. They could easily find the villain they wanted in Parsons STEPFather, who tried to take the body back to his home state, where the law would help him in separating a significant inheritance. <br /> <br /> And music, oh, oh music I love. The music has been hacked (the bridge of the song is here, the chorus is there), relegated to the background and, after all, awfully embraced by the most fashionable new indie band Starsailor. My girlfriend asked an unnecessary, but irresistible question after the film - was there anybody, a writer, producers, a director, really a fan of Graham Parson? Well no. In fact, he had never heard of Graham Parsons, but, of course, blah blah blah, I learned to love him, and here are some facts that I read in my biography online. Another guy vouched for Parsons' composure, saying that he and Keith Richards had stumbled over acid and wrote Wild Horses together, confusing a bunch of facts that were not related to the film either. Another person asked if it was morally doubtful to rewrite history when most people only know about this from this movie? Well, he had the real permission of Rowdy (they even planted him), and the estate of Parsons gave permission, and all the other people who received a salary said that it was great. <br /> <br /> But I was really surprised, and asked in the embarrassingly shaky voice of the really passionate geek Parsons, was it, if the film was made so cheap (million), didn’t they consider Gram Parsons ’original fan base as an audience? The director and writer seemed to think that he was nothing without fans, although I doubt that any reader of Mojo magazine, a fan of 70s country music, would agree. But a lot of Britons did it, I think, and they just did not care about space American music, or even knew that it exists. This is not just a truthful click of Parsons, it is not even in the right spirit - it does not even fit the legend. At the very least, it had to have the sentimentality of one of his songs. And many people would like to be told about this. <br /> <br /> I have to say that the film was well received from a group of stoned college students, not far from the slopes and in Johnny Knoxville. But if you're a Parsons fan, ignore the title, it's just a movie for Jackass fans.
