Raw Force is like an ultra-dirty and perverted version of Love Boat, with additional Kung Fu fights, insane cannibalistic monks, white slave trade, energetic zombies and a lot of lousy acting performances. Not surprisingly, this film was included in the recently released set of Grindhouse Experience 20 films. Here is everything exploitation fanatics are looking for, mixed in an absolutely incoherent and seemingly improvised script! Production values ​​are extremely poor, and the technical aspects are pitiful, but the amount of unwarranted violence and sex is difficult to describe. The film opens in a tropically sunny place called Warrior Island, where a squad of mocking monks resurrects the dead for no apparent reason, except to turn them into kung fu fighters. The monks also buy sex slaves from a mean-spirited businessman like Hitler, presumably because the female flesh gives them the necessary ability to increase their zombie army. Tourists on a passing cruise ship, including three martial arts fighters, a Los Angeles policeman and a whole bunch of amazing but not-so-pretty women, are being attacked by the thugs of a guy from Hitler because they were planning an excursion to Warrior Island. Their lifeboat still washes the island, and the monks challenge the survivors in battle tests with their zombies. Well, how does that sound for a crazy midnight horror movie? This is not the end, because Raw Power also has piranhas, wild boat orgies, Cameron Mitchell in another awkwardly leading role and exploiting the 70s duchess Camilla Keaton (“I spit on your Grave”) in a completely insignificant episodic roles There are a lot of poorly implemented blood, including ax slaughter and decapitation, Hammy's jokes and the romance of bad taste. The garbage value of this film will literally deprive you of speech. Naturally, the origin of evil monks remains unexplained, and they are not even punished for their dubious hobbies. Maybe that's why the film stops at “To Be Continued”, and not at “The End.” The sequel never came, unless it is so unclear that IMDb does not even list it.
