The scarecrow is located in the small American town of Emerald Grove, where the teacher and fellow students consider the high school student Lester Dwervik (Tim Young) to be a local botanist. The poor child suffers daily from humiliation, bullying, teasing and general respect, destroying the abuse from his peers. Unfortunately, he does not find much support at home, as his mother is a whore, and after Leicester annoys one of her boyfriends, he stalks him into a cornfield and strangles a poor child. However, something magical happens (no, the film does not suddenly become good), the spirit of Lester is transferred to the stuffed corn fields, which he then uses as a body to take revenge on those who tormented him and turned his life into hell ... <br /> <br /> Co-author, co-producer and director Emmanuel Etier, who, according to IMDb's credit rating list, also plays a role in the film as Mr. Duforque, although I don’t remember a single character with that name I suppose that anyone who finishes eventually looks at the IMDb pages for Scarecrow, probably already knows about its terrible reputation, and I must say that it is well deserved, because it is terrible. Scenario Itier, Bill Cunningham and Jason White uses the often told story about one of the losers of life, which is chosen and tortured without good reason to take revenge by supernatural means in the relatively straightforward film of a teenager slasher. We have seen all this before, before we saw frightening killers, we saw how faceless teenagers were killed one after another, we saw how one of the losers took revenge, we saw wise insane villains who joke when they kill before, and we saw as the incompetent small town of Sheriff made the situation even worse. The only real question that needs to be answered about Scarecrow is is it interesting to look at the level of a silly teenage slasher? The answer is loud, to be honest. The film has a terrible character, a terrible dialogue, an inconsistent and predictable story, it has stupid remarks, such as when a scarecrow kills someone with a shovel, which he asks: “Can you dig it up?” & The so-called end of the twist, which is directed to leave things open to continue is simply limping. The film is moving at a reasonable pace, but this is not so exciting, and killing can be forgotten. You know, I'm still trying to figure out how someone can be stabbed and killed with a stick of corn ... <br /> <br /> Director Itier doesn’t do a particularly good job, the murder scenes are poorly handled without any assemblies, which means that there will never be any tension, since within two seconds after the character is introduced they will be killed. In addition, I am not satisfied with the fact that the stuffed killer dude performs all these flips and somersaults in the air in scenes in which it is felt that they belong to The Matrix (1999) or some Japanese kung-fu game! To give him his due, a real mask of a stuffed animal looks really good, and it looks pretty cool, but there is little that can be done to it, except to spew out bad one-line players and spin a little. Don't you think that being tied to a wooden stake in the middle of corn served all day would be boring? I know that he is a deadly scarecrow, but I still say that he would be bored if he was stuck on a wooden stick all day! There is no nude nature, and there is nothing about blood, about which one could tell, there is a decapitation, someone has burned his face, someone is killed with a stick of corn, someone has a shovel in his throat, some sickles get stuck in people's heads , someone's heart is torn out, and someone's metal thing stuck in his neck, which comes out of his mouth. <br /> <br /> With an estimated budget of around $ 250,000, this appears to have been lifted in 8 days, well at least they didn’t waste time on unimportant things such as history and character development. Technically, this is very important, shoot and hope for the best. If you look at the guy on the floor who just broke his heart, you can clearly see that he is still breathing ... Sucks, the guy who played Lester's mom guy, wears the stupidest wig and fake mustache, that he played two roles in the film, and the creators had to disguise him, but they just ended up making him look ridiculous and not make me think about his accent ... <br /> <br /> Scarecrow has some funny moments The very fact of stuffed animals is a good creation with good special effects. make-up, but on the whole the film was made poorly, acted poorly, stupidly, too predictably and very stupidly. If you want to see the great killer stuffed, look Scarecrows (1988). Not to be confused with Jen Hackman and Al Pacino’s The Effigy (1973) or the upcoming horror movie Effigy (2008), which is currently in production. Scarecrow turned out to be quite popular on home video to create two more sequels, Scarecrow Slayer (2003) and Scarecrow Gone Wild (2004).
