Let's be honest? Al Gore no more REALY cares about the environment than most people care about contact with foot fungus. This is a hook! Make no mistake, Al Gore is a POLICY! Three years ago, he was dispersed / scored in his home state, accelerating at a speed of 70 miles per hour in an area of ​​55 miles per hour, driving NOT a hybrid, Yugo or even the GM subway, but LINCOL (if you prefer, search Google)! Or how about the fact that Mr. Gore and his buddies from Hollywood continue to use private jets to complain about the premiere of "Inconvenient Truth." So much to save, yes? In any case, in order to subjectively look at the “Inconvenient Truth” and discover the main fundamental flaw, it takes only a minute. While the film demonstrates many impressive scientists to tell viewers about the implications of the alleged “global warming,” there is not a single scientist who tells us the intended CAUSE of this. For example: I can take a hundred people to the parking lot, and they can point to a car that is not working correctly. BUT they can tell you with any degree of confidence WHY? Absolutely not! The second drawback, how accurate were the weather tools 100 years ago (the toilet was not invented yet)? What did they have, the June mistake in the matchbox? Hell, even 50-60 years ago? Consequently, how can we, with ANY degree of confidence, know that the planet “gets warmer” when the records of past years are very doubtful at best? Or is this person the only reason for this? The answer is: science is NEVER a consensus. Thirty years ago, Time magazine made a cover, proclaiming a “new ice age”. The truth is that any 6th grade natural science teacher who is well versed in earth sciences will tell you that volcanic eruptions, solar activity and El Niño are more associated with our eradication of changing climatic conditions than anticipated "global warming." Finally, what Al Gore cannot adequately consider is; Even if America decides to follow the global Gospel according to Allau and put into practice everything that he recommends, how can we get the rest of the world to follow their example when we can't even get them to agree on something as obvious as terrorism? Answer: Mr. Gore is wishful thinking, and you, being a former vice-president of the United States, know this! If the people who produced The Inconvenient Truth were really honest, they would call their film Al Gore Wants Attention. But what I really would like for someone to ask the former vice president about this; Why are the two largest polluters on the planet (AKA, China and India) EXPECTED from complying with the Kyoto agreements? In any case, I heard that the producers of A.I.T are working on their next film titled “Gnomes, Fairies and Elves: Our Endangered Friends”.
