The inconvenient Truth is as simplistic and demagogic as the dull litter created by the rabid and idiotic Republicans, it wanders along intangible lines until it tries to hide something, namely, that we all will die in a few hundred years, which already Indisputable, but who cares, people are selfish, destructive creatures, I, frankly, do not waste your time caring for human extinction. I just call it the "natural progression." Let the apocalypse begin, but in the meantime we must listen to the same arrogant, splitting politicians who offer a different “new society”, well, do not be fooled, we will still be controlled by the rich, those in power and the idiots who created disaster first. Nothing will ever change. <br /> <br /> Al Gore, whose hypocrisy is quite obvious in the film, as he is driven alone on a gas absorption machine using a computer for consumers, he also lives on huge acres of land in a rather large mansion the land itself was used for destructive erosion goals, including cattle, tobacco, pig (which is a trace of methane), and who knows what else, his wealth is based on exploitation, greed and his investments include many large companies in the world with controversial records. I do not think that this person has the right to lecture less fortunate, but his prestige is based on his opposition to another ridiculous political party, that is, everything, at the same time, he gives off the same rotten characteristics that make politics and politicians so terrifying. Does this Bozo live a comfortable life, and yet does he lecture to poor people in Africa about farming and burning techniques? He travels around the world in first-class seats on planes that spend fuel, uses computers placed in products in a documentary film, and yet he believes that this is all a “moral issue.” He is completely absorbed in his own deceived nightmares, he says he came to these conclusions because of the death of his sister (from cancer caused by tobacco, and the imminent death of his son from the car of all things). He fought against tobacco companies or proposed to ban cars because they are dangerous cars? NO. Everything should serve the "economy", so why is it not, the answer is no. <br /> <br /> His unsuccessful and grueling attempts at humanistic philosophy are disastrous, and all this while being filmed in the forest. or along a small river, avoiding stale life-affirming quotes. Well, Mr. Gore, why don't you try to live like ordinary people? He is a politician, simple and clear, he has a career invested in the structure of power. I have a question: why does he not concentrate on the powerful industrial countries of the Earth, which are to blame for most of the complications? He does not do this because it would be unwise for "investments, stocks and corporations." <br /> <br /> Al Gore reads monotonous lectures on this topic in a documentary film, namely to wealthy white people in the audience, who clap their hands, showing them graphical charts, numbers and percentages and speaking in a dreary tone that nobody without Harvard (under the control of the elite) education cannot understand from this, but he tells us that everything is going to hell. No kidding, but I think that he is unable to explain this problem precisely in the approach that capitalism has adopted for the planet, namely that it is a consumable material and a garbage dump. He never mentions how industrialization created these problems, he just wants to put soft bands on them, but not destroy the entire oppressive system. Obviously, he was spoiled, sent to schools for the elite, and possesses the same basic political temperament as any other stabbing, inconsistent impasse in Washington. Whoever does this propaganda, since it is no different from what the Republicans intended, meant only those goals that were directed by capitalist impulse. That is, someone will benefit, and, it seems, the "new green" politicians who support venture capital firms buying up hordes of land in an attempt to develop a "new utopian future" with the help of "new technologies." This is the same old story, Al Gore is a supporter of the elite structure, he actually believes that there is a “democracy” in the USA, which I consider to be very naive. If we do not pay salaries to oil companies, we will pay them to wind and solar companies. <br /> <br /> I think that the speech at the end was rather rancid, something like GW Bush would have leaked into the stupid masses, Gore talks about “people united for victory over communism” in the 1990s, that this has to do with global warming, absolutely nothing but trying to get low-minded emotions in people. At the same time, he did not understand that communism never existed in the world, systems in Europe and the USSR were just a tyrannical form of authoritarianism and capitalism, no less different than the one that controls the interests of the United States. Social ecology was not even mentioned here, which is indeed a parody. If you want to change the world, you need to get rid of outdated systems based on greed, exploitation and violence.
