Well, maybe the PC version of this game was impressive. May be. I just finished playing the PS2 version, and this is pretty much a mess. <br /> <br /> There are a couple of elements that are good or promising. I will mention them first because it will end quickly. Firstly, the idea of ​​a historical game like GTA is great. Gun was a historic GTA-like game, and unlike Mafia Gun was excellent. I would like to see the game established during the Mafia era made correctly. Further, the storyline is well written. The story makes sense, it has dramatic arcs, it uses an unusual device (most of the game has background) and it is interesting. Finally, some of the graphs - especially those used during the cut-scenes - are impressive. Mafia designers seem to have focused on making the graphics correct in places where GTA saved on these efforts, especially on characters. Unfortunately, in many other areas, the graphics seem to stink, and I would prefer to have a great gameplay than impressive looking characters. <br /> <br /> Gameplay is what lowers this title so low. First of all, the control and camera absolutely sucks. This should be the focus of game developers. You cannot release a game in which controls and / or camera suck. Firstly, there is no reason why a player’s character, Tom, cannot control the entire range of his movements with his left analog handle. If this is not absolutely necessary, and hardly ever will be, I hate the setting in which the left joystick moves the character in a “shooting” way, and the character can only be rotated using the right analog joystick. Here it is not only unnecessary, but makes most of the simplest actions a complex task. For example, Tom has to climb a couple of missions. But the game is designed so badly that you have to madly continue to manipulate the right analog joystick and camera, and then press L1 every time you need to get up, or Tom will go down instead. <br /> <br /> Next, I have never seen the worst combat system. The first problem is that you cannot automatically aim or capture any targets. At some point, the game seems to be telling you that you can use L2 or R2 to capture targets, but this never worked. Thus, to focus on any enemy, you must fight the stupid right analog stick and try to adjust both the orientation of the character and the camera, which tends to drift at the wrong angle or make Tom disappear all the time. By the time you are likely to be beaten or shot. <br /> <br /> Further, if you touch the enemy or almost touch it - and this will certainly take place for hand-to-hand combat. or when using a melee weapon, the combat system, which mainly consists of tapping or holding R1, is completely useless. Enemies can almost hit you in a bear hug, but you just can't move if you don't retreat. So close combat usually consists of you jerking your left analog stick, shouting at the character to leave, which will not do 50% of the time, and then press R1 as much as you can before the enemy gets too close again. . and makes R1 useless. And if, in the meantime, the enemy changes his angle of view on you, you will also struggle with the correct analog joystick in order to correctly orient your character and install the camera so that you can see anything. By that time, you are likely to be beaten or shot again, and the only option would be to try and push the character back again. My fights were often to make Tom run around the area like a comedy film, hoping that I would be able to win enough time to fight the analog joystick and take a couple of shots before being caught by AI again. So much for realistic fights. <br /> <br /> The same problems still exist when trying to fight weapons. If you touch someone, half the time the controller simply will not allow you to shoot, but they can still guess you are full of holes. In addition, there is no automatic aiming, and the aiming system is ridiculously sensitive, even with sensitivity set to zero in Options. Firefights are usually made up of the fact that you are hopelessly trying to aim or move away when the enemy puts you shot after shot. Fortunately or not, the damage seems to be recorded almost by accident. It can take from one to ten shots or more to incapacitate any character, and there is no rhyme or reason for this. You can take five shots to the enemy’s head and point-blank, and they will still shoot and hurt you. However, the game developers seemed to be more realistic than embedding returns into your aiming system, so after shots with a sufficiently powerful weapon, your goal will be reflected from the target, and you will have to fight it again. <Br /> <br /> As for the famous graphics, with the exception of characters and textures with which you are close, they are actually quite disappointing. The distance always seems mostly empty, and near the road there are often open spaces of flat colors and textures. The city was not very well designed. It is not diverse enough, and there are not many interesting things to see or do. Machines seem slow and difficult to control. They also all drive about the same. Some mentioned music, but it was rather inconspicuous. To this end, much better work could be done. In addition, as noted by many others, the load time is ridiculous and constant. They tend to last more than a minute, and they occur between and in the middle of everything - even races. <br /> <br /> Overall, the Mafia port for the PS2, at least, seems to be in a hurry. The game feels and plays like an incomplete hacker job.
