The acting in this film stinks. The plot does not make much sense, but from what I understand, it should be said about this scientist who develops the ability to turn people's personal belongings into tiny steel balls, which then break into their mouths and turn them into zombies (or blow their heads, whatever neither) And the effects are also lousy. Most of the film consists of bad music, the actors dance as bad as bad music, interspersed with lots of boring sex scenes. This should be one of the worst things ever done, but on the one hand. One of the elements of shear shine that makes the "Nightmare Weekend" stand out above all others. And this is a special quality - the presence of George. <br /> <br /> George is an attractive interface device between the scientist’s daughter, Jessica, and the home computer security system. With his green hair and nose, balding scalp and mouth in the shape of a heart, George is Jessica's guardian angel / confidant who asks for advice on how to meet guys in one of the most dramatic dialogues ever made on celluloid. With his monotonous synthesized voice, George tells Jessica what percentage of men prefer women in white dresses, and also that hitchhiking is the third best way to meet guys after discos and bars. Of course, little Jessica simply cannot stay away from trouble, forcing George to execute the “Emergency Program Code: Jessica's Defense”, which leads to the violent death of a potential assailant Jessica through one of the above-mentioned steel balls. <br /> Kubrick was a complete fool, thinking that he could give a computer personality using close-ups of red light. HAL was supposed to be introduced by our friend George, in order to better express sympathy for his possible demise. Light and sound show at the end of "close contact"? Not bad, but how much better would this film be if George Puppet were the first means of communication with aliens. Bishop, Data, R2 Kitchen appliances next to Almighty George! He may be in the film only 8 minutes out of 90, but do not be fooled. This show is dedicated to George. Even with such a limited amount of screen time, George joins a number of such vivid film characters as Hollywood Montrose, Madzhai, and Pappy from New Moon, like icons from American cinema. "George to the Apache" ?? you are my hero.
