I give this film 3 out of 10, because I watched millions of films, and I can clearly say what an intelligent film should look like with a breathtaking message. Definitely Broken is not one of those movies. I have to admit that the film made me think a lot, trying to figure out what all this was trying to bring, and, despite the explanations I read in previous comments, they seemed just an exaggeration, just to have myself in an intellectual league of people. The cover photo clearly shows that the broken one is the broken upper part of the face, which usually contains the brain. This is a clear message that as soon as this part of the body is broken, everything else will be deformed and lifeless. Thus, you start to wait for the characters of the film to show their defective sides, and this is not obvious in any of the scenes, because the film begins immediately without any familiarity with the characters and their lives. Although we see a father holding a rifle when his children try to surprise him, as if he knows that he has enemies, yet this is not a very strong key. If there were more clues in the film, one could say that this is truly a masterpiece. But although the film was so slow, at the same time it was empty, with no metaphorical scenes at all. And the reunion of the evil dad with the evil Gena at the end is strong disproving evidence of existential messages that some people have spoken about in other comments. In addition, if Gena really lives in the apartment, as her brother tells her at the end, then why is she angry? I can argue that I can disprove any theory about this film with so many questions that can lead to only one conclusion: this film is pretentious and a waste of time. Obviously, this shows that someone is trying to make something out of a meaningless secret that has no value. I am a big fan of horror films and especially slashers, which some people call popcorn movies. Horror movies should not transmit deep messages! They are supposed to reveal the beautiful mask of life and show you another dark side, which, in my opinion, is the most truthful. Horrible movies should have blood, screams, intensity, skeletons, organs of the body and parts. Because it is a real horror, and it never goes away from reality. I have watched almost all horror films and I can prove that each of them can be as real as the sunrise. Nothing is unreal as long as you think about it. For example, the horror film "The Train" with all its sharpness and intensity and its similarity in almost everything to "Hostel", he talks about a very real thing that illegally sells organs of the body, kidnapping people in other places where there is no one. will ask or search for them. <br /> <br /> And even if we considered “Broken” a film that has an existential message, it is still very poorly presented and least scary. I prefer the addiction message presented in “Requiem for a Dream”, which goes beyond addiction to emphasize the fact that any kind of addiction associated with sex, television, security / pampered, etc., can be so destructive that it scared me. And those who always criticize horror films for being meaningless and very commercial in nature are usually just a group of people who easily frighten and simply dislike this genre, but this does not mean that there are fans of such films and that they have a lot that You can offer the viewer from adrenaline shocks, ecstasy, leadership lessons (believe it or not!), entertainment, and, most importantly, face-to-face interviews with the essence of life, however ugly and scary it may be, death!
