If the myth about broken mirrors were true, then everyone who participated in this production now faces about 170 years of failure, because there are many mirrors here that break into small pieces. If only the script were as destructive as glass, then “Broken” would be a brilliant film. Now, unfortunately, this is just a long, derivative and boring film, containing just a few great ideas and memorable episodes. Sean Ellis made a very stylish and elegantly photographed film, but the story is dim, and the complete lack of logic and explanation is really frustrating. I entered into a discussion with a friend regarding the main concept and “meaning” of the film. He thinks that Alice found inspiration in an old legend claiming that finding your double was a premonition of how you would die. An interesting theory, but I am not familiar with this legend and can not find anything on the Internet about this. Personally, I just think that “Broken” is another variation on the topic “Invasion of the body thieves”, but without the intervention of aliens. "Broken" focuses on the American McVey family living in London, and especially on Jean. When a mirror spontaneously breaks during a birthday party, it causes a whole series of mysterious and seemingly supernatural events. Gina notices that she is driving by in a car, and follows her mirror reflection into a residential building. While she was driving home in a state of mental confusion, she got into a car accident and went to the hospital. When she is fired, Gina feels that her environment is changing. She no longer recognizes her boyfriend, and before her eyes flash strange fragments of the accident. Is she suffering from mental trauma caused by the accident, or is there a supernatural conspiracy around her? Writer / director Sean Ellis definitely evokes feelings of curiosity and indecision in his script, but unfortunately he cannot work them out properly. "Broken" is a truly atmospheric and stylish effort, but only after half an hour of the film you come to the painful conclusion that it will simply remain beautiful, but empty packaging. In this film, a lot of "fake" unknowns. This means an increase in tension through ominous music and creepy chamber angels, when absolutely nothing has happened so far. By the time the mysterious reality begins to act, these tricks no longer have any frightening effect on you. Some of my fellow reviewers here compare the film and, in particular, the style of Sean Ellis with the repertoire of David Lynch, Stanley Kubrick and even Alfred Hitchcock, but is it so, so ?? Too much honor. PS: what happened to this alternative spelling; one with scandinavian "ø"
