This film is pure, pure, pure boredom. I did not know anything about this before I entered the dark room, sat down at my place. I guess I was seduced by a mysterious and disturbing advertisement on a poster. In addition, Lena Headee is good and unusually sexy, and Richard Jenkins is always a reliable guy, so the actors seemed reasonable. Perhaps it was his name above the heading that convinced me to go with this, and not with something else. Instead, I should have gone to Valkyria a second time. <br /> <br /> Subtle plot revolves around Gina McVey of Headley, her boyfriend, her father, her sister, and her sister's husband, who are for some reason pursued. in a very lush and without the enthusiasm of their evil twins, who appear from the mirrors, which mysteriously break. Behind this idea there could be a great movie (not quite an original idea, notice, but still ...), and in fact, if the directors dropped the whole cast and just attached to the story of the character Hidi, I could made a reasonable 20 minute short. As such, he is desperately unmotivated, boring and terribly inconsistent. <br /> <br /> For example, in one scene a mirror breaks by itself in the room in which all the main characters live; they look puzzled, but quickly forget about it. In another scene, the mirror is broken in an empty room, and the double is visible when it “comes out” of the fragments left hanging on the wall. So why the first mirror broke, if there was no creeping creepy crawler? Just a little thrill? Too many scenes of characters in dimly lit London apartments looking in the corners, because they thought they heard something, but did not see anything and moved on. We begin to wonder why this evil twin really never wants to scare them? Scare the characters, and you have a chance to scare the audience. But we, the audience, should start threatening each other, in the darkness of the theater, if we want to have some kind of thrill during The Broken. By the way, as soon as we have spent time with these evil twins, we are completely stunned by why someone should be afraid of them - they just stand around, with empty looks on their faces, perhaps completely harmless after killing others. . <br /> <br /> There is a good mood and touches everywhere, and I dare say that director Sean Ellis could create a truly stylish and tense mystery film if he next hired a creative screenwriter.
