A couple of days after I wrote about how garbage, such as MAD COWS and THIS FILTHY EARTH, gets paid, while Anj, Duncan and Theo are completely ignored, I had to watch another British film * in which I scratched my head why he got a penny single. Some people may argue that since DEAD BABIES is based on a highly respected novel, it has a built-in market, but THIS DEEP EARTH and MAD COWS were also adapted from novels, and they were severely tested, to survive also <br /> <br /> I read a brief about Zor plot, where a bunch of highly slain sent to a remote house, where they pursue internet cult, but to be honest, it's not quite how the story falls apart, and all are expected on Friday 13th. Meet the Shinning will be bitterly disappointed, as heroes who use drugs and discuss sex have taken 90-95% of the time. And what hateful characters they are too. None of them is cute in any way, and in a few minutes you will experience nostalgia for Stalin, Mao and Pol Pot, hoping that the next time someone joins communist democracy, he will be able to create an egalitarian utopia. Anything that will signal the end of such a decadent bourgeois, meaningless, that the evil characters take on themselves in this film can only be welcomed. <br /> <br /> Not content with the fact that they give us a film where the plot is tortuous and the audience is not able to do it. connecting with the characters, the director continues to spoil everything further, becoming smarter and smarter. No doubt, this should impress us, so we will fall on our knees and shout: “Oh, God, what a wonderful director, how he confuses us with his highly artistic technique, and only useless pleb will not be able to appreciate what God has given this talent This Man is. "I am sure that the vast majority of people either shouted:" Why were my projects rejected, while shit like that? "Or" WTF was the last half hour of all this shit? "Could you protect the film by saying, that the original of the original of the novel was irreversible, and this makes the film inaccessible for observation. I agree that this film is inaccessible for viewing. <br /> <br /> * I know that IMDb views this film as an American film, but the style and flaws of DEAD BABIES are unique in British. Americans may think that they have problems with Bush, but we have Tony Blair, not to mention DEAD BABIES, MAD COWS and THIS DEEP EARTH. No wonder everyone in the 21st century is embarrassed to be British
