This film can be used in the lessons of the film as part of the course “How not to write a script for B-Movie”. The B-film has its limitations: the budget is limited, the time is precious (the effigy, apparently, was shot in 8 days), and the actors are often green and inexperienced. One aspect that you have complete control over is writing the best script that you can within the limits set before you. The Scarecrow script seems to have been written in a drunken haze. I could look at about fifteen examples of meaningless scenarios of this film, but I will mention only one: The grave digger. The character of the grave-digger is introduced at about the hour of the movie. Apparently, he has nothing to do with the other characters already present in the film. He is shown with his daughter, who also has nothing to do with anyone else in the film. The grave digger is given a couple of scenes to act casually, and then killed to supplement the body count. Why give a grave digger a daughter? Why give a daughter to a guy? Why represent them so late in the film? Why not try to make them part of an ongoing storyline? Scarecrow does not seem to care. <br /> <br /> “The Story” of the Scarecrow looks like this: Lester is a high school student (played by an actor whom I would like to see at his early age). 30s), which is chosen by other children. He is an artist who paints birds and is in love with a classmate named Judy. His mother is a lush and urban whore. One of her lewd guys makes fun of his drawings (calling him "fagot" for drawing birds instead of "monsters and cowboys." If you have a high school student still painting cowboys, I think he is more likely to be gay than a student high school, which draws a raven), and then kills Lester in a cornfield under a title effigy. Magically, the soul of Lester goes into a scarecrow. Somehow, this transfer transforms the soul of Lester from the artist’s soul into the soul of a magician (I know that in some of the reviews the scarecrow was called a stuffed kung-fu. The culmination of the film). Then the scarecrow kills those who torment him, those who smoke marijuana in a cornfield, those who dig graves, boyfriends of gravesite daughters, almost everyone who appeared on the set. <br /> <br /> The bonus feature on the DVD should be mentioned. The director (Frenchman) makes an improvised version of rap music, admits that he likes not having heads on the set, so that he can fool around with his wife while working and gives a quote to live (and I paraphrase): “Life is a bitch, but she has a great ass "<br /> <br /> The amount of beer I drank while watching this movie: 5 Did it help: you don't need any amount of beer to enjoy this movie: everything you need to get into drunk light level.
