Over the past 20 years, most British films talk about how terrible poverty is in the UK and how our young people have no chance of a good life while they live on the evil streets of British cities. The British film industry is obsessed with the idea of ​​"broken Britain." Trainspotting is England, Kidultid, Football Factory, Kes and From London to Brighton. <br /> <br /> Bullet Boy is another British film added to this list. The main character expresses a desire to go straight, but he still insists on hanging out with dead blows that carry weapons and fight gang members for nothing. I was never convinced that he wanted to go straight, because nothing prevented him from pursuing an education or a profession. In fact, it would be a breath of fresh air if he went straight and we had a character who changed his life. Instead, he spends time helping his friend try to commit a murder. I had no sympathy when, at the end of the film, another teenager shot him, as expected, which is sad, because at the beginning of the film I really liked the whole family and their desire for success. I believe that the creators have missed a great chance to show the world that success belongs to those who truly strive for it (for example, in the pursuit of happiness). <br /> <br /> I know that the purpose of this film was to try to draw a realistic picture of what life is like for black teenagers living in British working-class districts, but don't we have enough films in the UK? with the same plot? Is it not time for these talented producers and writers to give the British youth something to strive for and show that a better life is not far off? <br /> <br /> I applaud the creators of Bullet Boy for not loading the film completely about senseless violence to try and succeed with shock factors (such as Kidulthood, Football Factory), but at the same time The film is nothing new in the long list of British films that are really boring and depressing to watch. There is no happy ending to this film or to any other I have mentioned.
