One of the five worst films I've ever watched. And I do not exaggerate. In fact, I recommend watching it so that you can experience the same sense of distrust as Showgirls viewers do. <br /> <br /> Of the 400 votes, the film receives a user rating of 5.3 / 10. But there is a disproportionately large number of voters who gave it a 10/10, perhaps because of the message of the film - nuclear weapons - the curse of humanity. Chuck Murdoch is a minor league pitcher who throws baseball because there are nuclear weapons. Soon "Amazing Grace" Smith - Boston Celtic from all the stars, who is inspired by the story of Chuck and throws basketball. Soon, all sports leagues from professional level to college, from high school to small league, break up in worldwide protest. Later, all the children of the world will go on strike with silence. This inspires the president of the United States to meet with the Soviet prime minister, who will agree in time to eliminate all nuclear weapons in time for the start of the next Minor League season. The film ends with Chuck about to throw out the first step, and the president tells his new best friend Chuck not to worry about crossing out every test, as he has not thrown a baseball for a year. <br /> <br /> Somewhere along the line the infamous boss of the underworld kills Amazing Grace. When the president finds out, he is told that the FBI can verify the killer, but can never prove it. Thus, the president calls the head of the underworld (“But he is alone,” “I don’t care, put him in line”) and tells him that he must resign from all the councils of the companies on which he sits and sell all the shares which he is. And so as not to go beyond. <br /> <br /> To be honest, this film was so disgusting that I could not turn it off. It was on TV from 2:30 to 4:00, and I watched it all. I was not turned off by propaganda against nuclear weapons. I was turned off by the implausible destruction of all organized sports. I do not even understand why "Amazing Grace" Smith was killed. And when all these famous athletes became Chuck's friends, why the father was constantly upset because his son was taking a principled position. And near the end, there was a cliché when dad told Chuck: “I never told you this, but I'm proud of you.” Cue hug.
