It’s a real shame that almost no one under the age of 30 knows the “excessive” writing of articles about Michael O'Donoghue’s magazine and the SNL parodies that were brilliant at that time ... and therefore it’s a shame that anyone who Take the opportunity to explore his work, without a doubt, take the easy way out and watch the video, bringing them to MR MIKES MONDO VIDEO. <br /> <br /> There are smart elements in this movie that never fully connect with a funny bone. The viewer is experiencing things like a cat diving / swimming with a person who thinks he has found cat happiness by throwing these kittens into the pool, which the camera watches in slow motion and in the installation sequence. Then we go to the island, where all the past quirks are retired (hula hops, homemade stones, rainbow wigs, etc.). Then we enter the world of music (punk was a new kind of music during this film), where the "D" rhythm bar singer Rootboy Slim performs "boogie until you vomit" in his own lazy style of dirt and eclectic meanness. Now the real beauty of all of this is background music. TELSTAR sounds are played and played in many different styles with many different instruments - for those who do not understand, Telstar was the first American satellite launched into space, and the theme was created to celebrate the genius and the triumph of man. Mr Mike seemed to be thinking as a signal of the disintegration of society in absurd waste. Now one thing that the cinema offered was that in this video there was no live performance by Sid Vicious (a former sex gun, not a fighter) singing MY WAY. His version is very different from Sinatra, as you can imagine, but to be honest, I feel that it is worth it to listen ... it's good! This is the sad part - in the VHS release, Paul Anka refuses rights to his song, and the viewer is forced to experience 3 1/2 minutes of silence with an explanation rolling over the image of a singing dead sex gun. <br /> <br /> I would give the cinema 5 or 6, the video is closer to 4, and now, with so much time, I see where many people will give it 3 or 2.5. If you want to see the good watch of O'Donoghue's "SCROOGED ...", this is the best tribute to insight and talent of a person.
