Well, I'm probably going to offend everyone on this site, but “Good Earth” is one of the worst structured films I've seen in a long time. We have 2 and a half hours of film, which looks like three and a half, because there are two films in it. The first film tells the story of a family that is forced to leave their home due to drought and famine. They need to go south to the cities to find food or work. They accidentally find a bag of jewels and at the same time discover that the drought is over. Yes ok With this knowledge, they return home with their wealth, and everything is beautiful and beautiful again. <br /> <br /> Well, it takes about an hour and a half of a movie, and while its an incredibly lifeless movie, it has a good arc. You might think that this would be a fantastic place to finish a movie. However, the film then continues for another hour. And in this remaining time, he takes a simple story about a family that faces the difficulties of the world, and turns it into a juicy melodrama about betrayal and jealousy between lovers. Oh yes, and a century, money is the root of all evil, blah, blah, blah. The fact that you know that you are shooting an epic film does not mean that your story can continue without need more than necessary. Also, the basic idea that I would put together about this film is that the earth is good for this family and keeps them together. Then why do we spend an hour telling a story about how a rich man falls in love with another woman, and why this is the last moment of a film about a wife that our main character didn’t even care about for most of the film. <br /> <br /> Oh wait, and the film is not the only thing that is poorly written, the wife of the main characters has absolutely no meaning. She complains a lot that she was a slave and she never wants to have a slave and a yadda yadda yadda. Then why is she ready to sell her only daughter into slavery. Even if they are starving during this idea, it still does not make sense when, after 20 minutes in the film, she complains that she no longer wants a slave. <br /> <br /> There are other films of the thirties that are worth paying attention to. The only thing this has is cinematography. The land is shot beautifully, oh, and the locust consistency is pretty impressive. It is a pity that the film had nothing to say. <br /> <br /> One last thing. I know that at the moment Hollywood was mainly focused on the stars, and they decided that a good actor could portray anything. For most of the film, Paul Mooney does portray an Asian man to the best of his abilities, but once he reaches half the point where the film continues for no reason, he loses him and just becomes an ordinary old Italian Paul, they even cut his hair so he looks like Tony from Scarface (also a better movie than this). Of all the main characters in the film, I think that three of them are actually Asian, and the rest are just stupid Americans. Oh, and please, Miss Rainer, it was a really good one note performance, no, if I could wrest Oscar from your hands, oh, I would. <br /> <br /> Good Earth is one huge waste of time. If you want to see something in vain on this beautiful evening, get the Grapes of Wrath, a film that really deserves all praise. Mainly because it was not written by a monkey.
