... because they are both pretty lousy. I think the best part of the film is the terrible imperial photo of Fay Dunaway on top of the stairs. It seems that she can very easily get out of this picture, tear someone into bloody pieces and calmly return to the portrait, looking as if nothing had happened. Now you know that the film has problems when part of the scenery manages to get your attention. <br /> <br /> I confess that I paid $ 30 for a DVD to see Faye Dunaway in a modern horror movie. I know what you think - 30 bucks straight into a gaping black hole. And you would be absolutely right. This movie sucks. There it is right in the open. I was expecting some real scares, and I waited, and waited, and waited. No one came. The raven (probably the raven in makeup) did not frighten me, because small pieces of internal organs did not frighten me, and even Fei did not frighten me. I'm not so brave, I know, so there must be a problem in the film itself. Moreover, Jennifer was not afraid either. Her internal organs literally fall apart, and she seemed more irritated than anything else. Her life was quickly coming to an end, and she was worried about getting more money. Honey, you can't take money wherever you are going !!! “I need money,” she constantly repeats, completely ignoring the fact that her lungs have broken down and have ceased to function. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, I spent the whole damn movie, thinking about what happened to my grandmother (Faye), At first I was suspicious, Faye played grandma and all that, and in the end I was still suspicious. Another relative lives in the house, which Jennifer and Mary Ellen, the grandmother from hell, are forced to share temporarily, and I suppose that she is of the same generation as the grandmother. Here's the weird part - a relative looks like she just outlived her 800th birthday. Mary Ellen looks like she just got a facelift from a famous surgeon. Face-braces cannot work wonders, but I think Fay's appearance is important for the rice paper plot. SPOILER!!! It seems that the family is suffering from a disease that affects bad behavior ... sorry, my little joke. Seriously, however, there are all diseases that cause their organs to fail and eventually collapse. Ugh, huh? Interestingly, Mary Ellen is still alive, and all her organs are intact. How did she avoid the Family Curse? Obviously something is wrong with her. <br /> <br /> Another reason to mourn the loss of my thirty dollars - this film shows one of my favorite letters for all time. I mean double ending. This movie ends twice. I absolutely hate it when it happens, and in this film it seems that the director shot the final, he did not like it, and forgot to remove it during editing. I guess it should be scary, but that’s only if you are a film editor. <br /> <br /> Although there is one plus in this debacle, and this is one of the reasons why I bought a DVD. Faye Dunaway appears in the director's comments, and I wanted to see how she acted when she didn’t have lines to read. Guess what - the movie was terrible, and I couldn't watch it again. Get out
