Jennifer Shadow is in Argentina and starts when Jennifer Cassie (Gina Philips) arrives there after her sister Joanna dies. Jennifer left Johanna's big house in her will, Jennifer decides to sell the house and go back to Los Angeles, although her grandmother Mary Ellen (Fei Dunaway) is against the sale. No matter how strange this may happen, Jennifer begins to have nightmares about how the Crows peck at her, and she begins to feel very bad. After the examination in the hospital, it seems that one of her kidneys has mysteriously disappeared, what happens to Jennifer? Is it an ancient family curse? Will Jennifer be the next victim ... <br /> <br /> This Argentinean-American co-production was co-authored and co-directed by Daniel de la Vega and Pablo Pares and is a truly boring waste of ninety Strange minutes, boring and predictable modern a ghost story that I imagine will put more people to sleep than scare them. Script Vega, Parés & P.J. Pettiette is rather slow and tedious, which is not what someone needs, I mean, I am sure that most people do not want to sit and miss their skulls. All characters are uninteresting and rather faceless, with little or no motivation for what they are doing. For example, who is this caretaker in the cemetery? How did he find out about demons? What is his interest and motivation to participate? I could not see it. Jennifer herself is a rather unattractive and polite leading lady, her grandmother Mary Allen is as nonsense as they are, and it is surprising that she is obviously a villain. I mean that for this kind of mystical horror / ghost story, it is surprisingly predictable and routine. There are gaps both in logic and in history, which, together with the terrible ending of the turns, which is not so complicated, I did not like Jennifer Shadow one jot. <br /> <br /> Directed by Vega & Parés fell heavily. I used the method of bleaching almost all colors from the pattern, which often makes it not too far from black and white. I suspect that they wanted to give it a Gothic feel, but it was done many times earlier, and often much better, for me it did little, and the whole movie looks dull and lifeless. There is also a certain style of the 40s, from costumes to the interior of a large house, but again it looks half indecisive and cheap. Jennifer's shadow is well done, but it is quite catchy, it is not scary and not terrible, but rather predictable. If this was not enough, then there is no blood, there are several scenes, the crows look at people and the beating heart, but nothing more. <br /> <br /> With an estimated budget of about $ 1,000,000 and renamed “The Raven Chronicle for its release on American and international DVDs, it’s done reasonably well, but today you won’t buy a million too much and Jennifer Shadow pretty much proves this theory. There are too many scenes when the actor speaks with bright Argentinean accents, although it can be realistic, but I really like to understand what people are saying. The game is fine, although Dunaway overdid it badly and, obviously, there for the sake of money. <br /> <br /> “Jennifer Shadow” is a trash ghost movie that I thought was boredom from beginning to end, I would prefer to watch “Incredibly Strange.” Creatures that stopped life and became mixed zombies !!? (1964) instead. A complete waste of time.
