This is perhaps the most disappointing, least gratifying film of the so-called black-exploitation genre, which, by the way, are films that we usually like very much in our house. Instead of being “exploitative” or demeaning, these films actually provide an invaluable insight into the era. Well, not baktaun. <br /> <br /> In this story, the Duke returns to Baktatown to manage a nightclub left by his recently deceased brother. He quickly learns that the city is completely controlled by corrupt police forces, who select defense money from all local businesses. The duke resists and decides that he will save the city from the corrupt police. Unfortunately, he does this by summoning a squad of his friends (these people are vaguely explained as some former dark-skinned militants who worked with Duke in the "workplace" in the past), and they just kill the entire police department in cold blood. And literally in the presence of hundreds of witnesses who do nothing to stop it. Ignorance is no excuse for murder, and it would be much more interesting to see the police burglars suffer for their actions, and not just beaten on the street. While revenge is a ubiquitous and generally satisfactory theme in films of this genre, she is far from seeing Pam Greer looking for thugs who encroached on her family, accused them, gave them jujitsu ass and put There in on fire It has art (and a reason for existence) and deserves a level of respect that is completely undeserved simply by shooting someone in the back. Of course, in this bizarre story, she plays a woman under the thumb of a man, fearing burglars who run her city and oppress her people. Indeed, her advice to the duke: “Run, man, they will kill you!” <br /> <br /> After disgusting and unreasonable violence, we must believe that the mayor of the city sincerely justifies the actions of the duke and his friends, congratulating them and offering to arrange a parade in their honor, in contrast, say, to the call of the district attorney, to press the death penalty against them and imprison them. The Duke’s detachment rejects the parade and instead decides to fill the numerous vacancies in the police created by their recent murder. They immediately turn out to be even more corrupt than their predecessors from the police burglars (quoting the mayor: “They are ten times worse than we had before!”). Now, the Duke believes that he must once again save the citizens of Baktauna from corrupt law enforcement officials and again ensure the safety of decent people for doing business on prostitution on the streets. Unfortunately, the duke has already lost all moral superiority and sympathy because of the hero, since he was a voluntary participant in the murder of the original police. I wouldn’t have cared for this or that if he had saved Baktatown or had shut up himself. I suppose that we should be entertained by the clever way that the Duke should outsmart the new Police Ghosts, but in reality the film has just just become an opera of unwarranted violence, the Duke kills all his former friends and allies in cold blood by the same lack of compassion he felt when shot police crackers. Duke is a pig. <br /> <br /> Finally, when everyone in the city except the Duke Areta and the local brothel employees are dead and bleeding in the street, our hero and heroine go off into the night, as though they had some remarkable qualities or expiatory values; they are not the Duke - just a murderer, and Aretha is his accomplice to the misogynist. If you are interested in this genre of film, by all means, I highly recommend them, see Coffey, Foxy Brown, Turner Truck, Blacula, Sheba Baby ??, but if in the process you have to stumble upon this DVD, drop it as far away as you can! Drop how hot it is! It should be treated the same way as a brilliant pool of nuclear waste! Throughout the Blacksploitation era, there was not a single film that was significantly more interesting, satisfying and filled with more sympathetic and delightful characters than this piece of mucus, clearly written and intended for some hormonally unbalanced high school sophomores.
