Comet Night begins when the world prepares for an event once in a lifetime, when a comet is over 65 million years old. Instead of watching the light show, Regina Belmont (Catherine Mary Stewart) decides to spend the night with film projector Larry Dupree (Michael Bowen) in his booth ... They wake up the next morning, and when Larry tries to leave the cinema, he is attacked and killed a zombie, the same zombie attacks Regina, but she manages to escape when she discovers that almost everyone on the entire planet has turned to red dust. Almost everything, because by some surprising coincidence of circumstances the only surviving person is her sister Samantha (Kelly Maroni), they are desperately looking for new survivors and meet with a truck driver named Hector Gomez (Robert Beltran). Meanwhile, an evil group of scientists needs human blood to create a serum to save themselves from becoming dust, and they are looking for involuntary donors ... <br /> <br /> Written and directed by Tom Eberhardt, whom I found “Comet Night Is a pretty enjoyable browsing experience, I’m surprised at the number of positive comments on IMDb about this, because I just thought it was boring nonsense that never matched its potential. The scenario starts at 100 miles per hour with the destruction of the entire population of the Earth and the attack of the zombies, but then it goes completely nowhere, and then finally presents ominous blood, stealing scientists, by the end of the film, because by that time the fine story has run. There are also holes in the conspiracy, if these scientists want blood, why shoot three or four gang members and save the two sisters, when the guys would give more blood for their experiments, killing them seemed just a strange and almost suicidal act, considering that they need blood it doesn't make sense to develop a medicine, I mean, if you die and you need to experiment with human blood, is it better to have five or six donors providing blood, or only two? I do not have the fact that the two sisters survived independently of each other, I mean, what are the chances of that? When Hector encounters a female scientist for the first time, she never mentions Samantha where she was or where the underground center was, where they took Regina before she committed suicide, so how did Hector find out about this? I also thought that after the first twenty-odd minutes the film slows down to the speed of a snail and becomes incredibly boring and dull to watch, after I heard a lot of good things about it, Night of the Comet seems to me nothing more than an overvalued boring piece. out of shit. <br /> <br /> Director Eberhardt does an excellent job with his work, I liked the film with a red hue of the sky, and he manages to create a really cool atmosphere of isolation. Unfortunately, too many pictures of empty streets, permanent installations of empty streets, abandoned roads and abandoned buildings, and it becomes extremely repetitive and boring. Well, we understand that there is no one else, so there is no need to continue pushing him in the throat, constantly showing roads without cars on them. The zombies are completely wasted, there are two zombie attacks throughout the film, and these are also two separate zombies, although there are several effective nightmare scenes. Night of the Comet pays homage or robs, depending on what you prefer, several other much better films, including the mandatory completion of world-wide shopping at a mall shot with Dawn of the Dead (1978). Forget about blood or gore because there are none. <br /> <br /> Technically, Night of the Comet is pretty good, the special effects are pretty decent, and the crew obviously did a good job of closing the streets. Acting was quite expected for Maroni, since Samantha, the blonde head with air, became very annoying. <br /> <br /> Comet Night was a big disappointment for me, I was hoping for much more. In my opinion, this film seemed to me a boring, boring episode without incidents and vomiting, when sisters go shopping for the tune “Girls just want to have fun”, probably the worst moment in the film. Really bad, and I just don’t understand why there are so many people like this, I’m sure that I will be slaughtered for it, so let the violence begin, I can accept it ...
