I think that applause is needed to whoever collects the trailer for the latest issue of Rogue Pictures Return. I myself, like everyone else, was deceived, believing that this is actually a horror film. On the contrary, this is actually a supernatural thriller. It is a pity that it does not care a bit. <br /> <br /> “Return” is played by Sarah Michelle Gellar as Joanna Mills, a young woman who has had personal problems since eleven years old. It was at this age that she had ghostly visions depicting the murder of a woman with whom she had never met. While on a business trip to Texas, these visions bring her to the hometown of a murdered woman, La Salle. There, she comes face to face with another person who often appears in her visions. A man named Terry Stahl, played by Peter O'Brien. Joanna is now in desperate search for answers. Searches that could eventually lead to her own murder. <br /> <br /> I really don't know where to start guys. What should I mention first? A brutal game, disgusting direction or a horribly tasteless story? No matter which one I choose, my point of view is the same for each: they just suck. Adam Sussman’s scenario is completely idiotic. It is not interesting. This is not convincing. It is just unpleasant. I kept waiting for something to launch a “movie” (I put quotes around the movie because I do not believe that “Return” deserves to be called a real movie because of its stupidity.) And at least gave him a little chance of hope, but nothing happened. I stayed in an unbearable cold to freeze. Even the star performances of the actors themselves could not have saved this catastrophe. Of course, they probably knew about it, after reading the script and agreeing to make a film. I guess that's why the game was so terrible. At least I believe it. I really hope that the actors are not proud of their performances. They need immediate medical attention if they need it. <br /> <br /> Now the direction was clearly bad, but I cannot completely crucify Asif Kapadiya completely. (Well, I could, but I won't, because I'm such a good guy.) I look at “Return” as a test for Kapadia, because for all of you who don't know, this is his first full-length film. feature film ". He just enters the door and is still learning. Next time, well, if there is a next time, I hope he will improve significantly. The only thing he could do here is to almost completely repeat the visual style of rethinking by Marcus Nispel 2003 “Texas Chainsaw Massacre.” It's good that I got the film, but, unfortunately, it still won’t get any praise from me for it. I don’t consider copying someone else’s work worthy of praise. Liked it.) <br /> <br /> I think ama Jim Sonzero’s Pulse Ickan rethinking will now have to fork out for the title of Worst Movie of the Year to Return. "This is beyond doubt, deserves the title in almost every conceivable way. Now I have no doubt that it will bring small and very small profits. Regardless that, nevertheless, it does not surpass or even parallel the chance of success of Gellar’s ​​previous action, “The Grudge.” There is one more thing on this note that I would like to add. I can honestly say that I was never embarrassed by the fact that I had seen the exit from the theater hall before watching “The Returns”. This is something that I would never want to experience again, along with the “film” itself.
