When evaluating documentaries that focus on a relatively small group of ugly ultra-right and conservative groups like this in the US, you should consider the following. The United States of America, with a population of 270 million people, and their complex history as an aspiring democracy, as well as its hopes and desires for protecting human rights, have their own drawbacks and shortcomings. Of course, it is expected that far-right groups and ultraconservative groups exist in significant numbers, but in relation to the size of their population they are very small and isolated. On a per capita basis, Europe, the United Kingdom, and even Australia have similar right-wing groups, in fact, per capita, the actual size of neo-Nazi groups in Australia is actually higher than in the United States of America. It is for the above reasons that the American people and the level of its debates in Educated American society are unjustifiably humiliated and humiliated, deceptively and deceptively representing this ultra-right group of psychopaths as representatives of American society. By doing this, Greenstreet deliberately chose small and isolated groups at opposite ends of the spectrum to create an image of America, which is an outrageous and deliberate sensational lie. This film is clearly designed to inflame and indulge the views of people who harbor this subconscious and painful hatred of the American people and their way of life in the guise of a left-wing, fashionable and ideal cliche ideology. This film was made for profit, not for promoting the truth about American society and human conditions. Greenstreet can make documentaries that focus on far-right conspiracies, the military-industrial complex, but fail miserably with intelligent and measured factual debates, not to mention alternative solutions to the failures of a lively democracy. The movie show is exposed as Anti-American because of its support for this garbage. SENSATIONALISM is in its worst anti-US shameful rubbish.
