In all my years of filming, I only once went to the film, and it was a terrible "Stay with us." Fortunately, the movie reimbursed the ticket, and I instead went to see "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" (a slight improvement). This film "Gone With the Wind" compared to "Dick", a comedy so unfunny that it almost became the second film I came out of. “Dick” was so unfunny that it was even impossible to laugh at him, let alone laugh at him. <br /> <br /> Of course, the pay-per-view movie called “Dick” suggests that it will be filled with reckless “Dick” jokes and huge disappointments, and yet I had high hopes because of the conspicuous composition (Daniel Hedaya , Bruce McCullough, Dave Fowley, Kristen Dunst, etc., etc.) and the prerequisites, at least, that promised fresh. The film, as expected, consisted of four sadly predictable “huyah” jokes, a comic time suffering from a jetlag, and a package that was exhausted after the first five minutes. In short, it was the Watergate scene from Forrest Gump, stretched out — no, set on a rack and mutilated — for more than 90 minutes. <br /> <br /> As soon as you realize that the two main characters - the ruthless, tasteless vizgalets who continuously choke and roll their eyeballs - will participate in every major Watergate event, you begin to mentally check the plot as it moves: 18 and a half minutes erased from Nixon tapes, CHECK; Deep Throat Meetings with Woodward and Bernstein, CHECK; John Dean changes his heart and gives testimony, CHECK. The process drags on more sluggishly and is about as exciting as the real story of Watergate, with the same amount of laughter. And although this may seem like an amusing reconstruction of the events that led to the resignation of President Nixon, it turns into a comedy “draw by numbers, choose your own adventure,” which says: very little and entertains even less. <br /> <br /> Even the strength of the film - the aforementioned cast - is amazingly unproductive here. The most disappointing of all is Harry Shearer as J. Gordon Liddy. Captured as he is behind the thick mustache of Liddy and the straitjacket in this stunning dark scenario, Shearer muttered a few lines, desperately trying to look out of the prosthetic nose and eyebrows, and then disappears. Dave Fowley, one of the comic books inspirers from Children in the Hall (the other two, Bruce McCullough and Mark McKinney also appear in this film - ah, the blessings of cronyism) also feels bad. His H.R. Haldeman from time to time provides the much-needed coverage of the funeral conspiracy, but the funniest thing about him is the harsh buzz he deals with - perhaps the funniest films of all. And then Daniel Hedaya in the role of Richard Nixon - oops, I mean “Dick”. (Haha, how funny it is.) He manages to play a solid Nixon, avoiding traps (such as excessive makeup, a rubber nose and false teeth in the spirit of Anthony Hopkins), while maintaining the essence (fluctuations between human tenderness and rudeness). It seems I have forgotten someone. Oh, yes, two stars of the film, these overly sparkling teens. I can not remember their names, perhaps because I suppressed their speeches. Nothing could be further from the ridiculous; nothing can be more painful than patient patience, which encompassed the gamut of “hyperactive” and “super-operative” with an occasional “inflated”. <br /> <br /> This film seemed like a bad excuse to put together a 70s soundtrack and show a parade of outrageous clothes that nowadays seem to be the norm for movies and TV shows shown in “Decade of Me”. But clothes and music turn out to be an ersatz, replacing the true characteristics and plot, a kind of additional plots, which, as producers hope, compensate for the anemic writing. <br /> <br /> The only possible use of this film was the years when any of his talented actors appeared in the film of David Letterman or Conan O'Brien. This terrible cinematic selection will be stretched to embarrass and hopefully humble the stunned guest star. The sad thing is that the real bad guys in all of this — the writers and the producers — will be far from the cameras, perhaps preparing another disaster like this. <br /> <br />
