When I first saw a preview of this film, I was impatient to see it. The plot seemed good, and the setting was excellent. I mean, a slasher movie that happens on prom night is a great idea !! And the plot: a high school teacher who becomes sexually obsessed with one of his students, goes crazy, gets arrested and after three years runs off to the prom night! Graduation night, a night that should be happy and memorable, turns into hell !! However, I saw this and was extremely disappointed. It was not only the worst “horror movie” I’ve ever seen, but also one of the worst films I’ve ever seen !! Firstly, it was not even scary. There was not a single moment in this film when I jumped out of my seat. In addition, the murder scenes were so stupid and boring. All Slasher did was either hit his victim several times in the stomach or cut his throat. There was also absolutely no blood (her rating is PG-13). The scene with the most blood was probably the one where the killer killed the black girl. He cuts her throat and blood splashes on the sheets hanging around them (in fact, they do not show how he cut her throat). <br /> <br /> Next, you see the killer's face when he is first presented in the film, He is not mysterious, creepy or scary. He's just the guy who kills people. <br /> <br /> In addition, everything in the film was such a cliche. For example, when at the end the killer is going to kill the main character, and at the last moment the detective shoots and kills him. In addition, every thing in this film was so predictable. The victim, seeing the guy with the knife, runs for her life, hides, thinks she runs away, and then the killer just jumps out and kills her. <br /> <br /> Finally, the sequence of the film was very bad. The guy comes into the hotel, kills several people, finds the bodies, someone turns on the fire alarm, and everyone evacuates. The main character forgets something in his room, meets with the killer, runs away. This is it! She and her boyfriend go home, the slasher kills the guards patrolling the house, finds the girl, and then is killed by the detective. The plot of the film was so stupid and cliché. <br /> <br /> If you think about watching this movie because the preview looked good, trust me, do not waste your time and money. No wonder that this film was shown in the smallest cinema theater. My friend and I, along with these two girls, sat in the back and were the only ones in the theater. This was supposed to tell me something about the film in advance.
