The Little Mermaid is one of my favorite Disney movies. However, I am sorry to say that Disney was completely spoiled when they made this sequel. I admit that it has some good points to this. The songs are not bad, but the animation is clean and clear. I am sure that there is some kind of humor - I don’t remember, because after watching it, I immediately forbade its appearance in my eyes. The worst point of this movie is the plot. In this film, Ariel becomes her father. She forbids her daughter to approach the sea (yes, because of fear), just as she was forbidden to approach the land. I personally think that, given her past, Ariel will retain some of her stubborn habits and will not treat her daughter as she did. <br /> <br /> In addition to this fact, Ursula was replaced by a scary, pitiful kind of sea witch (an undernourished, forgotten sister) who is more ridiculous than scary. She also has a small subordinate to carry out her orders, but she is no worse and no worse than Ursula. Ursula spoiled us with her believability for the bad. This sea witch is a joke. <br /> <br /> Besides, Flounder is a fat father with a deep voice (no longer the cute guppy we all know and love), and Eric's voice doesn’t even sound the same actor (which always annoys me in the remake / continued). (By the way, his voice was very obvious to me!) I felt that the only reason this film was shot was that Disney could catch a few quick dollars that I didn’t like to think of a corporation that I really really like. I felt that this story lacks imagination. I know that this action (the child follows in the footsteps of the parents) occurs, but Ariel was different. That was what we loved so much about her. She had a dream, she fell in love, and she realized that dream. Until she appeared in this film. Then she became the same as other adults. This is not the Ariel I know. And I don't like her. <br /> <br /> I know some children who liked this movie, and I know some adults who don’t mind either. But for me and for all of you who are very fond of Ariel, please do not watch this film. Ariel, who we know, dies inside, resurrected for only one or two songs and one final scene, which is actually not bad (where she takes water again) - although, in spite of everything, she takes very little part in the final.
