I loved the first little mermaid. I know the songs, I love the characters and I love the story. I can not say anything like this about the Little Mermaid II: Return to the sea. It was terrible. Let's start with the story. The plot was the reverse copy of the first film. The same situation, except the reverse! Ariel wanted to live on land, her daughter Melody (creative name) wants to live in the sea. Ariel was deceived by Ursula, Melody was deceived by Ursula’s sister, Morgana. Did Ursula have a sister ?? Not sure where it came from. Besides the fact that he was a strange copy of the first film, this plot of the film seemed tired and uninteresting compared to the first film. Now characters: 1. Ariel- What happened to her ?? !! She was no longer a stubborn, stubborn teenager whom we all knew and loved in the first film, now she is “matured” and her personality has collapsed. Her singing voice wasn't so strong either, because Jody Benson was much older, or the songs were so terrible that her talent was wasted. 2. Prince Eric. Although in the first film he did not have a special personality, like all Disney princes, somehow his new voice and his few lines made him even more robotic. To top it all off, he just can't protect himself, and Ariel becomes the hard one. 3. Sebastian - say goodbye to a cute crustacean from the first film, because its place was taken by a tearful, annoying little crab. He also had no good songs in this film. You can almost forget the glory that he earned by singing the incredible “Under the Sea” and “Kiss the Girl” from the first film, and this is very sad. 4. Flounder - They destroyed it! He is no longer cute, his voice is terrible, and he now has children ?? Who is mom ??? 5. Morgana. She seems to be Ursula's sister to take revenge on her mother, who always chose Ursula because of her. Therefore, she plans to receive the trident of King Triton to become the new ruler of the sea. Sounds familiar? In any case, she is a very evil villain, and she lacks the greatness of Ursula as a villain. She epically fails in witchcraft, she is not very tough and not at all threatening. 6. Melody - Ariel and daughter Erica. An ironic name, because she, unlike Ariel, does not know how to sing. Her voice is annoying, her friends (walrus and penguin? Really?!) Are not funny or cute, and she is exactly the same as Ariel, on the contrary, and not so cute. Skip this. Do not watch any Disney continuation, except for Lion King 2. This film has divided the classics that lives in all our pleasant memories. I will look at this movie and just laugh.
