Well, as a longtime Disney fan, I really hate the direct sequel of the Disney video. Walt CAM did not believe in them. He believed that "AND THEY HAVE LIVED A HAPPY LAST" is the end. But this one ... really tagged tacos. There were so many robberies of other Disney films, it wasn’t funny. A brief summary, if you still do not know ...: Melody, the daughter of Ariel and Prince Eric, was born. Ursula’s sister, Morganna (who mostly looks like Ursula if she painted herself green and sat down on a starvation diet with Ellie Macbil), appears and, after trying to introduce a newborn and failing, predicts the death of the characters. After this test, Ariel ceases to be like his father and refuses to tell Melody about his legacy of mermaids, and later prohibits her from approaching the sea. Well, surprise-surprise. Melody learns that she is a stubborn girl, and she runs away, and then makes a deal with Morgana to become a mermaid, in exchange for something. (Gee, does this sound familiar?) She becomes one, but in her half of the deal, the trident of her grandfather must take it and return it to the sea witch. While doing this, she encounters a pair of hideous animals, a penguin and a walrus named Timon and Pumb - eh? wait ... no! This is not Timon and Pumba! or is it? Could have fooled me. In any case, I would like to tell more, but almost everything that can be assumed will happen. Alright, so ... In short. This film "borrows" too many of the other (best) Disney films ... and does it terribly. Come on ... tip and dash? Why not just make Dash obscenely meteoric and make it even more obvious robbery! Ugh. Not to mention the total slaughter of the character Ariel. She turned from a cheerful, stubborn woman into a clone of her father. Not good at all ... they mostly tell us about a cute, incendiary mermaid, about which we know that she grew up, and love died. Plus, Melody herself is also not such a good character ... she’s pretty damn annoying! And chaps! Not to mention what they did with Flounder. Ugh ... anyway, if you decide to see this piece, created mainly for profit, without imagination, sponsored by Eisner c ****** t, I suggest, perhaps, wait until it is on the Disney channel or what is another television station. Because it is not even worth the cost of rent. <br /> <br /> * of ***** stars.
