I believe it was for Temple Matthews, who wrote mostly a remake, although there are a few changes that only make it worse. SPOILERS: This is very similar to the original. Melody, Ariel's new daughter, is threatened by Ursula's sister, Morgan. Morgana runs away, but keeps his promise to take Melody from them. Did Ursula have a sister ?! And she is not such a villain as Ursula. There are similarities here. Medoli kept from the sea to the capture of Morgana, but she knows nothing about it, because it all happened when she was a child. A wall encircles the palace to hold it in and out of it. Every day she goes under the wall to swim and talk to Sebastian, who is not as cheerful or funny as the original. She finds a shell with her name on it and runs away from the house, searches for answers and finds Morgana. Here is a similarity; Morgana is cheating on Melody, making her happy, turning her into a mermaid. Meanwhile, Eric, Melody and King Triton are looking for her. To remain a mermaid, she needs to steal a trident from Triton. Melody knows, because she does not know that King Triton is her father. She made friends with a penguin and a walrus, and that's where it's terrible. Penguins who live with them in the icy ocean hate them because they are cowards. Therefore, they are trying to prove that they are heroes and fail. It does not suit the mermaid. And the dialogue during these conversations between penguins and these two characters is bleeding. you know why? Because the first one had a great story. This one is neither magic nor magic. This is just an example of how many sequels are bad. <br /> <br /> Melody finds them, and they help take her to the Atlantic to prove herself. When they take a trident, Ariel finds Melody with Morgana. Melody is angry with her mother for keeping her from the sea, so she gave the trident to Morgana, and then she shows her true colors as soon as she takes her. Poor Ariel and Melody are under her care. The penguin and the walrus begin to show themselves when they fight with a friend of the shark Morgana. Sorry, I did not mention it before. They finally showed themselves. Eric, King Triton and his soldiers arrive, but by the power of a trident are forced to bow before Morgan. Melody takes it, throws it to Triton, and he pours it to Morgan (literally). Then Ariel apologizes to Melody and thinks it's her fault. Did not have! Ariel did the right thing to protect Melody, but they never say that. Triton offers Melody to live in the sea or on land. She actually has a “best idea.” She uses the trident to evaporate the wall so that the people and the Russians can be together. Then everyone sings a terrible song. END. <br /> <br /> Whoever saw it and loves it obviously did not see the original. I do not like it because I am a teenager. I liked it when I was very, very small. Then, as I got older, I began to understand what was wrong with this film. young, small children will enjoy it, but probably when they are in elementary school they will forget about it. I usually think I overestimated the film, and it was better than I remember when I watched it again, but not this one. This is even worse. History is no exception. If you thought, after reading this, that the story is good, read more of this comment, and you will find out other bad points: well, now you know the story. I apologize for spoiling it for you, but I had to point out some bad parts of it. One of the worst things is animation. The color is terrible. The original had a beautiful color. Watching this almost made me want to go blind. Even the illustrations and landscape design were not good. The original had a beautiful, magical coloring and beautiful underwater landscaping, as well as on land, which makes it joyful to view. <br /> <br /> Music is unbearable. Compared to the first, the music is crappy here. The songs are not so well composed, and Tara Strong (I think that is her name), who performed Melody, cannot sing. Sometimes she either sang too high or did not follow the melody in the song. So much for having a “Melody” as a name. And the music is not beautiful and not touching. Mermaid 1 won an Oscar for it, and she really deserved it. This one earned Razzie's reward for the worst musical result in the sequel, if he existed. <br /> <br /> I didn’t like the voices. Several people who have played characters from the very beginning have done the same thing in this. Jody Benson is a great singer, but now that she is older, she is not offended, her voice is too deep and not so beautiful anymore. And I am really disappointed in her and in others who first participated in this. If I were chosen for this film, just by reading the script, I can say that it will be a bad film. The characters are different now. Ariel is now wiser, but annoying. They overdid it with her character, which made her too mature. In the sequels, you should not change characters, unless for a special reason. She was sixteen in the first. There is little chance that it will change. This is the stage when you become the person you are going to be for the rest of your life. Script writers need to think about it. They need to think about character. <br /> <br /> Well, I guess this is for me. I hope you find my comment useful, because I am sure that many of you will agree with my point of view.
