This film makes me want to vomit every time I see it. If you take the first movie and turn the story around (Ariel wants to leave the sea, her daughter wants to go to sea), take the same characters and give them new animals and new names, and then add the crappy animation the biggest sucking factor, you might get Little Mermaid 2. This is basically a copy of the first movie with an upside down plot. I will guide you through this step by step. These are people from the 1st film: first, Prince Eric is still Prince Eric, only about 3 lines in the film. Ariel is alarmed, annoying, and this is not the lighthearted, stubborn spirit that we saw in the first. In fact, it is the exact opposite. Sebastian is still Sebastian, only less likable, less convincing, because he is joking, and the jokes are no longer funny. Flounder has about 2 lines. He now has children, and he speaks in a dull nasal voice. The scattle is still dumb, just not funny. The character of King Triton is probably the best; he still retains intimidation and love for his daughter Melody. Ariel and Prince Eric do not seem to shout about their daughter. <br /> <br /> As I said, all they did was use the characters from the first movie and copied them. Here is what they did: Ursula. The new evil villain is Morgana, the sister of Ursula, who feels that she has always lived in the shadow of Ursula. I would not be afraid of her if she appeared at my door with a knife. She can not do anything right, and she failed like a villain. She has the same voice as Ursula. Sebastian and Flounder - were replaced, probably by the most stupid chums, Tip & Dash, walrus and penguin. They try to be heroes, but they always fail when they try. The plot is so predictable. They become heroes at the end. Yon Flatson & Jetsom - now replaced by a shark, which was turned into a newt by about 10 times less. He is also very bad. Morgana and shark (I think that was his name) have no chemistry, good or bad. Ariel-Ah, Ariel. Our lovely mermaid was replaced by her tender daughter Melody. Melody can not sing, her voice is about 2 octaves higher than it should be, and you want to slap her face because she is such an unreal sweet sweetness. She wants to go to the sea, she is clumsy, and the children laugh at her, she must find herself. to yawn. <br /> <br /> The film is not only boring and unoriginal, but also so simplified when you watch this movie that you just suffocate how bad it is. Some parts of the film make you want to call Disney and demand why such a terrible movie was made as a continuation of such a wonderful original. <br /> <br /> Essentially, comparing the little mermaid with the little mermaid 2 I also like to compare Ed Wood's film with Casablanca. Never watch it even when you are bored.
