.... robbing a dozen of the best movies. In particular, "The Tale of Los Angeles" by Stephen Martin, who, at least, had the grace to be clearly fictional, although it was filmed his then-girlfriend, playing in the film his girlfriend. <br /> <br /> Yes, the naive boys and girls "Dates" is a mockup, although I'm not quite sure that this was Miles Berkovits's intention when he started. I got the impression that he started the project half-seriously and then I quickly realized that it would be pitiful and not funny if he did not make the situation more and more ridiculous. As a result, all this has an unpleasant, cheap and insincere feeling. <br /> <br /> As someone cleverly pointed out, There are two “dates” in the film that sue Milam and impose prohibitive orders, and yet they appear in the film, it would be impossible, since this required a form of consent. It also seems to me that most of the women who appear as “dates” are professional actresses (notorious novices, with the exception of Tina Carrera) - they are just too obviously beautiful, polished, thin and comfortable in front of the camera to be an ordinary civilian population. <br /> <br /> Mr. Berkowitz makes a classic mistake only by playing this kind of very pretty actress instead of using a lot of believable women, which could make the premise (even in the image) more believable and ridiculous. He also skates over what is probably his real problem, namely, that both the character of the film and the real world Miles Berkowitz seem to be functionally unemployed (his real IMDb credits are almost absent, except for this film). Even in the movie world, his ex-wife divorced him because he never worked. I think that the viewer (not to mention the real-life dates of Mr. Berkovitsa) deserves an explanation that he manages to live in one of the most expensive urban areas of the USA, in luxury apartments, driving a luxury car and eating at expensive restaurants, when he did not see to have any source of income at all. (Is he a drug dealer? He lives at the expense of his rich parents? I have no idea!) <br /> <br /> You can find anything in the film if the jokes are really funny. “20 dates” is painful, embarrassingly funny. The idea of ​​Mr. Berkovitsa in a joke is that his character during meetings in the restaurant would announce to his interlocutors that the food served may cause him diarrhea or constipation - the worst kind of children's humor in a pot. <br /> <Not surprisingly, Mr. Berkowitz never made a film before “20 dates” and in the past 8 years has not made a single film, appeared as an actor in someone else’s film, OR wrote or provided a loan of any kind. My instinct of instinct tells me that this film was not funded by “Eli” (a gangster money man who appears off-screen), but rather by Mr. Berkovits’s wealthy parents, or perhaps a shocking misuse of credit cards. Whatever it is, we can all be calm, because we are unlikely to see Miles Berkovits or any of his creative efforts AGAIN. Hallelujah!!!
