Although Bondarchuk was by no means a young man when he was assigned to work on this project, he was still an aspiring director with only photographs, a successful adaptation of the short history of the Second World War to his name. Bondarchuk, of course, had been a recognized actor star for a decade, but playing skills mean little behind the camera, and, as a director, he was completely unprepared for filming on such a scale. And it shows through the intricate footage of the compositions, especially evident in group scenes, often unsuccessful camera positions, performances of wildly different quality for the director, obviously, were so stunned by the absolute value of the tasks that the actors apparently left for their own devices, awkward voice acting that sound like a radio program. <br /> <br /> Vidor War and Peace was probably the main reason that prompted the Soviet government to spare no money for this production. The release of Vidor's painting in the USSR produced a real splash. Of course, Bondarchuk wanted to imitate the greatest strength of a Hollywood film and find his Audrey. His final choice, Lyudmila Savelyeva, a big-eyed, vigorous, dark-haired thing, really reminds of Hepburn. Unfortunately, she was a Kirov ballet dancer without acting experience and talent, so it is not surprising that the kindest word I can find to describe her performance is “terrible.” <br /> <br /> Although one would expect that Soviet actors, speaking the same language as the heroes of Tolstoy, would have understood them better than foreigners, but this War and Peace often proves that this is not so. Revolutionary upheavals have shifted the thin top layer of Russian cultural soil from which the War and Peace world has grown, so a significant proportion of these famous Soviet actors participating in this performance often look as ignorant as the Americans performing Shakespeare. Of course, this does not mean that American actors cannot play Shakespeare authentically, but you will understand what I mean if you witnessed how American actors played in adaptations of Branah). Of the three main characters, only Pierre Bondarchuk deserves praise, but even he was too old for the role and feels out of place at the beginning.
