Very bad, but watchable sci-fi film, which suffers from disgusting special effects, bad acting and a funny story. The film begins with a spacecraft returning from a study on Mars with a woman and a man with green mucus on her arm. Through some tricky ideas, she begins to tell what happened on this fateful trip, since almost all of the recordings seemed to have been erased magnetically. Four astronauts are involved in this journey: a military type played by Gerald Mohr, Humphrey Bogart from a poor man who likes to pronounce the word "Irish" and who has the ability to deftly catch cod, and then Naur Hayden, a beautiful redhead and only a female team. with three men wearing the most tight-fitting costumes to highlight all of her curves, then Les Tremaine, a wonderful character from cheap sci-fi movies such as an egg, and finally Jack Crushen as Sammy - a guy from Brooklyn with jokes and does not seem too bright, although selected for his experience in electronics. None of these artists is really good, and they all say their dialogue is a little convincing. Watch the Tremaine say this scientific nonsense! Indeed, the best of the four - Crushed - and it really says a lot about this film. But acting badly aside, the film just falls apart when they land on Mars through memories. Angry Red Planet had a very cheap budget, because Mars is really an American southwest with a heavy red tint. When history requires something that might look like Martian, pictures appear with a heavy red tinge over them. You can say these are drawings. Monsters are possibly worse when we get a bat spider more than 40 feet in size, which looks as if some of the children are gathering to gather dead animals. Another significant creature is a giant amoeba with a wobbling eye. Phew! This is bad. There is a good drawing of the Martian city, but this was not enough in the film. Despite all these big problems, The Angry Red Planet is a funny bad movie. It is really interesting to see how far we have come as a civilization. Most of the material they used in the film is outdated. One guy uses an electric shaver with a cord, and I thought they could get to Mars, but they still use cords. Director Ib Melchior gives an interesting look at most of the film, even with budgetary restrictions, but the story with him and Sid Pink does not fly. And how about what ends with music and psychedelic colors? Great man!
