The spacecraft returns from Mars; About a couple of months ago, an expedition of four was sent to the red planet. Most of the picture - the memory of what happened there. The painting is burdened with meaningless melodramatic dialogue, typical of many science fiction works of the fifties and sixties. Note, for example, how the captain (Maura) orders another crew member to “stay there” for no reason; as if moving to another place inside the ship would cause problems. Later, the commander orders the two crew members to remain on the ship while he and another go outside. The two whom he ordered to stay say “for nothing” and follow; At this point I did not have high hopes for the success of the expedition. There is much talk about "twitching the ears" and hugging the Cleo freezer pistol (short for Cleopatra, of course). At least, it would be quite funny, unintentionally, if the story did not drag on. <br /> <br /> Everything is very slow; Astronauts spend the same amount of time inspecting portals on a ship (which change color from red to blue), commenting on what they see, just as in fact, exploring the outside. The Martian landscape, advertised as filmed in Cinemagic, usually resembles clippings from animations or drawings shot through an orange-red filter to create the illusion of interaction with actors who look strangely surreal due to the process. But I don't think this is fooling someone over 10 years old. One clever mention that I noticed was that the memories of the surviving astronaut would be tinged with unreality, which explains the unreal nature of the Martian perspective. Oh, well ... <br /> <br /> I was amused by the actions of the astronauts when they began to investigate; From the very beginning, they check their freezer on the plant, killing it, just for the sake of it. A female member then cuts a machete on what she considers to be a tree, but turns out to be the foot of a spider-rat monster. Good, lady. Look next time. It is not surprising that the “intellect” on Mars is upset and does not object that one of the lower forms of life, the giant amoeba, attacks researchers. The game is not too impressive. Especially Mora had a very annoying technique: to utter words, and then suddenly erupt into a huge grin that always scared me - reminded me of that! terror from space. The ending is quite anti-climatic; do not expect any tremendous revelations other than "no more expeditions" with a freezing weapon named Cleo.
