Reading my review of THE HOUSE, WHICH IS YOUTH, many may assume that I am about 14 years old, and I think that SCREAM is considered a “classic” horror. This is not the case, since I am 30 years old, and most of my life I watch horror movies. But, admittedly, I am a child of the 80s who grew up on the Slasher / Zombies / Ghost / Cannibal, etc. horror films. Therefore, I usually prefer horror films, which are more graphic and more dynamic. Just like someone who can appreciate other music, painting or, in this case, a film — but not necessarily, like them — I can understand why some people like such a film ... I just don’t ... <br /> <br /> “The House that Shouted” is an extremely boring and tedious film about a school for naughty girls. The stiff mistress of the school controls with an iron hand (or whip in some cases ...) to keep the girls in line. She has a little son who crawls around and spies on the girls while they take a shower (in their nightgowns no less (?!?) ...), and in the meantime the girls disappear from school as they become the victim of the killer, who hiding on campus ... <br /> <br /> I understand why HOUSE, WHICH YOUTH are often compared to SUSPICIA (which, in my opinion, is a masterpiece of the film ...), in terms of the atmosphere, the school itself and the interaction between girls and their caretakers - but this film is so boring and without incident that I could barely fall asleep. I'm all for "tension" and "suspense" in horror films - but this film is not for me. Fortunately, I did not expect much from this, so I can’t say that I was really disappointed - THE HOUSE, WHICH IS YOUTH, just confirmed the fact that I personally do not like most horror films much older than 70s. This is not a hard and fast rule, but the ones I liked definitely seem to be the exception. It’s probably a must-see for horror fans who like more restrained and thought-provoking horror movies - but since I don’t know too many fans of this kind of material, I cannot recommend this ... 4/10
