60 minutes in beautiful Christine Galbo try to escape from an isolated boarding school, which she led at the beginning of the film. Is she running from some sort of fate, too terrible to contemplate, a monster, a killer in black gloves or a supernatural evil? No, she is running from hooligans. During the OTHER 40 minutes that follow, various figures walk around the school in dark candelabra looking alarmed or confused, which in itself says little, perhaps because excellent films were made about it, but if you let the characters walk along the corridors and stairs, it is better to be Alain Rene or better to understand this stairs in bright red and purple apples, such as Mario Bava. We know that the killer pursues the perimeters of the school, but its amount of body is miserable and rare, and in the absence of the intuitive horrors that can be found in the giallo, we do not have the feeling of sinister secrets / ineffable secrets festering behind the facade of order and piety and correctness - this is that the film La Residencia wants to see, but does not quite know how to do it. We know that something is wrong, because girls are said to be missing, but we will never get a premonition of a mysterious atmosphere that says that “something is damn wrong here, dude”. When Serrador tries to comment on the sexual repressions of female students, he does so with quick tantrums and detailed close-ups of the eyes and parted lips, while the high "amazing" musical cries in the background. Nothing of aesthetic beauty and longing of a PICNIC FOR THE WEIGHT OF TIME can be found here. It's all a bit awkward and pointless, with no real sense of urgency or direction. Several people are presented as suspects, but there is no particular reason to care for the identity of the killer, which remains unnoticed by the characters in the film. I like the first kill, the image of a knife hitting the target, superimposed on the painful face of the victim in the form of a lullaby bell in the background, but the rest is too insignificant for my taste. I must say that Serrador did much better with killing children and the paranoia of the only one who can kill a child?
