Virtually the only actor who is less likely to play "Evel Knuttown" than Hamilton is Anthony Perkins, but somehow Hamilton manages to play a fairly effective role (and, as a producer of the film, he is unlikely to be fired or he was not told right from this side!) The early life of the bold biker-motorcyclist is told here in several memoirs. The film begins with a rather stupid prologue with Hamilton in his snow-white, star-decorated mechanism that spews the world according to Medievalism, as if to say: “Don't worry. This film is about my youth, but I will be back. ” in my familiar costume by the end of the picture. "Hamilton is preparing for a huge leap, but still licking her wounds from the previous one, since Lyon's devoted wife supports and makes fun of him. He recalls the various vignettes of his childhood and teenage years, as well as his rider and blooming celebrity. This triggering approach is rather harsh and sometimes unrelated, but it does not allow the film to hold on to one of the low-cost sets for too long or get involved with pretty pedestrian characters. Hamilton, usually courteous and a lecherous person, does an excellent job with the smallest details of his subject’s manners and behavior, including his walk. His hair is a little lighter and longer, and he works hard to give the correct twists in his speech. a scanty towel, while his shoulders are covered with “scars” from numerous accidents.) At first glance, he is not at all like a real cyclist, but he does offer it in his physical performance, Lyon is excellent and raet young girl whom he loves, and then - a worldly wife, although her voice from the three parties in the day threatened to give out at any moment. They with Hamilton develop light chemistry, which is of great importance in turning the film. Other good support moves give Fried as his haggard doctor, Cameron as an early influence and Taylor as a flea-bitten attendant. The film was shot with a small budget, but the story is in any case rather low, so it doesn’t have much impact on it. The creators wisely used the actual places of Butte, Montana, to give the film a suitable atmosphere of a small town. Some of Hamilton’s antics are funny, although the character is definitely reckless and inattentive to someone else’s property! Some of the completed and failed tricks of the present "Middle Ages" are included in some blurry shots, one of which depicts stunning "splashes" in which a person is rolled up and grabbed like a rag doll. Hamilton's then-wife (Stuart) briefly appears as a nurse.
