Well, you may not actually see women in love in this film, but you will surely hear women talking about love, men talking about love, women talking about men, men talking about women, and men talking about men, and everyone talks about death, talks and talks, until you yourself want to shout and do things that you don’t need to say, for example, to paint your bedroom or water your plants. <br /> <br /> Welcome to the world of D.H. Lawrence, where psycho-chatter dominates and where no one can embark on a productive life, because everyone is too busy talking about how unproductive their life is. Spending time with the heroes of the novel by D.H. Lawrence is the same as being locked in a closet with a group of your most self-absorbed acquaintances from whom you would run away if you met them at a party. When I read "Women in Love", I so desperately wanted to strangle each character, but since I could not, I hoped that at least they were strangling each other. Alas, only one of them dies, not because of strangulation, and I will not spoil it to you by telling which one, in case you really do not care about this story or any of these people. <br /> <br /> To pay tribute to director Ken Russell, he makes this filmed version as interesting as possible in order to make this essentially indescribable novel. He throws away most of the psychological confusion that Lawrence adored, and focuses instead on all the disobedient roles, so we get a lot of historical love sex in flowerbeds and fields, two naked men fighting in the firelight, and one awkward scene with Alan Bates ( yes, naked again), wandering around the meadow, making love to the bushes and grass (I'm not kidding). Glenda Jackson won an Oscar for her role as Gudrun, the more dominant of the two sisters, who was the focus of the plot, and she certainly does her best to do something with this material; anyone could deserve an Oscar simply because he had to make a decision to give Russell a stage where she should dance wildly in front of a herd of mysterious looking cattle. Oliver Reed has one expression - intense radiance. All this is rewritten and redirected, and it is insanely polite. In fact, it vies with "Mommie Dearest" as perhaps the most unintentionally hysterical film I've ever seen. <br /> <br /> Rating: D
