"Prom Night" is a remake of the 1980 slasher film, which starred Jamie Lee Curtis and Leslie Nielsen. This film takes place in the city of Oregon, where Donna (Brittany Snow) is going to go to her prom night and allow herself to have fun after going through several extremely traumatic events over the past few years. She and her friends come to the prom, which takes place in a grand hotel, and try to enjoy the most fun night in her life. Few people know, the man from Donna’s past, who has been pursuing her for years, is also at the prom ... and is ready to kill someone by pursuing her. <br /> <br /> I'm a fan of the original “Prom Night”, so I tried to keep hope in this film, but I have to admit that I was very disappointed. "Prom Evening" suffers from the worst ailment a horror movie can have, and this is predictability. There are absolutely no surprises here, and I felt that I had seen how everything in this film was done dozens of times, often better, before. What does this mean for the audience? Boredom. If, of course, you have never seen a horror movie or are not part of a teenage crowd, but most viewers are likely to be able to guess almost everything that happens. The plot is simplified, but the whole script is devoid of any surprises, turns, atmosphere or anything else, and it really hurts for the film, because it never gives the viewers anything to dive into. It all seemed very boring. <br /> <br /> Many people seem to complain about the fact that this is a PG-13 slasher film, and I understand what they are saying, but I do not think that it is impossible to make a good slasher with a minimum amount of blood. Take Carpenter’s Halloween, for example — there’s almost no violence on the screen, but it’s still an extremely frightening and effective movie. You don’t need blood to make a movie scary, but even if “Prom Night” were unreasonably cruel (which isn’t true, it’s very tame), it would still add a bit to the film because there’s not much . script to build for a start. Tensions and tensions are moderate at best, and I spent most of the film predicting the outcome of the situations, and was right about 99% of the time. Our characters are not well written enough for the audience to associate something with them, and their death by numbers is routine and negligence. <br /> <br /> I will point out some things that I like about this film, though, because it was not completely useless - the cinema was really good, and everything was very well filmed and quite stylish. Among the "jumping" panic (which for the most part is very predictable) were a few clever. The sets for the film are also good, and the hotel is a great place to uncover the plot, however predictable it may be. As for acting, at best, it is mediocre. Brittany Snow plays a decent role, but in fact the rest of the cast doesn't show much talent. Jonathan Shek plays the villain and is probably the most experienced performer here, but even he is not so impressive. However, I liked the character he played, which was a nice change from the typical killer of the “masked pursuer” type that we often see. As for the finals, the last fifteen minutes of the film made me bored to the very end, and it was very anti-climatic. <br /> <br /> Overall, the Promenade was a disappointment. Everything was very much in quantity, routine, and predictable, which is somewhat frustrating, given that it could be a worthy killer movie. There were a few pleasant moments, but there was no waiting time, no atmosphere, no plot, no believable characters in the film. I would advise experienced horror fans to save their money and wait until they appear on the video, or rent the original, because there are absolutely no surprises here. Some may find it a little fun, but it was too predictable for my tastes. I expected better and left the theater very disappointed. 3/10.
