Can you say Lew Grade production per mile? distinctly British style; epic in concept; populated by international star strikes; Usually installed in exotic countries. This is the formula that Grade and his company ITC used during the 1970s - early 1980s, with the result that such names as “Eagle landed”, “Firepower” and “Raise Titanic” appeared! In 1977, Grade released March Or Die, an amazingly old-fashioned adventure of the Foreign Legion, which modeled all the characteristics mentioned above. Directed usually by reliable Dick Richards ?? who headed the famous "Goodbye, my beauty" just a couple of years ago - March or death - this is a sad disappointment. <br /> <br /> A company of foreign legionaries led by the stern disciplinary General Foster (Jean Hackman) is soon sent to Morocco. after the First World War. Their mission is to protect the archaeological team, led by the devotee Francois Marnot (Max von Sidow). Archaeologists are excavating the ancient city of Erfoud, but fear the attacks of Arab tribesmen after the destruction of an earlier archaeological group. Foster is not happy with the appointment ?? he does not consider historical artifacts worthy of his people risking their lives. This creates a constant tension between him and Marno, who believes that the legionaries must sacrifice their lives in order to make excavations possible. Problems are exacerbated when a beautiful woman named Simone Picard (Catherine Deneuve) along with legionnaires. She hopes to find out what happened to her father, a historian abducted by Arabs, when they destroyed the first archaeological group. Her presence awakens desires among legionnaires, no more than the Gypsy thief Marco Segreyn (Terence Hill), a charming and courageous rogue who initially shows indifference to his legionnaire colleagues, but gradually grows in height. The culmination of events is a grand battle in Erfoud, when flocks of united Arab tribes fight a handful of legionnaires who are desperately trying to protect their lives. <br /> <br /> On paper, the star duo of Gene Hackman and Terence Hill seem to be a mismatch ?? Hackman is a heavyweight Oscar-winning actor Hill, a beautiful but limited Italian heartthrob from numerous westerns with a low budget spaghetti. You can expect Hackman to film his colleague from the screen. Nevertheless, oddly enough, it is Hackman who exhibits weak and unattractive characteristics, while Hill raises his game to a surprisingly high level. The film is attractively filmed in deserted places, but the pace is very slow, and some characters are worth taking care of. Is the music of Maurice Jarre unusually flat too ?? very disappointing the guy who gave us the score of Lawrence of Arabia. It is noteworthy that someone had the courage to try an old-fashioned adventure of this type in the 70s (this genre peaked in the 30s and was forgotten over the past decades). Unfortunately, the game does not really pay off ?? this respect for legionary films of olden times becomes a shock rather than a march.
