We see the body of a dead girl in the morgue with a coroner trying to close the girl's eyes, but no matter what he tries, they will not remain open. After that, we move into the future and follow a group of former school friends who hide a terrible secret, but suddenly they are touched one after another in many terrible ways. From the memories we learn about this terrible suicide of a shy girl who tried to be one of the group, but they were closed by them, because they dug up her past and found some strange cases. So she returned from the grave in search of revenge? <br /> <br /> Oh, what a wonderful and always creepy story! Well, this is what I hope to say. And the “hope” was as good as it got. This is a memorable, so-so supernatural horror film, which I actually watched before, but I thought it was my first viewing. So, to my surprise, I was amazed when I started to deal with some things, but, as I said, this is a rather easily forgotten mix, which again resembled the first viewing. “Nightmare” is just another type of field that adds “a few” changes to the mess. Oh please give me something more fresh. It doesn’t have to be completely original, but it’s one of the formulas and at times a rather tired horror film by J. Terribly, although he strains on the usual ghost story in which you guessed correctly - the evil, vengeful spirit of chickens. <br /> <br /> But, despite my negativity, it was the same old, same old story and turmoil. This kind of entertains when it is terrible and appears in some creepy visual images. Deaths are brightly shown with a bite and some originality. While the dark atmosphere repels the audience with a dark light. The first scene with the participation of the spirit, terrorizing one of the girls, is one of heartbreaking experiences, but in fact, when she does not try to shock you. I found that it was rather a coma, and I thought about silencing a little. This may be abrupt, but it was just between these upheavals that there was no interest in the moments. You could say that because the alleged mystery is not really one thing, the uncertain story is just plain, and the characters are an egocentric heap, and you don’t care what happens to them. The disconnected story should have focused more on the spirit than on these soft characters who have unconvincing group relationships. He just outplayed his cards, becoming too confused and taking too long to start, that when it comes to climax, it's just ridiculous. The fascinating finale of the film, however, is a highlight. <br /> <br /> The film looks good, although it could do without smart, quick fire editing, and the music was a bit domineering to cheer up. The performances are held on a thin line, but Gew-rie Kim is strong in the title role. <br /> <br /> This is nothing new, and it shamelessly steals ideas, but if you look into the past, it gives you some unpleasant feelings. Although, I found that his treatment was rather sluggish, despite the strange effective chills. I guess this is a standard effort, but it’s still the same.
