In the Sholay version, Ram Gopal Verma is decided on what may be called an unknown territory, where the blockbuster takes on a new form. Thakur goes south. Mohanlal, like Narsimha, a police inspector whose family was killed, is seeking revenge in the style of madrasas. The accent is completely South Indian in contrast to Thakur from the north. The cutting off of the hands of Thakur by Gabbar is also cut off to the fingers of Aag. Thus, the cost of makeup is reduced, because you do not need to make an effort to hide the hands, instead, only Kurt with long shoulders covers the cut fingers. Moreover, at the climax, when Thakur uses his legs and says: “To Tere Lia to just think, kaafi hi”, here Narsimha uses his cigarette butts to shoot a gun and kill the villain. Babban, the new avatar of Gabbara, is also different. He is not from Bihar or UP. He is Bambaya. Gabbard's famous laugh this time also consists of two parts and is more restrained. Babban asks Diwali instead of Holi and suggests that Urmile replace Helen in Mehuba. He also dances and loves to dance with Abhisheh, who plays Jalal Aga in Mehbooba. Babban is more intelligent this time. He throws an apple and asks a question that made Isaac Newton discover the laws of gravity. Basanti is more verbose than the Auto Ghungroo driver. Nirat Kothari cannot play auto-driver and looks too artificial, using words like “entertain” and “too much.” Viru was fun, while Ajay Devgun is not suitable for this role. God speaks to the incident in Basanthi, and the shooting lessons, the Koi Hasin song, and the sequences with the water tank are painful. The water tank turns into a well, and drunken Devgun is so bad in the sequence that viewers would like him to commit suicide. Jai was calm and serious. Prashant Raj is better than others because we do not expect anything from him. But he also spoils the Mausi sequence. He is not as romantic as Jai with a harmonica. The role of Jaya, played by Sushmita, changes his career. This time the clean housewife turns into a doctor, and after her husband is killed, he enters a full-time social service. She also lacks the pain Jaya showed. This time her flirtations with Jay are more open. This time Samba plays a big role in the role of Tamba. This time, he doesn’t need to direct weapons and answer Gabbar’s questions. He follows Babban, wherever he goes, and is a bodyguard with more visibility outside the den. Horses give way to jeeps and cars. The shelter of Gabbara is constantly changing here, and Ramgarh becomes Kaliganj. In general, it is more deceit than anything else. RGV offers its own interpretation of the classics. But we remember the original so well even after three decades, that our minds refuse to accept stylized versions and altered dialogues. So we call it a hoax. Therefore, Mr. R.G.V. (Sholay) and Farhan Akhtar (Don) and J.P. Dutta (Umrao Jaan) stop making remixes and start making originals.
