Sholay: considered one of the greatest films. I always wondered if they would ever remake to be a classic of this. It was a time when RGV announced this film, and I was somewhat excited to see it. I always thought that maybe it would be a good movie, but every week we will change something here RGV. And this film is a B-Grade film that I did not hope for. <br /> <br /> I really tried to look for positives, but I promised not to let Sholai into my head. The cinematography is awesome. The film is trying to be their own. But this is the positive side. The sequence of actions is weak. The script had the potential. The biggest drawback is editing. None of the scenes bother you. For example, comedic episodes seemed very irrelevant and forced. Ironically, because the comedy was just as interesting in the original. And none of the characters is designed. And no scenes linger until the end. And the final was very disappointing. <br /> <br /> The biggest question is acting. Amitabh Bachchan was good as Gabbar Singh, nothing special. It seemed that they were too focused on his look, that the character only looked threatening, but it did not scare you. Mohanlal is hardly in the film, but he is impressive in his several scenes. Ajay Devgan was decent. The performance was not so big, he gave everything, it was a weak script. Prashant Raj is very confident in himself, and he has the potential to move forward with the best films. <br /> <br /> I was most expecting Sushmitu Sen, who was probably the best of them all. She was expressive, but it was still not enough. Niche Kothari surprised me. She seemed disinterested for the most part, but her emotional scene after the death of her friend was pretty good. Looks like she needs to find a director who will help her talent, not her cute appearance. But most of all I was disappointed with chemistry. Ajay Devgan and Prashant Raj were not like friends. Ajay-Nish were not a strong couple. There was no passion between Sushmita and Prashant. And Amitabha and Mohanlal did not have the hateful passion they needed. <br /> <br /> As for the songs, they pretty much sucks. Urmila Mehbooba was too bloated, and I pretty much overslept it. It was however pleasantly dancing. The Holi number was pleasant, but not memorable. The same applies to other songs. For someone who was looking forward to this film, I was very disappointed. I had high hopes for RGV because of his Jungle, but it seems that he lost his talent during the filming of this film. But hopefully he will restore his talent for Sarkar Raj. But this film is better to forget. All positives still do not compensate for a boring movie.
