I can't come up with enough words to describe the horror that I felt sitting in this cinema, watching Ramgopal Varma Key Aag, the director’s hesitant attempt to pay homage to this classic Bollywood western Sholay. The biggest problem with Varma's remake is that he doesn't even try to make a credible film. In every frame of this film, it is obvious that Varma’s heart is simply not in it. What you see on the screen is, at best, a bad joke, a trick by the director, and it hurts you to see how little he relates to the film, which, he claims, he was a fan of his whole life. I have seen some bad films over the years, but I can't remember one that was just as torture to watch as this one. Consider yourself very brave if you are able to survive the entire movie, because it tests your patience, as several films have done before. Varma can borrow his plot and characters from the original film, but his version is banal and empty and does not have any spirit and energy of Sholay. Ramgopal Varma Ki Aag is actually a mockery of this timeless treasure, because it turns out that this is all that was not in the original film - too much, too long, too boring and completely pointless. Varma parodies very favorite moments from Sholai, and for that you want to twist his neck. In this film, one of the most memorable scenes in Hollier, in which Dharmendra, in the role of Fan, climbs onto a reservoir of water and threatens to jump to his death, unfolds in a film with Ajay Devgan, who shoots a hero, shooting himself. How would you like him to pull the trigger and save us from all the anguish. Not only Ramgopal Varma Ki Aag failed as a remake of Sholai, but this is a pretty bad effort even as a separate film. The damaging tympanic membrane background score is more like someone rumbling blood vessels in the kitchen, and camera work alternates between dramatic and dizzying rotation. The actors of this film are partners of this terrible crime connected with the demonstration of this ridiculous film. Sushmita Sen, the widow of Devi, takes both her role and the film too seriously, emphasizing her lines with pauses, looking at the camera for effect and generally speaking as if her life depended on it. Mohanlal, like Narsimha, struggles with his dialogue in Hindi and looks embarrassed to convey some of the most stupid lines in his illustrious career. Newcomer Prashant Raj, who plays the equivalent of Jaya, Raj has no acting skills to talk about, and he cannot strengthen the reverie that Amitabh Bachchan brought to the role in the original film. As a hero, a fan of a new generation, Ajay Devgan is completely hopeless, failing miserably in his attempts at comedy. But the weakest link in the film, easily the most shocking decision about the casting, is Nisha Kothari as Gunhro, who enters into the skin of Khema Malini as Basanti, a sweet sigh from Sholai. Nicara Kothari is not only the worst actress in this country, but perhaps the worst actress in the whole world, she gives the word, an annoying completely new meaning, and she makes you want to cut your wrists every time she appears on the screen. And then there is Amitabh Bachchan playing Babban Singh, Ramgopal Varma's version of the most popular villain of the Hindi cinema Gabbara Singh. The only actor in this ensemble who recognizes the excessive tone of the film and plays accordingly, Bachchan creates a formidable character who is pleasant to watch. He must be a comic book villain who growls, sneers, and hisses, and ham, and does all this with good effect. But since he was trapped in such a doomed enterprise, his performance in fact does not help raise the film. There are no surprises here, I’m going from zero out of ten and two thumbs down for Ramgopal Varma Ki Aag, this is one of these painful experiences when watching movies that you wouldn’t even subject the enemy to. Not that Varma had never done a remake before. With Sarkar, he gave us a clever, breathtaking look at the Godfather, and it is a pity that he made this Sholay bhature out of such a favorite classic. Ramgopal Varma Ki Aag is his worst decision in his entire career, it’s also a dark spot in his resume that he will be confused for ever. I suspect this film will go down in film history as Ramgopal Varma Ka Daag.
