In fact, the drama "Anna" reveals the true truth that all actors grow old and sometimes disappear. Anna is a character who believes that America is her safety net, her home, and this can't make her wrong? but she refuses to belittle herself to do work that she does not believe in. She is stubborn, optimistic, stubborn and arrogant when it comes to her life, but not afraid to let others in, but throws them at any moment, Anna slaps between personalities, which makes this film the ideal of an aging star, but not the idea of ​​a viewing audience. “Anna” was praised for her star Sally Kirkland, and her ability to get “grungy” for the role, but a month later in 2008, “Anna” does not remain the main product of film culture. It is dated, boring and formally chaotic. <br /> <br /> Director Yurek Bogaevich hides in “Anna” a message about the lies of Czechoslovakia, both politically and socially, but Kirkland refuses to allow them to push it to the background. Bogaevich is not afraid to play with the camera, use wooden frames to make Kirkland stand out, and he is not afraid to reduce the surrounding characters, so when you leave the film, you remember Kirkland. If it’s not obvious, I don’t like this movie. Since the opening of the first act and deep in the second, “Anna” felt like a high school theatrical production. The characters did not exist, there was no enlightening prediction, and there was no definition of time and place. There was Sally Kirkland, who stubbornly said that she was better than other actresses who were fighting for the same lifestyle as she. By chance, she meets a friend, a young girl who also traveled long distances to get to America for glitz and glamor, and two of them (within 20 minutes) are building a friendship that can destroy all the walls. It is emotionally boring and incredible. Again, by chance, we meet the guy Anne Daniel (played by the weak Robert Fields), who does not contribute to the table in terms of definition or character ?? only to draw attention to Anna Kirkland. For almost two hours, we observe how more and more random actions in combination with unnamed characters intertwine with each other in order to weakly create a story that is united by free threads ?? and Sally Kirkland. Arg, it hurts me to keep saying that, but Anna could have been a fantastic film if Bogaevich presented an equal time between Anna, Daniel and Christina, but instead we have to participate in a one-sided game where emotional scenes speak louder than the plot. <br /> <br /> Charlie Theron found inspiration for her role without beauty in Monster or Halle Berry in Monster's Ball? Was Sally Kirkland one of the first actresses to discover that by allowing herself to play the role of a character, Oscar would shine in their direction? Throughout this film I was disgusted with the image of Kirkland Anna and Bogaevich’s lack of excitement about anything else fugitive. Bogaevich gives us Anna, who does not work hard for her parts, does not care about others, and, as a rule, is the mean spirit ?? yet should we sympathize with her? At the beginning of the film, she imposes on others what she wants to do, and gets upset when she doesn’t get her way. Of course, aging actresses might like me, but Kirkland creates a more childish character instead of mature. This is where Anna could improve. If it were a mature Kirkland, I would have devoured him, but it was impossible to believe Anna at this stuttering nursery. While my favorite scene was near the end, where Anna goes to watch one of her old films, which is played (including characters with absurdity), and the film burns, this scene is also one of my least loved ones. Anna has made a phenomenal life for herself, creating films and creating a dream, but when someone else wants to get into this center of attention, she is jealous and outraged. It didn't make for a character I wanted to defend or win an Oscar. In combination with the classic 80's background synthesizer, outrageous upper wardrobe and offset end (where did it come from and what happened ??) ?? "Anna" went far into the framework of an amazing movie. It was a show, an opportunity for an aging star to yell at the world again. In this he worked, but I do not think that I would be fooled again. <br /> <br /> Overall, I cannot say that I was impressed with this film. Anna is not a movie about an aging movie star; it's about Sally Kirkland and ONLY about Sally Kirkland. Bogaevich is trying to do more with history, but fails either because Kirkland will not allow him, or he simply understands that it is not enough to support the full story. There are one or two decent scenes in this film, but nothing advertises this film as innovative or influential. Bogaevich did not create a character to whom the audience would believe, tore off or devoted Sunday afternoon ?? he created annoyance. Kirkland was not Anna, she was an actress, playing her a bit too far and harsh on the sides. Perhaps I missed the scope of this film, but what makes films like this one is the collaboration of all the participants. This was not the case here. In Anna, Kirkland orders Daniel to behave like a dog (apparently, as a symbolic act), and yet throughout the entire emotional scene I could not help but think that it was Kirkland for those who were on the set. She did not do it in the film, she turned it into her own production, and because of this, “Anna” failed. I can not offer this to anyone ?? from one Czech to another ?? miss it! <br /> <br /> Rating: * ½ of ***** (for that annoying theatrical scene that scared me)
