This show has some redemptive qualities. First, the theme tune has a decent tune. The show is really a good premise. Besides, I'm probably outnumbered, but I like Wanda. I like the fact that she cares and looks more like Timmy. However, despite all this, I don’t like this show, it’s not excrement, but I find it very annoying. <br /> <br /> I would not say that this is the best animated show on Planet Earth. When I use this term for an animated television show, I think of Peter Pan and the Pirates, I think of the Dark-Wing Duck, I think of Scooby-Doo, and I think of Talespin. And I hope that I'm not the only one who really likes Wild Thornberrys, and I resent the fact that it makes fun. I don’t think that “Honestly Strange Parents” is the worst animated show on planet earth. I accept that it is annoying, and in a sense overestimated, but this is not the worst show on Nicolod. This is the Chalk Zone, the god of this show is unobservable. But the worst animation show I've ever seen is “Shaggy and Scooby Doo: Get a Hint”, which is roughly animated, unfunny and frankly shameful. <br /> <br /> I don’t like the animation in this show. Characters, forgive me if I'm offended, have very strange features, and many backgrounds are dull and have no color, which makes it so pleasant to look at Spongebob Squarepants and Wild Thornberrys. Characters, with the exception of Wanda, really annoy me. I can't believe that such a talented actress as Tara Strong (she is Charendoff) was voiced by Timmy. Timmy, I don’t find a very cute main character, he is annoying and sometimes patronizes, and he also makes bad decisions. And his voice gets on my nerves. I really like Strong, but not in this show. Another annoying character is Cosmo, a supposedly funny character. Instead, his jokes are as unfamiliar as they could be. They are either a) far-fetched, or b) over acquaintances. Timmy's parents are horrible characters who do not complain about their son, and their personalities are very thin in nature. <br /> <br /> The subject lines are for the most part very unoriginal, and I continue to think where I have seen it before. Episodes after the arrival of the child, I thought, were inaccessible for observation. Even worse, the scenarios are very unfunny, childish, reckless, and suffering from a complete lack of energy. <br /> <br /> In general, not the worst show in the entire history, but rather bad for a fan of animation and rather uncomfortable to sit until the end. 3/10 - there are redemptive qualities, and I fully understand whether people like it. Bethany Cox
