I first started watching this show, probably in 2003 or 2004 with my friends. Of course, at that time I was younger and enjoyed some jokes on this show. I was 11 in 2003 and I am now 14 (2007). Although my age probably plays an important role in how I rate this show, after reading the reviews of others, I came to the conclusion that after the third season this show went down the tubes. I agree. This show is nasty, repetitive and usually focuses on one plot. <br /> <br /> The show revolves around Timmy Turner, who was provided with two Fairy godparents, because basically his life was awful - his parents were never around, and he was a nasty nanny. The plot of the whole show is that this child (Timmy) and his godparents always want some destruction that cannot be prevented by making another wish, because something in the “Rules Yes” says that they cannot. There are a lot of recurring lines in the series, such as “magic cannot destroy true love, super toilet” or even just a few playful jokes that Nickelodeon probably found funny and decided to add an episode at different times. <br /> <br /> The show is intended for children under 10 years of age because it includes rude situations and “children's humor”, which most children of my age do not care about. Choosing a character's voice could also be better. Timmy has a very loud, shrill, feminine voice, like Cosmo. Wanda sounds like an old lady. Timmy's dad sounds like an announcer or game show host, Timmy's mom's voice is too exaggerated to sound feminine. Attitude in this show: in some episodes, Timmy speaks back and acts spoiled and snobbish. Wanda is clearly smart and wise. Cosmo is stupid, stupid and unable to think like Timmy's dad. Timmy's mom seems to end up doing what dad Timmy does. <br /> <br /> The show is too far from reality for me to like. Maybe when I was little I could see more humor in this show, but as he gets older he really gets older. And not to appear to be missed or "loud", but the show has that mentality that makes you want to commit murderous activities in relation to the characters. Such a show should be your attitude, if you know what I mean. If not, it is mostly disgusting to you.
