What begins as a gentle country yarn, a harmless and slightly pleasant romantic tale, changes tempo as the initially charming Harlan Edward Norton gradually reveals more about himself, and things begin to change for the sinister, as the film gradually changes from a southern novel to a modern wild western. <br /> <br /> A friendly rancher (Norton) roams the city and captivates a young girl (Evan Rachel Wood), who seemed to save her from a dead end with her hot-tempered father with a tumultuous romance, but gradually it becomes obvious that this cowboy has something more than it seems at first glance. <br /> <br /> Edward Norton ?? a real chameleon actor (with a changing hairstyle on his face), playing in country style, with a slightly tricky accent, but perhaps because he is just trying to play a role without worrying about the accent. He certainly makes it seem easy to make all the nuances, small adjustments when we learn more about Harlan. However, due to too many small changes, this means that we can never know exactly where Harlan will come from, and what seemed good to Norton is gradually becoming confused. Evan Rachel Wood is cute because he really has nothing to do but to knock on Norton for centuries. <br /> <br /> Down in the valley, the tale is a bit uneven due to the change of pace, and never actually clarifying the motives of the main character, the audience’s sympathy for the characters remains uncertain. Do we like this drifter or not? Even after a dramatic turn of events, this remains unclear. This ambiguity damages the film, as if the author could not decide what story they would like to tell, and agreed to some kind of hot reaction. If the film had remained one way or another, it could have been a solid film, but since this is what we have left, it is a bit of a mess. Fans of the old-fashioned novel will love part of the film, but a darkened tone will alienate them. Completist Norton fans aside (or fans of the magnificent landscape of the San Fernando Valley) miss it.
