When I first saw the trailer for Prom Night, I have to admit that the trailer looked good and it would be a funny horror movie. So my friend and I watched the prom last night, and I must say that I must be growing up, because it was such a movie of ridicule, not to mention that I was so tired of typical horror films with loud sounds as an excuse to scare people. There was no stress, characters, how was I supposed to take care of them? They had no development, that in general, the killer ?! Oh my God, it was probably the stupidest serial killer that ever existed, I know this is a movie, but why did a man who never (or, at least, we do not know) ever killed anyone, did you kill a family of girls and friends, that he was just obsessed? I mean, was he going to kidnap her or was he going to kill her? I have no idea, because this film does not make sense and is too predictable and offensive for true horror fans. <br /> <br /> Donna's family was just brutally murdered by her teacher, who became very obsessed with her, he was captured and put in prison. Three years have passed, and she only now gets a little peace of mind in her life, she even goes to her graduation party. But the killer escaped and still thinks about Donna, he follows her to the prom, which means bad news for her friends, the hotel maid and the bell boy, because it's a good idea to kill the maid and the bell boy, so no one will suspicious enough to check where these employees are. Donna is in big trouble, because this killer, who is clearly a man, apparently, can quietly penetrate houses and can so quietly kill people, simply, wow. <br /> <br /> Sorry, I really wanted to. I like this movie, we haven’t had a good slasher for a long time, but it was just a stupid movie that didn’t impress me. Just the situations were incredible, and the actors were disgusting. I know that it was a PG-13 film, but I just like the way someone was brutally stabbed and there is only a little blood on his blood? Not to mention the piercing holes? I would not recommend this film to anyone, if you are not a teenager, this film was made for teenagers, not for adults, and not for those who know a real horror film, no offense to those who really enjoyed this film, but I do not I understand how someone could. <br /> <br /> 2/10
