“The Hazing” is one of those films that I always wanted to watch solely on the basis of an illustrated cover here on IMDb. Yes, how small I am! I don't care if ten million people call it a crap movie, the poster looks amazing, so I guess I just need to watch it ?? Now, "The Hazing" can be somewhat described as its alternative name: curious! The poster and the title make it look like a real horror film, shot on campus and dedicated to sinister initiation rites, but in reality this film is more like a cross between a comedy and a thriller. First, in the slogan on the old VHS box, which I watched, something was wrong. He says: did he have good grades, a good girl and good friends ?? until they put him through Dedovshchina. "In fact, this is not the case. The main character, Gilbert Lewis, is finally accepted on the famous campus thanks to athletics scholarships. More than half of the film passes before we learn about his girlfriend at home and only" buddy "he has a very nerdy Charles Martin Smith (still with hair in this film). They are both approached to become members of the prestigious Delt Brotherhood, but during their non-stat exam in which they must go down neat white panties "Barney falls off a cliff and breaks his leg. When Lewis returns with the other frat boys, Barney freezes already. Together they set out to keep the body frozen for five days, and then claim that he never returned from a skiing trip at the weekend. When Barney's body is hidden in the cafeteria freezer, Lewis must cover it so that Barney's absence doesn’t look suspicious.The setting of Hazing is quite original and potentially innovative, but the Blame here is that the performance could be much better. The tone is too even and too serious for a comedy film, even black, but on the other hand, there are no proper attempts to create tension or thrill. The soundtrack is fun and full of frivolous melodies, but this is not enough to turn this film into a comedy. About an hour after the beginning of the film, the plot was also exhausted by ideas, and the creators have no better alternative to fill the void with romantic selections of Lewis and his girlfriend from the city who ride bicycles through the countryside. I did not like the final turn, because it is rather implausible because it was done many times before and after (although admittedly after). “The Hazing” is not a waste of time, but, nevertheless, I am glad that I found the home of a former rental tape instead of spending money on a recently released DVD.
