The soloist has all the ingredients to impress the Academy. Its director, Joe Wright, is already the author of the best image of the candidate. The lead actor, Robert Downey Jr., starred in a widely celebrated superhero movie. Finally, the film itself is a drama. When he was mysteriously withdrawn from the release at the end of 2008, viewers and critics were confused. Now that I saw it, I assure you, Universal does not just postpone this film to promote Iron Man-Oscar. “Soloist” is a weak drama without external conflict, which is significantly inferior to any of the best candidates in 2009. <br /> <br /> Downey and his colleague Jamie Foxx should not be blamed for this accident. Joe Wright is mostly to blame, but even he cannot save history for life. Many films are too complex and repel viewers. This one is unusually simple. This is a film about newspaper reporter Steve Lopez (Downey), who is friends with homeless musician Nathaniel Ayers (Jamie Foxx). That's all. Ayers is schizophrenic and does not resonate with Lopez's traditional approach to friendship. Two become friends. They start this film as acquaintances and are his best friends by the end. Tension consists of these moments: will Ayers allow him to take Lopez to a homeless shelter? This material would be better suited for the production of television series than for feature films. <br /> <br /> Wright includes many scenes with cheap humor to hide the lack of content. Lopez fights with the raccoons desecrating the yard in what I consider a subplot. Do you remember when this happened in the "Atonement" or "Pride and Prejudice"? These films were sufficiently structured to allow for occasional jokes, but nothing was so delayed. Ayers story is revealed when it is not required. Worst of all, these scenes are not connected and appear at arbitrary intervals. This is a way of recognizing that the main plot is not very attractive. Nathaniel was a hard-core violin prodigy (I was also). This is a fabricated attempt to arouse sympathy from Ayers, when most of us already have it. He is a homeless schizophrenic who cries loudly! The film to some extent conveys the love of humanity to music, like Amadeus and Beethoven Lives Upstairs. However, it is not as effective as any of these pictures. The entire film is based on Ayers schizophrenia. Ultimately, this is how it interacts with everyone else. It is pleasant to be a musician, but it is hardly worth including it. The film does not include this feature completely in his persona. Remove the music from Amadeus or Beethoven at the top, and the film will not remain. The soloist is more about friendship in general than about music. Nathaniel could be a writer or film critic, and a few lines of dialogue would have to be seriously changed. <br /> <br /> This is just Joe Wright's third film, and his first, not romantic, starring Keira Knightley. Hopefully, this film is not an indication of how limited his abilities are. There are stylistic nods to his early works, but the Soloist is much weaker than any of them. In her defense, Universal should not have agreed to the wide distribution of this picture. This film seems to have been created specifically for Imagine Entertainment (Changeling distributors). I would not be so disappointed if there were a limited release. His bad cash counts can prevent the spread of the best dramas on a national scale.
