The prom night is filmed with an artistic look that someone gives, while at the same time carefully creating the original Lifetime film. You know one. In October of this year, Lifetime rests on a bold story about a surviving woman (enter the name of the disease) to tell a somewhat creepy story about a woman being chased by a former stalker boyfriend. Is it dramatic ?? is it juicy ?? it is very boring. It does nothing to advance the genre, tells the original story or seeks ANY novelty. Prom night divides this position. Watching the killer piercing holes in his victims, we silently sit when they fall to the floor without spilling a drop of blood. It occurred to me that it was the purest killer in film history. <br /> <br /> Our director works with a rather cute killer, so he has to look at the camera at an angle so that he seems more creepy. Think about Matthew McConaughey coming at you with a knife. Would you probably go ?? "Oh! A good guy is going to kill me? Naaaa." Not scary even for a second, so the director throws Shayek in the shadow and over his shoulder in the mirror. This mirror shot is repeated before the illness, as it practically becomes the creator's fetish. In this film you will get 15 panic jumps, 2 of which made me jump on a date (I can say that she is afraid of EVERYTHING). I would also like to mention that she decided to take a nap halfway through the film and once threatened to leave me. <br /> <br /> As if this film was not quite divided, it seems to be torn apart. I'm not saying that it looks like the cue points were left on the floor of the cutting room, as the team scrambled to save some semblance of a horror movie; I say that when a movie moves from scene to scene, you often get a sharp jump. This is what you expect when the film lights up, and the projectionist is forced to glue the ends together, cross your fingers and hope for the best. The editor must be shot. <br /> <br /> With the plot you can combine two sentences: one blood spray, an emo killer, and the intensity of a special episode of Silver Spoons, did we leave without reason to support the horror this weekend ?? at least on the big screen. In fact, this is the film that should be punished. Is it really so hard to make a scary movie? Did this team know that they were shooting a horror movie ?? !! A complete waste of my and your time. I bit the bullet to get this review. Do not let my sacrifice be in vain. DO NOT GO INTO FILM !!!
