When you insert this DVD into the player and press the Play button, you will feel a short minute of silence and you will see a black screen as the laser is directed to the correct starting point in the center of the disc. PURPOSE THIS MOMENT. Make sure you have Tylenol or something else (preferably PM so you can fall asleep), because you will have a severe headache as soon as this film starts. <br /> <br /> In the lead role, a bunch of big-breasted girls and with a discovery that actually made me laugh a little, I thought I would have a good time. Of course, the initial sequence was a bit clumsy, and most of the jokes were unsuccessful, and it seemed that it would be Scream plagiarism (by the way, my only chuckle was from Julie Strain’s last comment in this scene). But then I realized that there were problems ... the intro part had a terrible rock song. During this terrible rock song, I looked at the titles of the DVD chapters and saw the words “TOPLESS IN THE BACKYARD!” And “BETTER THAN SEX!” I knew what this movie would be for sale. <br /> <br /> And this is a sad truth: the only good thing about this film is an attractive cast. In addition, this is a sadly routine slasher film that incorporates the “innovative” concept of murder clubs, which ultimately turns out to be fake. So the whole movie then points in a different direction to try and confuse this huge mystery, but it all just comes down to being completely uninteresting and leaves you with the feeling that you don’t care about any of the characters. I mean, when it turns out that the main character of the movie killed an innocent woman, can you really feel ANY sympathy for her when she is afraid for her life? The influence of Creek is widespread everywhere, with a ghostly killer and some really terrible jokes. We are also seen in scenes in which the main character talks to her mom and dad (Lloyd Kaufman! The only other cool part of the movie!) About abortion or something like that. Uh Yes ... This is not a film "so bad, this is good," it is just BAD. <br /> <br /> Someone compared it to the movie “Troma,” but ... you know, almost any film that comes from a full moon (or its branches, as this film proves), is terrible. Not terribly in the sense of Troma - I have seen a lot of Troma films, and I can honestly say that they all offer something, ANYTHING with which you can leave and tell your friends later. However, this movie is nothing pleasant. Caution.
