The killer, wearing a white plastic mask and black coat, kills friends of Hollywood producer Shawn Banning (Danny Wolsk), who inherited his position when someone cut his former employer from crotch to chest. Perhaps the psychopath is the newly hired Maddie (Dabbi Rochon), an attractive, black-haired beauty with a problem family past, tormented by nightmares. Sean and his friends play a practical joke on Maddie regarding the alleged Murder Club, which they founded, where each participant randomly chose a victim for the murder. When Maddie accidentally killed a woman in the garage because of the dent caused by this man in her car, she found that Sean's friends were tearing her chain. But Sean and his comrades are concerned about Maddie’s admission to murder and are considering the possibility of turning her into the proper authority. Deciding to wait for a certain decision, each participant becomes a victim of a psycho in a white mask, and Maddie suspects, given the fact that she had already killed before. Or is someone else behind these murders? A low-budget slasher, an executive producer created by Charles Band, with blood kills that can't convince a lot of boobs and the stupid character of Allen Nabors Chris could entertain those with low expectations. The killings include an abdomen open with an intestine, a cut neck, an electrical cord thrown into a pool where it fries a female victim who had a whole day to escape, an ax hidden in the back of a male victim and, to top it off, a couple strangled with a rope during their sexual climax (.. for added effect, the killer uses the socket wrench jumper as an extra lever to twist the rope as tight as possible by clicking on their neck). There are enough holes in the plot to drive through the truck, for example, why Maddie has nightmares of murder she didn’t commit, how she could kill someone so cruelly (with blood around her) when she wakes up in her bed, leaving nothing - either at the scene of the crime, which could easily have mixed her up, and how Sean could have held out for so long, allowing her to continue working for the company, despite the fact that she told about the murder she committed and the constant desire to join the alleged club, which not 'he existed Vova. <br /> <br /> I was most worried about the desire of the film, so that we somehow sympathized with this heroine, a woman who wanted to join the club after she killed someone, later declaring it an accident. The film builds Maddie as a potential psychopath because of her past. Her family denied her for an abortion. She has blackouts and always appropriately finds herself at the crime scene after the fact. In many slashers, the one who seems to be the most likely killer is often red herring, but this film does its best to point at Maddie. When the turnaround occurs, we remain cheering on Maddie, but we know that she is wrong in the head. Taking care of this chicken is not easy. However, she looks great in a man's army shirt. And Rochon is not afraid to let his puppies breathe. Horror fans with low budgets will enjoy seeing the cult favorite Brinke Stevens as a religious fanatical mother who preaches against what Maddie did, calling her a murderer, as a favorite producer of Tromy. reasonably protect the daughter he really cares for. Julie Strein, the cult siren, has a small cameo showing her boobs (of course), as the murdered man's girlfriend of discovery, breaking her head with a hammer. Oh, and check the office where Sean works, you'll see a lot of posters and illustrations of the full moon scattered on the walls.
