One of the most common articles in the "fools" category is an anachronism. Although I am beginning to believe that anachronism and other nonsense are more acceptable, even ignored, in very good films, but they are in front and in the center in rotten films. “KISS THEM FOR ME” is a rotten film that smells like an anachronism, but on closer inspection I found almost nothing in anachronism. <br /> <br /> The pictures of the planes that refute the film are certainly irrelevant. A large four-motor vehicle, which can be seen after the name “Honolulu 1944,” is a post-war C-97 Stratofreighter (in MATS colors). The combat aircraft seen during takeoff from an aircraft carrier at the end is Douglas Skyriders, who entered service after World War II and became famous for his service in Vietnam. <br /> <br /> But with the exception of these two fragments of the film and, of course, Hairstyles, everything else is very likely a genuine period. It just "feels so wrong." I'm a Stanley Donen fan, we have the same birthday. In his co-author film "ON THE CITY" (1949) at the end there is a car chase with the police behind the wheel of a Ford 1949/50, but there is not the slightest feeling that this is out of place in a film from the Second World War period. In fact, as I thought later, there is nothing that would say that it should be a film from the Second World War period. It is just like that. Based on the wartime musical of the Broadway musical that was based on ballet (Fancy Free), which may have been based on the work of Paul Cadmus (The Fleet's In! 1934), this is an excellent film about sailors on the 24-hour passage in New York and Too heavy for wartime associations, he simply assumes that this happens during the war, and yet these modern machines do nothing to break the spell. <br /> <br /> The first problem is old Cary Grant. Although he is too old to represent a WBD Navy dive bomber pilot, for such stars as Grant, Gary Cooper (Lou Gehrig), Jimmy Stewart (Charles Lindberg), the Hollywood tradition of playing is younger. It was a role in which he was mistaken, not his age. He plays the cameraman, as they called them. The guy who does things and breaks all the rules by doing this, but remains admired and loved for it. Hustler. Wheeler dealer. Hero de Riguer in the comedy. Grant is the comic center of what ultimately has to be a comedy about service, contrary to his comedic style. <br /> <br /> Remembering Grant's great comic performances, such as BRINGING UP BABY (1938) or ARSENIC AND, OLD LICE (1944), and he is a great reactor, whose comedy should be reduced by its merit to confused puddles of inert jelly. IN KISS THEM, he is expected to be a comedic spark plug, which is simply not his. People have already come across this type, most recently comedian Phil Silvers as a sergeant. Bilko on television. The role will be improved later by James Garner, but here Grant is simply not funny, and it seems that the bully is getting his way, aggressively pushing his Cary Grantness, rather than coaxing and catching. <br /> <br /> But the thing that really stinks of an anachronism is leading women. The women of the 50s could not be more than Susie Parker and Jane Mansfield. They are unique to the decade. Marilyn Monroe can be placed in continuum with Carol Lombard, Marie Wilson and any number of dumb blondes, and Grace Kelly was another high-class lady (remember Mary Astor), but in films like Mansfield, there was never an anatomically exaggerated woman. Of course, there were “sweater girls” (for example, Lana Turner) from World War II, but Mansfield was stretching the point. Susie Parker was the model that revolutionized the modeling business, changing the mannequin like a pose, and became the first natural girl who moved and whose personality was captured by the camera (see FUNNY FACE (1957) and Stanley Donen). <br /> <br /> Of course, in the style of the high 50s, the “wild” parties seem to have a lot of gender mixing, but not even a hint of sex (remember the 50s TV series “Father of a Bachelor” or “The Bob Show Cummings ", where men in shirts have their dinner came back only from" dates "). The original book, which I did not read, was published during the war and appeared as a play on Broadway at the end of the war, and the nuances of the situation should have been inevitable for modern readers and viewers, but broken, puzzled and mortally mistaken, it remains a once forgotten spot on other exemplary quarries, until the invention of a video recorder and cable television revived this petrified turkey. <br /> <br /> So the lesson here is any goof ', it will be ignored in such a wonderful film as CITIZEN KANE (who actually hears Charles Foster Kane say' Rosebud '? ") and will be tolerated in fun fight like WESTWORLD (why were robots given live ammunition in the first place?), but absolutely despised in a rotten film, even if fools really don't exist.
