In the dubious comedic vein of Mel Brooks "Completely Moses!" trying to take the biblical story of Moses and laugh at it, resulting in the most absurd biblical deception ever filmed. <br /> <br /> There is no real plot here, there are just excuses to unscrew talented comedians in signed roles. Dudley Moore and Laraine Newman on a bus tour of the Holy Land, when they stumbled upon an ancient scroll in a cave. There they read the story of Herschel and Zerelda, which is also played by Moore and Newman. The life of Herschel is parallel to Moses. He was sent down the river to be found by the family of Pharaoh at the same time as Moses. The born father of Herschel, the late James Coco, becomes Herschel's slave after Herschel was saved by idolaters and works as a sculptor. In the end, Herschel comes to work to Pharaoh as an astronomer, is expelled, and finishes the mouth of Moses' sheep. Herschel and Moses are brothers by law, marrying sisters, and Herschel believes that God chose him to free his people in Egypt. Of course, Moses received the Divine Word, but Herschel misunderstood. I’ll stop here to laugh hysterically ... pause ... anyway, the rest of the film is a series of poorly written scenes with Moore and actors playing in "special scenes." These scenes do not move the plot forward; they bring the little story to a standstill. <br /> <br /> Jack Guilford plays the tailor. There may be three lines of the House of Delhouse when he meets Herschel in the desert. John Houseman - the archangel, just reads the same lines as in “Paper Pursuit”. David L. Lander is a fake blind man "healed" by Herschel. Andrea Martin is one of the sisters of Zerelda. I was not sure who Madeline Kahn was supposed to be, she drives up Herschel and he has about one and a half minutes of screen time. John Ritter plays a very unfriendly devil. Richard Pryor has one scene as a pharaoh, but she was clearly filmed at a different time than Moore’s, because these two do not appear on the screen together! Eventually, Zerelda turns into a pillar of salt, looking back at the destruction of New Sodom, ha ha. Herschel writes the Ten Commandments and gives them to Moses, who is heated in all glory. In the final scenes, the screenwriter decides to try to save this shallow film, forcing Herschel to lure God into an argument. God appears as a powerful hooligan who drove Herschel for his own pleasure, speaking through him only to give him the Ten Commandments. We even have Zelreld's cry, “God works in mysterious ways,” thereby eliminating the very non-Christian behavior of each during the film. <br /> <br /> This movie is not funny. There is no laughter anywhere. At the very least, Monty Python scoffed at many of the authoritative religious pillars in Brian’s Life, in addition to their dubious view of Jesus’s life, but here the humor consists of jokes about poop and characters who constantly hit their heads. This makes Mel Brooks look like a merchant / ivory. Parishioners will be offended not by the attitude of the film to religion, but by the complacency that the film demonstrates, impressed by their own insight (I know, not a word) on a subject of which they obviously do not know anything. "Totally Moses!" this is completely bad and embarrassing for all involved. Instead, I suggest you read the Book. <br /> <br /> This is a rating (PG) for certain types of physical abuse, profanity, sexual references and situations for adults.
