I am sorry to report that I have seen this film several times. When he was bombed at the box office, this was repeated in the evenings around HBO for a month. And I watched it again and again, because the television is generally so bad - or it was at that time. I don’t look anymore, so now it can be wonderful - like Samuel L. Jackson says about pigs: "It can taste like sweet potato pie, but I will never know because I will not eat dirty flour." We'll see. Dudley plays Arthur, wandering in the desert, always a few steps from Moses. He came out right after Brian's Life, so you can guess where the inspiration came from for this. A few lightly funny pieces hold on for too long until you just close your eyes and grit your teeth. There is one scene where Arthur and the House of Deloise meet in the desert, they both were dragged and dried, dying of thirst. Then they meet, like old acquaintances who did not know each other very well, promise to have dinner. It could be funny. <br /> <br /> But the scene that I remember most clearly is the encounter with the pharaoh, in which the pharaoh is a child from a black street, dressed in full regalia of King Tut. He must have read the lines directly, because at some point before the release they re-recorded his scene with the Hollywood equivalent of black street jargon voiced by wannabe Jimmy Walker (Kid Dyno-wannabe). Or it could be Jimmy Walker - who knows? What's the difference. They managed to turn a boring scene into a very racist, very unfunny, very long piece of excrement, one of those legendary things that just won't break out, no matter how many times you try, so you leave it for someone else to do business with. <br /> <br /> Well, this is my review. If you rent this film (do not buy it, no matter what you do!), Prepare yourself a bottle of tequila and six packs of crown. <br /> <br /> Now that they have redone the Poseiden Adventure, this one probably ranks first on the list of remakes. Perhaps this time they will hire a comedian.
