What a complete piece of trash. Despite the plot, when the action of the film revolves around the planes, you might think that the writers / producers / directors (or NO ONE!) Will do a little homework to at least a FEW details. The mistakes were so glaring that by the end of the movie I was indignant. Here are just a few of them: I'm glad I missed the SR-71 series, which was probably worse than the F-117 Air Force One. Commercial airlines usually put their logos on the aircraft, and not on the BOEING 747 ?? the likely (cheap) use of some Boeing commercials by the director. Nude wiring connected with wire nuts, at best, mediocre for home wiring, much less than the multi-millionth wiring of avionics. Airplanes like the 747 rely only on pressure and not on supplying the ship with oxygen to maintain breathing air, and if they relied on onboard supply, the container would be much more than a fist. Medical tape is not a suitable replacement for threaded hose connections. These were the F-16, not the F-15. Mach 1+ (sound speed) would be difficult to achieve on a static engine ready for takeoff (see the airspeed indicator). “Standard formation” is just holding formation within one nautical mile, “route formation” is what they flew - not the most useful formation for interception. “Acquiring a rocket lock” is unlikely to attract the attention of an airline pilot — they have no radar detection or countermeasures. “Wait for my signal” is not interflight communication to prepare for shooting. Relieving pressure from opening the door in flight is not a reason for an immediate steep left bank. Screams in the headset do not force it to transmit. Magnetic headers are defined as “headers” and not as “bearings”, and headers are in the range from 001 to 360 degrees (air compasses look like compasses on the ground!), Therefore, turn left (and not “port” ??) from bearing "from 618 to 502 is just silly. In most cases, it’s impossible to just “turn the hose clamp to the left until the right course is reached” Such things will lead to a 360 degree turn until the yoke is centered again. The likelihood that the stewardess will immediately find and successfully activate the autopilot is only slightly more than the likelihood that she will land safely. Airplanes do not stop immediately after the throttle is released, and the 747 has more than one small lever for controlling the thrust with several engines. Flaps are lowered in increments, usually just before and immediately after the chassis is lengthened, and not seconds before landing (a good way to break). To stop the plane, you need wheel brakes, just pulling the throttle (s) (this time the other lever in the film) at idle, you can just get off the runway at a slower speed. Did I mention that these fighters were F-16 and NOT F-15? Think i did ?? And this is just what I remember from the recent viewing of this terrible film.
