French director Jean Rollin is not exactly known for great films, and this tangled mess is one of the reasons why. One of the most confusing things in this product is the name. For a director who is well-known for directing erotic lesbian vampire films; it can be expected that a movie with the word “nu” in the title will be especially naked; but in reality there is not much nudity here. Instead of erotic lesbian vampires without clothes; we have a cumbersome conspiracy about a man who wants to reveal the secret of immortality, about a young woman whose illness can hold the key, and a cult of suicide that cannot do much. The film begins, hopefully, with a sequence in which a young girl is fascinated by a mysterious group of masked people under the gaze of a young Frenchman who is also the son of an important person. Thanks to his investigation, he soon discovers that this woman is not just a normal lady, and how he delves into the cult; he discovers that he cannot be killed by bullets, drinks blood and cannot go out in daylight ... for me it sounds like a clear example of vampirism. <br /> <br /> Gene Rollin maintains a fantasy atmosphere throughout the film, but it may not be interesting because the plot is so poorly executed. It is possible to keep up with what is happening, but only because there are many other films that follow similar plots to this. The director seems to know that he also messed up the plot, since the climax is basically a reason to explain the film to the audience. A turn is added at the end; but the film would have been better without him. I guess it was Jean Rollin’s attempt to be a bit original, but it seems an incompetent attempt at this, and not a logical continuation of the story. The cinematography is quite neat, with a lot of plot taking place in suitable Gothic places. The girls on board complement the beautiful picture, but the fact that Rollin's film lacks logic and consistency, it somewhat compensates for the style. In defense of the film, this was done in 1969; This somewhat explains the absence of shocks, but I can not recommend this film, as there is little that deserves attention.
