In this review there may be some SPOILERS. <br /> <br /> Just when you thought that they no longer made them so bad, Ray Don Chong appears in the role of the space fox and Willie Nelson as the Indian sorcerer! Even worse, if you consider that these two aspects are the BEST aspects of Starlight, a film that should be watched only for laughter. <br /> <br /> Chong is an alien sent to Earth to find the only one left. half-breed, partly human and partly alien. Apparently, the Earth is in dire straits. Something is wrong with the genetics of humanity, and in a few decades the world will turn into a contaminated wasteland. Only due to the duplication of the half-breed DNA, the good-hearted alien race can save the planet. Do not ask me how it is, because the film creates the impression that the world will be destroyed by the pollution that is caused by people. You might think that the Earth can be saved only by getting rid of polluting beings, not by saving them! Anyway, the half-breed turns out to be Billy Wirth, a man who lives in a small southwestern city and is Native American through his mother, despite the fact that his mother is a redhead Caucasian and his grandfather is Willie Nelson. Isn't that the type of Malyaka who made Carmen Electra’s bombardment “Chosen One” such a scream? Chong arrives on his ship at the very moment when Wirth nearly drowned after driving his motorcycle into the lake in a fit of recklessness, which was the result of breaking with his girlfriend. Before you can say the word "garbage", Chong reveals his secret to Virtue, who is not surprised for a moment, and spreads the word to the Wirth family. Chong also makes friends with Wirth's mother, who seems to have lost a few of her balls over the years. Well, that's because Wirth's father was an alien who threw her. Of course, he is a standard alien alien who conveniently chose this moment to come to Earth for Wirth, so that he could use Wirth's DNA to make the people of Earth his slaves. (Eh?) His ridiculous attempts to use his telepathic abilities and capture Wirth suck most of the screen time and are the worst scenes in the film. They are not only boring, but are also scenes where you will notice the bubbles most. <br /> <br /> Ideas may be good on paper, but they are viewed here with utmost folly, especially in the above scenes with an alien rogue. But the effects - the curse of the film. The initial scene involves Chong on her space ship, communicating with her boss, someone we do not see, but with whom Chong communicates through a vat emitting pink light. They use not spoken words, but telepathy, therefore we are treated with subtitles. The problem is that both Chong and the subtitles of her boss look the same, and the director does not give any indication as to which of them actually “speaks” at any given moment, which makes the whole conversation no more than nonsense. The spaceship is the worst effect for Hollywood on the other side of the Ed Wood movie. Now I usually condescend to the effects when dealing with a film with a low budget like this one, but I really got these effects. The most annoying was the simplest: a fake night sky. The stars in the sky are so fake that the tonal signals are almost unheard of. In particular, these are the moments when Chong informs someone that she is from the Pleiades, and we get a picture of seven stars. The fact is that seven stars occupy about half the night sky in the film, but any star watcher knows that the Pleiades is a star cluster between the constellations of Perseus and Taurus, and the cluster does not take much space in the sky at all. These effects are so disgusting that your jaw will hang lower and lower every moment. Be careful, because it will pass through the floor during the final, when the effects will make Willie Nelson pay attention to the person. Oh, it is necessary to see to believe! <br /> <br /> Starlight, bright star; The last star I see tonight; I wish I could, I can; no more need to watch this trash today. <br /> <br /> Zantar rating: 1 out of 10.
