Please note: I see from various posts that there was an original dumb version, as well as a sound version of the same movie. I saw the sound version, and it was aesthetically pleasing. Given that some indicate that the original version was LONG and without crappy duplication, my review should be read with this in mind. <br /> <br /> Although I know that Rene Claire has an excellent director reputation, and Louise Brooks has a bit of a cult, this is in many ways a poorly made film. While Hollywood had already largely switched to sound mode around 1929, beginning in the early and mid-30s, many famous French films were in fact silent films — with some dialogues and sound effects that were very bad. overlaid on the film. Lip movements in many, and in particular in this film, do not even closely correspond to what is being said, and this explains why an American like Miss Brooks could shoot a French film. This is just sloppy, and I would prefer that they just make a silent film - and as a silent film it would be a regular movie - with excellent camera work (sometimes) and a decent quiet game in style. <br /> With the film, I also came across an overly simplistic plot. For a quiet moral play around 1920 this would be good, but by the standards of 1930 the plot is a little gray (which means “old” and not “slutty”). A lady wins a beauty contest, and her macho fiance can't handle it. She temporarily gives up all this, but returns to a fantastic life, and that means its end! A little melodramatic, huh? And also a bit simplified and underdeveloped. <br /> <br /> Finally, the character of the groom's friend (?) seemed to me very disturbing and unreal. He looked like Harold Lloyd, and most of the film insulted and picked up a friend and everyone else. Since he simply did this throughout the entire film, and there was no permission, his character seemed superfluous, and the appeal he received was mean. Did the audience have to laugh when they scoffed at him? It seems to me that this is what is meant, and I don’t like it at all. <br /> <br /> There are FAR the best French films of that era (Le Million, La Femme du Boulanger, Fanny, Regain and others). ) as well as the best silent films. I just can not understand the appreciation of this film.
