I understand that bringing a novel to the big screen is always problematic. This is the only thing I can say about this truly terrible adaptation. <br /> <br /> Have you read Wise Blood? This is an amazing book. Flannery O'Connor wrote about the south like no other. She herself was a southerner, a devout Catholic and an amazingly gifted writer. In her first novel, she combined a dark and deeply disturbing tale of faith, doubt and redemption with a dark sense of humor and surprising impartiality. The characters in the book may seem outrageous to those who did not live in the rural south, but I can assure you that such people exist. They not only exist, they are people with families, feelings and problems, like anyone else. Flannery's intentions were so often misunderstood — she didn’t use these fanatics off the beaten path — she saw in them the wonderful act of what she would call “grace” ... even in the most cruel, sad and insane . Reading “Wise Blood” means being washed with a sense of fear and impending doom. Finally, we need to think long and hard about our judgments and preconceived opinions - about our entire worldview. <br /> <br /> None of this happens in Gilley Houston’s adaptation to Gilligan Island. No one. This is a farce. Bad farce The whole film is saturated with high power that turns the belly. The game is bad, southern accents are fake and offensive. The filmmakers do not see the thinking of religious Southerners. Intense prose of Miss O'Connor comes down to fun stuff and cheap amateur theater. The soundtrack is a mixture of the stupidity of hay and electronics in the style of "Clockwork Orange", which does not fit into the story or even into the movies. I got free admission to this movie and almost went out. Truly, truly terrible. <br /> <br /> Aside, I do not agree with Miss O'Connor’s religious views, and although I grew up in the deep south, many years ago I made my way to the north and did not look back. But the south is a beautiful place, full of charming people (like any other place on earth), and a cartoonish mockery, with which the Southerners and their attitude are seen in this film, borders on the offensive. If you are being hurt (and I am not), then this film will surely cross the line. <br /> <br /> I don’t like talking nonsense about the artist’s work - John Houston was a man I didn’t know, and I’m sure that he was a sincere and gifted director, as evidenced by his esteemed place in cinema history. My views are clearly distorted by what I read (and loved) the work of Flannery O'Connor. So I do not claim to come from any other point of view. Maybe as a separate film, it works for movie fans. But for Flannery O'Connor fans — and, I might add, for self-respecting southerners and open-minded people of all stripes — this film is a waste of time.
