The film is based on religion, so it is impossible to separate it from religion by commenting on it. In my opinion, this film claims to investigate deep problems, but thrives on stereotypes and prejudices; with a little true understanding. What the people in the film (and therefore the writer) could not see was grace. They did not manage to understand that God is the author of beauty, and He is the Creator of passion and sexual satisfaction in the proper context of marriage. To imply that the people of the society in which this story is based believe that nudity is sinful, and the man and woman who enjoy the act of marriage are dirty is just a simplification. Such stereotypes do not really exist, because even the Jewish holy scriptures clearly speak of a caring husband who will seek the pleasure of his wife before his. Scripture says that a man should love his wife as his flesh, and that no one hates his own flesh, but he nourishes and nurtures her. Even if you want to ignore the New Testament, the authors and characters completely ignore that there are passages, such as the Song of Solomon in the Old Testament, and even the book of Proverbs, which says: “Rejoice, wife of your youth, let her bosom satisfy you always”! How can this be read differently than what God knows, approves, and smiles to marital union and to enjoy it? Real men do not ignore the value and needs of their wives. Those who deny the very simple teachings of the Judean / Christian religion. God never said such things. This is absurd. Sonya rebelled because of the incorrect application of the teachings of the true God of Abraham. It shouldn't be like that. How sad. Sonya desperately needed TRUTH, not tradition. Knowing, loving and listening to God, we love others more; This is the faith of God of Abraham, Isaac, Jacob and Joseph, delivered to the Saints once and for all, bought and paid for by Jesus Christ, the Righteous. But well, ignore all of this and leave the ancient, Holy Scriptures and turn to the wisdom of homeless people and ghosts. This is a good plan. I would never recommend this film; partly because sexual content is too graphic, but also because it really does not provide any valuable information. Check out Yentl if you want a much more useful attitude towards the Jewish tradition to contradict society.
