I am so shocked by this documentary. I am very ashamed and embarrassed about the way Puerto Ricans are portrayed. This documentary was not about the culture of Puerto Ricans. It was about the culture of the Nuyoricans. Puertoricans and Nuyoricans are two different cultures. Very different cultures and should not extend to the population of Puerto Rico. Rosie, you need to do research before shooting a documentary. You should also check and make sure your sources are trustworthy. Puerto Ricans are not all loud, and they do have a class, which is one thing that documentaries haven't shown. When I saw Rosie and Jimmy on "View" and Rosie on Martha Stewart, I was very excited about watching. I even made sure that my parents knew, since they love Puerto Rico so much. After the first five minutes, I could not believe how the documentary hit the USA and made Puerto Ricans look like a group of guinea pigs. You need to visit Puerto Rico and you will see that Puerto Rico is not a third world country, where more than 50% of the population lives in poverty. In Puerto Rico there are colleges and famous universities, roads, cars, shopping centers, shopping centers (the biggest Kmart and JCPenney's I have ever seen), restaurants, theaters, beaches, hotels (Ritz, Hilton, etc.), Casinos, churches, agriculture, autoexpresso and restaurants are just some of them. Poverty? NOT 50% of the population. Puerto rican culture is family, music, food, celebration and an attempt to move forward, not backward. Oh, and new cousins ​​don't just appear out of nowhere. No, this is not a Puerto Rican thing, this is a ghetto. We are not bastards. Parents of Puerto Rican descent who would like to tell their children about Puerto Rico should invest in a trip with their family in order to see first hand what Puerto Rico is. They will see its beauty, people and culture. Please do not show them this documentary, because it only obscures their minds with negative. Oh, and please do not ask your American friends to watch this documentary, because it will make Puerto Ricans look ignorant. <br /> <br /> Yes, I was born and raised on an island from Puerto Rico. Just to let you know!
