You must respect this movie. It may be “just a movie for a stupid kid”, but this is the most frequently requested name of a movie on online forums that people who remember the story ask for but cannot remember the name. Therefore, below is an extremely necessary detailed description of the plot, since I could not find such a description anywhere on the Internet. <br /> <br /> A typical two-story house is shown in the suburbs. 7-year-old Bridget tells of a suspicion that something is happening, as she and her 11-year-old brother Andrew receive gifts from their parents for no apparent reason. Bridget's present is a stuffed penguin, whom she immediately calls Sweet William. Bridget describes her relatives: Aunt Ruth, a nurse who cares for her grandmother, Grams, a hugging grandmother who makes socks dolls, and her brother Andrew, who is addicted to electronics and quarrelsome. Gram accidentally hangs on the lieutenant-governor, which indicates that it interferes while living with the family. Two children have breakfast, and adults discuss Gram’s moving to a nursing home. Bridget makes a terrible-looking pancake sandwich with cereal, eggs, bacon, strawberries and syrup, and Andrew looks at him with disbelief. Then the two children discuss Grams, and Andrew bluntly says that Gram "is being released into pasture." Bridget talks to Grams in the attic, has a tea party with sweet William in her bedroom, then a live doll suddenly appears from the mirror in her bedroom. <br /> <br /> Bridget and the live doll are getting to know each other. A curly, lively female doll named Huggins and she lives in Haggaland Bridget gives Huggins a baseball cap from Andrew's room. Huggins hides under some kind of underwear when Mother Bridget appears by, and then Mom throws the laundry into the washing machine with Huggins in it. Bridget rescues Huggins and dries her with a hairdryer. According to Huggins, they discuss the problem of Grams' aging and the need to leave him, and Bridget could talk about this with the bookworm in Haggaland, since he knows everything. They go through a mirror to visit Huggaland, but one of Bridget's tennis sneakers gets stuck in the mirror. <br /> <br /> Instead of walking with one shoe, Bridget walks without shoes in Huggaland. They immediately meet Hagsey, a lively doll-curly boy in Haggaland. Huggins gives Hagsey a baseball cap. They also meet Tickles, Bubbles, Impkins and Tweaker, and all the dolls sing a song while sitting on the bridge. Hagsey takes Bridget and Huggins into his van to see a bookworm that lives on a pile of giant books. The bookworm consults the “old encyclopedia” and discovers that old age can be cured by eating the fruit of the “tree of the young berry”. However, there is only one such tree, and it is located in the shrugging country ruled by the mad queen of quartz. The only way to get to the shrug is to jump into a deep hole that is in the next giant book. <br /> <br /> Bridget and two dolls three times swallow, jump into the pit and fall out. Soon they are walking along the sidewalk, they hear glass breaking, and fall from the sidewalk when the force of side attraction ends. They encounter a "hairy hippo", which is similar to a mastodon, has four fangs and breathes fire from its trunk. But Hoogsy boldly approaches and hugs the hippopotamus, which thereby turns into a baby elephant named Hodgepodge. Hodgepodge was bewitched by the queen, and Hugsy owed him a favor, so they all ride on the back of the Hodgepodge to the castle. They enter the castle, are surrounded by troll-like creatures, the queen comes (Queen Admira), and Bridget asks for several berries. The queen refuses, then eats one for herself and brags about her young appearance, looking in the mirror. Hodgepodge loses consciousness when the queen says he must be "digested". The queen is upset when Bridget mentions that the evil witches must have warts, so the queen freezes Bridget and orders the other three to be taken to the dungeon. But the queen casually leaves the key to the dome of the tree of young berries at the castle with the mechanism for raising the dome. <br /> <br /> A solyanka wakes up in a dungeon and uses her noodles (chest) to open the prison door. down, thereby freeing himself and two dolls with him. They find that Bridget is petrified, the dolls hug her, which leads to a revival of Bridget. Before fleeing, Bridget finds the key to the dome of the berry tree left behind, removes the dome, and they pick up the glowing berries and put them in a jar. The queen catches them, but the queen's hand is trapped under the descending dome, touching the key that Bridget left on the ground. The queen suddenly becomes very old, as she is devoid of berries, giving youth, and seems to die. Soon Bridget retreats through the mirror to her bedroom, but stumbles over the bottom of the mirror, spilling the berries on the floor, and the berries quickly disappear into the smoke, one by one. Mother calls her and Andrew to say goodbye to Grams, who leaves for a nursing home. Andrew lowers his usual grumpy, discreet facade and hugs Grams, telling her that he loves her and does not want her to leave. Their father is moved and eventually decides to leave Gram there, and everyone embraces and cries, including Aunt Ruthie, who was the main figure who made Grams go. <br /> <br /> Andrew asks Bridget for him in Louis Cardinal's hat, Bridget begins to explain how she gave it to Huggins from Haggaland, but Andrew does not want to listen to what he considers to be fantastic stories, so he turns around and looks for her in her bedroom. One of the dolls secretly pulls the cap through the mirror back to Bridget, Bridget puts the cap on Andrew's head, Andrew is puzzled and leaves his bedroom without saying anything. Brigitte fun waves a mirror.
