Believe it or not, "The Woodsman Massacre" gave me full-blown gonorrhea! That's right, a rainbow of discharges erupted from me just because a group of children went to play with a video camera and somehow made a deal with the Devil and got spread. This is beyond my comprehension how any person with moderate intelligence could tolerate this heavy movie. The only reason I managed to come to terms with this (not without several suicide attempts along the way) was that, firstly, I was delirious with boredom, and secondly - I think I wanted even more to explore this newly discovered type of hate I experienced ... This film is a "horror / comedy" video of a video about three brothers and sisters who are left for the weekend in the care of their bitch elderly aunt. The youngest child ends up accidentally hitting an old woman with his hunting knife Rambo. Then they begin to dismember her aunt with the help of various tools (apparently, there was not a drop of blood in her body!) And sent her to her father’s rented wooden crusher ... Then her convicted son stops searching for his mother and the children end up that they grind this donkey too ... I don’t recall ever seeing actors as annoying actors who really made me nauseous. Seriously, the voice of this blonde made me constantly wrinkle in pain. ALL the actors were completely atrocious — literally they were just shouting to their deceptively sounding dialogues and joking, which must have been written by chimpanzees, who simply did not care! Now I usually appreciate the independent efforts, but only from those who can understand that people who are not their relatives can observe this! I do not need to see a three-minute snapshot of the car, moving down from the roadway, and painful, painfully long installation to care for the lawn with some ridiculous, trembling music playing over it. Plus, what the hell is there a bloody piano on the box of this movie ?! In one scene there was a piano, and no one was killed next to it! I remembered this movie. If you do not like intolerable nonsense, I would advise everyone who has half-moors to avoid this garbage
