I had high hopes for this when I heard that it was done back in 2001, because I read “The Devil and Daniel Webster” when I was a child, and it was very interesting to me. They made some changes to the story that don't make much sense to me. Daniel Webster in this story was a famous lawyer from New Hampshire. In the film, he is the editor. The lawyer makes more sense, since he ultimately represents Jabez Stone against the devil himself (he was a man in history but was a woman in the film) in court, where both their souls are on the line. As an editor, it is unlikely that Daniel Webster would have the ability to do this. <br /> <br /> The cast was worthy of everyone except Alec Baldwin and Dan Aykroyd. These are two actors that I like, they just did a great job in this movie. As if they thought they were playing a comedy, but the film was more serious than a comedy. This may be partly due to the fact that the film was shot with a special vision, and then was edited by someone else. Given this fact, it is surprising that it was generally logical. I was surprised to see a sufficient number of SNL actors in the film, which makes me even more believe that he may have been originally shot with the intention of making him rather a comedy. <br /> <br /> In general, I would say that it was not really terrible, but not very good. If I could get an hour and a half ago and do something else with this, I would do it. The ending was especially disappointing. Like the original story, Daniel Webster defeats the devil in court. Then Jabez starts again at the beginning of the movie ... literally, we just go back to the first scene with Jabez, and then the movie suddenly ends. In fact, it looked as if they had just replayed the first scene of Jabez and called it the end. There is no indication that Jabez benefits from any knowledge or experience he has gained, so who will say that he didn’t just repeat his mistakes again and perhaps again and again in an endless loop? It was an extremely disappointing end, which made little sense. A worthy cast and the game of everyone except Baldwin and Aykroyd are the only things that prevent it from being complete and complete crap.
