A stupid rich guy around 1800 wants to visit a mental hospital nearby to see how the famous doctor cares about his patients. Despite the initially hostile reaction, he was soon cordially invited and examined by a kind doctor. And, as the doctor shows him, he speaks, speaks and speaks !!! And while he speaks, the crazy madmen here and there are not doing anything particularly productive. While there are SOME actions here and there (and some of them are quite disturbing), it is amazing how boring and cerebral all this is - there is not enough life and energy, which is strange for a horror movie. Even a guy who thinks he is a chicken and dresses like one gets pretty tiresome. The further this tour takes the guest, the more disturbing it becomes until, eventually, you realize that the prisoners have seized the hospital and are torturing their guards. And again, despite this turn, the film is surprisingly lifeless in many places - especially when it moves very slowly, when a strange ceremony occurs or people just wander around the set. Only when workers from a shelter found in a prison cell starve, does the film have a real impact. Given this story, it’s hard to imagine that this is boring, but the people who shot this cheap experimental film love it! Now with the same plot and literate script, acting and directing this film CAN become an interesting and worthwhile film. <br /> <br /> You know, now that I think about it, this was the plot of one of the episodes. original TV show "Star Trek"! You know, the one with “Lord Garth, the Lord of the Universe” and Kirk and Spock is in captivity of this madman and his crazy followers. <br /> <br /> One final note: in the film, quite a lot of nudity here and there involves a rape scene, so be careful - this is not for kids. In fact, considering how useless the film is, it is not for everyone! However, with the version included in the "50 Movie Pack - Chilling Classics", the print is so incredibly bad that it is difficult to see all this flesh due to the very dark print.
