Was it a comedy or a drama? I start this review by asking this question, because the film I just saw, the Hollywood Shuffle, was neither funny nor quite dramatic. Although there was not enough certainty (comedy or drama), he struggled to make a point, but clever topics and sharp remarks were lost. Although I firmly believe that there is too much racial profiling going on in Hollywood, even today, I don’t believe that Townsend’s directorial debut did a lot to stop him. Instead, I feel that it only added fuel to the fire. Townsend's comic time in this film was disastrous because of the fact that he advertised instead of the elements that he was supposed to laugh at and vice versa. Parts that were supposed to be serious were somehow destroyed due to the lack of a funny comedy. Townsend had a decent concept with this film, but, unfortunately, the performance ultimately damaged this film. If you watch the preview before the movie (which I constantly do), you will immediately get the wrong idea of ​​what you are going to see. The preview creates the impression of a very clever, comic film that prides itself on the intelligence of the audience, but in reality the film could not be further from the truth. <br /> <br /> The main problem with the Hollywood Shuffle is not the story itself (because it’s not designed); This is Townsend's direction. He had a great concept with this film. Exploit Hollywood, which exploits our race. A decent idea, but why can't he do it very well? The first reason is that his ideas are too random and sporadic. The structure of this film was similar to viewing a heart attack on a monitor in a hospital; we are literally everywhere without any warning or map. It was obvious that Townsend had something to say, but quite a bit of time to do it. Therefore, instead of defining his characters, developing his themes and actually creating a smart film, he simply puts it all together and prays for it to work. Unfortunately, this is not the case. Instead of a clever comedy, we have a bunch of ideas, comedy scenes, and undervalued actors, and this film turns from decent to almost imperceptible. Most of all Townsend is hampered by his brevity, an attempt to be funny, breaks throughout the film. From the battle with the villain, known as Jerry Curl, to the parody of Siskel and Ebert, Townsend’s attempt to play a joke while they talk about the film industry fails. This is because these small intermittent frames actually distract from the central focusing of the film and actually destroy it internally. Although Townsend seems to be trying to make a joke about life in Hollywood, in fact, he simply connects to every stereotype and cliché in the book. What could be a beautiful satire turns into just a general sense of humor that never stands apart from the rest. <br /> <br /> So, if you are not laughing at the humor of this story, there may be some consolation in knowing that some of the Wayan brothers are going to help revive this boring story. WRONG! Weyana is in this film, but Townsend demonstrates that he has the ability to even reveal the worst even in this fascinating family. Certainly, in the moments preceding the “Living Color”, we see that comedy is something that needs to be constantly improved. It may have been Townsend’s leadership, or perhaps this horrible story, but these typically funny comedians clearly underestimated and ignored when it came to the critics of this film. I just thought that with the talent pool that Townsend should have learned from this Hollywood shuffle, it would be funny, bright and really to hit this obvious Hollywood dilemma. Unfortunately, none of the above was not. <br /> <br /> Finally, I would like to say that it was a workable movie. There were moments (while they were few and far apart), which had a smile on my face, the final product simply did not suit me. Townsend may be funny, but in this film it just seemed to him that he was playing against himself, and not because of his personal experience and trouble. I understand that he probably was telling the truth, but it never happened. Instead, we find ourselves in a weak history, which is supported by idiotic flash clips that may have worked for the sitcom, but, of course, did not work for this film. Even for those who comment that it was his directorial debut and that he studied on this film, I would not agree. If you start from scratch, either you have a hard script or certain topics. Townsend had none of them, and in combination with his inability to control his actors, he simply failed in a fireball. <br /> <br /> In general, it was quite a shame to look at it. It reminded me of an elementary school spelling school, where finally it was time for your child to spell. The word is harsh, but when the first two or three letters appear, you think that it will work perfectly, but there is a random letter “P” and a silent letter “P”, which causes your excitement to come down. This is how I felt with the Hollywood Shuffle. At first I saw the potential, I saw the theme and motive of the painting, but with the help of fuzzy and inexperienced techniques, and after the first two scenes, I experienced this deep feeling of falling. Townsend sank his own ship on this ship, and I don’t think that Hollywood Shuffle will ever again plunge into the game as the key moment of a Hollywood movie. <br /> <br /> Rating: * of *****
