After a lively but predictable initial scene of a bank robbery, “Set It Off” bank plummets straight into the ditch and continues to descend. This is a film that examines disgusting, worn-out stereotypes instead of characters, ridiculous manipulations instead of consistent conspiracies, and disgusting cocktails of calming sentimentality and unwarranted violence instead of thoughts, wit or feelings. In short, it does not differ from 90% of the Hollywood product. But it is the racial perspective that makes “Set It Off” a particularly sad example of modern filmmaking. Representing itself as a celebration of “Sistancy”, the film is in fact a celebration of the most violent forms of the slanderous Afghan-American stereotype of “gangsta”. This time the trick is that the gangsters wear resistance. The film not only assumes that gangsterism is the default person for all African Americans who have difficulties with cash or who feel a little exhausted by man, but also presents his sist as petty materialists who value money and fight for everything else. Worse, Set It Off uses the theme of racial discrimination and deprivation simply as a means of supporting its weak plot structure. Serious social problems associated with race are developed in a contrived and opportunistic manner to justify armed robbery, and then they are rejected as soon as the film should lead to an inevitable conditional ending punishing a crime, LAPD turns out to be a group of caring, guilt-suffering liberals (say this is Rodney Kingu) and the desired "good" sister, Jada Pinkett Smith, is on the path of upward mobility from the hood and enters the world of self-abasement of the middle class opened for her by her buddy jer bank buppie. “Set It Off” illustrates the deplorable state of the modern film about blushploitatsiya, indulging in senseless gangster stereotypes and pretending to celebrate life in the “hood”, despising it all the time. While similar “Shafts” and “Superfly” in the 1970s could spread stereotypes and paraphrase worn out plots, they possessed freshness, energy and innocence, which caused a response in the audience of all races and still make them fun for watches. “Launch” shouldn’t have been angry at not being a symptom of the tragic decline and ghettoization of African-American filmmaking since the time of the promising breakthrough days of the early 1990s.
