I saw the second part yesterday. And I must say that in fact it was better than the first. In the beginning, I realized that this is actually a continuation, not a remake, but not a good one. I don’t like old movies and TV shows about the Galaxy, because the cylinders looked like toasters (as mentioned in this new film) and were completely harmless to the old galaxy. This film turns sides - people were harmless, but the whole film was completely chaotic and stupid for me. Many scenes were unnecessary, for example, the story of a "computer expert" is complete nonsense. If I were a screenwriter, I would leave him to die in his house, killed by a cylindrical woman. And the evacuation from the planet? Oh, please, if the bombs detonated 50 megatons (why exactly 50 tons ??), they would have been killed by radiation. And how is it really possible for a large fleet of cylinders to be completely hidden before the attack? Yeah, maybe it was a computer virus created by Cylinder - the script was probably written by a ten-year-old schoolboy. The good side of the film is that people are finally defeated !! Really defeated, the population is approaching extinction (children die - two times clear in the film: 1. A child !!! Maybe one month and a girl under the age of ten - what kind of violence ...). And bad ass won, and I think this is the first time in such a sci-fi war movie about the galaxy. I also appreciate the design of the cylinders (not only humanoid: -) good work with these ships - I like the design of both ships - human and cylindrical. Human ships is a good old version. And the galaxy is really pretty with these docks, I liked that. But this is all, just design is not enough. The action was really bad, the whole plot was expected (only two things - the human cylinder on the Rengardoki and the human cylinder on the end). The dialogues were trivial (and in Slovak it’s just foolish to indulge, but not the film’s fault). The whole film looked like an experimental film for the series, but who will shoot such series? What will it be about? One star for the design, the second for the almost complete disappearance of humanity.
