This film is a mess, but at least it's not pretentious. The video box advertises it as a “fun return” to films about the gigantic mistakes of the 1950s. In fact, this is a transparent fake "Aliens" in the basement of the transaction. <br /> <br /> The producers obviously wanted to make a “STRANGER” picture, but they must not have had a lot of money. In fact, it seems they do not have ANY money. I hope everyone gets paid who worked on this thing. <br /> <br /> The main plot is preserved - a group of people isolated from deadly insect creatures - and I assume that the binding to the earth is laid for budgetary reasons. Instead of setting the film in space, where no one hears you scream, they set the film in a hospital where everyone can see your budget naked. The funny thing about Blue Monkey (and there’s only one funny thing about it) —the creators of the film didn’t give up on the aesthetics of Alien. Even though we are in the hospital, we still have an incredibly cavernous application where science fiction experiments are conducted, in this case the venerable device “growth hormone”. The app also serves as a boiler room (or something else), so we may have an explanation for the monster who is looking for heat. The boiler room is so large that it is permeated with multi-level steel podiums, ideally suited for the mucus to flow between the slats. <br /> <br /> The idea is that a person working in a greenhouse is attacked by a drooping flower from a rare imported plant that grows in an exotic place. He touches him and says “Oh,” so we know that he suffered. The cut on the finger leads to the fact that he loses consciousness in a matter of minutes, and in the hospital he gives birth to a white worm by mouth (I assume that in the “Alien” picture it will be called a “diaphragm sip”?) small children (patients with leukemia) sneak up on him and “accidentally” give him some experimental growth hormone. You know that everyone has a problem when some hospital staff are attacked by a camera on a crane, and pretty soon the maintenance technician finds several obligatory cocoons, just before a pair of semi-convincing manipulators grab it. The rest of the movie is dominated by a half-offscreen monster, whose penumbra is hidden by the gloom. <br /> <br /> Which brings us back to the “Alien”. How, you ask, can a film set in a hospital include all the flashing strobe lights that are always present in Alien films? No problem ... power outages (or something like that) lead to a malfunctioning electrical system, which obviously causes strobe flashes in every room of the hospital and constant flicker throughout the entire movie. This doubles the comfortable mantle for less than special effects (although the beetles look pretty neat, they don't move very well, and the bug looks adorable as a Kuti toy). <br /> <br /> Okay, so we didn’t cover the “Alien” base ... Oh, water runs down the walls! Check out ... we will divide the huge hospital into two parts, and then send some characters through a wet, wet basement to get to the other side. The problem is solved, now we have the opportunity to make a lot of “premonitions of the tunnel”. And don't forget the fog ... well, you never have to justify it in horror movies, do you? Well, maybe in the hospital you do it, so we will create smoke, causing a lot of things to light and burn. <br /> <br /> I did not say anything about an insignificant game, and not that the actors are given any kind of script to follow. I understand that “Blue Monkey” should have been fun and fun, and if so, this is a good attempt, but the pieces do not converge, and the film eventually becomes a real brake. Watch a movie called Alien Returns: Deadly Spawn, if you want to watch a movie of this type that does it right, with even less money and even more minor acting talent. This falls on someone else.
