* McCabe and Mrs. Miller * occur in the Pacific Northwest of the turn of the century. In a dirty, dirty mining camp, John McCabe (damned Warren Beatty) resorts to a barge full of cigar smoke and big ideas about building a suitable salon / brothel for a city full of a trio of creepy whores in cinema history. He also has an undeserved reputation as a shooter: too shameful about it to advertise it openly, but not quite afraid to use it to approve alpha male records among local residents. And thus, he pushes the boys to build his salon at a speed of 15 cents per hour. <br /> <br /> This operation looks rather sad until Mrs. Miller (Julie Christie) finds a striking fixture, half a railway car, half car (where did Altman find this thing?). Mrs. Miller immediately takes McCabe as a business partner in order to classify the new joint with the proper whores and the insistence that all visitors take a bath before entering. Noting that McCabe doesn't know how to add, she also insists on handling invoices. It is not clear what will be the function of McCabe. <br /> <br /> The plot thickens when a couple of fatty representatives of a mining company appear in the city and offer McCabe to buy it back for five thousand. McCabe tells them to move - he will last fifteen thousand. The company considers the negotiations unpleasant, so they hire a trio of murderers to simply kill McCabe. , although the way they think that they will be able to kill a person in broad daylight in the city center is just as incomprehensible as the function of McCabe in the partner house. (The exclusion of this colossal hole in the plot on the grounds that the locals will be too intimidated to speak, does not cut the mustard, given that any prize money offered by the local marshal would be quite tempting.) <br /> <br / > * McCabe and Mrs. Miller *, supposedly "classic cinema of the seventies", should be much better than it actually is. The film tells a pretty good story; the main characters have the potential to be interesting. There are several striking scenes, especially one, in which, it seems, 14-year-old stone killers are involved. But really, it’s very hard to enjoy a movie when you barely hear someone say, and when you barely see someone doing it. Once again, this director hijacks his own film with obvious laziness and sloppiness. According to the trivia sheet here on IMDb, the film's editor grabbed Altman that the sound was dirty; Altman does not agree; and when everyone said that the sound was dirty after the film was released, Altman blamed the editor. (Nice.) Along with the bad sound, the movie looks terrible. Only Robert Altman can hire a world-class DP, such as Vilmos Siegmond, and make a film that looks like they are spraying camera lenses with dirty water. Reviewers who praise the "dark brown glow" of this picture MUST be joking. Interiors are riddled with dark evil spirits. Exterior photography is even worse: as if Altman has placed 500 foggy cars behind abundant trees. During the climax, when Beatty dodges killers, while the local church burns, Altman insists on almost completely concealing the view with the help of a lively snowfall, which resembles one of the Christmas special bass. <br /> <Look - I can not watch a movie in such conditions. Come back to me when you learn how to place boom microphones, when you delete all these annoying Altman-esque dialog boxes, and when you erase lenses with Windex or something else. 3 stars out of 10
