How they made Al Pacino play this film is not clear to me. This film is absolutely terrible. After reading some of the other reviews, I found that a couple of people really enjoyed this film, which deeply puzzles me, because I don’t understand how someone in their right mind could enjoy a movie as terrible as Revolution. It’s not only that it’s a bad film with an unconvincing plot and a common oddity, which is extremely unpleasant, but it seems that the film’s creators were either mentally retarded (which is a very possible explanation of why this film sucks, as it does, probably still sucks even compared to other retard films) or made every illogical decision deliberately to make this film as lame as possible. For example, we see Donald Sutherland running with a huge fat ugly mole on his face. He usually has no birthmarks. Mole does not add to his character. It is very ugly and distracting. It does not look like the mole of Robert De Niro; it is much worse. What the hell did he get this mole? As if the filmmakers simply said: “Let's see how we can make this film even worse than it is? I know, let's give Mr. Sutherland a giant ugly mole right on his face. ” <br /> <br /> Another example of the cinema stupidity is the character Ned. We see the first three quarters of the film, young Ned. At some point, "six months later" appears on the screen. We see Ned again, and this, of course, is the same actor playing the boy. Five minutes later, “three weeks later,” appears on the screen, and suddenly we have another actor playing the role of the elder Ned. What, they think we're idiots? Oh god Again, the filmmakers say: “How can we make it worse? I don't think we can ... Oh, wait! I just had a terrible idea! ”I know that the child does not grow much in six months, and this is normal, but at least it grows more than in three weeks. Just do not force another actor to play Ned, or at least make him play five minutes when he is three weeks younger. In addition, the child who plays the "older" Ned, looks no older than the "young" Ned. In fact, he just looks completely different, much slimmer, and neither taller nor older than the original actor, which is very embarrassing, as I, like any sensible person, first thought that this is a new and different character. <br /> <br /> What, the first child died when they made the film? Since he was in it for the first hour and a half, and then, suddenly, three weeks later, the guy from Lok Stock and Two Smoking Kegs played Ned during the last five minutes of the film. And even if the original actor really died, the filmmakers had to at least find an actor who looked like him in order to play the rest of his role and reshoot the miserable five minutes of the scenes “after six months”. Better yet, just completely abandon the film, never finish it and never release it, never even tell anyone about it, because by this point they should have realized that their film sucks, and after finishing it they will just spend more money and time and succeed to star in one of the worst films of all time. <br /> <br /> I’m not saying that this film is so bad that it’s not worth watching; it's so bad that you MUST watch it, just to see how bad it sucks. This is terrible, terrible.
