The brilliant actor, as he is, Al Pacino completely breaks the revolution ?? his method of acting is not at all appropriate for the role of an illiterate catcher who fell into the American war of independence. Most of the blame must be attributed to director Hugh Hudson (yes, the man who made Chariots Of Fire just a couple of years ago is talking about falling !!). One of the director’s many tasks is to line up the actors, persuading plausible performances from them, but in this case Hudson allowed Pacino to go berserk, not demanding any restraint. The film is not only hampered by the poor performance of Al's career: there are many other flaws in Revolution that will be discussed later. <br /> <br /> Illiterate hunter Tom Dobb (Al Pacino) lives in the north. Eastern Region of America with son Ned (Sid Owen / Dexter Fletcher). Does he lead a simple life ?? live from the earth, raise a son, survive against the elements. The country is ruled by the English colonialists, but during the eight-year period (1775-83) a revolution occurs, which ends with the defeat of the British and the birth of an independent American nation. Dobb fell into the trap of events when his boat and his son were called up by the Continental Army? Inspired by events that they can barely understand, Dobbs fights for his life and freedom in one bloody battle after another. Tom also falls in love with Daisy McConnay (Natasya Kinski), a beautiful and fiery woman of British aristocratic descent. Their forbidden love is played out in a wider historical context of the struggle. <br /> <br /> How to start with the shortcomings of the film? Most of the key actors are wrong ?? Pacino has already been criticized enough, but Kinski looks a little better than a renegade aristocrat, and Donald Sutherland is hopelessly lost as a ruthless English soldier with a shaky Yorkshire accent. The scenario of Robert Dillon is confused in his attempts to bring the mass historical events to a personal level. No one seems to have ever decided whether it should be an intimate exploration of character with the American revolution in the background or an epic war film with several sharply drawn characters used to continue the story. As a result, the story does not fall into any country, running from the “grand spectacle” to the “little story” indiscriminately and senselessly. John Corigliano's assessment is rather terrible and pours out on hearing with neither thought nor subtlety. Hugh Hudson’s direction is awkward in everything, both in his poor management of Pacino and other key actors, and in his decision to use annoyingly shaky camera work during the sequence of actions. The idea of ​​a manual camera is to create spontaneity ?? this feeling of “being there” in the confusion of battle and musket fire. Like many other things in the film, this does not work. The only department where the film gains at least a little respectability is the details of the period, costumes, sets and weapons that look consistently accurate. But if you are interested in the details of the period, a trip to the museum would be the best way to spend time, because, as an inspiring cinematic experience, Revolution does not even begin to receive an estimate. Nothing less than a megabomb worth £ 18,000,000 that the sick British film industry could afford in the mid-1980s.
