What a wonderful word "rethinking." Isn't that what they call Dawn of the Dead MMIV (2004)? Really clever word - it masks the term that everyone began to hate, that is, “redo”, and makes it almost sound, as if the process of creating a person was creative and included imagination. Well, damn, I was deceived. At the very least, I was more seduced by the idea of ​​countless blood and unbridled violence than the idea of ​​“rethinking”, although this played a role. <br /> <br /> Still, why make a remake? The directors do this only for several reasons: to renew the film for a modern audience, or because they personally love the original and want to pay tribute to it. Tribute if you want. However, all of this in general (I allow exceptions) comes down to one thing: the theft of someone’s ideas and their change (or “rethinking”), so that those who never see it or understand it will pay money to see. It's like Coles / Cliffs notes; throw everything in a blender, clean everything that is more mysterious and curious, and add a few artificial flavors. In other words, a great marketing scheme. <br /> <br /> So what’s wrong with that? Well, I'll start with what I liked. I liked the first scenes. Thanks to CGI and a larger budget, we were able to understand the chaos of the zombie holocaust. Romero tried to communicate in the original with the help of minimalist means. We see a city in ruins, thousands of zombies: chaos and death. Two words that look beautiful on the screen. Then everything will fall apart. <br /> <br /> This setting will lead nowhere. The film does what almost every remake does. It adds the most, except character, atmosphere and history. It is noisier, (in a sense) more bloody and more complete with the main characters, who seem to only die on meaningless plots. The settlement, a shopping center that played a crucial role in the history and theme of the original film, is purely random. The idea conveyed in the movie Romero - pure enthusiastic joy from the fact that you have a "fortress, like a fortress", has disappeared. In addition, in this "rethinking" there is no courage, no spirit, no balls. This suggests (probably quite correctly) that the audience has no concentration and does not attempt to interest us in characters or history. The film is in a hurry and misses the more relaxed interaction of the four characters of the original. In fact, you began to take care of these people in Romero's version, because there was a certain realism in their existence, despite the madness outside the mall. Here you do not care when or who leaves: it is important how they go. <br /> <br /> What else can they say? The film is not scary. He has one or two "jumping" scenes, and he is trying to catch up with bloody and loud special effects. Like a story, it is really too volatile to follow, and the conflicts between the characters are too weak to save it. Humor also comes down to a few one-line players (and one really good character: Andy). After that, what remains? An end that is simply ridiculous and far inferior to the repressed, inevitable ambiguity of the original film. But, despite the fact that this is a pretty bad movie (although not as bad as some other remakes), it should be remembered on one side: he knocked out Passion of the Christ from number one at the box office. Well done zombies.
