This film is pure Hollywood hockey. It is based on a novel called Not Too Deep Not Not Too Deep 'from Richard Sale, which may or may not be interesting; It will take a study to find out! The story in the film is taken for granted by many incidents and a great background, which obviously existed in the novel, but were not seen anywhere in the film, so either the film was cruelly cut out or the script was erratic from the very beginning. There is not a single millisecond in this film that is remotely realistic in terms of events or characters. This is pure Hollywood fantasy in every way. Two well-known actors, Paul Lucas and Peter Lorre, are so underestimated and wasted that there was no point in their role in the film at all. They must have been thrown into the mixture so that a drop of finely chopped green onion was added to the omelet, hoping that the flavor would improve. The film is a hard attempt to create a “moral story”, and it is so banal that it is ridiculous. This story concerns some hardcore criminals in French Guiana who want to escape from their French colonial prison through the jungle (very much like Hollywood jungle with a rubber snake). Naturally, there should be a woman in this story, so Joan Crawford calls her a vagabond who lacks luck and who for some reason becomes irresistible for Clark Gable, one of the escaped criminals. Crawford, fleeing through the jungle, wears high-heeled shoes and keeps the makeup fresh. Gable flirts, grimaces and expresses a grim expression, wrinkling his forehead, as usual, grinning and hinting at everyone that was his manner of behavior. It is difficult to treat such a character as hardened criminals, when he always tries so hard to be Clark Gable that, of course, he does not have time to be a thief. (Attention seekers are by definition too busy to steal and not suitable for the task that requires people NOT to see them.) The entire escapade is so ridiculous that it can only be viewed as a light entertainment. An attempt at religiosity and “depth” is made by introducing into the history of the mysterious “angel of mercy” who voluntarily goes to prison and pretends to be a prisoner. He helps in escaping and accompanies all criminals and ministers to their various deaths, helping them to find "peace" in the last breaths. This character is very well played by Ian Hunter, who maintains a convincing atmosphere of secret knowledge, smiles enigmatically, makes mysterious prophetic remarks, and a small blur is trained on his face, giving him a heavenly glow. The theme is for redemption. You could call this the Donald Duck version of "Hollywood is becoming moral and heavy." For real depth, the 1953 Hitchcock "I confess" shows how it really should be done. By contrast, this piece of banal nonsense shows how bare Smyslov’s wardrobes were in Tinsel Town, and that when they were looking for something that could mean something, all they could think of was how you already guessed, more tinsel.
