W. Somerset Maugham (1874–1965), author of numerous novels, plays and short stories, was considered one of the greatest authors in the world during his lifetime, and although his reputation has faded over the years, his work continues to evoke critical respect and a large reading public. Published in 1944, EDGE RAZOR'S is a story about a World War I veteran, whose search for spiritual enlightenment challenges superficial Western values. It was Moema's last major novel, and he was very popular. Given that the novel’s conflicts are internal spiritual and philosophical problems, it was also an extremely strange choice for the film’s version — but Darryl F. Zannuk from Fox of the 20th century fell in love with the book and immediately published it published the rights to the screen. <br /> <br /> According to historical films, “The Razor Blade” was supposed to be filmed by the legendary George Tsukor according to the script of Maugham himself - and it looks like Maugham wrote an adaptation. However, when the film was put into production, Cukor was replaced by Edmund Goulding, a director who was less famous for his artistic style than his work, and Maugham’s script was replaced by one of the scenarios Lamar Trotti, who wrote memorable scenarios such as THE OXBOW INIDENT. Tyrone Power, recently returned from military service during World War II, was chosen as spiritually controversial by Larry Darrell; Jean Tirney, one of the greatest beauties of his era, received the role of the secular Isabel Bradley. The cast was particularly noticeable, including Herbert Marshall, Anne Baxter, Clifton Webb, Lucille Watson and Elsa Lanchester. Both the budget and the filming schedule were plentiful, and when the film debuted in 1946, it caused great admiration from both the public and critics. <br /> <br /> But time is a way to make sense. Today THE RAZOR'S EDGE is really a beautifully made film, but, apart from the absolute best, one can say that it achieves a rather consistent mediocrity. As in most cases, the main problem is the script. Although he is close enough to Moham’s novel from the point of view of the plot, it is noticeably untrue from the point of view of character and completely unable to cover the fundamental problems that drive history. We are told that Larry is seeking enlightenment; we are told that he gets it; we are told that it acts on this, but, despite the occasional and largely superficial comments, we are never told anything about the spiritual, artistic, philosophical and intellectual processes behind it. In particular, we are never told anything significant about the nature of enlightenment itself. This leads to the circumcision of the story on your lap. <br /> <br /> We are left with the plot of Maugham, in the center of which is the relationship between Larry and Isabel, the woman Larry loves, but leaves because of the growing ideological riff that opens between them. Tyrone Power and Gene Tierney were better known for their physical beauty than their talent, but both could achieve good results when they received solid directorial and script support. Unfortunately, this is not happening here; they are extremely memorable, and Power is badly mistaken when loading. Fortunately, the cast is not bad, especially Herbert Marshall, Clifton Webb and Lucille Watson; however, the then famous Anne Baxter's performance is not worn as one might hope. <br /> <br /> With a duration of just under two and a half hours, the film also seems unnecessarily long. There is a seemingly endless banter of the cocktail party type, and, indeed, the entire Indian sequence (which sounds a bit ridiculous) would be better cut out entirely - a strange situation, since it was this sequence that was intended as the essence of the entire film. Regardless of the particular scene, it all seems to go on and has no meaning. <br /> <br /> As for the DVD itself, the film was not remastered, but the print is very good, and although the bonus package is not particularly memorable and not bad. When all is said and done, I give THE RAZOR'S EDGE four stars for production values ​​and the willingness of everyone to take on the material - but, frankly, this film is best left to fans of Power and Tierney, who will like it for the stars. and those whose ideas about spiritual enlightenment are as vague as the film itself. <br /> <br /> GFT, Amazon Reviewer
