What if Somerset Maugham wrote a novel about a miner who decided to seek transcendental enlightenment while trying to join a country club? If he did, he could call it "The Razor Blade", because the Katha Upanishad tells us: "The sharp edge of a razor is difficult to pass, so the wise say that the path to Salvation is difficult." But Maugham decided to stay with a well-mannered class, and therefore we have a version of Larry Darrell Darryl F. Zanuka, who recently returned from World War I, carefully groomed, well connected to society and decided to find herself, becoming a miner. <br /> <br /> Or, as Maugham says, “This is a young man I’m writing about. He is not famous. It may happen that when, finally, his life ends, he will not leave a trace of his stay on this earth, than a stone thrown into the river goes to the surface of the water, but it may happen that the lifestyle he chose for himself , may have an increasing influence on his fellows, so long after his death, it may become clear that very wonderful creatures lived in this century. ” <br /> <br /> Razor's Edge has all the cultural taste of Zanuka, which can be bought for money. This is so serious, so sincere ... so important. When Larry goes in search of wisdom, working in mines, on merchant ships, climbing the Himalayan mountains to learn from the ancient sage, we have his selfish girlfriend Isabelle, played by Gene Tierney, his tragic childhood friend, played by Anna Baxter, snobby and the immaculately dressed uncle of the girl Clifton Webb plays, and Willy Maugham himself, played by Herbert Marshall, taking notes. The film is so unbearably smug about kindness that the only thing that worries him a little is Clifton Webb as Elliot Templeton. "If I live to be a hundred years old, I will never understand how any young man can come to Paris without evening clothes." Webb has some good traits, but in the end, we appreciate Clifton Webb, not Elliott Templeton. <br /> <br /> Zanuk wanted a prestigious twentieth-century hit when he bought the rights to the Maugham novel. He waited a year until Tyrone Power was released from military service. He took care of the dozens of well-dressed extras, and it sounds as if it was intended for the cathedral, and he even wrote some scenes himself. Efforts are as shy as a fat man in a rented tuxedo. Despite the fact that Hollywood looks at things in The Razor's Edge, I can tell you that hard work for most people does not bring enlightenment, just fatigue and low wages. <br /> <br /> After almost two and a half hours, we last saw Larry carrying his bag aboard the tramp in a storm. He is going to go back to America from Europe with a contented smile on his face. “My dear,” says Somerset Maugham Isabel at the same time in a carefully decorated salon, “Larry found what we all want, and what very few of us ever get. I do not think that someone can not become better, and nobler, kinder, knowing him. You see, my dear, kindness is, after all, the greatest power in the world ... and he received it! “Larry and the audience need healthy doses of dramamine. <br /> <br /> Maugham, to not forget, was an excellent author of plays, novels, essays and short stories. To see how films can make it fair, look at how some of his short stories were displayed on Anchor, Trio and Quartet. And instead of spending time on Larry Durrell, spend some time with Lawrence Darrell. The Alexandria Quartet reads well.
