In the summer of 1979, when this film became the main product in the new film called HBO, there was Summer Gazette and Iran Hostage Crisis. The change of mood was supposed to end with low-budget car films “Lonely on a Mission”, although Smokey and the Bandit continued to show “Need for Speed” films as cartoons for Roadrunner for several years. Corvette Summer is as bizarre as any previous film, such as Vanishing Point or Dirty Mary, Larry Mad, if it is lighter and sexier than most. Just finished, high school car genius Kenneth (Hamill) is hitchhiking to Vegas in search of a ring to hijack a car that ripped off his Shop Class masterpiece, a super custom Vette right-hand drive. Spiritually suspended in the desert of I-15 (see “Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas”), he sits in a regular van (yes, that was the tail of the van, also carried away), deceived, like a mobile brodello and controlled. the cheeky, aspiring prostitute Vanessa (Potts), heading to the City of Sins to make her, well, no matter what the ambitious prostitutes do. Vanessa, got it? Shy, innocent, Kenneth is above his head in Las Vegas, and only his general American determination and his new friend will help him, although the tough young call girl, as expected, is less peaceful than it seems at first glance. Why in the era of “I am a woman” Vanessa invested her talents, money and future in the oldest, but least worthy profession in the world, say, in college or even in hairdressing, can be explained by young men who would like to think that all women at least think about the joys of this career. Remember the target audience, right? Hamill is a good choice for Kenneth's white bread (the machine does not even belong to him personally, but his school), which will not be deterred from his goal by violence, money or even love - until he understands why the car was really stolen. Potts acts with style and energy, but Vanessa is too incredible for anyone but the most trusting testosterone machine. The bad guys are made surprisingly humane, especially always good Brion James. But there are not so many actions, and this is not the film that can be transferred through dialogue, plot twists, or heavy topics. You can always reach out, turn on the TV and connect the console "Pong." Chris Mitchum’s “Stingray” similar, but meaner vehicle, which appeared at about the same time, differed in lamer play, but with greater skin, speed and chaos. The best features of each film could be given by Vette, which is worth remembering. Thus, Trans Am was left to manage a muscle car dealership. Another film about the forgotten cars, returned from the dead by the beautiful weekend series "Speed ​​Channel", Lost Drive-in.
