54 - a film about the club with the same name in the era of the 70s. This shows the classic handsome bartender. Sexy women. Powerful owner. Parties When all the woven chaos comes, and the bartender (performed by Philip) seems to be at the center of it all. <br /> <br /> I will be as stupid and honest as possible, avoiding any outspoken unfair or incorrect comments (for example, the movie "good"). I really find it a completely horrible movie, complemented by his horrible cast. Every time I sit down to watch a film of Kastma Salma Hayek, I always wait to see her beauty, shining at the same time with a great view, but the reality always reminds me completely unexpectedly how incompetent she is. I mean, in fact, what she bequeathed to the masses, except for her huge table dance in "From Dusk Till Dawn" ...? The same goes for Ryan Phillip, another poor actor who gives nothing to the screen, except for his attractive appearance and insanely dull facade, also known as acting. Mike Myers, not as bad as the 2, he at least gives the film something worthy. Playing a battered, extraverted co-founder 54 Club. The type that most viewers will hate (that is, a job well done), he demonstrates a rather convincing performance that gave me a rare pleasure from filming. But, alas, it is not enough to save the film from its groundless and flat non-existence. In most "bad" bad movies, I find something that can be learned from a movie, but in fact it means nothing. Neva Campbell is not so bad, but she is just "there." The storyline is boring, it seems that the author was more inclined to create a film of this style and embellishment and forgot to add anything else. No point. Any class. Nothing at all. Because, like most jewelry, they are just empty meaningless objects that are just nice to watch, very similar to the basics of this terrible film. <br /> <br /> Truly, an hour and a half I could spend better doing something much more exciting, for example, talking on the phone with 90-year-old relatives about the weather.
