If you reached adolescence in the 70s, like me, you will probably remember the stories about Studio 54, do you like disco. An exclusive club, it was the perfect symbol of the cultural revolution of the 70s and self-absorption; there is even an excellent documentary about the VH1 club that can tell you everything you wanted to know about its heyday, and the stories are easily interesting enough to make a very exciting movie. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, it is not. 54 talks about the lives of several of his co-workers, a bartender named Shane (Ryan Phillip), a bus named Greg (Brekin Meyer), his wives, girls wearing Anita’s checkered clothes (Selma Hayek) and, of course, the master of the ceremony, Steve Rubell (Mike Meyers). Despite the fact that the events in the club are well represented, this film is more concerned with the personal life of workers, following the story of Shane closest. <br /> <br /> The film is jerky. Sometimes he perfectly reflects the smallness of the nightlife culture (for example, when Shane is taken to a dinner party and does not know who Errol Flint is), and sometimes he turns into a hockey melodrama. Is this partly inherent in the package ?? following subordinates, how do they mix in the world of the rich and fabulous ?? but this is largely due to the processing in gloves for children, with which both the club and Rubella are given throughout the film. While Rubella undoubtedly electrified the stage in New York with his penchant for an incredible spectacle and his exclusive hand-picked crowd every night, runaway drugs and sexuality are only briefly affected; and Rubell himself, despite the mention of his excesses, looks strangely positive for a guy who in his life was a liar, a deceiver, a drug addict and promiscuous, like hell. Not that I was looking for a person who would be shameful here, but his ego directly contributed to the fall of his club and the reduction of the culture of nightlife, which he helped raise. The last scene, where he looks at the regulars of the fathers, is so emotionally false that it seems obviously absurd. <br /> <br /> Meyers does everything he can to capture Rubella, but he is given so little here that surprises his performance is effective; but he is good and he helps to fix the film. Philip, whom I find generally a good actor, is stuck here because of the superficiality and stupidity of his character; he is limited to the smile "deer in the headlights" or a sullen, incomprehensible frown, and even he cannot translate this into a powerful performance. Hayek and Meyer are both fine, again, undermined by the writing, and Neve Campbell ?? noticeable on the dvd cover ?? it seems so short, she has a really long cameo. <br /> <br /> For some reason I am still interested, even fascinated, by the popular culture of the second half of the seventies. But even with this in mind, this is not a film that especially interested me, despite the predisposition to like it. I would say that this era or this club interests you, to seek out a special VH1, and not this melodrama in the middle of the road.
