At first glance, Ruiz decided to create a psychological thriller. Although it is not as pleasant as a classic play in this genre, there are also compensations. The tension that arose between Huppert and Balibar when women calmly but prudently fight over the boy whom they both argue are insurmountable; however, in a truly European art-house style, Ruiz does not allow us to relieve this tension, as women in turn also try to behave compassionately towards each other. The only raised voice is Huppert's voice awakening from a nightmare (the undeniable irrational event in the film). <br /> <br /> In fact, if we follow the title, the film about the skeleton of the thriller is as small as Jane. Campion's cut. Instead, this is an inter-gender psychological study focused on men. The boy, Camilla (Niels Hugon), solves a practical joke by making fun of his mother against the emotionally vulnerable other woman. Both women seem to indulge him, not scold, and this aggravates the problem. In the background, an impartial psychologist (Charles Burling), swiftly confronting women in his life — his sister Huppert, nanny or dad — and thus acting as a symbolic adult counterweight to the calm and (we teach) manipulative Camille, is particularly interesting that, like father in the film “The Turn of the Screw” by Henry James; Denis Podalidas’s father is absent throughout the film. Ruiz creates an Oedipal moment due to Huppert’s reaction to his return at the end of the film. <br /> <br /> This film, read as a thriller or as a psychiatric essay, is quite disappointing in the end. I am officially fed up with the technique of Madame Huppert, who is too buried, and therefore I will wait for her on stage before I return to her films (the European ones enjoyed the heavenly gates). The support is good. Ruiz, however, does not use services. Not to mention the poor lighting and intentionally strange pictures, it seems that his direction left the characteristic completely inaccessible - I mean, in particular, the shamanic neighbor Edith Scob, Isabel, who acts knowing, but reports bewilderment. The plots are not connected with the plot of moving forward - the tension about which I have already spoken does not only dissipate weakly, but also loses its potential of directionality. <br /> <br /> Want to see a good modern French thriller? Go and see L'Appartement instead. 4/10
