“The Ghost of the Shopping Center” is a film that best suits the “easy to forget” category. This is a pretty lousy version of the famous story of the Phantom of the Opera Gaston Leroux. A good idea for yourself, but the plot and production of this film is too weak to honor this story with dignity. On the other hand, Gaston Leroux does not yet have to roll over in the grave. It could be much worse. <br /> <br /> There are too many useless memories and too many boring episodes in The Phantom of the Mall to make it unforgettable. In addition, the writers wanted to give too much draft of the story than is necessary. And although Eric's character accumulates a lot of mysteries ... the main plot is normal and deja vu. *** SPOILERS *** This is a young couple who is torn to pieces brutally, because the boy dies in a fire. This fire was set on fire in his house because he and his parents refused to sell their house to make room for the construction of a huge shopping center. The boy survived the fire, and he hid in a shopping center to avenge himself. In the meantime, he guards his girlfriend, who is now working at a mall and trying to forget her loss. Although it should just be an entertaining horror movie, he is desperately trying to become a clever thriller ... and that's not what the fans are looking for. There are several innovative killings, but they don’t satisfy enough people who want to watch a relaxing horror movie. And besides, “Ghost Molla” could use a little bit of humor! This whole production, including the cast, is taken too seriously. <br /> <br /> I will try to finish with a few positive aspects ... As, for example, these are Ken Fori's stars !! Ruthless horror fans will surely recognize him as Peter for Dawn of the Dead! It's like a milestone of horror, which has not yet found any equal. Although his role in this film is limited and even completely unnecessary ... it was nice to see him again. Fans of television films also recognize Morgan Fairchild as mayor; she is a great actress and elegant lady. Paulie Shore is also in this, but I can't stand him ... so my opinion of him may be a little biased. And, finally, a little praise for the lead actress named Kari Whitman. She is a very beautiful girl, and she has a bit of talent ... it’s a pity that she never reached the top. In fact, this film is her greatest achievement, and this is enough for her career ...
