I absolutely despise this film. It is not surprising that José Larras once “denied” him and refuses to discuss it. I admire the work of Larraz, especially his more obscure thrillers with bastards / sexual maniacs such as SAVAGE LUST or SCREAM AND DIE. There is a kind of inevitable skill in his work that he cannot turn off, in part because of his minor career as an artist and caricaturist. It is a pity that he never starred in Western, his vision would be perfect. <br /> <br /> “BLACK CANDLES” is his most notorious film and, probably, his most famous after the masterpiece “VAMPIRES”. And this notoriety revolves around one scene, where the satanic coven performs a strange rite, including the extraction of the reproductive fluid from the goat - symbolizing the Beast - as a kind of nauseous balm that will be used to prepare the slain man’s neglected sister for her role as Satan’s bride. The scene in question is arranged in such a way that it looks quite convincing even without showing any sanitary fixtures that the goat may have been endowed with, relying on the story of the actress recruited to play the applicant in the ritual, and a lot of guttural singing on the musical score of the film, heard in half a dozen films attributed to Hasinto Moline. The perverted nature of the scene is more implied than shown in graphic detail, which is somewhat enhanced by the knowledge that the applicant is actually the daughter of a teenage satanic priest. But they funny composed this film. <br /> <br /> The problem with him is that there is no need to deconstruct or reflect much, except for the story of Rozyr’s subtle paper story about a woman excommunicated as Satan’s Bride from the sophisticated covenant of Satanists living in the hedge of a very sinister Britain Led by the Eurohorror Sensation Helga Line, these Satanists are made up of doctors, lawyers, land tycoons and other high-ranking officials, who in fact owe their professional success to their devil worship. All you have to do is to sell your soul, and the world can be yours, just beware of someone you can sell to pay off personal conflict, or you may end up being hit by a sword. <br /> <br /> the film is trying to combine this intoxicating satanic journey with tricks or borderline graphic sex, and it should be properly regarded as a kind of peak or culmination of the traditions of the Spanish thriller sex and horror, which were partially popularized by Mr. Molina and Miss The Line and which flourished surprisingly under the disapproving gaze of one Generalissimo Franco, the dictator who controlled Spain until 1976. While he lived, his decree was that in Spanish cinema there should be no graphic images of sex on the screen. Spanish directors often made two versions of their films: one with sexes hidden for their own screens, and one with fornication exported. It was just as difficult for filmmakers to express themselves, but the result was a kind of interesting tension that usually arises when artists flirt with the forbidden: the Spanish horror of the 1970s has a special taste that takes on some flavor. It is not for everyone. <br /> <br /> But as a result of a strange turn of events, without Franco's influence on their culture, the Spanish horror somehow dried up in the late 1970s, when their Gothic castles and demonic orgies suddenly turned out to be passive when compared to new sensations such as jaws and the phenomenon of star wars. And without Franco's restrictions, they suddenly turned into a stream of obviously graphic thrillers that jumped out of pipes in the very late 70s - early 80s, of which BLACK CANDLES are perhaps the most famous because of the emphasis on sexual deviantism with livestock animals. Larraza’s main horror films always revolved around sexual taboos (vampire lesbianism, incest screaming, dying and dodging), but here the effect of debauchery is to overshadow the rest of the production. Nobody cares about anything other than the traditional censorship campaign in the Goat Barn, and viewing a cropped version without a scene in the barn is an almost meaningless exercise. Sex is not graphic enough to appreciate how porn and chills are not cooling enough to appreciate horror. <br /> <br /> So, black CANDLE is essentially a behavioral study. This is how the high society of British Satanists can behave in their secluded mansions in the West Midlands or something else. Between sex scenes, actors / actresses are idle and have a lot of discussion. The best thing about the film will be for her, of course, the oppressive atmosphere of claustrophobia, with most of his actions taking place in the tightly closed interiors of the character's mansion of the lineage. Almost all the ways fornication hint, so fans of soft sexual jokes with a hint of supernatural horror will be surprised, and, of course, among us will be sex offenders who want to slaughter their chickens on the stage with a goat barn. But the final conclusion of the film is stupid, pretentious, insulting to the intellect and is probably ideal for such an easily forgotten exercise in applied logic. <br /> <br /> 2/10; Without the Goat Barn, this film is simply not the same, and with the stage it is probably too much for most viewers. Larraz was right to deny it.
