Pay attention to yourself - just because the film is alien, unclear, and the stars Catherine Zeta-Jones do not mean that it is good. This is the case with Blue Juice, a 1995 British film about an unlikely group of surfing fans, that (in any case, a stupid American) seems to be an even more unlikely place to look for surfers: Cornwall, England. You might think that it matters to a funny, whimsical comedy. If only. The film lasts just over ninety minutes, but it seems endless. The easiest way to describe it is a kind of British version of the '90s Grease without dancing, but even this makes it sound better than it actually is. No, the best way to do this is a small piece of life in a small town. Catherine Zeta-Jones plays Chloe, a young woman who lives with surf instructor JC (Sean Pertwee; you remember him). In fact, Pertvie is the star of the film, and his character is a legend of surfing for a small group of devotees to surf, a necessary strange group of free spirits who inevitably live in such films. In this case, he consists of a drug dealer who wants to become a journalist, a former nightclub DJ who wants to be a record producer, and a fat, boring guy who gets stones at an unnecessary lengthy scene and loses all his bans, which of course is the best that ever happened to him. I cannot honestly say that everything that happens in Blue Juice is predictable, since it occurs in a certain place and reflects customs and manners with which I am not very familiar, but, of course, there is nothing surprising or even interesting, what happens there or with the characters. The comedy, however, is very predictable and tired. You can feel the situation for a mile and almost repeat the dialogue (in American form, of course) before the actors do. The relationship between JC and Chloe is insignificant. She wants him to grow up; he wants them to remain the impulsive teenagers with whom they started. He is afraid of losing face with his gang; she thinks he prefers them to her. You get the idea. When I tried my best to concentrate on Blue Juice, towards the end I, as they say, felt that it was an hour and a half of my life, which I will never return.
