About five minutes later I saw where it was going. The school administration annoys a bunch of schoolchildren, and thoughts of insurrection begin to flare up. I told my girlfriend: if she drops below 5 on IMDb, I will go and read the book. It turned out 5.0, so she convinced me to keep looking. What are some good things? Well, well, that in this film there is no history, because you will surely be distracted from editing. This is similar to the drawing of a student who was torn up by one of the teachers, all the frames for this film were cut as a result of a monstrous accident involving a meat grinder, and half of the material was destroyed, and the other half - in two seconds. bits. Even in the ten-second scene of local television news there are about six cuts and three different angles. And then there are the montages. All this is tuned to electronic music, which warns you about another installation, so that, like Pavlov’s dog, you start to tremble every time you hear it, that is, about every three minutes. Oh, I should have said good in this film. Well, the film was shot very well, with a good color palette that matched well the emotional content - as it were - of the scenes. Well, now with the main drawback of the film, and it was not a story, or lack thereof. The director made this fatal mistake, knocking you astray because of people and situations, not by cleverly telling stories, but by a very selective approach to what to show to the main characters. This is just a hoax. I guess he did it to make the central character more enjoyable. But it just became annoying. If the story is full of holes, you should not try to correct it, misleading the viewer. And often to this there was no point. And then the final. In fact, the main villain of the world turns out to be a good guy, if he is a coward. In addition, it turns the whole point of the film into the fact that you have to defend a just cause on his part by the already mentioned delusion, and turns it into a point about the nature of the revolutions that have already been done and much better on an animal farm. He also committed what I call the sin of Bill Cosby: no matter how it seems at first glance, in the end adults are always right, and children are always wrong. And let's face it: if you're not me, it's just not true.
