When this film was released in 1997, “special effects” such as these were bad. They would even be dated by the 1980s, and even some films shot in the 1970s and 1960s had the same or better SFX work. Of course, no one participated in the production of this film, did not look for an Oscar. This is a wild departure from the usual material of director Fred Olena Ray, most of which have the word “Bikini” in the title (“Pirates of Bikinis”, “Chain Bikini Gang”, “Girls in Bikinis” from “Lost Planet”, etc.) And it's a bit more than just T & A videos, but here we are with a movie with a rating of "U" and aimed directly at the kids. You must give him credit for diversification !! It was a small cult hit, which subsequently led to the creation of several sequels - Invisible Mom 2 and Invisible Dad. Dee Wallace-Stone (whose career quickly went down after ET's 1982) plays the "Invisible Mom" ​​from the title of the films and returns to the sequel. Russ Tamblyn (whose career was in free fall even longer than Westside since 1961) is played by the villainous doctor Woorter. It would probably be fair to say that most of the actors were at that stage in their career willing to work on just about anything, just to pay bills this month - except maybe young Trenton Knight as Josh. This rather indicates that although he worked before this film, this children's actor no longer worked after the sequel “Invisible Mom 2”. Maybe a movie He was cursed. In the end, he was not so bad at this film. For a child actor, he is pretty good - no better and no worse than any of his more experienced colleagues. <br /> <br /> already mentioned above, the effects of "invisibility", to put it mildly, do not work, the direction is bad, the writing is obvious, and acting is nothing to talk about. Although there are films, and for those younger than ten, this film will undoubtedly be watchable. Most adults will probably want to perform the disappearing act on their own while it is on, and I would not blame them!
