Sammy Horn (Michael Des Barres) is the chef and owner of a famous restaurant in California. He has a beautiful wife, Grace Horn (Rosanna Arquette), who is pregnant, and a beautiful son of about five years old. Sammy really loves his family, but, like Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde, he leads a double life, having sex with many different women. Dr. Jane Bordeaux (Nastassja Kinski) is trying to help him. Well, that's my fault: I read a summary of other IMDB user comments, I saw the IMDB user rating, but I really didn’t believe that Rosanna Arquette and Nastassja Kinski could participate in such a bad movie. I decided to check it out, and in fact some of the comments are very satisfied. The storyline, the screenplay and the dialogs are so stupid and ridiculous that even in some X-rated films we can find smarter stories. The photo is so amateur and naive that in some places it seems to be made through a VHS video camera. Michael Des Barres has no point in being funny: it would be acceptable to be a bald old man in advertising Viagra or the grandfather of a little boy. But as an attractive man who gets and has sex with any woman, it's scary. In Wood Allen’s comedy, he may have gotten a chance, but in the “serious” movie it’s funny. I'm trying to understand why or how Rosanna Arquette and Nastassja Kinski took part in such a terrible, amateur and fucking film. Do they need money? Lack of chances in the best films because of their age? Are they friends of the “director” (sorry for using this word) and decided to help and promote it? I don’t know if Rosanna Arquette’s intention was to show her breasts full of silicone, but it’s not acceptable for such a great actress to accept such a scenario. The same applies to the magnificent Nastasya Kinki. It is represented by fat, without makeup, without glamor. Total lack of respect for one of the most beautiful actresses in the history of cinema. I was really intrigued by the fact: how can a reader, without any personal interest, promote this rubbish, give higher marks or write positive comments about this film? Are they the friends of the “director” (again, I use that word ...) or the cast? It seems to me very strange that such a film might appeal to an ordinary IMDB reader. My voice is two. <br /> <br /> Title (Brazil): “Viciado Em Sexo” (“Dependent on Sex”)
