This trashy film "B" is trying to disguise under the study of sexual addiction, but in fact this is a bad excuse for sexual exploitation. The story revolves around Sammy Horn (subtle name) performed by Michael De Barres. Sammy is a restaurant owner with an ignorant wife, Grace (Rosanna Arquette) and a small child. He has a sex addiction, and every five minutes he must have meaningless sex with any woman in his field of vision who agrees (and, of course, every woman on the planet finds him irresistible, despite the fact that he looks old enough to collect social security benefits). <br /> <br /> The story tells about a conversation with his therapist (Nastassja Kinski), where he describes each of his sexual exploits with the help of memories. This is nothing more than a convenient starting point for a parade of serial sexual acts that takes at least 75% of screen time. <br /> <br /> It’s hard to figure out where to start criticizing such a bad movie. Production values ​​are terrible. The film is shot on video with an expression somewhere between a TV soap opera (at best) and amateur porn Flick shot in someone's garage. The directing of Joseph Brootsman is terrible due to poor lighting, boring creation and bad acting leadership. The script is meaningless, and the dialogue is meaningless and vulgar. <br /> <br /> Women, as a rule, are portrayed as sex-obsessed nymphomaniac, just waiting for an addict like Sammy to appear and embarrass him, feeding their insatiable appetites with impersonal copulation. As an example, Sister Grace indignantly tells Sammy that she knows that he is sleeping and that she is going to tell his wife. His answer to this is to throw her against the wall and start raping her. After about three seconds, she has an epiphany, and she immediately turns to one of her sex students, begging him to give her more. As soon as they finish, Grace enters, and her sister tells her: “Oh, glad to see you, you need to run to pick Timmy,” and mom says about Sammy’s carelessness. The bonds of loyalty were sealed with good rapture. There is no spoiler here, because it is so typical of the obvious nature of the film that anyone who saw the first fifteen minutes could predict it. <br /> <br /> All sexy images are too exaggerated, mechanical and so poorly imitated. that they are more funny than erotic. Most of them are made with both participants fully clothed. The game is terrible. Michael Des Barres presents the entire depth of the rain puddle. It seems that he really enjoys sex and profanity, but when it comes to acting with Arquette and Kinski, he stays away. Rosanna Arquette is the closest thing to an actor in this film, she gives a tolerable view and looks genuinely offended when she finally discovers that her ideal husband is a lecherous animal. Nastassja Kinski is too compassionate as a psychotherapist, but at least we have an acting game here. The rest of the cast is just a bunch of doubles with raised figures, which they make you think: “Hit me harder, is this the best thing you can do?” And “Oh my God YES.” <br /> <br /> This film is one of the worst I've ever seen, with dubious distinction, given the thousands of films I've watched. I gave him an extremely rare dishonor rating of this 1/10. Not to be noticed within three hours after meals.
