You cannot deny that we have a desire for speed. That is why films such as “Fast and Violently”, “Dhoom”, “Rempit”, are created for the pleasure of viewers, especially local ones. We live on a tiny island, and I can't understand why, for the relative efficiency of the public transport system, most of us want to go into debt, having a set of wheels that come with 100% tax when they reach our shores, and countless taxes and bills to pay by working alone. Moreover, high-class sports cars were once seen by an outstanding politician in the north, that they would never reach fourth gear in order not to reach the sea. <br /> <br /> And these films are relatively easy to make. Hot wheels and hot chicks are always well suited to each other, focusing on the desired demographics. At this time, those deep cuts, revealing an extraordinary curvaceous chest and short skirts, emphasizing legs two meters long, can not be compared with the attention paid to the beautiful curves that exotic cars have in such films. Of course, among us there are (um) those who are inclined to think that sexists portray women as just sexy objects (otherwise they explain why car dealerships come with truck models, and films like these do not go without a leggy model in the frame), however , they do not guarantee the appearance of collective orgasmic sighs whenever four wheels appear on the screen, even when they do absolutely nothing and have their own gear in the park. The guy sitting next to me, I swear that he wetted his pants every time his dream cars appeared, and plowed his pants even more when he hears these growling moans of the engine. <br /> <br /> So, we have this, fan guys who appeared in the crowd, just to see which of the latest cool cars will be shown in the film. With the Fast and Furious franchise, Japanese models such as the Evos and Skylines are central to the GT. Here, the Ford GT gets an incredibly decent modification of the facade, which even impressed me, along with the latest models, such as Ferrari Enzos, Porshe Carerra GT, Koenigsegg CCX, and every car that has wings for the doors. But seriously, my heart turns to cars every time they are mercilessly broken for fun. I mean, it's very good, high-end models that are on top of car traffic, but, nevertheless, because whoever financed the film had millions to blow up, they do it because they can, <br /> <br /> Redline, just excuses to put together a film full of beauty (cars that are) that can break tarmac, perhaps in the most boring way, and with regular shots of pedals (always an accelerator, keep in mind By pressing on the brake) the pedal is tantamount to blasphemy and not causing so you respect), steering wheel, gear selector (always move up and down), and all the actors pretend that they are the most bad-ass with the engine roaring and giving each other dirty looks. Not a very high order for an actor, and that is why we get the most terrible performances in the entire history, with lines that seem to be written by elementary schoolchildren. <br /> <br /> The heroine (yes, she made a statement that the girls can drive) Natasha (very picky Nadia Bjorlin) is one of those million dollar finds - a girl with a model appearance who does not mind going down on all fours and immersed In oil, with a racing pedigree inside and serving with a rock band singing songs with lyrics that are simply ridiculous (each line was connected to cars, and when I sang about love, you just had to pull on such understatements as shifting shafts, lubricants and trips to the rides). Presented against her desires for illegal races by a gangster named Infamous (Eddie Griffin), she is drawn into family quarrels involving a veteran of the Iraq war looking like Leo DiCaprio, and some nasty depraved looking rich uncle. Everything else, as I said, serves only as a pretext for moving the film from race to race. <br /> <br /> And this is almost always the same thing, since a lot can be done to increase tensions. between race cars, especially when you know that the race is rigged (for narrative reasons) and you can see the result of the race a mile from the finish line. While Fast and Fast and the Furious were quite charismatic actors, and I lay my head on the scaffold, calling Paul Walker, Sun Kang and, of course, the star he created - Vin Diesel, Redline didn’t have any, just beautiful faces with lots of air unfortunately. From the very beginning, it looks like a television film, with a very tasteless starting sequence, with one person, one car and a 105-minute time trial to get to Vegas. <br /> <br /> If not for cars, this film seriously represents a piece of trash, with bad play, bad lines and bad action. Strictly for motorists or those who like their films with countless beauties, beauties who unfold their bodies without any conversational lines.
