In this film, there is a scene with a 42-minute mark, which is one of the worst I've ever seen. When F. Scott Fitzgerald (Gregory Peck) and Sheila Graham (Deborah Kerr) sit back on the beach, suddenly everything becomes tense and Sheila begins to cry - at this moment she tells her lover about her dirty past. This “dramatic scene” becomes so horribly exaggerated and historic that I could not help but turn to my wife and exclaim how silly it all was ... how dramatic music swelled on television, how it all came to a fake crescendo. No one experiences such moments - no one. Now I can’t say how true the rest of the film is, but this particular moment was ridiculously bad and fake, like $ 8 Rolex - and this leads me to suggest that some other reviewers were right - the film is a lot of bunk However, I don’t An expert in the lives of these two people, and the Internet does not seem to have clarified this either. <br /> <br /> Who were F. Scott Fitzgerald and Sheila Graham, and what was their relationship in reality? However, what I know about Fitzgerald seems to be different from what I saw in the film. Was he a courteous and decent man, whom we initially see in the film? Well, considering that he was married at the same time, when he continued to behave with Graham and drank like a fish, I would suggest that it is not. Was he the same disgusting and boorish, as we will see later in the film? Perhaps, but if he was so bad, and yet Miss Graham stayed with him, that makes her a complete fool, and not to those you would like to see in the film. And, if he wasn’t, the film is doing a disservice to his memory. In any case, it brought a painful and not very pleasant viewing experience. <br /> <br /> In general, the film seems to be a story about two not very nice or healthy people. In a dark and obscene way, some may find it all very interesting, but most will surely see it as a train wreck without surprises along the way! It is unpleasant, but with a glossy production value (especially with music that was excellent, but unjustified), the question arises: "Why did they decide to do it in the first place at all?" The bottom line is that this is a pretty bad movie and probably not worth your while - even if, like me, you're a big fan of Gregory Peck.
