Is this a film with a bigger budget than usual for a director of the Honda genre (with more clearly thought out decorations) ?? although special effects still have that distinctive joy to them (witness giant bats and rodents on display). It also has an amazing amount of American actors involved: Joseph Cotten, who plays the role of a visionary scientist, looks awkward and fragile (but then his hero should be 204 years old), Harmless Richard Jackel is the hero of the photographer, and as the main villains we get Cesar Romero and Patricia Medina (both essentially hiking). As I have often said, I grew up watching English-language films in Italian, but listening to Hollywood actors in Japanese is completely different! <br /> <br /> LATITUDE ZERO resembles the juvenile version of Jules Verne’s typical adventure and is quite interesting at this level; in fact, this is preferable to Honda’s light variations of the monster-at-rage formula, due to its unusual charm. The plot involves the abduction of the famous scientist Romero ?? it was designed to settle in an underwater, technologically advanced city, invented by Cotten (into which the leading minds of the world are recruited). We are waiting for a lot of stupid battles between rivals, but the most funny scenes are, of course, a foray into Romero's cave ?? in fact, Cotten does somersaults and drives away men in rubber suits (with the help of a flame and a laser emitted from his glove!) is undoubtedly considered the nadir of his acting career; another senior in the cast, Romero, more in his element ?? after all, he was the Joker on the BATMAN series and the 1960s movie! Kotten, in his team, has a scantily dressed blond doctor, assisted by a huge Asian; Romero, on the other hand, between an eastern femme fatale ?? which, however, ultimately gets a rough deal for her efforts (the girl's brain eventually transplants into a hybrid of a lion and a condor, which is one of the most ghostly-looking creatures you have ever seen!). Apparently, on the same day a set of two discs of this from the streets of Media Blasters !!
