The 7EVENTY 5IVE story involves college students playing a violent phone game that unexpectedly (for them, if not for horror lovers) makes them think. On the other hand, HISTORY 7EVENTY 5IVE is a horror film that had a very promising promise that, unfortunately, outweighed a very bad spelling. <br /> <br /> What could be funny, although a bit silly, old-fashioned slasher story is torn off early because of the mistaken belief of its cinematographers that viewers will like to watch a bunch of loud, tearful rich children who whine at each other big part time movie. With the exception of the police detective, played by Rutger Hauer (in the minor role, which is intended mainly to add the only stellar power of the film), each character on the screen is a different breed of youthful hole. <br /> <br /> A man and a woman, black and white, straight and funny, the whole ensemble of small and poignant college students bears the bulk of the film’s narration. Worse, since the story tells us that the game PARTY went awry, most of the time the scenes are completely filled with these little damn. Because of this, the viewer has several breaks, which should come to terms with the vicious shelling of finely painted main characters. Although at least some of these people are supposed to be friends, invariably all the characters interact very hostilely, long before a real conflict occurs. This leads to the worst possible result in a slasher movie: viewers intending to take care of the main roles, instead, not only greet the anonymous killer, but also want him to come to start shooting the empty guys much earlier. <Br /> <br /> The real shame of this bad performance is that otherwise 7EVENTY 5IVE really would have some potential. Visually, this is normal. New directors Brian Hooks and Deon Taylor know how to create a tense mood. They also manage to deliver some competent, though rare, moments of the classic bloody style of the 80s. Surprisingly, the cast is also good enough. It cannot be said that the actors are not capable of expressing realistic human emotions; just the script (co-authored with newcomer Vachon Nutt and director Hooks, who coped much better with the camera than with the keyboard) lacked such moments. <br /> <br /> 7EVENTY 5IVE can hardly be recommended, because its familiar premise and a few thrills cannot outweigh the bad taste left by the story driven by a crowd of unpleasant characters. In this warm chatter, the real mystery is why everyone should take care of a group of young people who do not even manage to love each other.
