Fortunately, I did not pay to watch this movie. In addition, I can not even open the spoilers, because I willingly walked after forty minutes of the film. It was so bad. I laughed once when Yahoo! The billboard fell on the guy, and the theme song began. However, it was only because I thought it made fun of it, but then I realized that it was still another product placement. <br /> <br /> I liked the cartoon. I watched it almost religiously. (although I missed the last episode. I heard that they show Dr. Claw, and it was none other than Claw, someone commented on the page of the show) There was more Penny and Brain in the cartoon than in the film. I hated setting it all up, reminiscent of Robocop. Then Broderick screwed in with the sensation of a Gadget inspector. He is not as clumsy as a cartoon. Another fact is that his gadgets really work as I have seen, with the exception of the oil slick. He also screwed up with the tone of the "Wowsers", which used to be agitated by the tone. I was so disappointed that they stabbed the cartoon so badly. Everyone else felt the same way. We, 14-17 years old, remember the cartoon with love, and we liked every minute of it. <br /> <br /> I entered the film with an open mind, knowing that they screwed up with the cartoon. I was puzzled by how backward the film was. He relied on jokes and stupid dialogue for humor. Disney relies on pain and physical mood to promote children's films. Placing a product in this film is meaningless, and it shows. A wise car is not so good at smart hacking. The gadgets look beautiful, but they were almost overly glossy. The cartoon was better looking. Stupid scenes were shit. For 40-45 minutes, I watched the movie, there was not a single laugh, and they laughed at the preview of the movie “Dudley-to-right” This film should not be watched by people who want intelligence in their family entertainment. I highly recommend Iron Giant, which was sad, but very, very good. This film is a parody of the whole family drama .------------ 1
