You may know in advance that I am not a Mormon, unlike a large number of those who have already watched this movie. I mention this so that you understand that the way I look at the film may be very different from what is in faith. For some, a critical attitude toward a film can be viewed as a critical attitude toward faith — and this is NOT my intention. So my review is a review by an outsider trying to look inside and find out more about who this person and his people were. Well, after watching the movie, I doubt that I learned a lot. Since I was a history teacher, I have a good basic understanding of Young, as well as Joseph Smith, and the teachings of the church. But anyone who wants to watch this film to really learn something will surely be disappointed, because the film seems damn cute - too beautiful and too unrealistic in its image. In addition, you learn little about church beliefs, except that they are good people, work a lot, and some have many wives (and this last part in the film is only hinted at). Instead, people are almost animated in their simplified images. Joseph Smith and Brigham Young and their followers are angels, the non-hormones were all devils, and Brian Donlevy (playing the exact same role that Edward J. Robinson later played in the TEN COMMANDMENTS) is a troublemaker who claims to be a Mormon, but just appeared, so the film can be a bad guy. Everything is so simple ... too simple. Almost like a film about the ideological treatment or commercial. <br /> <br /> Brigham Young was especially a very complex person - with many good points (a great organizer and visionary), as well as bad ones (don't even lead me to his views on blacks in church or intermarriages). To portray it in such vague terms is just silly. It is also similar to the way Gandhi was portrayed in the Ben Kingsley film - only facts that led to the fact that he was almost superhuman were emphasized. Heck, now that I think about it, this is the problem with most religious films - they often seem one-dimensional, banal and soft. Let's create a complete and more complete film about these people - a film that will be based on facts, not emotional appeals. <br /> <br /> Now, if you can ignore the fact that you learn little about the faith or its second leader, the film is pleasant enough. Obviously, someone in the 20th Century-Fox really cared about the film, as they had a wonderful cast of both main actors (Tyrone Power) and novice actors (Linda Darnell, Jane Darwell and Vincent Price) and wonderful characters (Dean Jagger) John Carradine and Brian Donleva). The film also had a great shooting location and a lot of brilliance. We simply had nothing to say, except that they were all "excited." Plus, there were a lot of factual mistakes and a few just silly scenes. Several mistakes include Young, who took office immediately after Joseph Smith’s death (it was three years later), the lack of mention of various Mormon denominations and wreckage of groups, talk of "gold in California" - although it was 1847 and gold was not will be found before 1948, as well as there is no specific mention of polygamy or Smith's numerous wives. Simply stupid scenes include how Carradine pulls out a gun and brandishes them on stage in the courtroom - and nobody cared, even though it was a very hostile audience! Do you not think that at least the judge will tell him to remove it and stop threatening these people ?! <br /> <br /> Last comment. I do not repeat, do not watch this film when it is shown on the American Cinema Classic (one great station that sank heavily in recent years). Despite the fact that I am critical of the film because of its simplified idea, I was horrified by the total disrespect for the church and its traditions. I mean it. The film was accentuated by advertising penis enlargement formulas, as well as many pop-up windows (some advertise a show featuring the “sexiest cast”). Talk about disrespect and rude, and I would also be offended if they did this for any other religious film. By doing this, they not only insult the faith, but also marginalize their market - in the end, who hears about these things? And about the life of Brigham Young ?! Is this a film in this form that you can show to your children or recommend to others ?!
