Nahhh! Leila (Grace Mills) is a teenager whom Satan (and LSD) brought her fiancé archeologist Richard. In the local decrepit ancient castle hangs the cult of the hippie demon, where Leila and Richard drink blood, drop drugs, participate in sexual orgies, dance to limp psychedelic rock, and participate in black mass ceremonies, where guys wear trousers, masks and capes. and women don't wear anything at all. Unfortunately, this kind of extracurricular activities made Leila open to demonic dominion from the terrible "evil spirit." Leila also comes from a spoiled family, which also does not help. Her older brother John is a hermit who seems to be in love with her. Her mother Patricia (Maria Persha) is depressed because she thinks she was responsible for the death of her father. To top it all, her sister (Maria Bones) is a slutty semi-pro golfer named (gasping!) Debbie Gibson. Around a lot of hired help to spend more time. Two maidservants (a young one who takes off her clothes a lot and an old one who spies on everyone), as well as Udo (Louis Induni); newly used bathing suit. Oh yeah, and the Borg, the home German shepherd. <br /> <br /> Paul Nashi is the father of Adrian Dunning, a doubting priest (zzzzz), who starts tracking after John and Richard have both heads turned back. Leila tells him: “They say that I'm a pervert, and I'm going to prove that this is true!” During a birthday party, she tells her guests: “You make me sick! I hate you all! ”And when mom offers to come to the doctor, she shouts:“ I don't want to see this fat ass! ”Debbie suggests that they send Leila to the“ restroom ”, but Leila runs away and rejoins the cult. She is saved (again) and returned home (for the third time). <br /> <br /> At this point only about ten minutes remained in the film, and all that we basically saw are some very boring scenes of heroes talking and whining about how terrible and tense their lives are and how Leila behaves strangely. It's almost as painful as watching an Andy Milligan film without blood and laughter. But finally, in the last few minutes, we get a film that implies a title - an exorcist flick of possession. Unfortunately, the best part of this is contact lenses that Leila puts on. Some cheap frame-by-line slashes appear on her arms, legs, and face, her lips are cracked, and her eyes take on the appearance of blue and white marble. She starts to smell like rotten flesh, spits out some kind of clean dirt, starts talking in the voice of her late father, sneaks into her mom's bedroom, lightly slaps her and calls her "dirty bitch of a whore." Father Adrian arrives, who now finally believes that she is really obsessed, drives off her attempts at seduction, hallucins frogs and eels in the kitchen and pours holy water on Leila. The doors open and close, the mirror shatters, suddenly there is thunder, and her bed rises above the floor. After she took up Dunning and two went down the stairs, the spirit left her and guess who? Why, Borg, family dog! Then the demonic dog turns on Adrian and chews him a little before he pierces him into fire poker. Then we get one of the most annoying final shots ever made in a movie. This is Leila on the floor, moving from her disgusting appearance to her normal sexual self. But then there is an OTHER slow motion effect that seems to suggest that the demon may have entered her body again. It's so badly done, you really have no idea what to do with it, which is the last slap in the face to anyone who just realized that he spent an hour and a half on this useless POS. <br /> <br /> Screw contacts, 1 out of 10 is.
