... you can't exactly push her away because she is old; and if you were charitable, you could say that the hard walk with which she walks is not really her fault. However, in these circumstances it is often difficult not to become irritated when you start to pull your heels behind her. It is the same with “The Pallbearer”, an attempt to do something “different” with a romantic comedy, which, therefore, is mostly savvy, because the venue is all wrong; sort of like showing your breakdancing skills at a grandmother and grandfathers funeral. <br /> <br /> To further expand the metaphor (perhaps unwise!); Like the old lady, with the beginning of the film you begin to feel that his death cannot be far away. Of course, this particular “death” is painfully delayed, slowly and gradually destroying our reserves of empathy, and, as depressingly, we come to the realization that the trial is only going in one direction: down. His difficult attempts at “humor” can be seen a mile away - again, not unlike the grim inevitability of death! <br /> <br /> Returning again to the image of the “dragging heel”, the main character, Tom, it was shown that he continuously repeated this action throughout his life. If there really is a degree of “pity,” then this juice is perhaps a few steps higher than the other, more well-known role of Schwimmer. Finding yourself in an awkward position when you need to align the audience’s sympathy with a character, even more “ignorant” than Ross, is not an easy task even for such an “capable” comic performer as Schwimmer, but I believe that he himself can find fault first. , enter into some seriously "repetitive" situations. <br /> <br /> How can he avoid his most famous image if he chooses scenarios where the characters can be almost “interchangeable” even if the situations are “t? A man with a long-time senior school is in love with someone he hasn’t seen for many years. Sounds familiar... ? Paltrow is nothing but mild in her role as “Rachel,” but all this, having passed through the old soil, might have been forgiven if the noticeable DIFFERENCES that were present would not have been so irrelevant. Unfortunately, the romantic element is so worn out that it is worn out, and the “background” is so inappropriate that it seems that the best way to describe the resulting film is something like “tough” ...! 2/10.
