This British-Spanish co-production is one of the countless films made in Spain following the unexpected phenomenal success of Italian westerns "Spaghetti", and, as is typical for such genre efforts, shows an eclectic assortment of well-established and emerging international stars: Robert Shaw, Telli Savalas , Stella Stevens, Martin Landau, Fernando Rey, Michael Craig, Al Lettieri, Dudley Sutton, Antonio Mayans and others. Ironically, however, this disjointed film mess serves as a clear example of why the majority of American movie genre has become a dying breed in the 1970s, and is now almost (or is it official?) died. <br /> <br /> I really wanted to love this film, not only because western is one of my favorite movie types, but also because it had all the qualities, including the intriguing prerequisite, to be good - not to mention already that my father purchased a paperback edition of the URBAN CALL short story after its original version is lightness! In fact, the only virtue of the film (if you can even call it that) is its eccentricity: for example, Stevens, playing a widow to take revenge on a man who betrayed her revolutionary husband, sleeps in a coffin (!) On her stupid crew the servant (?) of Sutton; Savalas, the bloodthirsty renegade, who at first glance seems to be the main villain of the film, is unceremoniously sent by his own minion Lettieri at the very beginning of the film; the villain of the play turns out to be Landau, who, in the very first scene of the film, robs side by side our legendary hero, who became the priest of Shaw! Fernando Rey, playing a blind peasant, the only one who can identify the rebellious Shaw, who, in the end, turned out to be just a cover for ... well, never mind! As you can see, the plot is very tangled, and from there it becomes unfamiliar! The film crew responsible for this film also lags behind other Western restaurants, such as CUSTER OF THE WEST (1967), BAD MAN'S RIVER (1971), CAPTAIN APACHE (1971) and PANCHO VILLA (1972).
