I am amazed at the amount of praise that other commentators are giving in this film. For me, it was rather a disappointment, especially the combination of historical facts, fantasies and inner turmoil of the main character does not work at all (in Vonnegut’s Slaughterhouse 5, and even in George Roy Hill’s adaptation to the screen he does). Trust is often over the top. Too many questions left open. Did I miss some central points? Or I could not identify the lines that supposedly connect the points? <br /> <br /> A boy named Campbell Jr. is growing up in upstate New York. At home his father has many technical trading papers and one book. It has photos of heaps of corpses. The boy turns the book over, his dad does not like when he does it. What should this tell me? The family moves from upstate New York to Berlin. BANG. In 1938, the boy was married in Berlin and the playwright of the theater. What plays does he write? In which language? Is he successful? His wife is an actress and looks glamorous. Parents return to the US and invite their son to do the same. He is not. What for? Because, having grown up in Germany, does he feel more like German than American? Because he is successful? Because his wife? Because he likes his life there? Because he loves the Nazis? Because he is just lazy and does not like change? Do not ask me. <br /> <br /> Perhaps a person just doesn’t care, he is not interested in politics, is a kind of existentialist. He claims to be deeply in love with his wife. He talks about his Republic of Two (meaning he and his wife). There is practically no evidence in the film that confirms his love for his wife, most likely it is “Republic One”. <br /> <br /> At the request of US agent Campbell Jr., agrees to the anti-Semitic broadcast. The Nazis hate propaganda among American listeners as a device for transmitting encrypted messages to American authorities who read between the lines. An important meeting with an agent on a Berlin park bench is short, uninteresting and anti-climatic, the decision to play along quite easily, without explanation, the ascent to the broadcaster seems unprecedented and, apparently, quick. <br /> <br /> So now we have Campbell, Jr., presenting himself on the air as the last free American. The scheme of transferring secret messages is quite realistic and interesting - although it is interesting what happened when Campbell Jr. really and honestly had to cough, hiccup, etc. (Must have been terribly mixed up messages). Be that as it may, the Nazis are losing, the wife is dying (touring German troops in the Crimea - I never heard such trips really take place on the German fronts in World War II), Campbell Jr. says that he is going to the Russian front, but does not go, is captured by an American soldier who recognizes his circle (how was it?), drags himself on an excursion to Auschwitz, then is released and resettled with the help of a Critical agent somewhere in the city of New York. /> <br /> AND THIS IS THERE, WHERE THE REAL HISTORY BEGINS <br /> <br /> BACH. From now on, this is similar to the story of Paul Oster. Already in 1961, Campbell Jr. lives in the New York house as the former and mourns the loss of his wife. Doesn't anyone really care or not? Yes, one way or another, they do, and his neighbors offer some sort of distraction. The survivors of Auschwitz. Painter. Some American supremacists "discover" him and want him to be their head. Do they even find his supposed dead wife for him, or is she his wife? In any case, in the end, Campbell Jr. calls the Israeli consulate, and they readily treat him in a felony, putting him in a cell next to Adolf Eichmann. He writes his life story and, as soon as this task is completed, he hangs himself on typewriter tapes, without dropping a bit. <br /> <Although I see that there should be a problem of guilt and loss, I just got the impression that the main character is a person who is indifferent to everything at all times and is hardly capable of loving anyone. So I found it hard to sympathize with this loser who mourns his loss. Surprisingly, many reviewers focus on his status as a potential war hero, jeopardizing his reputation for playing The Last Free American. I believe that in their opinion, it took a lot of time. masculinity. In fact, however, the film assumes that, by accepting the assignment, Campbell has created a win-win situation for himself, since he would be politically secure, regardless of who won the war. During the first part of the story, the danger of its disclosure never arises. <br /> <br /> It can be argued that the whole story is a fabulous fantasy and that no one should worry about historical accuracy or logical development of a story that explains everything. But even then it does not make sense, in the first place, I suspect, because the love affair in the Republic of Two falls completely flat. This is very unfortunate, especially when you consider that Cheryl Lee, a talented, versatile and sensual actress, played the wife. She has too little time on the screen and she has to use a funny German accent. Another, one way or another, forgotten aspect is different texts (recognition, broadcast and hidden messages), but I think that this is largely unsolvable. Maybe I should give the book a chance.
