I chuckled a few times during this movie. I laughed out loud during the notarization of the transfer of the margarine company (pun). <br /> <br /> This film has three stages. The first is to be a parody film about how "a woman grows and starts a career." The Tampax® box was the funniest thing in this segment. Most of the actors are not listed here on IMDb. They are lucky. Few other people will be able to associate this thing with the destruction of their acting career. <br /> <br /> The second segment is a parody of how "a female shark sleeps on top and seizes control of a huge industry." Robert Culp has a few funny moments, all physical humor, including the aforementioned program. After his character dies, the segment drops lower and lower as Dominic Corsair climbs higher and higher. By the time she became the first lady, I wanted to pull the cable out of the TV and watch the snow. Instead, I switched to Pakistani music videos. I do not understand Urdu, and I do not know what language the video was in. It was still better than listening to the dialogues in this painfully boring “story”. <br /> <br /> Then came “Municipalities” with * big * stars, half of which are on the screen in less than a minute: Elisha Cook Jr., Christopher Lloyd, Raya Perlman, Henny Youngman, Julie Kavner, Richard Widmark and. .. * Robbie Benson. * It must be a fake. ”A young police officer is teaming up with a seasoned, substance abuse senior police officer who needs to retire. A horizontal flash on a police car is very impressive. It was interesting to see old RTD buses, as well as a Shell gas station sign and a sign American savings "- they are no longer around." Nagursky "Never stop where you might have to get out of the car," made me smile for a moment. Then they discuss how boring the young cop is. Lot. Back and forth about how boring he is. It was as boring as this description of how boring it is. Law number four of the Fourth Nagursky: “Never enter the record store that the acetylene burner was cut into”, made me think that the record store is a real business in the place that the dispatcher gave. Thinking about it was more interesting than installing the gag that followed. Young Falcone (Benson) gets a shot. Lot. He becomes a seasoned policeman, like Nagursky. The segment continues. Again and again. And further. It will not stop. He is moving steadily forward, no matter how many times you would like him to just * die * so that it ends. This is not true. It goes on and on ... Then begins the episode "Buffy the Vampire Slayer", which I saw four times. Thank God! This horrible movie ended when I went to get the mail.
