If the term itself were not geographically and semantically meaningless, one would call “Ned Kelly” as “Australian Western”. For the Down Under people, Ned Kelly was obviously the national gangster hero, akin to Robin Hood, Jesse James, Bonnie and Clyde, Butch Cassidy and Sundance Kid. A descendant of Irish immigrants, Kelly became a fugitive and a criminal after being falsely accused of shooting an Australian lawyer, a crime for which his equally innocent mother was imprisoned. To return to the government for this mistreatment, Kelly, his brother Dan and two other associates became notorious bank robbers, winning the hearts of many people in the countryside and striking at justice in a country where Irish immigrants were often to those who ruled the country treated with contempt and contempt. <br /> <br /> Perhaps due to the fact that we repeatedly encountered this scenario of a “gentleman’s gangster”, “Ned Kelly” feels very familiar and unoriginal, as he does justice to any number of stereotypes of the genre and cliches on the way to inevitable confrontation. Ned is a typical law-breaker with a heart of gold who kills only when he is forced, and even then, only with deep regret. He also has the pulse of the common people when, at the height of a bank robbery, he returns a valuable watch to one of his clients after one of his gang so carelessly kidnapped him. In which film on this subject there was no such scene? Such acts of electoral generosity, as, of course, bring him the love and respect of all the little people who secretly admire anyone who can accept the power of the status quo. Geoffrey Rush plays the typical stupefied law enforcement officer, who feels a personal interest in confusing this jumped troublemaker, who continues to avoid adjusting the establishment. There is even an inevitable episode in which one of the detained women enters the next room and has sex with one of the robbers, so she is excited by the romantic stretch of the criminal lifestyle. And the film is permeated with one hackneyed scene, similar to this one after another. <br /> <br /> Heath Ledger is not able to distinguish himself in the lead role, providing some material to make his character interesting or attractive. It does not help that he was forced to provide a humming voice-over narration that emphasizes the hypocrisy and pretentiousness of both the character and the film. <br /> <br /> “Ned Kelly” can perform a kind of function as a lesson in the history of Australia, but as entertainment, this is the same old story, told with different accents.
