I heard some bad things about Cabin Fever almost as much as I heard the cult deception. As it turns out, the first film of the new impresario, Eli Roth, is simply a mediocre effort with a drop in IQ points as the film moves. There are worse films, and, of course, more horrible ones (although I’m not sure how the hypermeter rose to such a level in blood as Hostel, there are quite a few fans of the genre). Although the premise is not necessarily bad: children go to the house for a week to meet with a very sick, blood-soaked man whom they set on fire in panic. He is dead in the water that feeds the reservoir, and soon all the characters somehow succumb to the virus that eats the flesh. Characters, or leading guys from college (including Ryder Strong as a hero and James DiBello as a dumb sidebar) or supporting "village" guys, are archetypical to the point of inertia, if not painful. <br /> <br /> As they meet their destinies, the townspeople become rather strange, and it seems that they are simply unwise to unite without much laughter; “Pancake” appears out of nowhere, and perhaps it could have been funnier in another movie or by itself, but in the context of the rest of the movie it just doesn’t work. There is also a young policeman who is dumber and less convincing than others. And the family that pursues Dibello after the incident has some opportunities that are not realized. But all this time Roth has been pumping his script with common sense out of the window and sudden scares and fears, when people beat each other with blood, and a killer dog wanders around. And that is not all. Now, unlike the smaller horror movies of Troma or even smaller films of the 70s or 80s, for which, I am sure, Roth is a devoted fan, he does not make him indispensable. It is also wise to have no explanation for where the virus came from. <br /> <br /> But, unlike these films, he also does not quite understand what horrible times are doing for them. Of course, his film tries to do it, and only once or twice does it turn him into a dull, bloody time (I really liked the random rabbit Strong sees while riding). It is not even very badly removed most of the time (although with its own artificial choice of style, ala is a red tint on the lens or that story with a bowling alley worker). It simply contains a lot of illogical scenarios and choices made (shave your legs with a deadly virus, yeah), and aims at a rather typical basis. If this is your cup of tea, more strength for you. But in the end, I discovered that this is a truly exceptional genre territory, which does not offend the audience’s perception, namely Saw, but does not drop the fence and does not constitute a tricky B-film. Roth also has the courage to finish the film on a true “what the hell” note, as the bearded Santa Claus clerk from the early shop serves a handful of black people. It may work if he continues with something better, or if he gives it all up. The same can be said about many films. C-
