It is assumed that Cabin Fever begins with the fact that it can offer something. A group of college teens after the finals (in the fall?) Sent to a spa hut in the woods, where one after another they are attacked by an invisible virus that feeds on meat. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, the first paragraph is where any deleted film elements stop. Fever is more than just college students looking for sex, drinking, talking about something all the time and seeing how many F-bombs they can get in 1:40 minutes or how long this mess will last. > Children act stupidly and react to everything around them. For example, one of them discovers that a cutaneous virus has infected her legs, and what does she do? She shaves her legs, not paying due attention to her wounds. The scene is a bit more than just gross. In another scene, Ryder Strong from "Boy Meets World" gets a bite from the hand of some child who speaks only "Pancakes" and likes to strike karate with those sitting next to him. If you can find out the reason why the baby "Pancakes" was included, I would like to know. In any case, Ryder caresses a wild dog and leaves to wash the bitten hand in the most likely polluted creek. Another child likes to drop F-bombs, react to everything around, and shoot at squirrels. What for? Your guess is as good as mine! <br /> <br /> Ryder Strong is the ONLY child with any recognition in this film. He is trying to calm people between shouting and shouting and F *** Y **! bombs that people throw around. When kids don't scream, they have or talk about sex or talk nonsense with other adult characters who EVEN MORE (if possible) are idiotic than children! An idiot cop with an IQ of 60, at best, could be one of the worst acting jobs I've ever seen in a movie. You talk about people who do not play with a full deck, this jerk doesn't even know how to find cards! LOL! I was like, "please shut up already ?!" He makes the children of actors look like geniuses! The only part I liked was Ryder’s scary story (albeit a horrible one) about a deranged guy in a bowling alley. In an interview, Ryder said he respects director Eli Roth very much. But the problem is that Mr. Roth seems to be experiencing no more than shock and blood. There are too many bad things in this movie for Mr. Roth to afford. I would like to agree with Ryder and find something nice in this movie. Maybe autumn landscapes at the beginning? In fact, Ryder Strong simply saves this film from 1! I hope he got compensation for this trash!
