I really don't know if Cabin Fever should be a joke or a film ... But as far as I know, it's a lot closer to a joke than anything else. A few years ago, the horror filmmakers community decided to take a new step and laugh at the genre, giving rise to the Scream series. Scream was given a list of all the nonsense that horror movie characters would make that were predictable, and the characters in Scream eventually did the same thing, which added a lot of humor and irony to this genre analysis, and inspired hope that horror movies will now be shown a little differently, either full of irony in relation to the genre, mockery of the film itself, or, at least, different in its dramatic process than all the “old” films that responded to the same tired criteria. Seeing “Cabin Fever”, alas, many will see how unoriginal, serious, pretentious, boring and not even scary some supposedly “scary” films are now, even a few years later. First of all, this film lacks originality, as few do. Several times it was said about how few horror directors of imagination do today, redoing remakes of foreign sequels, but staging a movie in a cabin in the woods just does not seem to be “humiliation” of anything, it seems, just robbery. Anyone who wants to be surprised by other factors in the plot of the film will not: once again, we are dealing with a film whose heroes are only twenty and some years old, who will not think rationally when faced with a problem. Rather, talk for hours and take part in fights than try to think and do something about it. There is not much excitement there either. For the umpteenth time in the horror film, they are tempted to kiss, make love and just have fun, all sorts of things that really do not make them different from any other horror movie victims who have seen it before. Secondly, this film is unimaginably serious. Every situation in which there are characters, every dialogue, every situation in the film is viewed with such seriousness that any viewer with a slight sense of mockery will be released when some characters eventually die. Nothing in the way the film is directed, written or acted shows no sign of humor or sarcasm, which is surprising when you consider that the film is about an invisible virus that you have never heard before eating meat (please do not laugh), I even I will not raise an actor's game, because there are no actors in this film. The cast was probably hired for being friends or neighbors with the director. Third, and it will amaze anyone who has previously seen a “good” horror film, the script is absolutely empty. Nothing really happens, some actions are repeated several times (“let's try to get help!”), Nothing makes sense, neither in the facts, nor in the psychology of the characters, nor even in the fun lame last sequence of the film, which probably should be funny, according to the director and screenwriter. In the end, I just note that there must be something terrible in the horror film. Gallons of fake blood, whether vomiting, splashing from severed limbs, or just dripping from wounds, was never enough to scare the audience. Important functions such as screenplay, ideas, and even cruelty are required for those who claim to shoot something scary. If I did not consider this a complete failure, I would agree that the film has one talent: it is disgusting to look disgusting. And yet, being detached and frightened is two completely different feelings, let it be known. <br /> <br /> I would like to encourage anyone who is a little interested or interested to watch this movie, first watch the old horror films, why not from the 60s, 70s, 80s, films shot by Wes Craven, Dario Argento, Sam Raimi, Stanley Kubrick, David Lynch, Roger Corman, William Lustig, John Carpenter ... this can give not only a good definition of that scary, or suicidal horror, but also convinces viewers that the "new" is not necessarily "better ". A good example related to the film is a few compositions provided to the composer Angelo Badalamenti for this film, although they are unmistakably close to his previous compositions, they are the lowest that he has ever done before.
