Anyone who read my review of “Alone In The Dark” by Uwe Boll, remembers that I compared the unenviable task of sitting through this piece of human waste in order to pull out every hair on your arm. Well, make this analogy one step ahead with this unwarranted trash chute and try to imagine the pain of tooth extraction without novakaine. Do this and you will have a general idea of ​​what the Eli Roth Fever is. <br /> <br /> I never believed that any one film was able to cope with the terrible agony that Uwe Boll provokes. like "the worst movie ever made." But to be honest, I have to say that “Cabin Fever” comes very close. This is another sad excuse for the movie, which had absolutely no valid reason to meet with any form of theatrical release. For someone who claims to love the horror genre as much as Eli Roth, he created the most annoying and intricate patchwork quilt I've ever seen in my whole life. How do you screw up with such a story? Think of the potential that this plot would have without badly written characters, without bad writing and without all this unnecessary and unfunny comedy. A film about a grotesque virus that eats meat could and should have been much better than what Roth prepared for us. This script has failed on many levels with me. And, although I do not doubt the obvious talent of this director, I know that he has long indulged in an idea that could well redefine the horror genre. <br /> <br /> Saying that this was a lost opportunity would indeed be a rough play on words. A generous amount of blood and disturbing special effects cannot even save him, and this is one of the elements that I usually strive for. There was really nothing in “Cabin Fever” that I could easily recommend to anyone. When three-quarters of the crowd leave the theater halfway, you know that the film is quickly sinking. My best advice to those who read this will simply be to rent before you buy. One viewing was more than enough so that I know that I most likely will never worry about it again.
