Those of you who, like me, were disappointed with the original horror yarn of 1995 "The Fear", will find more disappointments in this little silly sequel. It looks like a similar plot, but it cannot be connected to the original, except for the presence of Morty, a wooden dummy monster. Here is a quick overview. <br /> <br /> Twenty years after Mike Hawthorne (decently executed by Gordon Kerry) witnessed how his father brutally killed his mother and then committed suicide, Mike still suffers from the fear of this day. Hoping to get rid of fear, Mike takes his girlfriend and a group of friends to the house of his grandparents. His plan is for everyone to wear costumes that represent their fears, and then present the fears to Morty's mannequin. According to an Indian friend, this process should magically remove fear. What Mike doesn't know is that Morty is obsessed with the spirit of his father and starts killing friends ... or is it really Mike himself who commits murder? Who cares? <br /> <br /> I have several problems with this movie. First lie with Morty. I thought the original made Morty look pretty convincing. This time, it is painfully obvious that Morty is a man (actor John Fedele) in an artificially looking costume. This is especially noticeable in the early scenes, where Morty is still considered inanimate, but if you look closely, you will see how it flashes. Another problem is that most characters are not trying hard enough. Some of them, namely Betsy Palmer, on Friday of the 13th glory, which was excellent in this film. But most of them make no effort or they are not given a chance. Finally there is the kill. The opening scenes with the ax murders were very convincing. In fact, when I saw them, I thought that a good movie was waiting for me. When the second half of the film arrives and the murders really begin, everything falls apart. Deaths are either not created, or not visible, or foreseen (glimpses of the next scene, when Kerry has a blackout). One character dies at the end, and no one, including the viewer, even notices. Although more features were needed in the first half, it was not so bad. The second half was. I think that the new director Chris Angel reached this point and really didn’t know how to shoot scenes of violence, so they turned out to be very careless and pedestrian. The stupid end doesn't help either. So, if you really dislike the original and don't like to pull the pieces out of the skin, you should probably skip Fear 2: Halloween night. Zanatos rating: 4 out of 10.
