Attack Force has a terrible title, and you can almost certainly be judged by its terrible cover, because the movie is terrible! A mess of storylines, intermittent mess and a terribly stagnant pace make the film difficult to start watching. I succeeded, and I am proud. As a fan of Seagal's work (mostly his old days), it hurts to see his star in such a joke. The last half-dozen films of True Seagal, or so, sucked a lot, but some of them, at least, had some redemption functions. Attack power is a mess. From design to delivery, this film has undergone many changes, from the alien storyline, to the current super-drug film with a strong dependency, which will soon be unleashed in Romanian (the film has several settings, none of which are Romanian, but similar to Romania, that they are in Romania!) the masses. The film is glued without special relation to the original shooting scenario. Of course, the film is full of holes and loose ends. This has been a problem in Seagal’s last few films, but the result has never been so boring. There is a whole storyline that the water supply is poisoned by STX (this is the name of the drug cool), which is never solved! <br /> <br /> Of course, in recent years, the plot has not been the main draw on the Segal channel, so much attention has been paid to other departments, especially the militants. Before I consider the action, all other departments are poor. The direction is bad, or perhaps it is better to say bad. Who knows how the director Michael Keush originally conceived this film? Meanwhile, as he finishes his work, by repeated shots of stuntman Tom Delmar and editing, the coherent author's vision is completely lost. The best way to describe a movie is that it’s just around the store! Cinematography is boring, almost causing sleep, while the buzz (it sounds like it was produced on the cheapest of the cheapest synthesizers) doesn't care. Actors are also poor, they can not save anything here. Seagal looks boring beyond recognition and is duplicated on most of the picture, especially when the plot points change. He looks tired, overweight and lethargic, unlike what he looked like in previous photos (remarkably, the above were key complaints in Seagal's latest photos). The only redeemable cast is Adam Croasdell as one of the villains performing the Bry mucous procedure. It seems he is a return to the alien storyline because he plays it inhumanly. He looks like a cross between a thief and a vampire (as well as the leading villain, played by some hot chick who sometimes appears waiting for her husband? Dracula). <br /> <br /> Finally an action. Well, this is bad. Bad conceived, poorly shot. There is not much there either, and Sigal is even smaller. Stevo doesn't really do the trick, because there are so few things to do. There is even a long (repetitive and boring) action scene on the hour sign, which sometimes intersects with small flashes on Seagal’s stand, because Seagal was clearly not there while shooting the scene, and they wanted him to appear in the Segal action scene after all appears in person to shoot two guys in the head. Seagal has the credit of the producers and the script, but as far as I understand, the film behind him has been changed to the current state in which it is located. Seagal will obviously no longer work with these people or with Castel Studio, who continue to provide awful sub-Nu-Image (says something) material. <br /> <br /> In general, this should be avoided if you are not a Seagal fan. Seagal fans can also be safe in the knowledge that a large person will probably not want to do something bad again. Unfortunately, his next film, already filmed with the same people, promises to be even worse than this one. *
