I rented it because I was a little tired of programming the NBC of the 80s and apparently I saved a lot of money. I have nothing against any of the actors, and, to their credit, they do an excellent job with their work, but this show is wrong because of the premise. <br /> <br /> We have a character that you don’t like. He is full of flaws, not enlightened, and a full spurt on a good day. And yet the reason why someone should still be important does not exist. Although the creation of an American sitcom centered around a full ass is revolutionary and full of potential, it will not be met here on this show. Most of the minor characters are not fully formed characters, but rather sad pears that want sympathy from the audience for being pears. As in any comedy series, they are the most normal for the audience, and at the same time they nullify the lead character to such an extent that we see how the Battinger does harm to people, and they just stay there because ... .What for? No reason. Any normal people would just give up violence. To keep them there for no real reason — even the truly incredible one that Joanna Cassidy gave in a very special episode of a two-part abortion that has its own big problems — that's where the show just falls apart. Just to believe that people tolerate this guy, because we are told that he has a heart of gold, does not fit into the reality of the situation. In any case, it is not even a drama. This is a poorly thought out, conceived and fulfilled premise, in which there were several moments, but in general it corresponded to the fate that she deserved. Someone had the courage to go out and put forward a very good idea, but the execution is so haphazard that it just looks like a weird version of Jerry Springer’s script, where someone is offended by this tyrant, which we have to support because we were told. For such a show requires a deft touch, which the actors here could easily imagine, but for some reason could not. And this is a fatal error that really killed the program. <br /> <br /> Take part in the show in its infancy. Despite this, the show is worth seeing. But it really messed up while trying to aim at the stars, and made the whole enterprise different from what it could be.
