Being called the most expensive film in the history of Finland, today Dark Floors is a horror film with an extremely Lynch narration, which tells about an increasingly decrepit TV series “Floors” (oddly enough) in an abandoned hospital, in which our main heroes are trapped. Headed by an autistic daughter and her father, who himself became disillusioned with hospitals that clearly do not have medical care with their daughter, sneak into the elevator, discussing the problem with one of the hospital nurses. Accompanied by a security guard, a businessman and a seemingly drunk tramp, the team soon discovers that the complex is abandoned, but they are not alone. Directed by Peter Riski, a Finnish-born, better known for his television work, Dark Floors was filmed in English, mostly with English actors, but it’s noticeably remarkable, perhaps, the most famous in Finland, the group “Lordi” 2006), as if by themselves, that is, in their monstrous costumes on the stage, as antagonists of films, but with all this unreasonableness, production fails where it is needed most of all, in convincing viewers. <br /> <br /> Any film that uses their main character, the phrase “this is too quiet” already leads a dubious path, and this horror, influenced by Lordi, does not violate this tradition. For all the good ideas that are thrown into the mix, there are a handful of mature cliches along with the worst of all, that which is interestingly original, is not thought out enough to resonate. The concept of degrading floors is initially very ominous and creates a sense of imminent death, because the audience is aware that those who are in the hospital should move further in the depths of the swamp. However, the atmosphere created to scare and intimidate the audience to unconscious fear is not enough, the viewer knows that the journey will become even more dangerous as the levels degenerate from brilliant white to hell black, but I don’t think the characters are sufficiently aware about this fact to be threatening. In addition, the entire film that takes place in what is, in fact, its own bubble of time, is again a very pleasant touch, a concept not often used in the horror genre, but the characters do not face a situation with sufficient fear and trembling when they facing this fact, they continue to go about their business too easily and without sufficient sincere concern for the idea to mean something to the audience. These initially good ideas simply disappear, as if the director and / or Mr. Lordi (who had many ideas used in the film) had these thoughts, but they could not agree or decide how best to use them. and as such lose their purpose and meaning. <br /> <br /> Nevertheless, despite all the frustrations, comedy is in large numbers, but not for the reasons the creators had hoped for. Too much is clichéd, too much is recycled, and too much is just ridiculous. While the protagonist is friendly playing Noah Huntley, the characters are just cardboard clippings that have been inserted into the story from other films. We have a lead man doing everything possible to protect his daughter along with clumsily developed love interest. Accompanying the "couple", we have the traditional black man in the role of a cruel guard with an almost endless clamp for his weapon and a frivolous unbelieving businessman who only cares about himself. Worst of all, unfortunately, this is the idea of ​​the Lords as the creatures of the night who torture our wandering gang of losers, but not to make them look like themselves. What makes a horror movie scary for viewers is the contextualization of fear. "Shining" is scary because it is a member of your own family that haunts you, in "Dawn of the Dead" is our fear of each other and the original cannibalism and irrational patterns of thinking possessed by zombies, in "Alien" "Dark floors" is not. It might not be fair to compare this production with these monoliths of the genre, but when you do this, it shows that it fades, and that its aggressors feel no more than crazy Klingons, where you can almost see the zipper on the costumes that they worn, without buildup Any atmosphere "Lordi" is simply not terrible. <br /> <br /> This is furious because we all cheer for losers and hope that they succeed, you want smaller productions to say that they can create the same quality film called “Hollywood” is very similar to the way George Romero started, but it doesn't always happen. I liked the film, and I didn’t feel that I wasted the ninety minutes I had just spent, but I felt pleasure on a completely empty level, as if nothing of what happened didn’t matter or affect me subconsciously, emotionally or critically. I felt that almost the Lynch narration was a great plus, but it disappeared into nothing. Why did it happen so? What does it mean? Will they pass all this again? Even without the slightest idea of ​​what will happen, the film is simply puzzling in order to try to be cunning. Was the whole sequence of events real or was it just a sequence of dreams? Did the autistic girl look at the Eurovision Song Contest 2006, and she just had a very strange nightmare, given the stress she was experiencing? Who knows? And, unfortunately, I can not collect energy to at least take care. “Dark floors” is a passionless experience that ultimately has little potential, and at least shows a lot of creative energy from Mr. Lordi, who may need to do solo work in order to fully develop his ideas. This is one that fans of a group or genre may need to pursue, but will leave you feeling thrown into trouble because you have not shed much light on the situation.
