Well, in terms of credit (if you can say it is), Timothy Hines managed to capture the original production of H. G. Wells's outstanding novel. But besides this - well, calling things by their own names - this sucks. What master Ed Wood could do with an estimated budget of $ 20 million! Timothy Hines really makes Mr. Wood, who in any case was an erroneous genius, like the best director of all time. Special effects (I think you would call them that) do not even conform to the standards of computer games. Acting, well, maybe comparable to dinner in a theater, and the accents are terrible. Threatening to sound insulting, many of the main characters are male actors (especially Poor Ogilvy), well, hmm ,. GAY! Poor Ogilvy crushes and hesitates around the fictitious English countryside, waving his asbestos white handkerchief as if it were heat resistant armor. Hey, the stormtroopers in Star Wars also had neat white flak jackets, and that didn't work either, they were blown up anyway. Even when Ogilvy and Company are roasted by the Martian "Ray of Heat" (?), They hesitate and crumble in some strange form of dance, even when they are theoretically DEAD and turned into skeletons that persist in obscene dance and writhing. Perhaps Timothy Hines rented skeletons from Ray Harryhausen, left after "Jason and the Argonauts." Or was it "Josie and the Cats"? I dont know. The soldiers, presumably because they are “military”, all seem to just blow up unconvincingly, like a soldier on crutches and his unfortunate comrades carrying a stretcher right behind him. Blimey! I like it! But all the “soldiers” looked as if they were either fascist troops of the Spanish Civil War, or Boer commandos (which would have been more or less correct for that period. Perhaps it was some kind of subtle subtlety on the part of this evil genius Hines) . ?) Oddly enough, the character of Kyurata looks exactly like the one he painted on the original illustrations of Warwick Goble, and he also turns into the most convincing acting work. Oh yeah. Do not forget the thunder of the child. In the book, a warship is described as an armored torpedo bomber. It was ram in ram of enemy ships. However, his nose was crushed after he rammed a Tinker-Toy Martian war machine with a tiny, jagged hole in the front peak, and it sank. An armored warship such as the THUNDERCHILD could have rammed through the TITANIC and survived, but I think the Royal Navy was bound by the same restrictions with the lowest rate that our own military could. All the costumes are incorrect, especially the British army and police uniforms, which were mainly laid out from USMC Alphas. And Timbo, obviously paying tribute to Western Films Of Yore, clearly shot his film in Wild West England, because all of its riders use western saddles. The accents used by almost everyone seem to be a mixture of some Scottish regional accent used by the Macabre clan and magically delicious Irish accents from the county of Malarca. On the credit side, and contrary to what one reviewer wrote, the only genuine, genuine feature of this thing is artillery. The guns are not from the Civil War, but, in my opinion, are bona fide British nine or 12 pound grooved bursting loaders, completely authentic for that period. So it was shown that the ammunition was used. But the Artilleryman, who is the driver in the Horse Artillery, was not shown correctly, leading his flexibility. You do not sit on the damn box with the armpits and drive the rifle squad, you ride the horses near the wheel. The discovery, using what I consider to be genuine historical footage, is normal, and the rating is not bad. However, as far as I know, there has never been an underground in Weybridge, and in 1898 it was definitely not there. <br /> <br /> But when I grew up reading this novel, I was very disappointed. Even more disappointed than I was in Spielberg’s version for a million dollars, in the version with special effects. Perhaps his version would be beneficial by changing Anthony Pian to Tom Cruise, and vice versa. I have a lot more to say, but now I’ll let it stop: I’d like someone to make a GOOD version of War of the Worlds, true to the original. Timmy has a good vision for film school in high school, or maybe I should say that it’s supposedly stupid for a film student, and about as bad as the best I can say about it, but that's all . Oh yeah. Where is the budget? What happened to Michael Kane? I would like to hear HIS comments! I have a sneaky suspicion that the breathtaking, breathtaking, masterpiece of Timbo's Orson Wood cinematography by Haynes can simply be a risky director's ticket to cult glory, because I have to confess to the guilty pleasure from watching this film, which I did not do. I still did not pay, but was thoughtfully sent to me by a friend who wrote me a copy on a DVD, without malicious intent, which I was able to determine. I have to add here that I thought that the dubbed and abbreviated version of Blackmoon was not only a huge improvement, but also an absolute, hysterically funny (in a good way) pleasure to watch. I find it difficult to watch the version of Master Timbo after Blackmoon. Keep it up, Tim! Make your own version of "DUNE", now. He is just waiting for the hand of such a master like you! And everything you love to shoot, who hated Cloverfield? FORGET IT. It CAN'T BEBEAT THE TIMBO, HINIS IS ARTISTICALLY FOR A HUGE ARTIFICIAL PLEASURE! HEY GET LIFE! TAMBO WELL, THAN MASTER ED WOOD! I did not know you!
