Lordi was the main deception and revelation in 2007, because they won the Eurovision Song Contest with a (not so heavy) metal song called “Hard Rock Hallelujah” and appeared on stage in a costume of horrible monsters. But let's be frank, their victory, most likely, had little in common with their great musical talents. The Eurovision contest has gradually turned into one big political circus over the years, and Lordi has probably just won, because their song finally brought small changes and, more importantly, because their whole act as if brilliantly faked the entire annual event. . Absolutely the last thing the first (and hopefully the last) horror film Lordi brings with him is change and ingenuity. Dark Floors, based on the vocalist's idea and playing a major role in the rest of the band, is a truly unimaginable and hopeless accumulation of clichés. The huge budget (Dark Floors, presumably, is the most expensive Finnish film in the whole story) definitely guarantees very creepy scenery and impressive makeup, but what's the point that there is no story to tell? The film takes place in a busy hospital, where a group of people, including the father and his little daughter with an unidentified disease, are trapped in an elevator during a power outage. When the doors open again, the floors are empty, and it looks like the hospital has been abandoned for many years. Trying to reach the exit, the group stumbles upon several painful and inexplicable obstacles, such as eyeless corpses, screaming ghosts and heavy metal monsters appearing from the floors. The only three items I give out to Dark Floors are exclusively for scenery and adequate tension in the first half of the film. While the ominous events do not require an explanation, the atmosphere is rather creepy, but as soon as you realize that the explanation a) will be very stupid or b) never comes, the good will simply collapse like an unstable house of cards, Costumes Lordi have never been scary to begin with (for except maybe for traditional Eurovision fans), and, combined with a story more reminiscent of Asian ghostly horror, they just look completely pitiful and inappropriate. With all the national myths and truly unique exterior filming locations, I personally have always believed that Finland is the land of a thousand lakes ?? it would be an ideal ground for potentially horrible horror stories, but I think this is another disappointment to me.
