I just lost three hours of my life because of this parody, and I can honestly say that I feel offended. I read reviews and heard warnings, and I thought I was ready for anything — at best, I thought a faithful (if erroneous) attempt at an original adaptation; at worst, such a good, bad “Plan 9” for the new millennium. So when I managed to pick up a copy at Walmart while in Florida and bring it back to the UK, I joked with my friends: “Get ready for the worst movie you've ever made!” Oh, cruel Karma. There is absolutely NOTHING to recommend this film. "Special" effects look like the work of a freshman using the Spectrum ZX81. The game is terrible, accents are worse than horror (the accent of one artillery man seems to take us on a tour of the British Isles, from Scotland to Wales through Northern Ireland), dialogue is suspended, editing does not exist, production figures prove that there were no costs. Words really can't describe how bad this film is; from the flag of the Union, fluttering from the terrible CGI'd Thunderchild (the royal fleet is waving a white flag, not the flag of the union), to an actor driven by forest worms, is simply a crime against making a film. When you look at some of the literally zero-budget fan movies that are available online (for example, the short Star Wars, Troops), the whole argument, “we are amateur enthusiasts,” comes out of the window. And if you believe the interview with Hynes on the Pendragon website, this film had a budget of 8 digits! I can only assume that the graceful facial hair is not cheap in the USA. Perhaps the problem is that Hines & co tried to make a film from a book, and not turn the book into a film (if that makes sense). Characters and extras literally sprinkle pieces of text, not trying to convey the feelings behind the words. Paradoxically, the only person who even came close to giving decent performance was Darlene Sellers, an ex-soft porn actress. My advice? Pray like crazy for Jeff Wayne to screw up and go watch Spielberg’s version. Perhaps this does not correspond to the text of the book, but I can say it; As a lifelong fan of G. G. Wells (so is the Englishman), Spielberg’s film is true to the spirit of the book. Maybe the customs were wrong to let me carry this monster into the country, but I will say this: Timothy Hines stole three hours of my life, and I want them back.
