One of the weaker adventures of Carry On sees Sid James as the head of a criminal group stealing birth control pills. The fourth part of the series, which will be held in the hospital, is perhaps the least genre. Everywhere there is a flat feeling, and everything seems to be wasted on the material below par. This is far from the nadir of the late 70s, but Williams, James, Bresslow, Maynard, and others. All the cool performers have not yet received script support equal to their abilities. <br /> <br /> Most plugs are running, not episodic, as is usually the case with Carry Ons. So instead of the traditional ratio of hits and misses, if you do not find the joke funny, you are stuck with it throughout most of the film. Do these continuous plot threads include Williams ?? Without good reason ?? worried that he was changing the floor, and Kenneth Cope in drag. Just as the falling physical chatter falls, it all seems more contrived than in other films, and lacks acting interest. Continuing this theme, Matrona lacks the usual format of puns and insinuations, basically he chooses characteristics and effects to provide humor. In fact, a few childish misunderstandings and constraints remind one more of Terry and June ... so the presence of Terry Scott is quite appropriate, it is useless to rob everywhere. <br /> <br /> In some dialogue exchanges there is a bit of old magic, such as this between Scott and Cope: "How about a little drink?" "Oh, no, no, I never touch that." "O. Cigarette then?" "No, I never touch them." "It leaves only one thing to offer you." "I never touched it either." However, while in itself a funny person (animating the boring episodes of Randall and Hopkirk (deceased) endlessly), you feel that Cope is not completely connected to the self-parodying ideology Carry On and that Bernard Bresslav, dressed as a nurse, was would be much funnier. This is partly true, although only during the last fifteen minutes. <br /> <br /> Williams trying to seduce Hattie Jacques while Charles Hotry is hiding in the closet is a pure farce in the dresser, but he lacks the irony to carry. its from. However, Williams' description of premarital relationships is invaluable: “You don’t just go to the store and buy enough for the whole room, you tear yourself away from the small strip and try it first!” “It may be so,” Jacques objects, “but you don’t you will put me against the wall. " Williams really comes alive in his scenes with Hattie, and you will never get tired of hearing a tin whistle when someone accidentally flashes their panties. <br /> <br /> “Carry On Matron” is a good film, simply devastatingly swampy-standard.
