I watched this version of the movie of the classic novel by Blackmore as a replacement until the 2001 version of A & E was released on video. And what a bad substitute she was !!!! <br /> <br /> This version doesn’t have a genuine aspect of I Am. The actors are mostly wooden (with the exception of Sean Bean), and the "romance" seems forced and contrived. In fact, there is no kissing until the end of the movie !!!! The triangle between John Riedd, Lorna Dawn (or Lady Lorna Dougal, depending on what you prefer) and the evil Carver Down is not mentioned or extended. We do not really understand here Carver, or why he has some (if any) romantic feelings for Lorna. This film excludes many of the novel’s key and interesting characters, such as Counselor Dawn and sharp-tongued younger sister John Lizzy, who played a crucial role in the plot. The script itself lacks credibility. Political intrigue also does not appear in the script. The way Lorna originated with Doones does not match the original story. Now, don't get me wrong, Clive Owen is a handsome and talented actor (look at Gosford Park and King Arthur for confirmation), but he looks like soft and durable everywhere, and long hair (it could be a bad wig) just doesn't suit him! !!! Polly Walker is a wonderful and experienced actress (see “Magic April” and “Patriot Games”, in which she also starred with Sean Bean), but she looks colorless and dull. She has a cold wound on her lip that makeup cannot hide, and the costumes do not seem genuine. The late Robert Stevens makes a respectable turn as Sir Ensor Dawn, although he calls Lorna only his beloved, and not her granddaughter, about whom she is said to have been in the book. In addition, it seems to me that Owen and Walker are too old for their roles (maybe this is makeup), and the scenery is brown, cold, gray and barren, with no particular hint of the sunny sky. I understand that it is installed in the south-west of England, but it is green there and they get sunlight !!! The image of Tom Faggus’s character and his “death,” which is not happening in the novel, further depresses the film. One positive note is the performance of Sean Bean as Carver. Although it doesn't even closely match the image of Aidan Gillen in the film A & E, Bean does make one evil villain. In short, watch this only if you have a few hours to kill, but do not expect anything exciting or that it will be true to the novel. Check out any other version (but I highly recommend A & E film) over this weary adaptation.
