Admittedly, I did not have high expectations from Corky Romano. But then again, who did this? However, I felt that this deserves the benefit of doubt. I also didn’t have high hopes for “Joe Dirt” - another recent comedy with the actor SNL - and in the end I was pleasantly surprised. But this film is just as bad as the preview. Chris Kattan is actually a talented comic actor - contrary to what you might think after watching this movie - with great energy. He has been in many funny SNL parodies, and I think he is one of the most talented SNL actors. In this case, he is given a meaningless, meaningless scenario, and he tries to correct each scene with his continuous robbery. Throughout each scene, he tries to limp to Jerry Lewis and fails. Jerry Lewis knew how to deal with this type of physical comedy, not to mention the fact that he worked with a much better script. Kattan just looks like an ignorant fool with ADHD who had too many Cafe Latte. He does not even wait for the raisin; he suggests that we all laugh as soon as he starts jumping like a monkey on a crack. In one scene, he finds himself in a duel with a dog, with a bag of cocaine in its mouth. The bag explodes and cocaine sprinkles onto it. He returns to work, stretched on stake. Now, how should we laugh at the fact that he acts hyper and irritable when he does the same throughout the film? <br /> <br /> As for the rest of the cast ... Vanessa Shaw is really hot, Peter Berg is lost in an ungrateful role, as is Chris Penn. Peter Falk is also wasted, although he has some funny lines that I am sure he improvised. I hope that Falk will soon get a decent film. This is too much talent, too much waste for a fool like Corky Romano. I also didn’t like Falk’s last film, Made, but at least he had a decent role. <br /> <br /> I laughed several times, but could not laugh. Every spectacle is performed without a sense of time or delivery. And this is even worse because of the Kattana hetmey game. And there are certain jokes that are pulled out with all their might. For example, when Kattan is going to fart into the faces of her two brothers. He stands there for 2 or 3 minutes, trying to pull out the fart, and when he finally does, he is small. It's bad enough when you have a funny gag and pull it out, but when you have a lame gag and pull it out, it's a hell of a lot worse. And another example of this is when he tries to translate what these two Asian men say during the drug business. I can continue to talk about what is wrong with this so-called comedy, but I'm not going to waste my time. As I said earlier, if you predicted bad things from trailers - you predicted correctly. <br /> <br /> My rating: 3 (out of 10)
