Why is this movie so bad? Well, if the reason is that you are so stupid annoying and not mixing, then this is a movie. Corky Romano's character is unpleasant at best, and simply infuriates at worst. The gags are predictable, but this is not what makes them bad. These are stupid predictable jokes your unfriendly friend would say. <br /> <br /> Corky Romano is about a gentle vet who tries to do the right thing but is clumsy. His quiet life is completely neglected when the family that once rejected him now needs him to get into the FBI to destroy any traces of the family’s criminal history. However, it is not so easy for Corky, because the FBI considers him a super agent and binds him to spy on his own family. There are misfortunes and chaos, but in fact it does not seem that there are any comic jokes here. Corky falls in love with his beautiful FBI partner, and he needs to set a record with both the FBI and his family if he wants to calm down again. <br /> <br /> I think what makes this movie annoying is both the main actor and the supposed jokes. Chris Kattan reveals his alarming limitations and the actor here, as his routine of one note will collapse in about 10 minutes in the film. It is quite normal to have a full-fledged film based solely on silent, slapous humor. Will Ferrell, Cattle's SNL partner, seems to have made a full career out of it. The only difference between Kattan and Ferrell is that Ferrell knows when to soften him and rely on other ways to tell a joke. There is absolutely no diversity in the Kattana routine. It's hard to hear the same joke twice, but for the whole movie it's just torture. <br /> <br /> Another problem with the film is the lack of truly original and funny jokes. Brother gay mafia, awkward guy and many other unforgettable jokes do not seem so funny as the first time you laughed at him. It seems that it was much more fun for screenwriters to write this than for everyone who watched it. Even with actors who have comedic talent (Chris Penn, Peter Falk), the beginning jokes are tired. There is no chemistry there either. This film was obviously the one for actors' wallets. No body seemed to care about it or even try. The sad thing is that no one told Chris Kattan about this.
