Although I heard that Cama de Gato was the worst Brazilian film of the decade, I watched it, giving it a chance; In the end, the new director, producer and writer Alexander Stokler managed to make his debut feature (shot in video) for only $ 4,000, and - although it looks even cheaper - I can't imagine everything he went through to finally show its in cinemas without major sponsors or production companies (then, when I watched it, I understood why). But whatever chances you are willing to give to Kama de Gato, they are reduced to zero within 10 minutes: this is an incredibly absurd, wordy, ideologically fanatical and technically catastrophic attempt to portray Brazilian youth from the middle class as a group of spoiled neo-Nazis hooked up bad sex, drugs and violence (and they also look like hidden gays) made without visible traces of talent, imagination, experience or the concept of structure. Visually and aurally, he recalls the worst amateur material that you can find on YouTube - only here it lasts TEN (two) minutes of inexorable hysteria and clumsiness, and this is not even funny or bad. <br /> <br /> We have all seen this story before: bored young guys want to have fun, go to parties, take drugs, and everything goes wrong - gang rape, whipping, murder, an accident (falling down the stairs !!) the mother of one of the boys, the culmination of which were the boys who decided to burn the corpses of the girl and mother at the garbage dump. Moral and literal trash, understand? The film was strongly influenced by Larry Clark (especially “Children” and “Hooligan”), but the Clark films - albeit moralistic and sexual - are high-end masterpieces compared to this shit. <br /> <br /> I don’t think that there ever was such a monomaniac impetus in the director to thrust his ideas into the throat of the audience: Stockler grabbed us by the collar and tried to force his non-stop moralistic bombast into our brains by repetition and exhaustion - you MUST get dumbfounded with such a great mutter, howls, mismanagement, shaky camera and terrible actions. Stockler doesn’t care about technology (image quality, framing, sound recording, soundtrack songs, dialogues, scenery, editing, etc. Equally awful), but he’s a narcissistic control fan: he anticipates the criticism he’s got to get by adding subtitles with comments smartie / cutie, and forcing the main characters to comment at some point, how far-fetched and deceptive it is all (I could relate to MOT). <br /> <br /> Despite his delusions of grandeur ambition, Stokler doesn’t seem to be able to give us a minimum of visual or narrative structure - he cannot even decide if he wants harsh realism (hand camcorder, etc.) or stylization (repetition of scenes, use of alternative duplicates, etc.). Hell, he can't even decide where to put his camera (for the THREE leads, a subjective camera is used)! The dialogue reveals some of the most stunning banal details ever; the plot exists simply to justify the director’s deep hatred of his characters and what they stand for. All that you see is what the director hates, preaches, condemns, moralizes, without resorting to a minimum of talent (or technology) to go with him. <br /> <br /> It is very frustrating to find Kayo Blat in this mess. Undoubtedly, one of the most promising young film actors in Brazil, with his sleepy puppy look and emotional coloring that often remind of Sal Mineo, Blat can be very effective under good guidance (as in Karandira, Lavoura Arcaica, Proibido "). Here he is told that he has to go beyond the limits, and he has to play with some of the most awkwardly insufficiently equipped" actors "in recent memory. He also enters the risky sphere of graphic sex-exploitation scenes (so goddawful they look more like webcams porn). <br /> <br /> The film begins and ends with a real interview with a “typical” (?) middle class youth - Stokler wants us to take these interviews as “proof” of what he is trying to preach in fiction. But he openly despises and makes fun of his interlocutors, choosing the raisin of disgusting, racist, sexist, stupid statements (which only shows that assholes exist everywhere). Stokler wants to prove that the Brazilian middle class youth are ALL present or future fascists, BECAUSE they are middle class and use drugs for entertainment (he says that all neo-fascists use drugs? Or that drugs contribute to fascist behavior? I could not tell) < br /> <br /> “Cama de Gato”, due to its dogmatic self-confidence, a headache technique and stunning boredom, is harmful for a thousand reasons, but, above all, it is very cunning: it gives weighty arguments to detractors of Brazilian cinema. "Cama de Gato" is best not to watch, not to mention, bury and forget.
