An accurate overview of Nuremberg should take into account the door to history, accidentally created with the help of the film “Valkyrie” (Tom Cruise). Valkyrie (2008) finally tells the world that during World War II Germany organized resistance, organized professionally with the participation of bureaucrats, military generals, soldiers and civilians who tried to overthrow the Nazi political regime, establish a new chancellor, achieve peace and close the concentration camps. However, these unknown absolute heroes received no help from the allies, who helped the French resistance in the neighborhood. Since then, history writers have used an institutionalized agenda to hide the allied evil that claimed tens of millions of lives, while everyone was forced to believe in the deception that the German people fully supported the Nazis and, therefore, deserved the 24-hour genocide and “unconditional capitulation "it was imposed on the Germans. <br /> <br /> In 1943, English scientists cracked the German mysterious codes, so much of what the Germans did was known. During 1943, the Germans developed new fighter jets and jet bomber companies such as Arado, Heinkel and Messerschmitt. However, even if the Nazis are destroyed and the German resistance succeeds, the Allies will not allow any democracy in the world to have jet fighters, jet bombers, high-speed submarines, ballistic missiles and radio-controlled missiles, without the United States in the first place! This is where the institutionalized agenda is relevant. Consequently, the German resistance did not receive any help from the allies, although they always had a decisive mind to eliminate Adolf Hitler. The coup July 20, 1944 is proof that the Germans made significant efforts to achieve peace. Instead, the Germans received ultimatums of "unconditional surrender" and 24-hour bombardment with saturation in the agenda to avoid peace. The Allies wanted to steal from the Germans the greatest technologies and scientists in the world and fully “own” by “unconditional surrender”. It was a deliberate allied program to allow the war to perpetuate and keep the Nazis in power to justify the 24-hour bombardment, but it took one year after the day before the Allied armies invaded Germany to steal the greatest technologies and scientists in the world. from the gun. However, tens of millions of people have died since the Allies abandoned the resistance of Germany for their own greed. <br /> <br /> The Allies imposed on the Germans “unconditional surrender” as a pretext for full ownership and control over German property and the government, and this was done without using German resistance to overthrow the Nazis. The allies wanted to steal the world's greatest technology and scientists from the Germans in order to achieve global technological superiority. Consequently, everything else came second in the program of evil allies, which killed millions of German people in a 24-hour bombardment; concentration camps remained open; the war was extended and led to a cold war with weapons based on German industrial achievements, technology and scientists taken from the Germans in World War II. <br /> <br /> The Nuremberg war crimes trials of 1946 were the public relations of deception and the massacres committed by the allies, are retrospective justice for the Nazis. It was a smoke screen to hide the evil and greedy program of the Allies for global technological superiority, and not to help the German resistance to overthrow the Nazi political regime. <br /> <br /> Tens of millions of people died because the allies abandoned the German resistance to the agenda, but they inflicted retribution to the German chiefs of staff, who still paid with their lives for war crimes in Nuremberg or not, although the allies committed genocide to achieve global technological superiority.
