This word “Truth” in the title of this movie made me ring the alarm clock. They sounded louder when the civil war in America was referred to in the title page as the “Interstate War” (circumcision preferred by die-hard southerners). Jesse James - a thief, a slave owner and a murderer - is described as a quiet, gentle farm boy. <br /> <br /> How dishonest is this movie? NOTHING is mentioned about slavery, especially that the poor sheep mother Jesse James owned slaves before the war, and Jesse and his brother Frank were actively fighting to preserve slavery. According to this film, all of these Civil War soldiers really fought to decide whether Missouri is a northern state or a southern state ... this is EVERYTHING. (Missouri: this is a lollipop! This is the breath!) In this film, black people are completely absent, with the exception of two flashes of a pair of beggars, one of whom wears the sign “HELP THE POOR”, which is very improbably typed instead of handwritten. (Some footage from 19th century newspapers is also inaccurate, with fonts from the 20th century.) <br /> <br /> This film has a strange memory structure. There are some very impressive tricks (and great stunt work), and one great installation. I enjoyed a single line of dialogue: "Some of these boys will never taste beans again." The film tells a few facts: Agnes Moorhead, like Jesse's mother, hides her right hand in scenes after the Pinkerton agents raid (here called "Remington"), in which the real mother of Jesse James was injured, requiring amputation. her lower arm. Some mistakes are forgivable here: during his terrible days, the real Jesse James accidentally shot off part of his left middle finger, but Robert Wagner (in the leading role here) does not have a stump. I saw a photo of the real wife of Jesse James; if she looked half as charming as Hope Lange in this film, Jesse James could have stayed at home more. <br /> <br /> There are a lot of revisionism, and most male actors wear hairstyles from the 1950s. But many of the mistakes of this film could have been avoided. Mentor Jesse James William Quantrill is mentioned several times, but all the actors incorrectly pronounce his name. We see Jesse and his wife moving to a complicated two-story house (where he will soon die), paying $ 18. In fact, the last residence of Jesse James (Lafayette Street, 1318, St. Joseph, Missouri) was a simple one-story cottage rented for $ 14. There was no top floor ... so when Jesse James was killed, his wife could not escape the stairs, as Hope Lange does. (Actually, she was in the kitchen.) One mistake of continuity: Robert Wagner (without a backup) does an impressive job, squeezing a bullet in his jaw and dropping while his hands are tied behind his back. back ... but when he gets up, the rope tying his wrists is gone. <br /> <br /> Strange and unnecessary juggling of dates takes place in the script. After attempting to rob Northfield, Jesse says that he is about to return home to his birthday. The actual raid on the bank of Northfield, perpetrated by James Ganges (September 7, 1876), was two days after the birthday of Jesse James. (He may have been referring to his birthday next year.) Later we see Jesse and his wife moving to their home of St. Joseph on a beautiful summer day, while Jesse tells her what he is going to do when Christmas Eve comes ... but in real life, Mr. and Mrs. Jesse James moved to this house on December 24, 1881 ... so this scene should * BE * on Christmas Eve! These mistakes could be completely avoided. <br /> <br /> Some of the fabrications here are meaningless. According to this film, the raid on the bank in Northfield failed because one (fictional) minion was late for cutting the telegraph wires. If this really happened, it would really prevent James Gang from fleeing ... but this would not affect the robbery itself, which failed for other reasons. <br /> <br /> Geoffrey has achieved good results. Hunter (as Frank James), Moorhead, Alan Hale Jr. (as Cole the Younger) and actress Marian Seldes in a rare screen role. I was disappointed with Robert Wagner, usually an undervalued actor. Elsewhere, Wagner proved his impressive range by convincingly depicting heroes, villains, and morally ambiguous characters. Here, it seems, he cannot decide whether to depict Jesse James as a positive hero or villain ... so he is not very worried. John Carradine calls him in the short role of a fictional preacher who baptizes Jesse and his wife at their wedding. In fact, Jesse James was baptized as a child by his uncle, a Methodist minister ... but perhaps this second baptism is a supplement. <br /> <br /> Jesse James was not Robin Hood. (I doubt that Robin Hood was also Robin Hood, but that’s another story.) There’s not a single recorded case where Jesse James has ever shared his loot with anyone other than his own family. After some delays, he did not even share the loot with the rest of his gang. In this film, Jesse was shot dead right after he swore to forever abandon his gangster ways. In fact, on the eve of his death, Jesse James and the Ford brothers stole the horses that Jesse planned to use the next day to rob a bank in Platt City. In preparation for most of his robberies, Jesse James stole horses from local farmers ... of the very same poor people who (in inaccurate legends) supposedly were the recipients of their bounty. I cringe in one scene here, in which the fictional Jesse James is so subtle that he does not approve of oil paintings, which tastefully depicts nudes. <br /> <br /> “True (not so!) Jessie's Story” James is deliberately dishonest against a thief’s murderer, and also dishonest against a civil war. For a very impressive stunt work, one good editing and some excellent acting turns, I rate this indecently dishonest film 2 points out of 10.
