“The Real Story of Jesse James” by Fox (1957) - an amazingly bad widescreen remake of their prestigious classics “Tyrone Power” of 1939 / Henry Fonda “Jesse James”. I'm not sure what the cause of the error is, but in this version of the two central characters, the uneven direction of Nicholas Ray and the script with the chicken legs are probably somehow connected with this. <br /> <br /> In the late thirties and forties, Tyrone Power was Fox’s leading man, but in the fifties his star began to fade, and studio head Darryl Zanuck began to prepare recruit Robert Wagner to take his place. This was a serious mistake on the part of Zanuka, since Wagner was a less than suitable replacement. With the possible exception of Broken Spear (1954) and Between Heaven and Hell (1956), it is hard to imagine that Wagner stands out in everything! In addition, Jeffrey Hunter was nothing more than a contract player for Fox, before he was assigned to play Frank James with Jesse Wagner in "The True Story of Jesse James." Borrowed from the studio last year, one of the distinguishing features of this actor was his excellent and demonstrative performance in John Ford’s classic The Finders. But his game here, along with Wagner as the second half of the James Brothers, is nothing short of boring. None of the players contribute any individuality or color to their respective roles. They absolutely do not hit the target, they lack the charisma and attractiveness, so clearly expressed by Power and Fonda in the original. The film is also overshadowed by too many memories, and with the ubiquitous script Wagner, like Robin Hood in the American West, looks like a serene introverted fool for whom you feel no sympathy. The cast is hardly worth mentioning, but it is embarrassing to see such a great actress like Agnes Moorhead, who has a hard time accepting herself as Ma James. <br /> <br /> The best aspects of this unattractive western film are the wonderful Cinemascope / Color Cinematography from the great Joe MacDonald and the excellent music of the undervalued and obscure composer Lee Harlin!
