Before I deserve the Spike Lee mess in SUMMER CAM, I would like to clarify one thing. I do not blame this film simply for its abundance of untidy and unpleasant images. What makes this film so inconspicuous is the fact that Lee seems to think that SUMME CAM should be taken seriously as a social and educational drama. For example, Quentin Tarantino’s crime films are filled with violence, profanity and other mean tricks, but, nevertheless, they are very watchable, because Tarantino is not trying to present these films as social redemptive works of art. He knows that such films are intended only for entertainment. On the other hand, serious dramas, such as “SALVING A PRIVATE RYAN” and “SINDLER'S LIST”, are often unpleasant to watch, but the nuisance serves to develop the plot and characters of the film with the ultimate goal of engaging the audience in the story and characters on the screen. Unfortunately, SUMMER CAM just falls into its own sensationalism and untidiness, believing that it serves as a social commentary, just like other garbage epics. <br /> <br /> SUMMER CAM does not serve as a serious drama, because its characters are just stereotypes with a cardboard cutout. His plot aims to show the emotional impact of hysteria about the murder of Son Sam on the residents of the predominantly Italian-American region of the North Bronx, where the killings occurred. However, instead of presenting the locals as a diverse mix of personalities, Lee simply suppresses all conceivable negative Italian stereotypes. Men - ignorant, lazy, crazy gumba. Women are divided between weak, complacent "good girls" (Dionna Mira Sorvino) and erratic "bad girls" (Rubin Jennifer Esposito). Lee seems vindictively wanting to “pay off” Hollywood over the years of negative African-American stereotypes, crowding out their own stereotypes, and it seems that few critics are concerned. If Martin Scorsese, for example, had presented the inhabitants of the African-American quarter as a group of stereotypes of Amos-Andy and Aunt Jemima, critics would rightly condemn such glaring stereotypes. More importantly, one-dimensional stereotypical characters undermine any film that is trying to become a serious social commentary. <br /> <br /> Without exception, the cast of SUMMER OF SAM is superb. However, the action, for the most part, is boring. The cast or just goes through the movement, or they have little work with the script. In addition, there are noticeable errors. Comedian John Leguizamo is very talented, but his character Winnie seems to be a stale, comedic parody of John Travolta’s Tony Manero from SATURDAY NIGHT. And Michael Badalucco, the permanent actor of the “good guy,” is greatly mistaken as serial killer David Berkowitz, and seems funny to him, not frightening. The only idea that is worth paying attention to is Adrian Brody, as a restless, but sincere neighbor of Richie. Brody's performance and the typically stylish Lee cinema are the only merits of this film. <br /> <br /> * 1/2 of ****
