Hearing through word of mouth how bad this film is, I took the plunge and bought a DVD. However, everything previously mentioned about this movie is true. For a film that claims to have a budget in the millions, it is simply not shown on the screen at all. The list of problems with the film may be delayed forever. The main one is the movie is too long. It lasted for several minutes, no more than 3 hours. Almost an hour could probably be cut off at runtime if the editor simply removed an oversupply of scenes that have nothing to do with the main character wandering aimlessly around. <br /> <br /> Secondly, as many of the “trailers” have noted, special effects are not something special. Tripods looked good on a few shots here and there, but other than that, everything was class Z-1970 or 1980s. Probably the worst effects were on horses that moved swaying back and forth. The heat ray effect was ridiculous, as people turned into bones, which somehow could still rotate without any muscles. The episode “Thunder child” was also pathetic, in which Thunder child, described in the book as an iron ram, did not look anything like it. Instead, it resembled a destroyer during the First World War, complete with deck weapons (which fired, but with no visible command) and torpedo tubes. <br /> <br /> Colors and backgrounds were as bad as effects. The most ridiculous was the scene in which the main character and his wife went on a night walk, and he pointed to her in Mars in the sky. Well, the sky is black, but the views of the characters and the landscape around them are daylight. There is also a very sharp distinction between a real landscape filled with full sunlight and a fake black night sky with overly large fuzzy stars. To divert attention even more, the color of the scenes does not make sense. In some they are flooded with orange light. In other green light. In others, it is blue light. In some cases, outside the orange lights, and the interiors of houses are green or blue. The frame rate and camera are very wobbly, everything looks stuttering. <br /> <br /> Finally, the action as a whole is not normal. One person portrays two characters, the only difference of which is that one did not have a mustache. This sometimes led to some confusion as to who was who and where they were all. English accents, even for American ears, are outrageous. <br /> <br /> In general, this film may well claim to be the worst film released recently. I have not seen Gigli or some of the other recent failures, but this one, due to its poor quality in all respects, can easily be worse than anything that mainstream Hollywood has released. I would not be surprised if the movie falls into the top 10 or 20 in the IMDb rating. It is a pity that the Mysterious Theater of Science is still not there.
