*A WARNING. ATTENTION, YOU CAN BE SPOILERS AHEAD IF YOU CARE. * <br /> <br /> Well, the basic premise of this home-grown Texas film is: "College Kids + Ghost + Evil Magic Book = Scary Thing." In practice, it takes a long time to see how long this film will last. A group of boys, along with various girlfriends and volunteers, are building a charitable haunted house. The project is headed by a completely repulsive character whose main goal is to verbally and physically attack as many actors as possible. It was hard for me to believe that someone would even try to work with this person in any capacity: he’s just rude and insulting to everyone, including his girlfriend and his boyfriend. Despite this, the children are visited by a local character and the annual Pumpkin Jack Pumpkin Champion, an elderly coot who is called "Santa Claus Halloween" and who throws a load of props for the house, including an ominous book that appeared in the prologue with an annoying flash (where a flock of cultists in robes turned into a roast). Needless to say, some damn fool begins to mess around with a book, and in the end most costume monsters turn into real ones, and the remaining few normal people are forced to try to survive. In this film, there is something good, but not very good: everything is well filmed, and the effects of makeup are decent. On the other hand, performers either distract or replay sharply; most of the plot does not make much sense outside the series “it happens that it can happen”; one can hardly speak of any musical score, only scraps of songs throughout the film; and the film takes an hour to really get anywhere. The last problem is the most revealing: two-thirds of the 90-minute work time is used for multiple customization of characters. Tom is a good guy who meets Heidi, a control fan, but he met Jill, who now meets Dan, the jerk, but she started a relationship with Kira, a girl who wears too many headscarves / capes. Dan is really a big jerk, Gary loves to play jokes, and Steve and Lily love a lot of sex. Material that could be handled easily for 20 minutes or so stretches over and over again, to such an extent that the lesbian “sexy” scene (calm down, it's pretty tame) makes me look for the fast-forward button. This leaves us half an hour of scary calories, a rough ending and a deep dislike for the old Pumpkin Jack, whom I blame for all this mess. If you can't get it in the form of rental with big discounts (and really saw everything else in the store), put it back on the shelf and keep looking.
