In this sequel, Bruce is still called Billy Lo (See? Bruce = Billy, Lo = Lee. No?) But other than that, that's all that has to do with another movie. Billy seems no longer an actor. He seems to be in another country. He looks more like a spy. He is the only actor who has returned, and unfortunately they are killing him to make room for a new character, his brother Bobby. Unfortunately, when Bruce dies, the film dies with him. It was very poorly done. It seemed that they wrote the script during the filming. The footage works for some time (at first it’s not so obvious), but soon Bruce is shown all the time in the dark (he knocks out the light on one stage, having no other obvious reason to hide the fact that it’s not Bruce playing the part). Unfortunately, when he dies, the film changes. I can't help but wonder if they shot as they wrote, and maybe they planned to keep Bruce alive, but later decided to kill him, because it would not be plausible, because Bobby does not appear until Billy dies . It's hard to change the main character halfway through the movie, and Bruce is hard to follow, so it's hard to accept Bobby as a star now. Bruce has never been seen in this film. I think they should have done this sequel without Bruce, who has a lame role in this film. People hoping to see the Bruce Lee movie will be disappointed to see that, although he got the highest score, he only has a starring role. Even in the worst films there is at least one memorable bit. If people tell about this film, then about the scene where Billy fights in the plant nursery. Ironically, he doesn't even use the footage of Bruce Lee. Keep in mind, they made it more convincingly in “Without retreat, without surrender.” None of the other actors here have ever done anything memorable. Bruce's girlfriend (Colleen Camp) is never mentioned. My advice is to turn it off as soon as Bruce finishes writing his letter to his brother. Nothing else in the film is worth watching. I was very sad to see Bruce die. I do not understand how such a small budget film could get enough money to use the footage from the movie "War with the Dragon." It was a cheap way to earn on the name of Bruce. Oddly enough, this and the original are credited to the Bruce filmography. Fortunately, so far nobody has tried anything like it again. 1981 was the year the last Bruce film appeared. It was a sad way to end this, but, fortunately, this is proof that Bruce’s career in the movie should be left alone.
