Is it possible to give the movie NO STARS? I suppose not. No matter how many stars IMDb shows, just think that it is zero and you will get my drift. The director and photographer Timothy Hines did not have a significant budget compared to Spielberg's Herculean efforts with the same material (according to rumors, this is the most expensive film ever made), but this should not be an insurmountable obstacle. I have seen a remarkable job done on a comparatively small chain (“Soldier and Saints” is a recent example). Thanks to hard work, honesty and, above all, talent, it is certainly possible to implement the faithful execution of Wells's short story — and to the extent that Dreamworks was spent on her War of the Worlds. Unfortunately, Hines failed in all these departments. Even if he had Spielberg’s budget, and Tom Cruise had signed a leadership contract, his film would have been as stinky as hell was the cattle animal that had been imposed on him. <br /> <br /> First of all, Heins does not seem to be able to tell a story. Thanks to digital video technology, he can record images and sound, but he shows a slight tendency to create narrative with what he records. The guy walks a lot on a country road. He speaks bad English. Got English with another guy. Then he goes in the same lane, only this time he shot from behind to show that he is returning - smart, eh? Walk and talk, almost an hour, that's all that happens. Well, I will provide that one extended excursion from the main character’s house to the site of impact on Horsell Common, to show that this considerable distance from one place to another can be useful (a first-year student can frame a more economical and more aesthetic sequence of setting, than this, by the way), but half a dozen times? Back and forth, back and forth, and so on, and so on, with some yakkits-yaks in between. Remarkable. The only explanation for this excess of redundancy, other than complete artistic ineptitude, is the desire to set aside thirty minutes of squalid amateur CG work in what could be offered in the form of a full-length film. Finally, the Martian war machines appear, and the walking and the speakers turn into running, talking or screaming. Later we start to be dazed and sob about the dessert. <br /> <br /> Fortunately, most of the dialogue is taken directly from the text of H.G. Wells; otherwise we would not know what was going on. But isn't that the meaning of cinema - to highlight the text, to realize that only words can not convey? If the film relies on dialogue or monologue to tell us what we see or how to feel, why bother? Why not play the radio? Orson Welles made himself a surname by doing just that. However, Haynes thinks he is a director, so he is content to say the words and swallow the meaning. <br /> <br /> Secondly, Hynes was able to buy some kind of CG effects for his film, but he has no idea how to use them. I, for example, do not have an insatiable sweet tooth for eye candies. I believe that a good sci-fi movie does not need great technical effects. Some really powerful Sci-Fi flourished on almost none. But “War of the Worlds” as a film requires certain basic efforts. Wells tells a story that depends on what you can see, hear, and even smell. The effects do not have to be complex; they can even be rude (for example, fighting vehicles on wires that slide along miniature streets, as seen from the George Pal / Byron Haskins version of 1953), but they should be treated well. Unfortunately, the effects of Hines and rough and incompetent ?? tripod fighting vehicles above the cathedral spire stomping around, making a noise like a pogo stick bouncing on linoleum ?? Martian squid, although they are oppressed by four times the gravity of their homeworld, scurrying around and roaming without tangible effort ?? are skeletons completely devoid of flesh and muscle writhing and screaming — the same damned horse and the glitchy green screens make their way through the foreground a dozen times (sometimes they turn left to right in the hope that we may not notice) ?? and nausea. Rough machinery is forgivable. So, do you have a CG fire effect that is less than convincing? Well, we can get around this. Just do not use it too often and only shows glimpses of it. Is this trampled female sequence more like crushed plum? Throw it away. It's not obligatory. Are you saying that your Martian flyer looks like a toy on a string? If you need to use it, continue, but please do not show it twice! But no, Heins will not listen. We use the worst things again and again. Gotta get these 180 minutes some time, boy. <br /> <br /> Next we play, more precisely, we play too much. Whether it’s a performance or just a payoff for death in a line, everyone in this movie plays their little heart. Obviously, Hines thinks he is making a deal - they run more in terror! You, trembling behind this tree, let's really adjust this double. Do you call it writhing in agony? Nonsense, my grandmother knows how to squirm better - nevertheless, the cast as a whole and individually stinks. They are not even good lovers. But this should not be fatal. A lot of good movie was made with rancid acting skills. For this and need a director. And the editors. What brings up another question? Who the hell allowed Tim Hines to edit this cheese factory? If American butchers were as skilled in cutting meat as Hines was in cutting movies, your next hamburger would be fingerless and beef-free. Despite the nearly three-hour work time, this film lacks many things - not episodes, but individual shots, which creates a jerky jerk effect, which is sickening to watch. Perhaps, Heins intended to simulate the effect of a manual camera from the 1890s. If he was, I can say that he does not know how to do it.
