I would like to start by saying that I am NOT an anime fan (with a few notable exceptions), and I usually have a low opinion of the so-called otaku, because they love their particular brand of cartoons so much that they tag every movie in which main characters with spiky hair, like heroes, like a work of art, without even taking into account other more important factors, such as plot. And no anime film better reflects this division between otakus and people with real taste than this elegant piece of trash, Fatal Fury: The Motion Picture. <br /> <br /> As you can see through the glassy, ​​untalented eyes of otaku, there is a little in Fatal Fury to find fault with something - it has a lot of strange Japanese humor, one-on-one fights, some “dramatic” moments, and everything is beautifully traced. But all the rest will be turned off by a predictable plot with clichés and predictable symbols, the culmination of which will be a predictable ending. Love scenes are ridiculously exaggerated - the scene in which Zulia "heals" Terry is obviously intended to be a tender moment, but it is almost impossible not to be thrown into a spiral of dizzying laughter with its sheer absurdity. And, of course, Fatal Fury has not been without mandatory animation T & A - this is provided free of charge by the huge chest of Mai Shiranui. And since Fatal Fury IS is based on the video game series of the same name (oh my god), we are considered to be numerous meaningless episodic episodes involving popular characters that have little to do with the plot (they face all the difficulties of introducing Kim early, only for him to completely disappear from the movie after this moment). This mess of the film reaches its climax with an unintentionally farcical final battle in which all the main characters fight the all-powerful main villain in a one-on-one battle in turn. This is what always amuses me ... even when battles in anime do NOT occur in a tournament, they always happen as if they were, no matter that it makes no sense! <br /> <br /> Otaku is thrilled with how anime films should be viewed as MOVIES, not just cartoons, but the disturbing part of the same people loves Fatal rage. So would Fatal Fury be good if not for the anime? The answer is a decisive "no" - all the charm of this film, that which is small, is in real drawings. If Fatal Fury were not anime, it would be worthy of an episode of Mystery Science Theater 3000, if the show was still on the air. This key is nothing more than a ridiculous bad B-movie in the image of an anime epic. If you're a fan of movies that are so bad that they are really interesting, consider renting a Fatal Fury (or catch it on Sci-Fi), as this is definitely one of them. If you are an otaku, please wake up and understand that 90% of what you are watching is rubbish. Like everyone else, buy the Dreamcast and Fatal Fury: Mark of the Wolves, but don't even consider this movie.
