Sometimes laughter in the middle of a horror movie is a signal of its greatness. I remember a nervous laugh from the audience in the re-release of The Excorcist ?? really nervous laugh This emphasized how much we were excited watching the voice of Satan coming from a 12-year-old girl. However, in the case of the 2006 remake of the cult classic “Wicker Man” of 1972, I thought that this new Vickerman is as scary as the character of South Park, Skozlebut, a friendly forest monster with the TV Patrick Duffy on his leg and stalk of celery by the hand, a favorite hobby - weaving wicker baskets. <br /> <br /> A friend in Hollywood 3 years ago told me that he heard that Nicolas Cage was going to do a remake of the film. I started laughing, and my friend (Keith) got angry because I advertised Nicholas Cage as a great actor. I just did not think that he would cope, and, unfortunately, for film fans, I was right. Reality, outstanding original music, originality, eeriness and surprisingly powerful dialogue are gone. Instead, we have a cliché of horror films, affected actions and changes in the storyline that destroy any credibility. Like many of the countless Hollywood remakes we've been in recently, it seems that we are watching 4 classes on the playing field, “playing Wickerman.” <br /> <br /> The original film takes place on a remote Scottish island, where a Scottish There Policeman is lured to find a missing young girl named Rowan Morrison. In the new film, his ex-girlfriend lures a Californian policeman (Cage) on an island off the coast of Washington to find her missing daughter. She sends a photo, and the missing daughter looks just like a young girl he recently tried to save in a fire disaster. The accident still haunts him partially, because the girl’s body was never found. However, even after he receives a letter with her photograph, this relationship is completely discarded when he heads north, alone, to help his ex-girlfriend find her daughter. He arrives to find an island full of actors pretending to be descendants of the Wiccans, many of whom seem to have received no recall of the role in the Village. And, as in “The Village”, you soon realize that there is nothing to be afraid of. Even blind sisters with cloudy eyes who speak in unison. <br /> <br /> I think that the opportunity to earn large sums of money on film in Hollywood often costs artistry. I think that someone like Nicholas Cage, who is currently starring in many films, is losing touch with the magic that a film can be when it comes to the fact that he has a personal chef on the set preparing his own snacks. . We needed to remake Vickermann, as if we needed another movie “9-11”. I begin to wonder if Nicholas changed his surname with Coppola because he wanted it or because he was begged to do so.
