All the others who spoke negatively about this film made an excellent analysis of why this film is so terrible. I was not going to comment, but the film just worries me a lot, and especially the writer and director. Therefore, I must drop my hat to join the skeptics. <br /> <br /> I saw the original “Wicker Man” and really loved the abundance of music, sensuality, paganism in the modern world and the clash of theological convictions. However, I am not part of a crowd that thinks that remakes of great films should not be made. For example, I liked the original 1950s Body Thief Invasion, but I also liked the 1978 remake. Both films can stand on their own. Another example is the “Thing”. The original, no matter how it seems compared to today's standards, has something to be proud of in the 1982 remake with Kurt Russell (my favorite horror movie of all time). So a small minority of people who like reworking the “Wicker Man” cannot blame me for neglecting this crap just because it is reworking. <br /> <br /> This film reinforced Neil Labuta’s sexism and misogynist tendencies for me. It also made me think about how leaders, wanting to create a serious thriller, can catch on a product that has nothing to do with women. There are too many scenes where Cage beats up women just because he is disappointed that they interfere with his investigation into the missing girl. would he react like that from the island in other cases when there were no suspects? The original created a society in which men and women are equal participants in a religion based on a goddess. The threat to the main character came from everyone, men and women. There was no sexual hierarchy. <br /> <br /> Metaphor of bees, drones, etc. It was a bit heavy and comfortable (“The drone must die!”), especially when the Cage character is allergic to bees. I kept wondering why the men on the island did not resist and used simple physical strength to stop these women from treating them like grunts. These were not women with special supernatural abilities, and half of them seemed to be pregnant, the other half were fat, and the rest were girls and skinny blondes, so if men really wanted to run away, they could do what most men do. when they hate women. Physically dominate them. It seems there were no weapons or weapons other than cutting tools to hold them if they were unhappy. But if they were pleased that they are drones, why can't they talk? They can be used as a threat to Cage because they will protect the community. They are drones, because Neil Loubut seems to believe that a society run by women will leave men neutered. (This film has already been shot. “Stepford's Wives,” anyone?) The classic symptoms are in men who are afraid of what can happen if women get together and are truly equal citizens. <br /> <br /> The problem of women's society of men hates the fact that it makes watching films uninteresting and creates unintended humor when Cage begins to chase women. I believe that Labut should have left society equal, retaining sexuality and impartial lust and pressing the discomfort buttons for children on this island. No one likes pedophiles or sexually exploited children. So how does a policeman respond if he sees indecent acts performed by adults with children around? It would be a logical mental leap for these children to be mistreated, and therefore there was an urgent need to save the missing child and get help for all the children. LaBute said that he created a stream of stories about the bridegroom and daughter, to stimulate the search for the character Cage. I do not think you need it. Any abused child will cause an adult to respond to his salvation. The irony, of course, was that the child whom Cage "saves" ultimately brings death to him. <br /> <br /> The dialogue was far-fetched and polite. The whole third act was fun. The audience that I saw with a spellbound voice (and later booed at the end). I just thought the movie started wrong when a letter written in a bizarre hand arrived, and all the memories came to show how Cage was hurt. We do not need it. Just show him that he is arriving on the island to investigate the missing child. Most of us in America have seen “Law and Order” and other police procedures. We fall into the film, as if we are Cage's partner, solving a mystery. <br /> <br /> So much potential ... wasted. Neil Labytes, stick to pictures of talking people for people who like your brave games and similar movies. Stay with your own company of men. Leave thrillers for people who understand thrillers. Here is your honey pot. I'll watch it
