I'm sitting here right now, forcing myself to finish it. I believe that I messed up 6 pieces on a VHS, may also suffer for it. I remember how 4 or 5 years ago I searched the Internet for “War of the Worlds” because of rumors about the Spielberg film of that time, and I missed the old television series of the early 90s. The site shows that it was a budget version of a multi-million dollar version of the classic book. This will be the "perfect translation." Perfect CRAP more consistent with this film. <br /> <br /> First, the video for this movie was ripped off! It looked like I was watching Full Motion Video from an old computer game from the mid-90s or a Playstation CD-Rom. Unfortunately, the color quality was similar. Acting made Shatners' classic “dramatic pause” look damn close in quality to Shakespeare. The CG rendering of various scenes was terrible, and the green screen sequences were worse than in the old scenes of the Dukes of Hazard. <br /> <br /> Secondly, they are slow and terribly tight. I sat 45 minutes of video (without a promo at the beginning) before the cylinder really opened to show the first visitor. After that, the alien was a terribly constructed CG squid. Now I am at this hour, and most of the alien weapons I saw are a rotating silver disk (even trashy) attached to a mechanical arm. Dramatic scenes are killed with an over-done instrumental. And last, with regard to the invasion of aliens at the turn of the century 1900s. No one cares about their lives. As if they have no idea. Although the media was slow, word of mouth spread quickly and people would know. The “illusion” of day and night was, at best, trashy. Simply changing the color around people to purple, blue or green does not mean NIGHT TIME. Perhaps some lighting and actual night shots would give MUCH a better illusion. Throughout the film, there are a lot of wasted episodes in which we just watch the “hero” gallop or stupid roads. Get with the movie. I know how people get along, you don't need to be so deep. <br /> <br /> Now, finally, after an hour and 5 minutes in the film, they show alien machines. Mighty Morphin Power Rangers had the best effects. Even the skeletons of evaporated people looked like they were animated by a high school freshman. Animation does not fit the plot at all. <br /> <br /> In conclusion, if you want War of the Worlds, do one of the four. 1) Take a look at the original 1953, 2) watch the show of the early 90s, 3) wait until Spielberg’s presentation comes soon OR FILM. This is a waste of money.
