Usually, when I write a review of a movie online, this happens for one of three reasons. Either I found something exceptional in the film, which would otherwise be wonderful, I feel that the public’s perception of the film is inaccurate for a number of reasons, or I think that the purpose or idea of ​​the film needs to be clarified or explained with the help of other reviewers. Although all of these reasons may seem somewhat negative, I find that writing a review, in which there is nothing but praise and sayings such as “This is one of the best films of all time!”, Does nothing to enlighten a potential viewer. its advantages and disadvantages, and at the same time it often does not give reasoning about why the film is so good that it should be the first point of view. In view of the foregoing, the War of the Worlds is nothing but a hurried, incompetent attempt to seize money; supporting his disgusting carcass in a multimillion-dollar advertising campaign of the film of the same name by director Steven Spielberg. Many people will buy this DVD while waiting for the summer blockbuster, and even more poor souls will buy it, looking for more material on the same topic. This film is not even "so bad" that it becomes funny or cute, but rather the audience will be incredibly disappointed to reach anger. Now that most of the insults are hidden, let me give some arguments as a warning to those who are more fortunate than me. <br /> <br /> Judging by the cover and the absence of any advertising for this film (I found it to be “CAM Club” for 8 bucks), I assumed that the cast would be nameless and that special effects would not be too impressive. Check it out. For me, it doesn’t matter much, since I find a big budget and over-reliance on celebrities, and SE can reduce a decent movie. I also did not expect that a great dialogue or moving account would carry me away. Check again. What I really hoped for was a real serious attempt at a classic theme and several alien scenes / battles. <br /> <br /> Now, according to the IMDb policy, any spoilers must be announced in advance, no matter how small, therefore a fair warning. The film begins with a lot of empty talk, and then goes to the observatory to look at the red dot. Seriously, these are images of the red dot in the tube. It is very difficult to describe every little problem in detail, but by the end of the first ten minutes, the combination of shaky camera work, spliced ​​scenes and a LOT of walking begins to disappoint the viewer. However, the suit is surprisingly good, and the hope that the pods will reveal something mysterious, makes you move. The next 30 minutes basically goes like this: one of the main characters goes to one of the pods, he looks at the pods and talks to the other main character about looking at the pod, and it can be hot. They both return to the city. These walks are not two seconds or added, so the dialogue can be replaced. They are twenty seconds or more, and they simply add filler to the already-bloated three-hour film. In a particularly grueling scene, the protagonist is shown looking at a pod, then he is shown that he steps and breathes heavily, then he looks at the pod, then he walks through the field to the city one minute, then enters the building, then he there is a cup of coffee and says “Thank you, Mary” to a random maid who gives him coffee, then he puts the coffee and leaves the building, then he passes the minutes across the field and back to the pod. I apologize for the extreme offer, but this is probably the best way to summarize this entire film. The characters talk too much about worldly things, they walk a lot, they send other people to walk, the camera oscillates between high speed and low speed, but without any dramatic effect, just an operator somewhere in second year at Tech. Editing is stunningly bad. People actions make little sense. For example, when a professor goes to a farmer's house and says that he needs a farmer to take him to the city, the farmer stutters and walks around. When the professor says that there is a pod in it and that people may be trapped inside, the farmer locks it in the barn only to see how the professor grabbed the pitchfork and after a second he opened the weak barn. Nothing of any consequence, of course, comes from the whole scene, as the professor faces the main character a moment later, so that they can begin their day walk. The whole film seems that someone once had a good idea about making a film, but absolutely did not know how to set it in motion. I have seen the best high school videos. Finally, special effects are ridiculous and do nothing to advance the story. I have a feeling that the director really wanted this film to become something of a cult classic from shapeless trash. However, it is so terrible in technical aspects and in a simple common sense that it only drives people crazy. Avoid this movie at all costs.
