You do not expect much from the picture of the People's Republic of China, and with rare exceptions - mainly from Edgar Ulmer and a few from Joseph H. Lewis or Lew Landers - this is exactly what you get: not much. This "epic" about the Nazis in Africa, trying to provoke an Arab uprising against the British, is not much different. The scenario, made by long-time PRC hackers Arthur St. Clair and Sherman Low, is banal, ridiculous, full of unfunny "wise men" and cuts through holes the size of Outer Mongolia. The direction that the long-standing extra-budgetary specialist of the PRC Al Herman is, at best, semi-comatose. However, the performances - with the exception of the incredibly incompetent and annoying Hammy presenter Walter Wolfe King - are in fact not so bad. Veteran comedian Parkyakarkus is actually the best thing in the film. He plays a guy from Brooklyn, masquerading as a seller of razor blades, and significantly increases the screen brightness when he appears. He has a great time for comics, a charm that can be saved, and he seems to have a hell of a good time. Duncan Renaldo is quite persuasive as an Arab sheikh — despite his Spanish accent — and veteran bad guy George J. Lewis, like Arab rival Renaldo, does his usual work of evil, even if he sometimes goes beyond. Joanne Woodbury is pretty cute and has a nice light touch, and she has great chemistry with Renaldo, although, like the other actors, she generally has nothing to do with King. H.B. Warner, whose career goes back to the era of silence, attaches little importance to the process of low-interest production, even though he has defended his position several times, and since China is the PRC, they are not excluded. In a silent big movie, shot from a large budget with similar Arabic themes, a huge amount of video was collected, although I have no idea what kind of movie it is, and since China is the People's Republic of China, no attempt has been made to make it inconspicuous. I rarely saw video footage that was so obvious. <br /> <br /> “The Yankees in Libya” are certainly not very good - well, okay, stinks - but it would be worth looking just to see Parkyakarkus in his prime. I heard about him and knew that he was the father of actor / director Albert Brooks and Super Dave Osborne, but had never seen him in anything before. To see it in action, it was worth seeing this “extraordinary spectacle” of the PRC of the tenth level. Otherwise, forget about it.
