Did you just like to open such episodes as in "Seven Women for Satan" ?? In the entry into the forest, a naked girl runs, pursued by a hunting dog and an evil-looking man on a horse, until she falls off a cliff and does not open her head on a rock. Then the camera focuses on the guy's face, and we notice how he just sits at the table while his secretary is waiting for him to sign some papers. "Oh, sorry, was I lost in my thoughts ??" he then says! Honey, I stumbled upon another completely obsessed film. Even if you understand only the minimum of French and look at the original name, you immediately know that "Seven Women for Satan" has no relation to Satan or ritual sacrifices, but is simply a perverted and mentally unbalanced graph during revolving around bright shoots. Outdoors. Is this, in fact, another scruffy version of the classic milestones “The Most Dangerous Game” about an anxious hobby of the crazy hunting people? preferably hot naked chickens - in the woods for sports. Well, actually, this is more than just a variation of the classics of 1932, as writer / director / actor Michel Lemoine pretended to directly connect his main character with the legendary villain Leslie Banks in The Most Dangerous Game. The Earl of Zaroff is supposedly the son of the original Earl of Zaroff, but he traded his private island for the remote French countryside. He also can no longer afford to remain unemployed, so he works as an office clerk from Monday to Friday and is a manic killer at the weekend. Zaroff is a real pervert, who hallucinates about dancing with a deceased woman, but actually drives his car alive. His butler once promised not to allow the killing of zaroffov, but he clearly does a lousy job. There is no depth in the scenario, and the growth, of course, does not pay attention to the intense or ominous atmosphere. In fact, the only useful thing that can be done in this film is to count the girls who are lured into the deceptive trap of Zaroff, and hope that they will quickly reach seven. Half of the film is meaningless and tedious footage, like a long erotic dance act, in which the statue inexplicably turns into a muscular black guy (???), and the other half comes from psychedelic fraud, which over time also becomes tedious all girls look amazing. I got the impression that Michel Lemoine intended to imitate his friend Jean Rollin and create an insanely perverted sex thriller. “Seven Women for Satan” is a French production, so Jess Franco is inevitably removed in the role of the regular Howard Vernon (“Horrible Doctor Orlov”, “Lake of the Zombies”). Lemoine himself, of course, looks like a crazy killer, but does not have the ability to portray him.
