The 1930s were the golden age of Los Angeles with its film industry and the enormous potential of various opportunities to become rich, famous and happy. People came there hoping to fulfill their dreams. Expecting open embraces and welcome offers, few have managed to succeed and find their way to fame, while most are doomed to live hungry, frustrated and unwanted, seeking some respect in dirty bars and dirty hotel rooms. <br /> <br /> Young Italian-American writer Arturo Bandini arrives in Los Angeles with a similar quest - to spread his charm to find one of these beautiful rich women, and write a great novel that will put him on a career path while writing one short story published in an obscure anthology. Wanting to create a romantic masterpiece, he seems to be unable to do anything without experiencing it himself, although sometimes he sends fragments of journal stories to a local editor who helps him survive. He is proud to present himself as an Italian, but deep down he really considers his Italian origin a burden. A little money and courage to conquer the world that he once had is long gone, and, watching his dream turn into a hangover, he keeps the last nickel to spend. <br /> <br /> The coffee she brought him was cold and sour, and a curse fell on her, causing an endless relationship of insults, unspoken excuses and hidden love. Camilla, being an uneducated girl trying to obtain US citizenship through marriage, also carries a heavy cross of unpromising racial heritage. Although she is much stronger and more experienced, her position as a beautiful Mexican woman is much more difficult to cope with than Arturo can imagine. <br /> <br /> Is it clear that Arturo finally finds inspiration for working on the novel? Is it possible for their love to finally find its place in the sun? Is it possible that their romance takes a bad turn? <br /> <br /> It is very surprising to know that the chemistry between the two main characters performed by Salma Hayek and Colin Farrell does not work. There are no coarse and genuine feelings in a relationship. Hayek, although a more lively character than the forgotten Farrell, armed Camille with the passion and strength of her once-brilliant character Frida. It is also hard to believe in a character that, being clever, but uneducated and illiterate, uses a rather complex vocabulary and complex sentences. The tougher character from the Phil Marlow family will definitely suit Farrell better, although he looks amazing in a historic costume, he seems to be very confused trying to find the fragile peace of a twenty year old dreamer balancing between hidden love and the desire to be true to himself. <br /> <br /> Feeling embarrassed, watching the two on the screen, is not correct. Their relationship may have been wild, but it’s more likely that the thunder and lightning without a storm, far from real passion, the feelings just described were not felt inside. It is very sad that such a potential of an interesting scenario and good actors was wasted, turning into a gray average number of those who will soon be forgotten.
