It must have been painful to attend daily shows, as the shooting continued because of the failure of the film. Probably Cruise, Exec. Prod., Saw what was going on, and Town used much, much more naked frames in the final version than Town wanted to compensate for the disaster he saw looming. (Perhaps Cruz was even thinking about the Titanic.) A few things: Colin Farrell can't get out of the paper bag. But he is one of the tastes of the decade, dear producer, and he is forced to avoid embarrassment by watching him without attending his films. He has so many moments when he does not believe in what he is doing, and it can be seen in his eyes. I think he would be at his best as a film actor, although not as rich or as famous as he is now playing the second banana for dynamic roles that can act. A trap to spend a lot of money on sets of periods, costumes, cars, etc. And take pictures of them as if they had just come from dry cleaning or car wash / wax. It seems no one wants something to look, well, worn out. Or dirty. Is it because the manufacturer of the line was told the manufacturer not to spoil things, because then the company would have to pay for the damaged items? <br /> <br /> This was a story about depression. Thirties, not a Disney Broadway musical about this era. How about doing it in black and white or even better, considering that Caleb Deschanel as your Ph.D. asked him to discolor colors during the mix to suggest some of the actual dirt and time flaws. In the end, it would be a little bit dismal to live as desperately as these people in the Depression. More about Farrell. Has anyone believed for a moment that this guy was a writer? H.L. Menken on the wall; Did I see his eyes roll in one spot? Hayek and Farrell as a sexually dynamic duet? Sending a boy for male work? Perhaps in a book that I did not read, the story was about an elderly woman and a young man. I can't get too deep into the middle of the last parts of the film, because I was bailed out early. But the memories of the scenes that I saw made me think that someone was doing a not-too-funny parody of the film noir. Something like what Saturday Night looked like in the last decade: not funny (I was thinking about Guy Noir’s sketches, music and so on.)
