Ned Kelly (Ledger), the infamous Australian criminal and legend. Kind of like Robin Hood, with a mixture of Billy the Kid, the Australians love the legend of how he opposed the English aristocratic oppression, and combined lower classes to change Australia forever. The fact that the lower classes of that time made up about 70% of immigrant criminals seems to be casually viewed by this film. In fact, quite a lot of dubious, so-called "facts" in this film. <br /> <br /> I believe that suspicions should have arisen when it was stated in the opening credits that this film is based on the book Our Sun. If ever the romantic version of truth could be seen in the title for a book, it was so. It will not be a historical epic, but only an adaptation of one of the many questionable legends about Ned Kelly, albeit a crude and sometimes cruel version. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, Ned Kelly is nothing more than a bloated Hallmark channel `the real historical drama 'imitator! The story unfolds at an alarming rate (alarming, because the film never showed up so slowly!) The feeling of numbness after two hours of a pure fool brought back memories of the terrible Wyatte Erpe Costner all these years ago. Simply put, nothing happens in a movie, but nothing is required for that. Perhaps it would be a little more tolerable if the performances were good (because the direction, of course, damn it was not) However, if you do not want to play the game with the worst oriental accent, you will be disappointed. Meanwhile, the game “Who has the stupidest beard?”, “Find the obvious backstabber!” (Hint, for some reason they are all red), and “Nature in Australia. Including the lions, ”this is an experience like scrolling through Hallmark, the History Channel, the Discovery Channel and Neighbors during a huge hangover. Yes, nature pops up very often to fill even more time (perhaps trying to look clever), the film continues to show meaningless pictures of wildlife, and once all the local species are shown, there is a circus to allow for the camel and the lion (which is used during one fight to make us really feel sorry for the lion more than the dead people). <br /> <br /> This is a rough, unfeeling piece of historical fluff that should have jumped straight to the TV. I can not say a single good word about this movie. Even the usually fantastic Rush seems embarrassed to be here. When one of the heroes commented that only two bullets were left for him and his friend, I myself wanted me to have a gun to get the memories of this film out of my mind!
