I can not get past the message of this film. He is too clearly stated to be ignored, and this is indecent because he has lost the meaning of what is being said. I did not read the novel, but the Pollack film opens with a scene in the CIA organization in New York, which includes two professional killers led by Max von Sidow, who brutally kill half a dozen quaint staff members that we learned and understood. The staff includes an elderly female receptionist, a bustling elderly professor who has a falling wig when he is machine-gunned (is this a joke?), And finally, beautiful Tina Chan, who looks up from a copy machine, understands what she is about to be killed, and says, pitifully brave, "I will not scream." Von Sydow responds sympathetically: "I know." These killings are completely unexpected, wild, unmotivated by everything that we know, and graphic. This is a cruel scene. <br /> <br /> There is no way von Sidow and his minion could be redeemed. And yet this is exactly what Pollak is trying to do towards the end. <br /> <br /> After killing these innocent good guys, von Sydow goes to the other side (because the other side wants to pay him) and kills the evil mastermind. behind the CIA's complex intramural plot. Then the script turns him into a perfectly reasonable, sensitive person. “It is better to live in Europe. Things are not in a hurry. ” Or whatever. I swear, I'm not making this up. Pollack wants us to believe that it is better to be an honest mass murderer than a crooked bureaucrat. This is a message. You must write this in case you forget. What kind of mental disorder should you be in order to transform ordinary values, not to mention common sense, in reverse order? I understand that there are thoughtful adults who dislike the government of the United States, even hate it, and who see conspiracies almost everywhere, providing an explanation for the insignificance of inexplicable events. I know that people who think that way exist because I put some of them among my close friends. However, at some point this hostility, this hatred, if it intensifies, must go beyond the limits of politics or ethics into the sphere of psychiatry. For a moment, I do not believe that a person who kills people for money is better than an ominous government official. I don't care how courteous and cultural a killer is or whether he knows how to get to the Louvre by Metro. Anyone who delivers this message needs either medication or meditation. <br /> <br /> I would like to say that the production is as rotten as his message, but I can’t. It's pretty well done. (In a sense, it's worse because it makes the film less disgusting.) Even New York looks photogenic on screen. And I haven’t thought about New York as a photogenic for a long time. Robert Redford does a wonderful job of projecting the initial shock and confusion of his character, but then turns into a telecommunications semi-tendency. And, man, he looks just fine! His wardrobe is just right. Even his rimless glasses become. And his peacock. Not everyone can make a dark blue pea jacket charming. He seems to be very handsome too, pigs. I want to look like this. I want to wear a denim shirt and tie with such scope. Fei Dunaway is fine in her role, but it’s not a very believable role. Will anyone willingly sleep with the guy who just kidnapped her and holds her at gunpoint? Even if he looked like Redford? Will anyone be emotionally hurt if, when these ambivalent relationships are about to end, Redford asks her not to tell anyone about what happened? Cliff Robertson is surprisingly good. He does one or two very good double doubles. The postman is great. The fight between him and Redford in an overcrowded apartment is elegantly staged, and this time we really don’t know for sure how it will turn out, because Redford (after all, the reader of the book) doesn’t seem to fit the rough tricks of this employee. assassin. This is one of the last roles of John Houseman. Shame. He is a magnet on the screen. And what is the end of his life: a friend finds him lost, wandering through the streets of New York, in an area with which he was familiar with most of his life. <br /> <br /> Yes, the film is very well executed, but I cannot ignore this vicious, paranoid message. I have the same problem with the “Triumph of the Will” by Leni Riefenstahl. Or her Olympic documentary in which the announcer watches the race on his feet, in which Jesse Owens comes forward and threateningly says: "This black is dangerous."
