It is difficult for me to say this because I really liked both “Targets” and “Paper Moon”, but I thought that “The Show of the Last Picture” was a somewhat captivating, but overly indulgent film. In my opinion, his main plus is an amazing photo. But for me, this film could offer nothing but superficial beauty (and, in a sense, hidden beauty). It was very difficult to communicate with characters or take care of them. In fact, you had a very slow tempo and a naturalistic style of play, but all this was in order to maintain a very formal and predictable story full of all the attributes that can be expected from any melodrama of a small town - everything from a boy who changes with his wife his teachers are a disabled child that everyone chooses. It was like “American graffiti” without the joy of life. <br /> <br /> Some may say that this film is more realistic - nowadays many people think that realism is the only virtue the film can possess. But for me the film was simply depressing, and I want to see it again just as badly as I would like to spend a few hours in this miserable city where the characters live. <br /> <br /> Maybe this film really just belongs to its time - maybe if I saw it in 1971, I would be impressed with its novelty just by seeing something different on the screen. But this basically suggests that I have never seen anything like this, say, “lifeless” Godard. Perhaps candid references to classic films would have attracted me to the film and helped me not to notice some of the shortcomings of the film. But in the world after Tarantino, which hardly seems unique or special. <br /> <br /> I wonder how he uses the films in the film to give his film more depth. We see 3 films, as I remember, in the picture. First, we see Vincent Minnelli's “Father of the Bride” - Liz Taylor’s sophisticated looks contrast with Sonny’s girlfriend, and the high-middle class Minnelli studied contrasts in a similar way with the character’s “real life”. Later clips from the Red River by Howard Hawks emphasize the theme of a shattered friendship between a mentor and a protégé. It really just reminds me that Bogdanovich kisses his mentor's ass, just as he did, if I remember correctly, choosing the film “Hawks” as part of his own screen idea with Boris Karloff in “Goals”. I think that in 1971, this kind of thing was new, but looking at it today, it seems to just be self-indulgent, like most of this film. <br /> <br /> In the end, I would prefer to watch another film Hawks, Ford or Minnelli, rather than Bogdanovich’s film, remind us of why they were so striking in such an elusive manner. Maybe he intends to remind us of the giants whose time has passed — all he actually does is remind us how small he and most of his contemporaries are in a relationship.
