We should all congratulate Uwe Boll. He did the unthinkable. Perhaps he is the only director who has two of the top 100 films on IMDb! He's like some kind of cinematic cockroach. No matter how small his talent is, and no matter how bad these films are, he manages to shoot them. I know that he finances them through some strange German foundation, but even in this case, his ability to continue making films, despite an absolute, total failure, is one of the great mysteries of the universe. <br /> <br /> It would not be so bad, except that video game developers continue to give their best qualities to this guy. I really liked the Alone in the Dark series. Even the most recent, New Nightmare, was good for a few hours of play. From the adventures of Edward Carnby, a good film was to be made, but it is not. Now, Uwe Boll got his hands on Bloodrayne and Hunter: Payback. What's next, Silent Hill? Doom? I can only imagine a series of what this guy is going to cut through the adaptation of the game to the film, if it is not stopped. Someone should take away his credit line, or these video game publishers should come up with and understand that when they make a bad movie from a game that kills a franchise, no one else is interested in that title. <Br /> <br /> Think about it, "House of the Dead" or "Alone in the Dark" is more suitable for the game? Never. The new House of the Dead game comes out for the X-Box, and no one will worry. The name is dead, and all because of Uwe Boll. So if any of you work for the game's publisher, or know the game's publisher, or have access to the game's publisher ... please warn them. <br /> <br /> This film itself is not even worth reviewing. I can not separate what I did not like in this pile of manure from the rest. Literally everything about it sucks. Writing, acting, music, computer graphics effects, editing. I thought that if I wait until it is released on DVD and then rent it with low expectations, I will not be disappointed. Boy, I was wrong. Never underestimate Uve's ability to release a large, steaming pile of BOLL sh * t.
