I usually start by passing on the premise of the film, but before anyone makes hasty judgments about my review, let me preface it by saying that I like most movies (just watch my other reviews). Alone in the Dark is a film directed by Uwe Boll, whose film right before it was “The House of the Dead” (2003). Like Alone in the Dark, it was also a video game adaptation. Almost everyone hated it. Well, I loved it. I even gave 10 out of 10! I want to say this (which, of course, will immediately turn off some readers): even if I hate Alone in the Dark, there must be something wrong in this. <br /> <br /> Prerequisite: who am I kidding? Attempting to formulate the premise for this film is as simple as trying to balance the budget of the United States, but in any case it happens. Some archaeologists have discovered evidence of the disappearance of a tribe of American Indians. The Indian tribe apparently discovered some means of penetrating the “second world,” which was evil in nature. Bad things destroyed them, but not before they could lock the door to the world of evil and throw away the key. Later, a scientist / government researcher who experimented with paranormal phenomena, and especially with this tribe, decided to experiment with some children to try to produce some kind of hybrid with the second world. (Believe it or not, everything is up to this point, and then some tell us in the film’s prologue — it's just a white text scrolling across a black screen with a voice over, which also reads it to us). Then there was something about the children in the shelter, but the government takes them back, and then a group of people searches for archaeological relics, super people roam around, and a group of military men is called, and so on. <br /> <br /> In fact, the exposure never stops. It's like endless backstory from hell. There are enough ideas to fill at least 10 films, maybe 25. But none of them are presented in a coherent way to create one good film. In addition to the mystical lost Indian tribe and superhumans, we also get monsters that resemble a cross between an alien and a werewolf, worms that invade your body and turn into snake-like aliens, tunneling worms under the ground, zombies, star-like wars, evil wars scientists, underground lairs, gold mines, creepy warehouses, deceptions, large mostly unused museums, government plots, golden chests pulled out of the sea, nuns, explosions, complex blinders thieves in the back, a very controversial romance, car chases, home invasions, kitchen sinks. wait, I can't remember if the last one was in the film. Even more surprising (funny?) That in Fangoria # 240 producer Sean Williamson said: "We spend a lot more time on history, being very meticulous in this." Tara Reid called Alone in the Dark "smarter movie." <br /> <br /> Let me not mislead anyone. Much of the above may seem tasty to this film’s potential audience, but the problem is that nothing has anything to do with it. I usually had no idea what a settlement had to do with any other settlement, why we were there, or what someone did (at least when each scene began). It’s just an occasional tangle of settings and clichés, as if director Uwe Boll had 250 unrelated ideas in a hat, and they pulled them out like lottery numbers. Then, when he finished, he and editor Richard Schwadel decided to cut the film using the bones, and then reassembled it, leaving “I Ching”. Sometimes the film plays like an extended directorial movie (which is a combination of short, diverse, unrelated scenes that the directors distribute when trying to find a job), but perhaps this is too generous. I'm not sure that Ball would get a job if it was his coil. <br /> <br /> Like me, at least, I like most of the films, I like most of the actors and most of the performances. I very rarely say that the performance was bad. Well, Tara Reid was bad here - and I'm the one who usually loves Reid. I do not know what happened. For a large percentage of the film, they simply move it around the set as a prop. They might as well have bought an exploded doll. This would allow them to save money that they could use for some ghosts and vampires in castles and cemeteries. Maybe they decided to move her like a cute piece of snag after seeing the daily recordings of her muttering, meaningless dialogue in a monotone, usually intended for her mother-in-law's entertainment. <br /> <br /> And talking about this dialogue, a lot of Alone in the Dark plays like a Godzilla film without Godzilla. By this I mean that this is a lot of pseudoscientific stunt. At least in Godzilla’s films, this is picky, because they know how ridiculous this is, and there is a big benefit in that we see Godzilla destroying the city center and fighting a giant mosquito with radioactive rays of death shooting from his eyes or something like that. <br /> <br /> It is difficult to say what exactly Stephen Dorff and Christian Slater do here, except that they replay and file lawsuits against their agents. I can not say that I thought that someone in the film had a decent performance, although perhaps Slater at least saw a cigar. I think this is unprecedented for me. <br /> <br /> However, I didn’t give this film 1. There was some competent cinematography, even if Ball and Schwadel made mincemeat from it, and hard rock tunes up the end credits were good. Heck, even the prologue of the novels was not so bad. I really thought the film promised at that time. But it may just be the worst movie I've ever seen, with a budget of 20 million or more.
