This film simply proves that not every film made during the days of glorious Hollywood is worth seeing. The fact that you have a great ensemble does not mean that it can overcome the script that was probably written by a chimpanzee! Think about it - Richard Widmark, Lauren Bacall, Charles Boyer, Gloria Graham, Lilian Gish and Paul Stewart participated in the film, and yet it was a bad movie! The main premise of the film is not bad - a private psychiatric hospital, whose staff is screwed up more than patients! In addition, the subplot involving the overworked husband and wife (Widmark and Graham) had many promises. Nevertheless, the script was handled with all the grace and dexterity of a drunken buffalo - with belligerence and going out of the top scenes over and over in the film. In fact, it was less like a drama and more like a very bad episode "General Hospital". Thin, this movie is not !! Realistically, this movie is not !! <br /> <br /> Although for the most part this film smelled a terrible scenario, I also blame the producers for having lost sight of and incorrectly used visiting veteran actors. For example, Paul Stewart may not be a nominal name, but this actor had exceptional talent, especially when he played gangsters in the films “Film Noir.” However, here Stuart is represented as a very nondescript psychiatrist with some strange European accent - it just didn’t work, because it was far beyond his acting range, and his character was completely undeveloped and one-dimensional. In addition, Charles Boyer seemed completely hopeless and completely inappropriate. Seeing this beautiful romantic actor as a psychiatrist in the heart of America is just weird. <br /> <br /> Overall, this is a pretty awful movie. This is very watchable in a train crash, but, of course, not very beautiful. My wife and I didn’t like most of the film, but I also felt that it would be very good if the script were literate. <br /> <br /> PS - In the case of life-imitating art, Oscar Levant played one of the patients. In real life, the brilliant Levant spent most of his life in psychiatric institutions and beyond.
