First of all, I would like to point out that this film has absolutely nothing to see in the Dutch folklore story about the ghost ship, also called Flying Dutchman. In this film you will not see a single sailboat. You will not see sailors, ghosts or something distantly disturbing. This is not a story about a ghost ship, and I would like them to inform about it in the main credits, otherwise I would not have watched it, because I really thought it was a film about a legend. It seems that many people think that the film is associated with the legend of the ghost ship, since the film is listed on Wikipedia’s page for the legend “The Flying Dutchman” ... I do not understand why. Could it be based on a similar legend called “Wandering Jew”? Or maybe they just adapted the worst parts of the legend? The film begins with a sequence of fights, which will allow anyone to hope that battle scenes will appear in the film. Unfortunately, this is the only battle scene of the film. Then you see Daniel Emilforka (who was Krenk in the City of Lost Children) for about two seconds, and it would give anyone the opportunity to hope that the film would have a good acting game. Unfortunately, he is very bad in the film. The same can be said about the Italian actor Nino Manfredi, who has ever been one of the best actors in Italy, and who is doomed to incarnate a crazy bird debater with no history, whose sole purpose is to appear like a “wise person” film. And boy, this film needs wisdom! It seems that any other character in this story likes to swim in excrement, scream, torment others (in excrement), commit adultery (in excrement), or even more in excrement just for fun. It seems so fun that each character in this story gets the opportunity to throw him or her in feces at one time or another. Coming from a Dutch director, you might think that extreme dirt and shockingly real dirt are necessary elements in a historical work that contributed to the fact that the film of the Dutch director Paul Verhoeven, “Flesh + Blood”, is such a wonderful film. The thought of “Flesh + Blood” would allow anyone to hope that the film, equally dirty and visually direct, would be good. Unfortunately, unlike “Flesh + Blood”, there is no dramatic progress, fight, good game and, more simply, “Flesh and Blood”. The photo, as the opening sequence unfolds, is well done and seductive. This also stops at the very beginning of the film. The music of Nicola Piovani (known from "La vità e bella") is repeated and annoying when it doesn’t matter (sometimes it means that there is greatness in the episode, while on the screen the actors are splashing in liquid manure). Throughout the first "act" of the film, which lasts at least an hour (!), The film takes place in the same perimeter as around the farm where the main characters live. Heroes play a lot with excrement, drown in it, play in it. A long period of time passes through numerous ellipses, which allows the main character, a young boy who loves to play in the excrement, to become older and more to play in the excrement. The bird-man says a lot to say nonsense in Italian. Spanish conquistadors speak French. Nothing makes sense. Everything is confused, and it will take hours. Then there is the second act, called the “Ship,” in which we see that it may have been a ship long ago, but which now remains of the ship (covered with excrement, did I mention?). The main character, going a little further from the farm, accidentally collides with it and decides that it is really cool, so let's live in it. The hunchback, who lived in him before, tries to kill him, but he does not mind, because (I mentioned?), He is not very clever. He thinks that the ship can navigate, and hopes to sail along it until new conquistadors appear (at least they seemed to be conquistadors because of Don Quixote style hats, but, as I said, this is really confusing there is who) that the Dutchman makes the prisoners together with the backward hunchback, and they burn the ship to the ground. The last part of the film, which is really hard for the viewer to endure, because it consists of an even greater amount of excrement, with even more backward middle-aged peasants fighting in it, takes place in an insane refuge. They torment and drown each other with feces even more. Stalking even more with the director, who seems to have definitely abandoned his job or moved to the second camera assistant to do the rest of the work. In the end, there are a lot of new mentally retarded "friends" whom the Dutchman made to die. The woman with whom he had sex, from the very beginning being the wife of his brother, is trying to get him to meet her son. The Dutchman and his son are talking. The film ends after two hours of boring shots and terrible acting and technical performances. Then the credits roll, and the viewer feels completely free from having to watch horrible movies without a plot that pretends to be something exciting, like fantastic movies based on legends, while they are nothing more than a simple catalog of how full of excrement can be obtained in some films, when they do not have sufficient financial capabilities to arrange battles or even horses instead.
