That night when I watched it, I also watched "Scary Movie 4", creating one intricate dual function. Unfortunately, for these killer tomatoes, they could not resist the riot of laughter, which is the Scary Movie franchise. While I was struggling with boredom, watching silly and stupid jokes, brutally outdated and brutally bad, a recent parody made me laugh out loud. How could I wish for more than that. Director John De Bello uses the basic premise that some kind of growth hormone went wrong, and turned tomatoes into killers. But his main goal here is to beat the genre of the disaster film, which was so great in those times. The script smells of humor, and maybe if you take illegal substances during your movie nights, it could be your cup of tea. I, sober, stuck, watching as an adult man hiding a tomato. And this is the only joke that is never funny, where there is also a discrepancy between the Japanese actor and voice overs. Some may giggle, but I may not. They even had Hitler's joke, which was not funny, and I thought that all Hitler's jokes were funny. <br /> <br /> The narration of this film is so fragmented (without a good reason) that it is almost impossible to explain it, Tomatoes kill people, the government tries to stop it, they say bad jokes. Their goal may have been correct, as their goals include the media, consumerism, and paranoia (three things that still control our lives today). Oddly enough, the main advantage of this film, these hell, tomatoes, in fact, not so much. And when they do, get it, they are played by real tomatoes. This washed-out trick did nothing for me, as I watch very little as a pack of tomatoes devour the body thanks to the magic of camera tricks. There is also a fear of being out of work, which prevents this film from being really funny. The joke that someone can fall asleep in almost every scene may please some viewers, but most likely this will be perceived as an invitation to join in the fun. <br /> <br /> I can also add that it does seem to be old-fashioned human egoism at work here. A person eats a tomato, and this is dinner, a tomato eats a person, and this is a global catastrophe. But this is how the world works. In the film, the product becomes evil due to genetic modification, but in the real world, our products (see: Taco Bell) become evil due to neglect. And, like those evil green onions, this movie expired a long time ago. There are some good chuckles you need to have. The last shot was really great, but it was not enough to save this bomb with a moderate smell. I’m pretty sure that a good movie is deeply hidden in this concept, but the script had to go through a dozen rewrites to get there. And by "there," I mean the level of "Scary Movie 4." ** 1/4
