In case you are a recognized connoisseur of cult film and / or bad film production, is a certain moment in life ?? preferably sooner than later ?? that you should watch "Attack of killer tomatoes". This is an inevitable certainty, as it is one of the most notorious cult films in history. One small but important detail, however, is that the "attack of killer tomatoes" is intentionally terrible. Already from the introductory report, mocking Alfred Hitchcock's Birds, this is clearly conceived as a budget-zero parody, and I cannot escape the impression that screenwriter / director John De Bello never expected his film to become such a hit, the film replaces contemporary The popular trend of the so-called “eco-horror” films (plants, animals, and nature as a whole revolt against humanity) and represents the least threatening kind of vegetables that can be imagined as invincible killing machines. A secret government agricultural project to produce larger, more tasty tomatoes is going terribly wrong, and soon there are reports that attacks are being carried out from all over the country. The president is assembling a spetsnaz team to combat the lush enemy, which includes secret agents with very specific knowledge and scientists with horribly dubbed voices. The first half hour of the "Attack of the killer tomatoes" is very interesting. No matter how silly it is, the kind of normal-shaped vegetables jumping out of the sink and attacking hysterical housewives is quite original and funny. The first half-hour also contains many memorable moments, such as a memorable thematic song, a tribute to "Jaws" and the notorious unforeseen plane crash (see details in the "Trivia" section), which reached the final version. However, after this, everything turns into a tedious, unstructured and unbearably amateurish mess. The quality level of jokes goes from fresh and inventive to embarrassing and not at all ridiculous, and there are too many characters and plots in them. Personally, I prefer the sequels of the late 80s and early 90s (which I had seen before viewing the original), because they benefit from a slightly higher production value, incredible extraordinary tomato special effects and the presence of veteran actor John Astin (Addams). Family ”), like a mad scientist Dr. Gangrin. But, as mentioned earlier, the original inexplicably remains a mandatory viewing of the material at some point in your life.
