*** Warning - this review contains “plot spoilers”, although nothing can “spoil” this film more than it already is. This is really so bad. *** <br /> <br /> Before I begin, I would like everyone to know that this is one of those films that are so terribly bad that you fall from laughter. If you have a carefree mood and you need a very emotional laugh, this film is for you. Now, without further ado, my review: <br /> <br /> This movie was found in the trash bin at Wal-Mart. This should be the first key to understanding how good the film is. Secondly, the star of the lame action movie Dolph Lundgren. This should be the second key to understanding how good the film is. I am still shocked that he was even recorded on a DVD (who would have spent his money on such a thing?), Although, as you can imagine, there are no additional materials or additional materials on the DVD. In fact, there is not even a menu; the film is just beginning. <br /> <br /> First, the author of this film deserves torture and murder. It has one of the worst scripts ever written and is replete with horrible one-liners; surprisingly incredible, fake dialogue; and inappropriate comments (for example, Lee’s comment on Landgren’s masculinity, which I’ll mention later). There is not a single sincere sound throughout the film. Dialogue and plot go hand in hand, as the script and plot evolve completely meaningless. Initially, the two policemen hate each other for no apparent reason, and then for no reason, Lee's character stops on the sidelines, runs to the other side of the car and says: “I'm not going to let you go alone because, despite myself, I like you! And I do not want to be killed! or something like that, anyway. There are hideous one-liners, mostly told by Lee. For example, when he meets a bad guy, Lee says: “You have the right to remain silent. You have the right to be dead! Finally, I will mention the completely inappropriate and meaningless comment that Lee makes about the lower regions of Lundgren. When the bad guys start attacking after a seemingly random love scene between Lundgren and Carrera, and Lundgren decides to fight them in his underwear, Lee tells him: “If we die, I just wanted to say that you have the biggest member I've ever seen on a guy. Yes, he does say that. It does not make sense, and even impossible (Lee actually never sees Lundgren naked, as he finds out?), But the writer still threw it into the script. The whole movie is like an action, and Lee even admits it. After Lee and Lundgren, who won only in their underwear, defeated all these bad guys, Lee makes a remark, which is also very beautiful: “Wow, this is like a video game; We just beat the first wave! <br /> <br /> Secondly, the plot of this film is sneaky. He suffers, in my opinion, mainly due to the fact that he simply does not exist. The trailer for this film, which, by the way, IMDb has to watch, sounds like a film about two policemen trying to prevent the Japanese yakuza from seizing Lost Angeles. However, this is extremely misleading, since the film has practically nothing to do with it. They make very brief, vague references to the Yakuza trying to start selling methamphetamine with local drug dealers, but the whole film actually revolves around Kenner's poorly-written attempt (Lundgren's character) to avenge the death of his parents, whom the Yakuza Leader (named Yoshida) died when he was only 9 years old. In general, the whole plot can be summarized as follows: Yoshida wants Kenner to die, Kenner wants Yoshida to die, and two try to kill each other. And, of course, all the time while Kenner's sarcastic sidekick (named Johnny and Brandon Lee plays) behaves like an ignorant idiot, and Tia Carrere gets naked. twice. <br /> <br /> The acting game is one of the worst parts of the whole movie. The dialogue is so unrealistic, and its completely insincere image emphasizes this even more. In any case, you expect bad games from action stars, but this film highlights some of the most incredibly bad actions ever recorded in history. <br /> <br /> Finally, we got to the essence of the filthiness of the film: blatantly bad action. There are so many strikingly bad, unrealistic action films in this film, but it’s just impressive that they managed to fit them all. Although Lee also has his share of bad scenes, most of the really terrible acts are related to Lundgren. For example, Lundgren blithely takes four or five bad kung-fu guys with one hand without spilling his tea. Then, surprised by the approaching high-speed car, Lundgren accidentally jumps over it. Or how about when he reaches THROUGH a closed door, grabs the villain on the other side, pulls him back through the door and beats him? Or when he picks up Tia Carrere, carefully walks (does not run) back through the glass door that breaks around him, and jumps down one-story height with Tia in his hand, only to lift the whole car without the slightest effort and use it as a barricade to protect their bullets? All shameless gunfights are also terrible: Lundgren and Lee instantly kill every bad guy, while the rain from the bullets of their fifty attackers never seems to hit any of them. That is, of course, before the final battle scene of the film. Lundgren shot at close range in a bare chest in an area where, even if he still didn’t have enough of his heart, he would immediately start filling his lungs with blood and kill him within a few seconds. Despite this, Lundgren remains in first-class condition and he manages to provoke him in the middle of the parade with Yoshida, the evil supervillain. And, of course, people in samurai costumes passing in a parade carry REAL, completely pointed katanas, which both use for sword fighting. Now, in addition to a bullet wound, Lundgren gets several deep cuts on his chest and arms. Does it stop him? No, of course not! In fact, a few seconds after he easily killed the evil Yoshid (who is pressed to the wheel that looks like a dartboard and then lights up for no reason), Lundgren accidentally leaves with Tiya and Lee, as if he was not injured at all. God, it's terrible. <br /> <br /> All these factors are then mixed with a completely unnecessary, useless nude scene every five minutes, including topless at a party, decapitation of topless, women in a strip club, nude women in a Japanese spa, meaningless jacuzzi and love scene with tia. Not to mention the trip to the quaint sushi bar, in which rich Japanese men eat sushi from naked women. Which, by the way, encourages Lee to say with great false enthusiasm that after defeating the bad guys, he and Lundgren “will go to eat fish from these naked chickens!” Which, of course, is followed by the alarming five. And we cannot forget horrendous editing, as, for example, when villains crush a person trapped in a car at a dump, and the editors leave in a really obvious glimpse of a dummy mannequin. The authors also list a huge list of stunts, which implies that most of the action probably was not done by movie stars. <br /> <br /> In the end, this film constantly surpasses it in itself is a brazen evil. It is illogical and impossible, and, as a result, surprisingly interesting. If you're looking for some thoughtful movie theater, this movie will make you want to die. If you are looking for a good laugh and have a good time making fun of a bad movie, this movie will delight you. Like a real movie, I deserved this movie 0.5 out of 10. As an interesting way to spend an hour and eighteen minutes, this beauty, however, will not survive.
