The funny sound you can hear when you look at this amazing version of Jules Verne’s classic Journey to the Center of the Earth is the rotation of Verne in his grave. The only thing in this 80-minute opus has anything to do with “Journey to the Center of the Earth” is the name. Otherwise, everything else in this careless production is new and not worth watching. In fact, the director wrote here on IMDb.COM that he shot just eight minutes of Journey to the Center of the Earth, and the studio set out to continue the sequel to Albert Pyun's Puppet Man on his Alien from LA. with katie ireland. Obviously, the producers ran out of money, and in order to fulfill their contractual obligations abroad, they instilled a sequel to the Pune movie for the film directed by Rusty Lemorand. Please do not rent or buy this pathetic piece of trash. <br /> <br /> Unlike the historical film directed by Henry Levin “Journey to the Center of the Earth” (1959) with James Mason and Pat Boone, “The Journey of Lemorandum” to the Center of the Earth "takes place in our time in Hawaii. Two guys , a British nanny and a dog are brought together for an adventure of a lifetime solely by coincidence. Richard (Paul Carafots from Goodbye with a Stranger) and his obsessed comic brother Brian (Ilan Mitchell-Smith from Strange Science) set off to explore the cave. Heroine Christina (Nicola Cooper from the Underworld ) works for a home service called “Nanny Us.” Being a nanny was Christina's dream for life, but she did less than all five of her works as a nanny. However, her sympathetic leader, Miss Ferry (Linda Marshall from Africa Express) , sends her to Hawaii. Christine's new client, rock star Billy Fall (Jeremy Crutch of Doomsday), who plans the last concert to revive his famous career, has a dog named Bernard. Foul wants Christina to take Bernard to the dog spa. Christina is waiting for her taxi to arrive when the unwary attendant at the motel accidentally puts a basket hiding Bernard in a Richard jeep. You see, Foul hid his dog in a basket, because the management of the motel strictly prohibits pets in their premises. Foul disguised the dog as a human baby. In any case, Christina catches a taxi and tells the driver to follow Richard. <br /> <br /> After she catches up with them to pick up her dog, the taxi driver leaves and leaves her. Christine demands that Richard take her to the city, but he has other plans. Unfortunately, Christina joins the guys, and they get lost, and then find themselves in the lost city of Atlantis, the police state ruled by the dictator, in the center of the Earth. The rulers of Atlantis repeatedly notify their citizens that life on the surface does not exist. Our heroes and heroine stumble upon Atlantis by accident. Atlantis resembles a disco, and everyone looks as if they are straight from a punk-rock opera. The ruler of Atlantis, General Rykov (Janet Du Plessis from “Operation Hit squad”), organizes a raid on the surface with the clones of the first man, Wanda Sacnussemm (Katie Ireland from “Necessary Rudeness”) to visit Atlantis. As was to be expected, the manipulations of General Rykov on the management of Atlantis and the overthrow of the Earth do not work out, and our heroes and heroines are saving the day. <br /> <br /> “Journey to the Center of the Earth” is an abomination. The film seems to be a comedy, despite its superficial satire about dictatorship. Albert Pyun is one of my favorite low-budget directors, but he ruined everything in this easy routine of a fantastic saga.
