Traveling to the center of the Earth is the story of some tourists in Hawaii, three of whom are brothers and sisters, and one of them is a young British nanny who cares for a dog. When the brothers and sisters accidentally ride in their jeep with a basket of dog biscuits, the nanny follows them (perhaps it would be safer to buy more) until the cave, which the brothers and sisters were going to explore (I guess). For some reason, they really go into the cave, and then when the place starts to fall, they try to get out to no avail, with the exception of the six-year-old sister, whom they say to get help. Meanwhile, the more they move in the cave, the more they continue to fall further and further in the direction of the cavernous core of the Earth. And so, it is here that they find the City of Atlantis and its strange aliens, who live under the cruel rule of an alien who does not want them to ask many questions about worlds external to their own. <br /> <br /> I see that Rusty Lemorande, named after the film, provided comments on this film, in which he explains that part of the second half of this film is in fact a continuation of the film “Alien in Los Angeles”. Whatever it was, it was an amazingly cheap film, which I would rate only slightly higher than City Borders (a science fiction film from 1988, also made on a non-existent budget), because at least the end of this horrible piece, mostly rambling filmmaking, which cuts corners, where he can strive for humor and fun in the last 20 minutes, when we finally see what life is like in an alien world in the center of the Earth. I also give him a rating of two stars, not just one, because it was from time to time funny, if only in its intricacies. For example, foreigners ask a British girl if she is a foreigner, and she explains that the ministry should send her work visa soon. Or when an alien girl finds Brian and explains that he is in the city of Altantis, and he takes it for Atlantic City, New Jersey. Such little things make the idiocy of the first hour or so tolerable. Imagine how gorgeous a film could be if they had 1) really the intention to make it and 2) actually had the money to make it. <br /> <br /> I like how in the end no one wonders what happened to the little sister, who was first sent for help. Keep in mind that she will just wander through the Hawaiian caves and not too far from the erupting volcano.
