Lame movie. Totally uninteresting. No chemistry between Indiana Jones and the guy from Black Hawk Down. The car chase scene just goes on and on and on forever. They manage to change the car several times, but they always find themselves right on the tail of the villains. The scene when Hartnett grabs the car of a family with children crying in the back was as stupid as possible. He tells them about Eastern philosophy and how to die, which I think the writers found ridiculous or even witty. It just sounded like an idiot, absolutely incredible and even cruel. <br /> <br /> Some subjects were not even investigated, they were simply used as a filler. Why does Hartnett fall ill when he sees dead bodies, but he continues to order hamburgers at crime scenes? Why and on what grounds is the bad guy from the IA suddenly suddenly arrested by the chef? Why can an AI pick up police buddies, and then just let them answer their phones or pretend to be Indian mystics, and then just let them waltz from there without a special blow to the wrist? For some reason, despite the fact that Ford is revealed as a deceiver and a crook, acting as a realtor (he sets prices when he tries to sell the manufacturer’s house to increase his commission), they continue to return to him nonetheless! They knew that he lied to both of them! And yet they came to an agreement, which both said they would never do. Stupid, just stupid. It is also one of those police films where they just shoot recklessly on public streets without caring for innocent bystanders in the world. There they simply stood on the sidewalk and exploded while people were hiding behind shelters. Surprisingly, they didn’t hit a single person after shooting 60 rounds each .... <br /> <br /> The script was terrible, the action sequences were boring, the plot was only a minor story for a very pitiful attempt to we rooted for Ford and Hartnett. It fails with a bang. And the Ford phone! Turn off the damn thing! How many times could he ring in a two-hour movie? 50? 60? It was a terrible exacerbation in the middle of the movie! Every 30 seconds this silly melody sounds! And if it wasn't a Ford, then Hartnett called! It was incredibly annoying! <br /> <br /> A complete waste of time, Ford’s worst movie since 6 Days 7 Nights, which was without a doubt the lowest point of his outstanding career.
