Well, this movie really made me feel so strong that I signed up for an IMDb account just to warn people. This is clearly awful! ANYTHING makes no sense in this film. There are too many sub-stories to begin with. Josh Hartnett’s character is an aspiring actor and yoga instructor, as well as a policeman who seems to be living beyond his means and teaches yoga only to hot girls (some of whom are waiting naked in the jacuzzi when he returns from work). Add to this the fact that his dad was killed by a dishonest policeman who, as it turned out, was aware of the current crime being investigated by the unfortunate duet. The Harrison Ford character tries to sell the property on the side and sleeps with the former wife of the interior investigator, who, as it turned out, runs a psychic radio show that Ford’s character occasionally calls. NONSENSE !! <br /> <br /> I can't remember the names of the characters (that's how easy it is to forget), so I will call them Ford and Hartnett. <br /> <br /> Then there is a dialogue that is cruel. I mean something causing a syringe. Add each cliché to the book (in the snacks, have a drink, where the bartender knows his name; the duet is investigated by internal affairs (why ??); Hartnett confronts his father's killer) and you have one hellish mess. <br /> <br /> As I mentioned, the plot is ridiculous, but there is no continuity: 1) When the Ford car was withdrawn, how the hell did the guys from the repo know where it will be parked? Did they follow him ?? 2) When Hartnett goes to the morgue, and it just so happens that the only clue from the crime scene (earring) is copied on the burned bodies (it was successful!) 3) When they are arrested and taken for the Survey - Ford continues to answer its phone, and Hartnett "centered" with a yoga pose on the table. Instead of taking the phone from Ford, the guy from IA waits until he rings each time and then tries to grab him off the table before Ford does. Meanwhile, a female IA officer with Hartnett was rubbing against him. Then, for inexplicable reasons, both of them are released without answering any questions. 4) During the car chase, Hartnett's car crashes and smashes against Hollywood, but then the car again becomes perfect. Do not scratch! 5) When Ford drives the bad guy into the building and gets into the elevator, how the hell does he know on what floor the bad guy broke on ?? 6) When they chase the bad guy in Hartnett's car, Ford is trying to make a real estate deal. Come on! 7) A bad guy is the most unconvincing performer in history. His motivation to kill a budding rappers group on his label? They can leave his label, and this is a warning so that his other groups are loyal. But wait, how is he going to sign someone new with this business plan? 8) Why is the guy from the IA, who is investigating the Ford case, eventually arrested? There is no explication! 9) And Hartnett eventually uses his “game” to catch the bad guy. <br /> <br /> I could go on, I really could. Anyone who looks deeper into this film than just a comedy action movie should check their head, because that's all there is. There is nothing else! It should not be satirical or ironic. This is just crap.
