Three giant saber-toothed tigers (... created in the laboratory from mitochondrial DNA, a "genetic breakthrough" derived from fossil material) on a frenzy randomly released as a result of a series of events (such as a computer geek virus to unlock security) closed during construction and a security guard, leaving the gate open in search of the missing porn page of Meg, who flew in the wind) that threaten people's lives, he comes in contact with. Tigers are always hungry, but not able to digest what they eat. So pretty much the tigers just rip their prey to shreds. The victims include a group of children from college (stereotypes include a gothic girl, a joker and a technical nerd), security personnel and those several developed rich scoundrels whom we can easily despise and wish for a horrible death. <br /> <br /> Ending a series of bad science fiction channels, The Sabretooth Attack contains some of the most miserable computer simulators I've ever seen. And the final sequence of death is presented so disgusting that in the deepest corners of your soul you will need time spent on this truly terrible canon exercise about the creature. There is some good dark humor, stemming from the fact that heads are detached from their necks, but even here prosthetics are unconvincing. Prosthetic parts of the body and an abundance of blood, like victims, pounce on them, calling for help and not receiving it. I start to sound like a broken recording, repeated in each user comment I write for these clicks of the science fiction channel. I think maybe it's time to switch to other types of movies. Robert Carradine plays the role of a ruthless businessman who his repulsive former brother-in-law, Nicholas Bell, one of the opening of Primal Park, a resort / zoo, where genetically engineered saber-toothed tigers are its main attraction, is seeking it. Stacy Hajduk, still quite appetizing, is a security officer who is trying to convince Bell to attract investors, which he hopes will make him invest in his multimillion-dollar project to leave the island. Brian Wimmer is Hajduk's lover, and his role is a mechanic who provides uninterrupted work. <br /> <br /> In the end, the fate of Bell, caused by a broken tooth in a saber-toothed tiger statue, is pits. Carradine spends most of the film teasing Bell, his archenemy. The tiger's point of view shows people in bright color when it moves towards them. The film ultimately consists of characters walking along darkened corridors (... the technical botany virus has cut off power) concerned about their safety. The college guys hack and enter to collect certain items needed (... this is a kind of rubbish hunt) to join the fraternity / sorority. The cast playing these children does not rise above their clichés.
