The film begins with a manager (Nicholas Bell), who greets investors (Robert Carradine) at Primal Park. A secret project that mutates a primary animal using fossilized DNA, such as the Jurassic Park, and some scientists resurrect one of the most terrible predators of nature, the saber-toothed tiger or Smilodon. However, scientific ambitions turn out to be deadly, and when a high voltage fence opens, the creature runs away and begins to brutally pursue its victim - people, tourists and scientists. Meanwhile, some young people enter the restricted area of ​​the security center and are attacked by a flock of large prehistoric animals that are more deadly and larger. In addition, a security agent (Stacy Hajduk) and her partner (Brian Wimmer) are struggling with predatory Smilodon. The saber-toothes, of course, are real star stars, and they hit terribly, though not convincingly. Giant animals wildly pursue their prey, and the group faces them and fights with the most terrible predators of the same nature. In addition, the third "Sabretooth" is more dangerous and more slowly pursues its victims. <br /> <br /> The film delivers goods with a lot of blood and blood in the form of a decapitating, frightening chill, full of fear, when saber-toothes appear with mediocre special effects. The plot provides exciting and exciting entertainment, but the result is rather boring. Giant animals are mostly made using a computer generator and seem completely lousy. Playful performances, although the players react accordingly to becoming food. Actors energetically give physical actions, dodging animals, running, jumping or hanging from walls. And it packs a funny final death scene. There is no realistic, bloody and violent attack scenes for young children. Other films about Saber-toothed or Smilodon: “Saber-toothed (2002)” by James R Hickox with Vanessa Angel, David Keith and John Rhys Davis and much better ¨10.000 BC Curtis and Camilla Belle. This film, filled with bloody moments, is poorly directed by George Miller and has no originality, because it takes too many elements from previous films. Miller is an Australian director, usually working on television (Tidal Wave, Journey to the Center of the Earth, and many others) and sometimes on film (The Man from the Snowy River, Zeus and Roxana, Robinson Crusoe). Rating: below average, the bottom of the trunk.
