My score of 3 is NOT what I would give the original Soviet version of this film. It seems that American-International (a studio that specialized in ultra-low budgets in the 60s) bought this film and completely destroyed it - cutting the film into two hours plus a 64-minute film! Plus, most of these 64 minutes were new material (such as "monsters") - so you know that this film is almost not like the original. The original film seems to be a pretty straightforward drama about the Soviet conquest of space - although I'm not really sure what it was originally! To get acquainted with the original film, read the review of Stephen Neeland - it was very useful. <br /> <br /> By the way, it was the third Soviet popular science film that I saw when American-International bought and then hacked in addition to making a “new” film - standard practice for a company that was ready put on the screen almost everything to earn a dollar - provided, of course, it did not cost them much more than a dollar in the first place !! This Americanized film was about two competing world powers (NOT the United States and the Soviets) trying to be first on Mars. Cunning "bad guys" try, but fail, and "good guys" save one of the idiots-cosmonauts, and then go to Mars. Unfortunately, they are temporarily stuck on the moon of Mars, where they see some monsters (added by American-International) that are SO crappy, and one of them has similarities with a certain part of the female anatomy. Then they are saved - they return to the heroes of the Earth. <br /> <br /> The bottom line is that the film was killed - turning an incredibly beautiful work of art (for a while) into a class C movie. Because of this, the Soviets really had a reason to hate America! I'm just shocked that the terrible work I did with this film did not convince them to refuse to sell more films to these assholes! It is worth looking for laughter, but the really bad moments that make you laugh are few and far between. Thus, the film - stupid - is bad enough to make it a must-see for bad movie lovers and too crazy to be taken seriously. I would really like to see this film in its original form - it must have been some kind of picture.
