“Monster” is a terribly stunning film about an evil American concrete factory (is it still in Hollywood?), The polluted water of the small Colombian town of Chimayo, somehow creating a catfish-like beast with a passion for the lamb and free women. James Mitchum is Bill Travis, the man who was sent to Chimayo by his dirty boss Barnes, who himself cannot keep his hands off the back of his secretary to get to the bottom of the story. While in Chimayo, Bill must argue with an annoying reporter who seems to broadcast all her stories in excellent English right to America. I guess in the seventies there was a news market from small South American cities. There is also a radical named Sanchez who wants to sabotage the factory for water pollution, which, by the way, also gives the city jobs for local residents, but why should a cold-blooded economy stand in the way of frivolous environmental Marxism, Pete, the factory boss, involuntarily helps the monster when he has sex with his ex-girlfriend on the beach, tells her that he sees the daughter of the mayor of Juanita, and between them it's over, and then she is quickly eaten that night. Small side effects without evidence. My hat is in front of you, sir. John Carradine completes the cast as a priest who believes that a monster is sent by God to punish sinners. You can see his contempt for the fact that he starred in this film. Maybe he filmed it, running to the local currency exchange to check if his check had not bounced. <br /> <br /> Presumably, based on a true story, so much so that they say it twice in the opening credits of this film. awful on all fronts. Filming began in 1971 and was stopped until eight years later, when Kenneth Hartford put his foot on Monster's throat, adding his two annoying children as new characters, even putting his daughter Andrea in a top billing with Mitchum and Carradin. The sound quality is absent, and most of the scenes look as if someone smears the resin in front of the camera before shooting. This becomes even more tedious in many scenes done at night. The monster itself is ridiculous, as it raises its ugly rubber head for an anti-climatic ending. James Mitchum together with his brother Chris are proof that nepotism in the existing industry should be reduced. Absolutely imperceptible. Shame on you, John Carradine.
