In the summer, which could also boast such disgusting abominations as “Snakes on an airplane” and “The Da Vinci Code”, this is a rather bold statement. But I, nevertheless, support this. Superman's return, as in King Kong 6 months before, is excessive, hyperbolic and with CGI down to the eyeballs. My God, this thing makes me think. <br /> <br /> Richard Donner had the idea of ​​“keeping it up” for two of his walks. And I think his approach to special and optical effects is the most appropriate. Brian Singer is bombarding us with such a big CGI that it really takes you out of the story and constantly reminds you that you’re watching an action movie who thinks that the only way to impress an audience is to spend $ 250 million (absolutely irresponsible amount of money) on unpleasant visual effects. that do not match deception. We saw everything and were everywhere where CGI can take us. There is no real atmosphere or participation in this. And for a movie that is 95% made of this crap ... well, you understand. <br /> <br /> I read a lot of reviews from critics-fans about how the movie “soul” or “human heart” or “tender moments of character.” Puh-rental! We already had thoughtful superheroes, silently screaming: “You would love me if you knew who I am,” dozens of times in recent years, and SR doesn’t offer absolutely ANYTHING new in this regard. Even the site has garbage. Lex Luthor’s plot (seriously mistaken actor and Hammy Kevin Spacey) about the destruction of the land of America has already been shot in the first film! And, well ... that's your business! Amazing, then they managed to pull out this trash in 2.5 hours of pain! Even if the cast were nice, it would have made it less unbearable. Pulitzer Prize, James Marsden is 250% wooden, as usual, and Kevin Spacey really needs to either fire his agent or get some better judgment. The only cast I liked was wonderful Parker Pou and. But I like strange girls. <br /> <br /> Every year such films are becoming more and more pompous. Pretty soon we will have 300 million dollars of movies. Studios need to understand that perhaps they should start looking down, not looking up. For all the money Warner spent on this bunch of crap, for all the resources that this film was worth making ... was it worth it? In my opinion, of course not! This trash put me out of Superman for life!
