Let me first comment on what I liked about the film. The special effects were fantastic, and very rarely did I feel that I was watching a video game. Here is the last thing I can say about this movie. In fact, I would just like everyone reading this to take note that I cannot even express in words how difficult it was to write this review without cursing. <br /> <br /> I have countless complaints about the film, but four main complaints come to mind. My first serious complaint relates to the incredible ease of “turning the plot” (if you can call it that, since most people probably saw it happening a mile away), where the 5-year-old son Lois turns out to be super-powerful Superman's Child. When the crying super-child throws the piano into Lex's assistant to save his mother, I almost got up and left the theater. A singer could make a much better film about Superman, without resorting to cheap tricks, like a seemingly fragile but hidden super-powerful bastard child. It's been 5 days since I watched the movie, and I still want to vomit. <br /> <br /> My next major complaint is that Superman is raising a continent made of kryptonite into space. The Simpsons comic guy doesn't need to point out what's wrong with that. I don’t know how many comics have been read by Brian Singer, but when Superman is exposed to even a small amount of kryptonite, he barely has enough strength to keep his feet. Whoever has the idea of ​​forcing him to fly on a big island made of his greatest weakness in space will never again be associated with any projects related to Superman. The idea is as ridiculous as making a film about Dracula, in which the title character pierces his heart and still manages to fly in the sun on a spaceship made of garlic. Why not Superman eat kryptonite? He can eat it, then brush his teeth, and then go to sleep in kryptonite pajamas. This is no more absurd than when it raises a continent with kryptonite into space, and then falls powerlessly through the atmosphere, not burning when re-entering or splashing around the central park when it falls to the ground. <br /> <br /> My third serious complaint is related to the fact that Singer slaps the viewers all over his face with religious symbolism. I have to dispute his description of Superman as the only son of God-like Jorall, sent to Earth to be a savior. Jor-El was not wise, he was just a scientist. And he did not send his son to earth as a savior, he threw him into a rocket and hurriedly released it into space, because his planet was about to explode. I will buy the allegory of Christ, if Brian Singer can show me the part of the Bible where God sends Christ to Earth, because the skies are about to explode, and then the radioactive pieces of Heaven will become the main weakness of Christ. In addition, the “crucifixion” scene, when Luthor strikes Superman in the side with a kryptonite “spear”, simply makes me want to hit my face with a brick, until I become too mind-blowing to notice brazenly obvious and inappropriate symbols that will spoil a person from have become in the foreseeable future. With the same success, they could rename this film Superman Return: Passion of the Christ. <br /> <br /> Speaking of Luthor, my last serious complaint was about the image of Singer Lex Luthor. Lex Luthor is an insightful, cold-blooded business tycoon who is more inclined to run for president (as he does in comic books) than trying to destroy the world. Man wants money and power; he wants to be responsible, not to destroy everything. However, Luthor, whom we see "Superman Returns," like all previous Superman films, is a stupid theatrical fool who comes up with bizarre schemes for destroying the world. If Singer had at least some devotion to the heroes instead of the (very terrible) previous Superman films, this film would not be such an unbearable parody. Perhaps Singer’s next project might be a Batman movie, where he focuses on the interpretation of Batman from a 1960s TV show. Zam! WHAP! POW !! <br /> <br /> To summarize, I don’t know that I hate more, the film itself or the fact that so many people seem to give good feedback. Everyone has the right to their opinion, but if you do not hate this film, then your opinion is wrong. I sincerely urge everyone who reads this, not to watch this film, if you have not already done so. I do not see, do not buy it when it comes to DVD, do not rent it ... in fact, do not invest any money in it. This film does not deserve to earn money. In fact, I think that for every person who watches this film, Brian Singer should be fined $ 45 billion. If you're a Superman fan and you really want to watch this movie, just lean over and have someone hit you in the balls, and you will get the same experience without wasting 2 hours of your time.
