Most of the stories of Stephen King are small pearls with original ideas that do not take much time to develop; mostly lean and vile - he quickly sets them up on a meager number of pages, you read them, and you finish before you know what you started. They look like a box of MacDonald fries - they are really tasty, and you know that they do not have much nutritional value (from the point of view of literature, they speak little about the universal state of a person), but you are still going to throw them, just don’t be a pig, go for a portion of extra-large sizes and fall asleep with too much fat (“too much fat” is a metaphor for prose in King’s novels, when you read one of them and say: “Come on - enough pop cultural observations or clever Yankees aside - give this story already! ” He compiled four books of storybooks. I read them all - from NightShift to the last, Everything is possible, and they all demonstrate the effectiveness of reaching a point that is sometimes sorely lacking in his novels the size of a volume. <br /> <br /> But the stories never go beyond their greetings ... which leads us to the television adaptations of "Nightmares and Dreams" ... <br /> <br /> How the hell did they (the producers of the series) get the green light to turn the stories who typically averaged 15 pages in 50-minute episodes? I will tell you how - two words - "Stephen King." The stories with his name on them probably did not become cheap, and the one-hour shows give more advertising than the half-hour ones, so ... what should have been in the anthology, consisting mainly of 23 or 24-minute episodes, turns into double the length, and double the commercial time ... Ka-ching! <br /> <br /> I’m not going to waste time narrating the plots of these stories - this review assumes that you have already read stories and / or have seen the show; Below are just my intuitive reactions to what TNT presented ... Of the four parts that I am presenting, here is my score of ten cents (from first to worst): <br /> <br /> The battlefield is not a classic Hey in all respects, but how can you argue so that William Hurt does not open his trap by shooting this episode without a single line of dialogue? And the mocking mention and destruction of the Zuni killer doll from the “Trilogy of Terror” proved to me that the producers (and the author of the TV game, the son of Richard Matson — the author of TOT) knew their mission with this. had to make the action deadly, but at the same time fun. Hert’s apartment took more time than it should have, but I think she completed her task. 8/10 <br /> <br /> Amni's last case - he liked primarily because of William H. Macy's speech. I think the writer / Umni should have appeared in the story earlier than in the private eye / early Ummuni, because he was the real reality of the story, and anyone who is familiar with King’s short story (probably half, if not most of the audience) , the installation of Chandleresque knew should have been interrupted by the reality of the author, so let's get this over with and cut out the pretty and clever hard-boiled repatriate 'Private Dick banter already. As soon as the writer / family tragedy began to unfold, I thought that an emotional connection appeared on the show that made the viewer (at least me) feel empathy for Macy's real attempt to avoid his sadness by usurping his fictional creation. a life. 6/10 <br /> <br /> The end of the whole mess ... Uh, this is the name, how I felt about this episode when it ended. Twenty minutes later I was ready to scream on the TV - well, we already understood, the younger brother is an extraordinary prodigy Mega Mensa Genius! We know from a conversation with Ron Livingstone’s camera (“time goes to me” - not fast enough, I thought) that a young, gifted guy would discover something really bad for humanity - we know this because he had already built an airplane, but almost died because he could not direct him from the path of the tree; and he blew up his chemistry lab, teaching himself chemistry (thinking that the end of the world could have been prevented if only this child had some parental control). So much time was spent setting up the super-genius Henry Thomas, when we finally got to allow its discovery - the end of the world through unintentional idiocy - how much can we see how the world “ends”? "- a cheap video shot by a reporter starting to forget what she is reporting, and short radio programs announcing the Day of Judgment are close. Oh, and my brother's parents are drooling and singing old songs. My point is: if your story is really about the end of the whole mess (world) ", I want to see the" mess "that builds up in the fire, falls and burns. Talking about how to end with a whimper, really. 2/10 <br /> <br /> Crouch End-- This the episode just freaked me out.I could live with the “forever” exposition of a happy couple arriving at their hotel playing slap, dinner and getting a taxi (it was half the episode right there) if once they finally crossed into Crouch End the episode delivered a chill, but it failed. Not only was it not scary, it was almost ridiculous. Oh look - kitty ... wait, it turns out ... oh my God! Look at that scary eye! Aha. They could go a long way towards shooting the episode "Crouch End" at night, not in daylight. Things you can inadvertently find it funny, it can get scary when you see them in the night shadows. But I believe that the budget was not high enough to shoot at night on the fake London sets that they collected for this. On the page, this is a very scary story about tourists who roam places that they should not visit, and terrible things that may be hiding around the corner. The only terror in this adaptation was directing and acting - they were really terrifying. 1/10 <br /> <br /> Medium Series (so far): 4/10
