The remake was an excellent remake of the film in all respects. Most of the remakes turn out to be complete garbage, but under the very talented leadership of Alexander Aja became one of the best remakes ever made, as well as with regard to the mutant inbreed of a human horror subgenre. In steps, part 2 by another man Martin Weiss and written by father and son of Jonathan and Wes, “I can't make a good horror film to save my life anymore” Craven, and if it indicates the skills of directing Weiss and young Craven writing skills all of us in a difficult future, since THHE 2 is not only not as good as the first, but does not entertain at any level. <br /> <br /> We start with a rather graphic birth of a mutant child. which, although pretty cool, will not prepare you for the upcoming trash, but only a hint of what could be in this film. Then we see a team of scientists who briefly introduce themselves and send out our radiated refusals. A few steps away, our main army reserve team to save the day, this is where the main problems begin. <br /> <br /> From very low quality (even for this kind of film) to horrible characters and absence. true slaughter for most of its time THHE 2 becomes difficult to observe, because nothing happens, because idiotic soldiers make mistake after mistake only to meet the death there not by mutants, but by themselves. Think of Marines in Aliens just exactly the opposite, and you have an idea of ​​how well these soldiers are trained. This is a real disgrace to the film, since most of the Hills residents do not get those killings that you would like to see, like in the first film, in fact, if THHE 2 was not linked in the beginning and there was a brief overview in Starting to tie it to the first, almost original channel sci-fi. <br /> <br /> This time, the Mutant Mountainbillies are not that funny, since in many ways they are much worse than our previous game, because they all seem to be not well thought out and uninteresting. Also, the one who took the cake was a Mutant, similar to the Sloth (you know, the Sloth from Guni), who helps them in the third act. I was waiting for him to ask for Baby Ruth or start talking about ice cream on Rocky Road. Truly disappointing and shameful - the only way to describe most of the events taking place here. <br /> <br /> In the film there is blood, but far from being as intuitive as in the original, in fact it seemed depressed for the most part as apart from the scene of the birth of a mutant child, in fact there is nothing that would stand out In the first. Another serious blow to this film. So what worked here, the answer is nothing at all. It was like a sequel, created specifically to make money from the success of the first film, and not to make a really “good” film. <br /> <br /> I can talk about the shitty SGT Drill. has problems with speech (that's right, he is one of those whom I want to broadcast for help in a real crisis) or a pacifist fighter who recalls the same character character as our “hero” in the first film, but I believe that you will point. This film is not even in the same league or even on the same planet as the first one. He should have given another title and added it to the Sci-Fi channel on Saturday night. One could experience real shame as a sequel, but, alas, it looks like another horror movie that throws the ball at almost every level and gets one of my lowest scores, since I put THHE 2 the same result as its part : 2/10 Awful: Words cannot describe how bad this film is - the complete opposite of its predecessor in all respects, boring and completely unnecessary. Next time guys, if you're going to make a sequel so bad ... don't even worry. Please do not go to support this garbage in theaters, save your money and thank me later !!!!
