This ridiculous and inept film is undoubtedly the most erroneous version of Hamlet ever to appear on the screen. Bran's approach to the material can only be described as vulgar; to such an extent as the image of Ophelia in a straight jacket, when the army of Fortinbras suddenly appears on the horizon (very much like the culmination of “Monty Python and the Holy Grail”), when the palace seems to be guarded only by Francisco (who shouts) a very unspothed cry ” ataaaaaaaaaaaaaaack "before he was shot dead), and a lot of star cameos, which go back to the days of Dna Jimmy Cagney and Kate Mary. <br /> <br /> Brana chose his film in an Edwardian setting, but at the same time decided to use an almost uncut text, so often the dialogue, which is firmly rooted in the Elizabethan mentality, does not make sense in the context that it is performed. And Brana does not care about such textural subtleties as the ambiguous nature of the relationship between Hamlet and Olfelia, considering the audience as a vulgar sex scene between a couple who throws out any ambiguity right from the stained glass window. <br /> <br /> The uncut text really allows Branagu to indulge in his favorite cinematic pastime: Kenneth Brann additional frames. This is never as obvious as in “As all the cases speak against me,” which ends the first half of the nineteen hour film (at least that's the way it is), in which an attempt is made to play a dramatic crescendo in the spirit of “Gone with the Wind: "I will never be hungry again." This may serve Bran's ego, but it does not serve Shakespeare or speech: when I saw the film in the theater, I leaned toward my companion and snorted "Great moments with Mr. Hamlet." Brana saves the most ridiculous and tasteless moment for the latter when he tries to surpass Olivier’s film and his justly glorified death of Claudius, forcing Hamlet to jump from a high tower to the monarch, having pierced him with a sword. Bran's Dane makes in the king, heroically throwing an apparently magical rapier through the palace to cover Claudius' heart with the eye of a superhero bull. The only thing that saved this moment from the unbearably insane was that he was so funny. <br /> <br /> Although in some circles this film was praised as a serious description of the tragedy, in reality it is nothing more than a star-studded show of a once talented director who has been caught up by his own narcissism. The Emperor has no clothes, and this Hamlet has nothing to offer, except for a few unintended laughter and the terrible look of the uncontrollable ego of one person.
