Well, let's not get confused here. If this is a continuation of a remake of the original horror classics, does this mean that it is also automatically a remake of the original sequel to the horror classics? I hope that this is not a general rule, as Wes Craven’s own continuation of the original “Hills Have Eyes” ?? released somewhere in the mid 80s ?? easily one of the worst and absolute most redundant horror films ever made. The second part had no real plot and reused the video of the original only for the further use of the success of the really sandy and stunning premises. Craven also wanted us to believe that even dogs suffer from memories and painful memories, as the faithful German Shepard from the Carter family re-lived his bloody battle with one of the mountain goats. There were quite a few warning signs indicating that this sequel would be a terrible failure. Remake came out just a year ago, but the sequel already? The incredible speed of its release on the right makes you doubt the quality of the script. Do not they need a little more time if they want to create a film that should be scary, threatening and disturbing? With his excellent film, Alexander Aja almost single-handedly changed the general opinion about horror remakes, as he had the courage and intellect to change the main elements of the plot and add more disgusting blood than anyone could have hoped. In addition, Aya is a rather talented young director, and he was noticed thanks to the French classic cult "High Tension", but who is this new director? Aja's "A Hills Have Eyes" was an unexpected hit, rated by experienced as well as older generations of horror fans, as well as young and overly passionate target groups. This is a really good movie, and although an avalanche of new sequels and clones will be inevitable, it is unlikely that one of them will ever compare to the amazing quality level of Aji's crushing hit. Bearing in mind all this, plus a rather large dose of personal skepticism, I must admit that this hasty continuation is really not as terrible as expected. The script is a routine and clichéd horror, representing a fairly large number of characters with a small or even missing ridge and tastelessly depicting how traditionally disgusting-looking freaks kill them. After the events of the first film, the American army camped in the center of the New Mexican desert to investigate the effects of nuclear tests that took place there in the 50s and 60s. For the terribly mutated survivors of the mining community who remained there during the radioactive tests, scientists and researchers form a tasty starter until the main truck of incompetent soldiers arrives on the truck. It is assumed that they just throw food and supplies, but face the final military exercises, when faced with inexorable humanoids living in the remnants of the mines. <br /> <br /> In essence, this is just another example of a killer with dull characters who, even after losing a few friends, are still stupid enough to separate from the group and act like easy targets for murder. It is also very easy to indicate which of them will survive this adventure, especially when one of the soldiers is against all types of violence, while the other is constantly watching the video images of her cute 3-year-old son. "The hills have eyes II" completely lacking ?? as expected ?? originality, logic and plausible situations. Mutated miners are not as scary as their colleagues in the first part, mainly because this time they are not organized and behave just like drooling and sex-craving prototype monsters. Since you do not care amateur GI. Joe is "heroes" and definitely does not feel any sympathy for the eyes in the hills, this film is much less convincing and attractive than last year's original. The most unusual thing is that this second film is not so cruel and terrible as the first one! Sequels usually compensate for the lack of expectation and unexpected turns with additional bloodshed and a large number of graphic murder episodes, but the action in this sequel is indeed manual compared to the sick frames shown by its predecessor. There are several scenes to satisfy bloodthirsty horror fans ?? basically shows soldiers falling from rocks or shooting from their own weapons ?? but, unfortunately, there are no outrageous battles with picks or violent dog attacks. What a disgrace! What is the meaning of the sequel, if it does not even exceed the level of roughness and / or gratuitous dirt of the original? Fortunately, a movie is never boring or overly sentimental, and you will have a lot of fun seeing all the things that don't make the slightest sense! For example, wallets fall out of the bloody heads of people, women without any muscle strength act as strong soldiers and my personal favorite ?? the appointment of ONE soldier with speech disorders to control radio communications.
