Last year’s remake of The Hills Have Eyes was one of the best attempts to recreate the dimly-used 1970s horror films for a new audience. Alexander Azha allowed a remarkable degree of character development, and when violence began, it was mean and cruel, and all this was happening in the midst of flawless photography and production design. I was one of the few who really thought he was better than the original, and was looking forward to a second visit to the particularly dark and cruel world of wild desert mutants. <br /> <br /> "The hills have eyes" 2 ', released just a year after the original, seems to be a hastily and ill-conceived attempt to cash in on the franchise, without thinking about quality. The screenplay of Jonathan Craven may have been written at the weekend, and given the speed with which this film turned into cinemas, it probably was. He appeals to every beaten cliche genre in the book, not offering absolutely nothing new in the mythology of desert mutants. I always let out a moan of disappointment when the sequel replaces civilian characters with military ones. The soldiers are always so lazily written and never stop missing the rough cartoons of the pompous macho. In my opinion, “Aliens” was the only film that successfully made such a transition, thanks to the talent of James Cameron, and not just to send the best action films around, but never forgetting that the audience should take care of the people being killed. He was also skillfully helped by some really talented actors. With the film “The Hills Have Eyes 2” it becomes clear that the video director Martin Weiss is not James Cameron, and the actors of the television beat-partners do not have the talent or even the inclination to turn their cardboard heroes into something closer to life, breathing human beings. <br /> <br /> Needless to say, each character represents a wide and common cliché. They act in stupid and illogical ways, making stupid and illogical decisions that lead them to predictably stupid and illogical deaths. The second half of the film becomes just another tedious scenario, pursued in dark corridors. The Descent (over which Sam McCardie, by coincidence, also worked in the cinema) proved that even this very derivative of the sequences can still be performed with genuine originality and uncertainty, but we don’t see such innovations here. <br /> <br /> “The Hills Have Eyes 2” is just a very lazy film, devoid of any anxiety, tension or surprise, and no one is interested in creating something of quality. This is a boring and weary excuse to continue and deserves to spend the rest of your life in the blockbuster bin.
