The Hills Eyes II, one of the most senseless and blatantly stupid sequels in history, is 90 minutes of incompetent filmmaking in all its glory. Or worse, but you decide to look at it. While the remake of the 2006 film Hills was one of the best and truly frightening horror films this year, this sequel removes all the sparks from what made it such an achievement. Part 2 will never get off the ground, and at the same time its mind-blowing dialogue. Worst of all, it's not so scary. <br /> <br /> A 2006 remake followed a family that found itself in the middle of the New Mexico desert in the desert, and one after the other was captured by abnormal and sadistic people from the hills. People who as a result of military tests of the atomic bomb on their land many years ago became who they are. Surviving travelers who roam the region. The sequel sends viewers to the same desert, which is now occupied by the military, as they secretly explore the hills and what could have happened to this poor family. When a group of servicemen is delivered to the camp, they discover that he is left without signs of life. A grim reality will soon come upon them when they realize that they are not alone. And the bloody fate that was passed on to many before them will soon become their fate. <br /> <br /> You do not need to be a genius to understand that the Hills have no legal basis for existence. But since last year’s remake was well received both at the box office and by critics, it is not surprising that the sequel will be put into production while there is still money to be earned. At this time there is no rhyme, no reason for it, just an incredible and ridiculous setting to pave the way for thoughtless characters, non-original murders, non-existent stories and slippage of interest. Initially, director Alexander Aja turned Craven's iconic classic into a remake, which became a unique and exciting experience. The one that horribly crossed the line several times. His blatant violence, sadistic torture, in-depth characterization and indecision were effectively used to shock and repel the audience. The second time, these are rephrased improvised means. There is no style, no sand. He tries to create tension by dismembering the body, when all he really does is to be there to make such a good film, where even the blood seems tame compared to more recent bloodbaths. <br /> <br /> This is sad The state of affairs when deformed mutants that capture women for breeding cannot hold your attention. This is a bore, nothing more. The "hills" do not bite. Despite a jump or two here and there, there is nothing very scary about this horror movie by numbers. This is similar to what you would see on a sci-fi channel, with only some F-bombs, splashes of blood here and there, rape, and a graphic birth scene that is coarser than shocking. It is cheap. And with the Hills, you reap what you sew. Without any effort, you cannot expect anything in return. <br /> <br /> Replacing Aji Martin Weiss as a director was the first big mistake of the film, all he does is exhausting the film of any kind with emotional resonance. But even more shocking is the uncharacteristically bad script written by Wes Craven and his son Jonathan Craven. You ask how bad it can be? This is the type of dialogue that makes any comparison look like Shakespeare. In the past, Craven had his share of clokers, but I would have never expected anything like this from him. It's so unintentionally funny, you wonder, Craven is kidding about it? Or did he throw it at his son after the studio paid him? The characters in the film are talking heads, in which there is no emotion and common sense. Acting is just as bad. The only character who can beat you is Napoleon, Napoli, a skinny guy who does not suit others. Even the insane and instinct-driven villains, with whom we could find some kind of favor in the depths of our thoughts a year ago, meet indifferent. You don't hate them, you don't like them. You honestly do not care. Just like this movie. <br /> <br /> Even if you were frivolous with fear during 'The Hills Have Eyes', like me, you will have a hard time finding something to enjoy this piece of garbage. It is as universal as it is common, and there is absolutely nothing here that we have not seen many times. I can't express it enough, avoid “The Hills Have Eyes II”, like the plague. This is terrible, unoriginal, insane and boring. Stick to the remake or the original vision of Craven. Because if you don’t leave after the first thirty minutes, don’t say that I didn’t warn you.
