I saw this film in its release, and watched it 3 or 4 times, including last week. I regret that I should be a voice of disagreement regarding the execution of Mr. Branag. <br /> <br /> This is a truly gorgeous, sumptuous film, not to mention an ambitious film more than 4 hours long - perfectly filmed and designed by Derek Jacobi, Julie Christie, Kate Winslet, Richard Brier and many others do an excellent job. Then there is Kenneth Branagh. If ever there was an act of vanity for an actor, then it is he, and Mr. Bran doesn’t regret anything by putting the “ham” into Hamlet. From stunt casting (which gives us the worst performance in the entire history of the sadly missing Jack Lemmon) to pieces of a distracting business, added to instill a sense of “naturalness,” into his own presentation that drives the gamut from throwing out a single. every line of others. His performance confirms that, although he may seem better on stage, where more is needed, he has never been a great film actor. The landscape budget can be spent on food, Mr. Brana eats so much. His speech is a perfect example of why people do not go to meet Shakespeare - “full of sound and rage, meaningless.” And if there is a mistake in his direction, the fact that he is holding the camera is firmly glued to his bloated work. <br /> <br /> No matter what theories people can put forward on Bard, he was, after all that was said and done, a playwright. The brilliance of his plays is based on the fact that his themes are universal and timeless. Although there is no “right” way to play his plays, there certainly is an excellent acting game, a good acting game and a bad acting game. Shakespeare himself gives instructions to the players in the text of Hamlet itself. It amazes me how Mr. Branah “said this”, but did not hear. It was an example of how you spend too much time to understand how he is going to say something, and too little to understand what he is saying. <br /> <br /> Although Mr. Brana definitely did a wonderful job of creating some entertaining productions He would be wise to stay behind the camera and let those who know the art of acting practice it. His direction was always better than his actions. I still appreciate his resurgence of interest in the filming of Shakespeare. He set up a great template for other productions. And it would be interesting to see him on stage from about 20 lines back. But I really hope he decides to lead more and act less. <br /> <br /> Should I watch? Of course. In the film, many small joys. But this is a long, long film, and in the end, you can feel that they did not like it, but survived.
