I suppose all internal jokes have made Munchies a cult classic. I thought it was terrible, although, given the ridiculous story and character of the characters, the film could have been much better (and funnier). Perhaps all they needed was a real budget. <br /> <br /> Munchies, as many viewers have noted, is something of a Gremlins parody. Hence all the links to the movie. The film begins somewhere in Peru during an archaeological dig. Annoying dufus named Paul, who aspires to become a comedian who does not offer sarcasm or witty jokes during the film, despite his career plans, hides with his father in caves. His dad is an unconventional type of archaeologists who is looking for artifacts in the caves, not mummies and not something else, but evidence from the United States. And this is where the Munchies appear. In the crevice of the rock is hidden ugly little mutant, similar to a rotating rubber doll with the voice of Gizmo. They call him Arnold, hide him in a bag and bring him home so that Paul’s dad can finally prove the evidence of extraterrestrial life. <br /> <br /> Paul, the idiot he is, breaks his promise to his father: to watch Arnold (the bet he made with his father, if he loses, he goes to community college to get a “real” career ). A creepy neighbor next door with a bad carpet, Cecil (TV veteran Harvey Korman), wonders what his neighbors are up to. So, he and his lazy son, some kind of air-headed hippie (who, it seems, was supposed to make his character a biker or a heavy metal lover) to catch Arnold. What for? Scheme of rapid enrichment of course. And, of course, even Cecil's son is too stupid to look after Arnold. And after several punches and pushes in Arnold, he multiplies by more Munchies. <br /> <br /> It wasn't even a movie that was so bad, it was good. It was just awful. I hoped that the Munchies would mutate and kill the idiots who always followed them, even Paul and his girlfriend. At the very least, it would be one of the ways to get rid of all the bad actions in this film that really spoil the movie. Not to mention the bad special effects that look like hand puppets. And it’s really bad to write everything around - it wasn’t even funny - even that young policeman who can really give you a murderous shudder in your eyes. As I said, Manchi, if they had a real budget and better actors, they could make a good parody. Pass.
