Munchies start in the darkest Peru (for me it’s more like a dirt road), where archaeologist Simon Watterman (Harvey Korman) and his son Paul (Charles Stratton) are on an expedition. Simon thinks that the ancient Aztec buildings were in fact the control centers of the spacecraft, and he is seeking proof that alien life forms have visited Earth, while in such a structure he discovers a strange little creature that he shoves into his backpack and takes him home to the small American town of Sweetwater in California. Simon feels that the creature is the evidence he was looking for and for some inexplicable reason decides to leave the thing at home while he is about to share his discovery. Simon asks Paul and his wife Cindy (Nadine van der Velde) to take care of this. Meanwhile, Simon's brother and fast-food businessman Cecil Watterman (Harvey Korman again) steals the creature so that his brother doesn't make any money on it, but his idiotic stepson Dude (John Stafford) fights with him and cuts his knife, but some parts grow into individual small creatures that continue to cause a lot of chaos among the townspeople ... <br /> <br /> According to the instructions of Bettina Hirsch, this must be one of the worst horror comedies ever, if not the worst. The script of Lance Smith is so unmixed that it hurts. Every joke in “Manchi” does not hit the target of the notorious mile, I doubt that the adolescent will even like the humor in this piece of shit. As far as I know, in Munich there is nothing funny or even funny. The main story is shit too, they just discover that this creature runs without explaining what it is, why nobody has ever seen him before, how he manages to learn English so quickly, how he learns to drive, etc., etc. this is the great plagiarism of the Gremlins (1984), in which there is not one of the elements that made this film so good. The character is an idiot, a stupid deputy (Charlie Phillips) and his father (Hardy Rawls), Cecil in an embarrassing wig and an artificial mustache, as well as his air head, Melvis (Alix Elias) and many others. They are just confused and ridiculous, I challenge anyone who finds any this rancid nonsense ridiculous. In fact, the Munchies simply cannot be comedy or horror and in the end it turns out, yes, you guessed it, shit. <br /> <br /> Director Hirsch obviously worked here with a small budget, and this shows that everything goes in two houses, in the desert, in several caves and on a miniature golf course. This is really a cheap and incompetent film. The special effects on the Munchies themselves are really terrible, they are just dolls that do not move unless someone removes the cord attached to his hand from the camera. I can't help but emphasize how bad the consequences are, these things would not convince my 4-year-old nephew (as proved by me and them yesterday!). Complete incompetence, this film sucks. <br /> <br /> Technically, the movie is terrible, bad special effects, bad design of production, sets of garbage and so on, just all the crap. Actor's play is through, from the police to Corman, who has two roles, both of which prove that he cannot play and is not funny. <br /> <br /> Munchies is a really bad film that fails in everything that it is trying to achieve, be sure to look, if you want, I will not stop you, but just don’t say that you haven’t been warned! My advice is to look at the Gremlines instead, but the decision is yours!
