Most would agree that the Wolverine character is one of the most intriguing characters in comic book history. I am not an expert on Marvel, but I grew up with the adventures of the X-Men and definitely approved Hugh Jackman's well-known image of the untidy Logan. I liked the first X-Men, I found the sequel too heavy and dirty, and I liked the third as a comic. During all three films, I probably enjoyed Jackman more than anything else. I thought that making the movie “Origins” about Wolverine may well turn out to be a better film than all three films “X-Men”. If we concentrate on one character, I thought that there could be a film in which what I did not find in the second film was achieved - this is a rather complex and character-driven adventure in comics. <br /> <br /> The reason why the Wolverine film fails is not because after the “Dark Knight” competition becomes tougher. This is not even because of the development of the plot, which goes beyond the obvious and rudimentary - although this, of course, is not good - no, it is because the film does not seem to even try. To begin with, this is not considered good fun. There is something in this movie that looks very automatic. Without any special effects or wait items, when one event makes you predict the next five, it’s almost like a Uwe Boll movie imitating an action / adventure movie concept that you saw dozens of times before. Of course, nothing in this film is as horrible as Bolles **, but when everyone says cliches, as if they are part of a chain of events that is so standard, you at least make a connection, and this is definitely bad enough. <br /> <br /> But there is still a big problem. Even the general action movie is a general action movie, which, by the way, makes you forgive many holes in the plot and the nonsense of the characters. I think you will find the most fundamental flaw in the title itself. I mean "Origin." Indeed? What do the people behind this movie think of this title? What do they mean ?? Do you want to know the origin of wolverine? He grew up with his brother. They ran away from home under dramatic circumstances. Then they went to war. All of them! Civil War, First and Second World Wars and Vietnam too. Why would they do that? Still unknown. In the end, brother (Sabretooth, played by Liev Shrieber) became evil. "How?" you ask. I don't know, it was somewhere between Omaha Beach and Hanoi. "Yes, but why?" you still ask. I just said I did not know !! The film does not explain. He is angry, good! "Yes, but ... you know," origin "" ... Yes, well, that is the origin! I mean, the spirit! Anyway, ultimately they end up with a super secret team of mutant elite soldiers Something with the government, ho-hum. Wolvie gets enough and leave his brother. For six years he was a happy woodcutter with a loved one who turned out to be a little helpless while Saber-tooth suddenly reappears. "Yeah ... but ... why? "- Oh, shut up! - and Volvi decides to become a guineupig for a group of evil scientists who transform him in a flesh-covered metal battle animal. He follows all the bad guys and they follow him, and after all the fights, he eventually erased his memory, write the first X-Men movie. <br /> <br /> There. This is the origin. You can also find it on the back cover of the DVD. The actual movie will not tell you anything more. Without decent action scenes, no good heroes, villains or characters in general (lines from my audience on the couch: thick suit! The famous black guy! Oh, I give you 200 cash, if this girl survives this film .., should it be Gambit ...? Mmm, oh well ... uh-uh, right), not a single line of memorable dialogue and zero lines with which to cover a T-shirt, added to this are stupid things that destroy plausibility in Generally what you can usually forgive .... well, that sounds like a waste of time, right? Fans will check this or have already done. There is no stopping. But if you liked the X-Men films for no other reason, except that they were well made and interesting - look at them again and do not do yourself any favors, trying to find an origin where there is none.
