Heartless milking of dairy cows franchise. Universal superhero movie. CGI showcase. Gavin Hood "Series of incredible events." Combinatorial iteration of scenes of the struggle of mutants related to each other in a meaningless presentation, justifying the formation / dissolution of arbitrary alliances. I do not expect Shakespeare here, but the cliche per minute meter was out of schedule: Primary cry, looking at the sky and kneeling over the dead girl. Apostate military commander. Predictable double crosses. Revenge is wanted for a murdered lover. Erased memories. An evil character discovers moral at the last minute. Wrong failures to fulfill sworn enemies after defeating them in the melee. The lover is not completely dead. A lover who actually acts as a spy for the hero’s sworn enemy. The girlfriend / spy actually falls in love with the main character. Good people work for the antagonist to save kidnapped family members. The evil mastermind does not fulfill the promises of reluctant employees. A good old couple cares about a weary hero and is killed for their troubles. Certain deaths are prevented when third parties arrive at the scene before the coup d'état. The hero reluctantly enters a secret government agency. Leaving an elite squad to protest the killing of innocent people. Scientists cannot control the indestructible killing machine from their own creation. Outdated, but attractive government "secret weapon" kills the best, but heartless successor. The hero walks from the wreckage and casually lights the gasoline trail behind him. After everyone surrenders, a flat heart monitor catches the pulse. An evil mastermind explains the plans of the hero, whom he no longer sees as a threat. The hero refuses to kill the defeated enemy, because he is "better than that." The transparent comic embossed character makes funny understatements and unusual comments. Cheerful psychopath revels in occasional murderous violence. Almost indestructible Goliaths hurl each other through a series of walls and other physical injuries that will kill a mere mortal. Man sends dozens of enemies who own weapons, only skillful fencing. Common sense and the laws of physics, biology and chemistry are temporarily left. The antagonist uses the murder of a loved one as an excuse for an erroneous crusade. <br /> <br /> I could go on, but it's just tiring. If you are over twelve years old and do not live in your mother's basement, you probably have nothing to do here. Sadly enough, but for superhero movies, it's not too far from the norm, so ignore everything I wrote if you lack the genre.
