It's official guys - Hou Xiao-Hsien has no thought in his pretty little head. Are you wondering why he chose Shu Qi as his muse? <br /> <br /> Shu (or is it Qi?) Does not appear in this film. Instead, we get the mysterious tooth Yo Hitoto, apparently a pop star in Japan - judging by her song at the end, she is a pop star, just like the girl who serves you in Rockin 'Curry, is an “actress” - and for nothing, Tadanobu Asano, as a rule, is a quality indicator, which is obliged to do nothing here, but just stand and look like a muttering Asian hipster and too old to cope with even this. <br /> <br /> What is Howe's philosophy? Life is uncertainty, great nothingness, feel it and move on. I would like to do this, but Hou doesn't let us feel anything at Cafe Lumiere, except in the photo report Life in Tokyo, around 2003, and the overwhelming observation that people are ships that sail at night, no, they do those trains that run on the day, never connecting, everyone rushes to their destination, usually some kind of dark tunnel or bridge, if they are lucky. Clap. Flowers of Shanghai is one of the most rarefied, technically perfect and fascinating films of all time. How could the same director, who created the first shot from this film, in which there are about twelve actors talking at machine-gun speed for about ten minutes in a row - an impossible directorial feat - gets stuck makes this laconic sub-Jarmusch reality of porn for two films in a row now? Millennium Mambo may be a dead weight, but at least it has two great shots that hint at Hou's true vocation as the cinematic equivalent of Odilon Redon: these shots are a sex scene with flashing lights and Shu Qi opening shot blue corridor. His M.O. When creating Cafe Lumiere, it looks like two great shots were taken from the Millennium Mambo to make it more consistent. You will be the judge if it sounds attractive. <br /> <br /> Hou does not need to be clarified - you cannot refine the idea of ​​uncertainty further than the Flowers of Shanghai. He needs to expand, swell out, release the inner expressionist and revitalizer of the genre, which is so senselessly wasted on minimalist cliches. It's time for him to make a remake of Akira live or something like that. This kind of feature film, in which the actors must be authentic, because they are held faceless in the long run and speak in a monosyllabic manner, is now no less safe, ghettoized and stagnant, like a Hollywood action movie. (What is the connection between “reality” and people who cannot speak? It seems to me that people “in real life” never stop talking.) Again, considering that only in 2005 high-budget films became as diverse and rich as Ideas like Aeon Flux, The Island and King Kong can now be said with confidence that even Michael Bay surpassed Howe, and this is very sad. <br /> <br /> The good news is that Howe is already over fifty. Frankly, it seems to me that he didn’t even begin. There are a couple of moments in this film that show that the promise is still there, for example, the capricious mood at the beginning of a bookstore, when the room becomes darker than blood-red, and Hitoto speaks about children with goblin faces. But no matter how frightened he was, no matter how comfortable he was, making the same film over and over again and being proclaimed gullible and pretentious, like the savior of the movie, Hou, time spent in expensive Rotterdam, Venice, Toronto, Berlin. and whatever it is, film festivals are almost over, and people catch your tricks fast. Two words for you: Atom Egoyan. Two more words, maybe three: Tsai Ming-Liang. Now you use these two tedious scammers who are going to forever climb through their dark tunnels. Risk your shirt in a sci-fi epic, buy it, be offended - but leave social criticism to people who have no eyes and no heart. Let your artistic talent manifest itself in full. Otherwise, you will never get out of suspense.
