I am relatively late to the transcendental work of the author of the film Yasujiro Odzu, whose masterfully understated views on Japanese life, especially in the era after World War II, highlight universal truths. Now, having seen several of his iconic films, such as The Late Spring, 1949, and The History of Tokyo, 1953, I am convinced that Ozu had an especially peculiar gift to convey the spectrum of feelings that arise as a result of the intergenerational conflict, through elliptical narratives and subtle images. This is the secret desire of Taiwanese director Hou Xiaoxian to pay homage to Oz in his centenary in this usually exciting 2003 film. Among the co-authors of the script, Tian-wen Chu Xiao-hsien seems to be doing the right visual effects, but does not capture the necessary emotional weight that would make the glacial rhythm tolerant. <br /> <br /> The story concerns Yoko, a young Japanese writer who explores the life of a mid-20th-century Taiwanese composer Jiang Wen-E in Tokyo after returning from Taiwan, where she taught Japanese. After 25 long minutes of character customization, she tells her father and stepmother that she is pregnant from one of her students in Taiwan. At the same time, Yoko's friend, the Hajima coffee shop, which owns a second-hand bookstore, is obsessed with trains and seems to be in love with her. Xiao-Xiang connects this thin storyline with a series of shots held for excessively long frames when changing the composition of the frame. There are also long stretches of silence, as well as many scenes involving trains. Although these techniques correspond to Ozu’s style, Xiao-hsien seems unable to plunge into the characters ’minds like Ozu with maximum mobility and minimal theatricality, in particular, Yoko’s difficult situation seems to be rather non-conflict in the scheme of the presented drama and her parents’s reaction is excessively passive, to arouse great interest. In fact, the whole movie has an atmosphere of exhaustion about it, which makes the movie a sense of infinity. <br /> <br /> The performances are unobtrusive, but barely remembered. J-pop star Yo Hitoto brings natural lightness to Yoko, while Tadanobu Asano is something like the Hajim cipher. The rest of the characters are barely registered, even Nenji Kobayashi and Kimiko Yo as Yoko's parents. Cinematographer Lee Ping-Bing provides expert work, although it violates the basic rule of Odzu films by not keeping the camera stable while shooting. Hitoto says, he sings an exciting pop song that he used eventually, “Hito-Shyang” DVD includes a French-made documentary film “Métro Lumière”, which actually helps to understand the context of Xiao-hsien's film approach. It includes excerpts from Ozu’s films, in particular, “The Equinox Flower,” to show parallels with this film, although neither “The Story of Tokyo” nor “Early Summer” is surprisingly mentioned, an obvious basis for some scenes and situations. UPS. There are also edited clips of interviews for Hitoto, Asano, and Xiao-hsien, as well as a movie trailer.
