CREEPSHOW 2 - the unfortunate continuation of the original George Romero (overvalued) CREEPSHOW. In any sequel to Romero's film, not filmed by Romero himself, there are big shoes, mainly because of Romero fans who think he is God. I didn’t really care about the first movie and funny enough, I didn’t really care about the continuation. The series had so much potential, but it was short because both films were less than stellar. <br /> <br /> The biggest problem with CREEPSHOW 2 was that there were only three stories in it (excluding the intermediate story), and since the first story was sucked out of faith, it left a chance for almost half of the film. be * really * good. I saw CS 2 in the movies, and the first segment was a real moan. Something dramatic with George. “I Can't Act” Kennedy is automatically doomed, and the story of the Indian statue was too far-fetched and just did not fit into this sequel. So after a really banal and boring start, only two other stories were left to reverse the fiasco of an interrupted start, and, unfortunately, the other two stories were not good enough for me to forget the first story. The raft and hitchhiking are moderately successful, moderately, because, although the other two segments have their own moments, they still remain unchanged. The last two stories are mostly stretched for too long. Not that I wanted the stories to take place at a dizzying pace and end quickly, but both of the good ideas found in these stories were negated by the fact that they were slow and augmented and eventually failed when the segments had to become more energetic, more unstable and with shorter endings. In addition, if the last two stories were not stretched to complement the film, or if all three segments were more concise with better editing and direction, they could add the much-needed fourth story to the group. Having only three soft segments made for a boring feast. <br /> <br /> Actions and recordings in the RAFT and HITCHHIKER segments from terrible to good. I like Lois Chilis in the last segment. This is probably her best moment on screen, besides her role as Bond Hole Goodhead in the movie “MOONRAKER” and in “Death on the Nile”. But even her role is sometimes difficult to understand because of the useful direction and unfocused history. Should we hate her or sympathize with her? Should we sympathize with an annoying hitchhiker? If other people on the road discovered the body of a hitchhiker, then who was he when he attacked Chile? Was he a ghost or a zombie or something? How did the body ultimately leave the presence of other people who found it dead to attack Chile? All this is not very clear, even for a supernatural story. And the final is pretty boring and without incident. <br /> <br /> With regards to the infamous story of THE RAFT, acting is mostly on a terrible side, and none of the characters are responsive or interesting. Characters would be more interesting if the actors played themselves. None of the actors are convincing in their specific roles. Paul Satterfield looks smarter than the fool he plays, and the actress who plays her friend is not very convincing, like a typical whore. She seems too timid. The same can be said about the other two, who play "simple" teenagers. The idea of ​​a deadly oil spill is interesting and creepy, but not very well executed. In this story there should have been a fifth character, perhaps a homeless person or a ranger who hides around the lake and knows about the oil slick and could be a kind of alter-ego water monster. No matter how scary it is, like an oily stain, it does not make for an irresistible "character." And as the story ends, everything seems meaningless. Nothing wrong with that. <br /> <br /> With the exception of a few tense moments that always seem boring, it's worth seeing that CREEPSHOW 2 in the theater is basically a waste of money and time. CS 2 is more rent than what you pay to see on the big screen.
