I might not be a big fan of the original "Creepshow", but its cheesy sequel makes this anthology look like perfection! And to think that I am going to this, expecting that this one will be even more pleasant. Five years after his predecessor, George Romero returns on board the route in the style of EU comics, and on this walk presents the script for three stories of Steve King. However, the direction passed to Michael Gornik. The film in this aspect is mostly intermittent with Gornik's uneven brushes. But much of the blame would have to go to Romero’s horribly static and unbearably raspy script (especially in those dialogs going through the first and last story). Moralistic messages (which came mainly from sour characters) simply adopted black humor. Oh, it was painful, and the same can be said about the lively rotten music accompanying the picture. The weak linking of three stories (Old Chief Woodenhead, The Raft and The Hitchhiker) together is a slightly curious and effective story told in an animated form of nostalgia (the 1980s). I rather liked this segment, and the mysterious character Creep was a luminous light. <br /> <br /> The first story “Old Chief Woodhead” tells about two elderly owners (George Kennedy and Dorothy Lamur) from a general store in the dying local community Dead River. Rob and eventually kill a couple of punks dying to live in Hollywood. Before the store is a wooden statue of the leader of the Indians, who comes to avenge their death. <br /> <br /> - Listen to George Kennedy's Waffle Scholarship. And 10 minutes chatting about how he is devoted to his “great” community. What a pleasant touching time. Well, in the same way as Kennedy’s speeches, this one is monotonously colorless and unnecessarily motley, which never turns into a good premise. A strong script is simply meaningless, and the performances - respectively. These two factors really intensified my headache. When an Indian comes to life and turns into an avenger, rogues meet a very quick (albeit terrible) death in the proper way. The effect was commendable, but what about this loosely flowing hair. How could Hollywood push that strand of hair back? Ugh! <br /> <br /> # The second story “The Raft” tells about a group of smoking addicts and teenagers heading for a secluded lake. After sailing to a raft in the middle of a lake, they fall into a trap on the platform due to the sinister-looking creature lurking in the water. <br /> <br /> - Now this is much better, MUCH better. What begins with your main teens running turns into a mysteriously eerie atmosphere, full of tension and claustrophobia. And it does not even cope with flashes of nudity or evil splashes. It is quite painful, and it also applies to a sense of humor. The surprisingly ironic ending has a beautiful touch to it. The performances from "nobody" are acceptable, leaving no huge traces. Direction Gornik sticks to an unpleasant and rather sticky side. Although an alarming score about this put pressure on the correct chords. A sludge-like creature in the lake (as many have already mentioned) looks like a nasty black tarpaulin (yes, you read correctly!) Floating on the water. <br /> <br /> # At last number three ends with "Hitchhiker". A rich but sexless woman returns home after her male gigolo, but she is late. Thinking of some ideas, to explain her being late if necessary, she slipped off the road and accidentally hitchhiked. Instead of checking or getting help, she leaves in the hope of returning home in front of her husband. Soon enough, it is terrorized by the mutilated dead body of a hitchhiker. <br /> <br /> -Not terrible, but I really did not get into this ridiculous ridiculous exercise at all. Compared to the first two, this one was so different in tone and instead tried to tickle a funny bone. Lois Chilis was okay in the lead role, but this constant confidence and the little talk she had with her was getting aggravated and completely tired. Bright makeup effects are well displayed and penetrate vision. When she hits, she is a hitchhiker, and then she becomes restless, tender and excessive in her performance. From this point on, we endlessly hear our supposedly dead hitchhiker repeats and repeats ?? and repeat the line: “Thank you for the lady’s trip!” This happens every time she decides to move him. Have a little courtesy to the dead road. <br /> <br /> In general, the second story “Raft” and unpleasant, well-designed effects - this is what raises this extremely worst sequel.
