We were all there, sitting with friends, watching a bad movie, laughing at how bad it was done and how bad it was; in the end, the credits roll, and everyone looks around and says, “How was this movie made? Who paid the money to turn this script into a feature film? ”Well, Jigsaw is not such a film, instead of asking how this garbage was included in the budget, you wonder why the creators were blown out of a cannon in the sun. Yes, Jigsaw is perhaps the worst film ever created or conceived from a guy who saw The Tale of the Fire and The Feverish Lake. The film begins in some college class, which class I'm not sure in, but this is an imaginary art lesson. Now these assholes received the final draft from their idiot teacher, five of them got dummy pieces, and they were ordered to invent it as they see fit, and since there are only five items that other students in the class receive and Machine A Oddly enough, there are only six students in the whole class, so one gothic chic gets a free A, good for her! A week goes by, and five students, plus a teacher and one courageous husband, meet at the bar to discuss them and complete their project, they collect parts, head, arms, legs and tell others why they chose their specific projects, now these creative geniuses used all its benefits to the full: one puts the saw blade in his left hand, the other gets a cut-off shotgun, a heap of broken ceramics is glued on his right leg, and on the left - several magazine clippings, head The worst camera in the eye, ala Hellraiser 3, with several bottle rockets for the stylish hawk. After they all made fun of their design features, now the drunken teacher says that they have to burn the dummy, now definitely named Jigsaw. Up to this point, it was an ordinary horrible movie fair, a bad game, dialogs and everything else, but it was still pretty plausible, but after Jigsaw caught fire, things turned to worse ... Jigsaw comes to life .. How do you ask? I have no idea, he just does it, because the authors could not come up with a realistic way of reviving plastic at two pounds (well, a flash of light, a traveling voodoo priest, everything could work). Therefore, as soon as Jigsaw comes to his senses, he uses his new abilities to walk very slowly and on the go with his cast fingers to wreak havoc. First, he kills a tough guy with the help of barbed wire, this guy who was going to put him on with hot chic, decides to drink ground beer at a distance, more important than what is in front of him. When he is gone, Jigsaw shoots a sexy girl in the face, and then lightly strokes the old man with a heart attack, then he notices an obscene-looking southern woman, and then her husband with unapproachable courage; Then jigsaw kills nerdy with insane deception. Did I mention that Jigsaw removed parts of his body from his victims to make a human version of himself? Not! Well, it does not matter that they do not even show his terrible creation, they do not even show how he stole the torso from his poor creators (perhaps he tried to create the main detective story from In Living Color). Thus, after these five were killed, the teacher and the nerd are all who stayed, the teacher finds out that Jigsaw needs only a head to complete his masterpiece, since he is still not interested in this torso. Thus, being a coward, he is a teacher who sacrifices a girl with Jigsaw, who comes only for the teacher with his electric saw, which is not even connected. This is where the fucking movie ends, we don’t. I don’t even see how the teachers are being killed or what happens to the girl, not to mention why Jigsaw came to life or how it washed out after it was burned. This film is so shameful that it can also be seen, just 71 minutes, so this is a small part of your day; For memories of a lifetime, Jigsaw, Jigsaw, Jigsaw. Thank you Total Recall! The judge ruled, follow Lobby only if your plans to sever your genitals seem to be fulfilled.
