This film really disappointed me. The game is terrible. Incredible. And this is about the actors. The story is incredibly obvious: a group of independent actors puts the game "Passion", and, in turn, they begin to live the life of the characters they play. Recently, I watched a lot of movies, thanks to Netflix, and this is the first movie that I haven't watched for a long time. I felt that I did not need to see the end; we all know the end of the story. <br /> <br /> For some, it seems that this “modernization” of the Gospels is blasphemous or enlightening. I cannot speak to any of this, for I was not raised in the Christian church. At the same time, I grew up in the USA and live in an increasingly Christian culture. I’m curious enough about Jesus and about modernizing religion, for better or for worse. I have not seen Mel Gibson's version, but I think that those who like it will like it, with the exception of the most conservative. I wish it was the best movie. <br /> <br /> In many reviews, Arkanda’s direction and especially cinematography are praised. I did not like one or the other. The film itself is quite boorish and preaching. I did not believe the characters of the characters and never participated in their lives on the screen. The play in the play is very outdated and, I think, will not have its weight in real time. But this is irrelevant. What I really need for this to work would be a stronger development of the characters and plot to support the philosophical and theological questions that the film would like to tell about. And the musical choice is obvious and unoriginal. <br /> <br /> There were two examples that easily come to mind. First, the parable of Jesus casting out creditors from the temple is recreated: the lead actor who fell in love with the woman who will play Magdalen, as well as the model and the dancer, is enraged that she should humiliate the audition for advertising (with an evil producer and many breathless men in the audience) no pants. He defeated this place and drove them all. I guess this is the level the film wants to achieve. The romance between the two is completely arbitrary and not at all emotionally realized, and the scene is played out as rendering “The Death of a Salesman” in high school, that is, not very well. Please stop hitting me in the head with this arrogant "value." The other is the relationship between another woman leader and a priest who asked them to play a play and who, in the end, turned against them and betrayed them to the now corrupted Church. What for. Why is she sleeping with this guy? "It gives him so much pleasure, and I have so little pain." Ah, holy whore and pretty old coot. It seems that Arkanda is enough to show, but you should not work hard to enrich and revitalize these characters. They go through the motions, and I reach for the eject button. <br /> <br /> Feel free to write me off from boredom, exhausted or just uninteresting. Feel free to watch this movie and see the passion in all its beauty, sadness and inspiration, manifested as an amateur and useless charade. Feel free to have all your preconceived ideas confirmed and see any piece of artistic integrity left for monotonous nonsense. But do not say that I did not warn you.
