It’s hard to say if Noonan and Marshall try to imitate Abbott and Costello, Martin and Lewis, Curly and Larry or some other comedy team, but whoever they try to emulate, they failed. In this incredibly stupid picture, a faint laugh is hardly audible. Noonan (who helped write the supposed “script”) and Marshall have no chemistry; Marshall seems to be trying to come to hell with Dean Martin, although he doesn’t come close. God knows what Noonan thought he was doing, but to be funny, of course, was not the case. He seems to think that he is clapping and kicking and stupidly staring at everyone, and all this is the top of the comedy screen; it is possible for him, but not for the audience. I remember seeing it in cinemas when it came out. It was at the bottom of a double count with a three year old Jeff Chandler ("Pillars of the Sky", which was pretty good) and a short Three Stones ("Sappy Bullfighters", which was not), and after about 20 minutes all the children in the audience threw things on the screen ; it was so amazingly funny that it didn't even fit the worst of Three Stooges shorts. I stayed there until the end (not what I wanted, but my people shouldn’t have to pick me up until the film ended), and by the time this mess ended, I was the only one in the theater, One evening I saw it again about 15 years ago by telegram and stopped to see if it was as bad as I remembered. It was worse. The only thing he had was Julie Newmar, who was as hot as ever; besides her, this thing has absolutely NOTHING to recommend. These two also play Japanese soldiers, and the way they do it makes Jerry Lewis's infamous game with Japanese characters as thick lenses, with big teeth, exhausted by mental defects compared to them. Marshall continued to make Hollywood Squares, and Noonan continued to try his hand at making films, but most of them were almost as bad as this one. Not really, however, since I don't think ANYTHING can be as bad as this. A truly pathetic waste of film. Do not waste your time on this.
