“Kings and Queen” is a bloated French drama that lasts infinitely two hours and thirty-two minutes without any discernible purpose or goal. <br /> <br /> In the film, two stories that initially seem to be unrelated, but that eventually connect with each other about halfway through the movie. The first tells about Nora and her struggle with various men in her life, including an elderly father, who discovers that he has only a few days left to live. Another story concerns a young man named Ismael, a violinist who turns out - unfairly, in his opinion - in a psychiatric hospital due to the machinations of an unknown third person. Having passed through different tracks for some time, these two narrative threads eventually merged when we learned that Ismael was Nora's former lover and the person she chose to adopt her son from earlier tragic relationships. <br /> <br /> With a bit more focus and significant innovation, Kings and Queen could be a powerful, exciting drama about contemporary relationships. These are certainly moments of tremendous insight and emotional power, and the performances are, for the most part, complex and moving. But in general, the film is so tortuous and perverted that, frankly, it begins to destroy our patience and wear it at an early stage. Even more distressing is the fact that, although we are holding what seems to be a light eternity in the company of these people, we really do not know what to do with one of them when the show finally ends. For example, Nora's father on his deathbed writes a withering diatribe against the character of his daughter, who simply does not laugh at the woman we have been looking at for more than two hours. Nora, admittedly, is not Mother Teresa (then, again, who?), But she definitely does not deserve an offensive throw at her by her own father. Nora can be blamed for being embarrassed, indecisive, and at times a little self-absorbed, but is it evil enough that her father wants him to give her cancer and make her die instead of him? I do not think so. <br /> <br /> Perhaps this film just works at that level of depth, which I could not understand. But I suspect that even writer Roger Bohbot and co-author / director Arnaud Desplein would have had a hard time explaining their whole purpose here. This is a well-played, pretentious, boring film that sends the viewer on a long, rambling journey through a sea of ​​personal crises, a journey that does not leave him wiser or enlightened at the end than he was at the beginning.
