“Rois et Reine” is a promiscuous film that will probably annoy as many viewers as it delights. He takes turns focusing on the former lovers Nora (Emanuel Devos) and Ismaela (Mathieu Amalric), since each of them faces a serious crisis in his now separate life. While the story of Nora is played out straight and gloomy in tone, the story of Ismael is mostly for laughter, although this is not particularly funny. Nora's crisis is caused by the deadly illness of her father Louis (Maurice Garrell), and Ismael - by his sudden imprisonment in a psychiatric hospital on the initiative of a mysterious third party. Ismael and Louis are only two of the men who formed the life of Nora, and in turn were formed by her, the most famous others were her now deceased first lover Pierre and their little son Elias. As events of the past and the present are played out for the audience, and former lovers again participate in each other’s life, it gradually turns out that Nora’s personal perception of her life story may be less reliable than it seems at first glance. <Br /> <br /> Cult director Arnaud Desplehan brought here a significant quirk that caused great praise in France. He deliberately avoids the established narrative agreement and develops the film through a series of dramatic changes in mood and tone. If this approach was based on a consistent unifying main idea or theme on which it could work, but in the end it is not clear what exactly Despleschino’s film really is about. Clumsy allusions to Freud's Greek mythology and theory are obviously filled with meaning, but, at least for this uneducated movie-goer, they remain less than helpful in illuminating and interpreting the characters' lives. In other cases, the treatment turns into kitsch, but using the anode “Moon River” as the melody of the film’s theme suggests that this is probably intentional. <br /> <br /> ** Spoiler alert ** I suspect that the main theme of the film is not a very original observation that how we see ourselves may differ radically from how others see us, or even from how we think others see us. This idea is most obviously presented in the film by the violent death of Pierre and the revelation contained in Louis’s secret diary, but unfortunately both events seem completely unrelated to what was otherwise revealed to the audience by the corresponding relationship between Pierre and Louis with Nora. This seems to be a hoax on the part of Desplechin, as if he was imposing an idea on us in a straightforward form, and does not illustrate it more subtly in the natural course of the narration. One or two darkly surrealistic touches imply the presence of an alternative, but mostly unconscious, world of people who are frighteningly naked, but again they feel more like pretentious invasions of filmmaking techniques than eruptions from a deeper source of truth inherent in history. In fact, despite all the rude hints of depth, the characters are curiously underdeveloped and devoid of information, as if they function more like ciphers for many of their creator's ideas about people, rather than like real people themselves. Most of the details of their lives seem arbitrarily applied, rather than organic. For example, Ismael, as we are constantly reminded, is a violist, but it takes more than two hours before we actually see or hear him play, and the influence of his chosen instrument or profession on his personality is never specified. Therefore, he can also be a marine biologist or trapezoid artist. <br /> <br /> Amalric adds a certain insane charm to the upset, but ultimately sane Ishmael, but I found that Devos is solitary and monotonous (which can be deliberate), like the elusive Nora. Meanwhile, Jean-Paul Roussillon as Ismael’s father, Elsa Waliaston as his psychoanalyst, and Magali Wahl as mentally wounded, but the defiant sinologist with whom he is friends at the hospital, have the greatest influence among the characters. Catherine Deneuve is also involved in this, although her role is slightly more than a self-referential cameo. <br /> <br /> Ultimately, “Rois et Reine” has a very acquired taste. If you fail to press your buttons, it is highly likely that Desplechin’s unruly and careless approach will upset and piss off even if you somehow continue to observe.
