This is another of the features of "people against insects / eco-horror"; a topic that was popular in the late 70s. Only you can't call it horror. There are no expectations and no horrible events. In other words: this film is pretty lame. The point is not that it is really bad or something like that; it's just very boring. A construction site near the hotel reveals a large nest of ants. Later we find out that, probably because of the different types of pesticides used in the past, their bite became poisonous. Some people are bitten and rushed to the hospital, and hospital residents need time to understand what is happening. First, Robert Foxworth finds out, and then you can see how he goes crazy with a digging machine for a few hours. Then they run into the house, waiting to be rescued. And, man, you should see all the efforts they are making to save them. I will not spoil much, but at one point they even use a large helicopter. All the time when I watched it, I sat there and thought: “Come on, folks, you are all wearing shoes. Just run out of the building. I am sure that a group of ants will not catch up with you. ” All this is pretty ridiculous. <br /> <br /> Of course, throughout the film, many close-ups of crawling ants are shown. Ants in the garden. Ants in the trash. Ants in the kitchen. Ants on the roof. Ants in the bedroom. Ants in the sink. And the best part: the ants crawl over the faces of people, while the actors breathe through a straw. But when you see groups of ants in wider pictures, they really look like black rice, which designers glued to the wall. <br /> <br /> One little surprise came to an end. No, it has nothing to do with the plot. Just Brian Dennehy appeared as the main firefighter. Uh ... What else can I say? This film is called “It Happened at Lakewood Manor”, ​​but on the cover of my copy was written “ANTS”, and during the opening title the title was “Panic at Lakewood Manor”. There you have it. Now, since this is a 70s television film, I will again be very soft in my final rating. Now, Bee Bees, another 1976 television film People Against Insects, was much better than this. I even feel that I have to go back and add a few points to my rating after seeing the ANTS. Having no tension, action, thrills, shocks and eeriness, the only thing left for you after seeing ANTS is an irritating itch.
