The only thing that I liked about this film was that it was just SIMPLY enough to keep me in the chair to the end ... I kept thinking that maybe in the NEXT scene everything would be better ... Alas .. . <br /> <br /> Those who like Gus Van Santa’s films, especially his later ones, will probably like it. Personally, I find Van Sant films dull, pretentious and light. Well, he was the executive producer of this film, so it’s not surprising that he could almost be filmed by him, although I personally liked it more than the latest works by van Sant (for example, The Elephant). <br /> <br /> Contrary to many here, I did not think that the film was difficult to understand or divided, I thought that first of all it is a film that wants to portray a certain mood - the mood of a teenager, slowly moving into the world of adults - but so slowly that the changes are barely noticeable, if at all. But I feel that the problem with the film is that the “mood” is not enough ... and not only that, but also that the mood drawn here, in my opinion, is incorrectly chosen for the story that is supposedly happening. It is characterized by a fabulous quality, which is so closely connected with nature, but this mood, which is much more related to a much younger child, who is really still completely immersed in observing the unfolding nature (waves on the beach). , grass and flowers, spiders, etc.). The rhythm of the film reminds me of summer when I was eight or nine years old. There is a LANGUAGE in the film that contradicts the fact that it MUST be a very busy time in teenage life. When you are in love with someone - or become an object of bullying at school - you are something BUT languid! There are only two things that really worked for me in the film ... SPOILERS HERE - first, when Logan throws groceries, and his mother rises a little. The disappointment of an adult dealing with an obscene child, especially without a father, seemed real to me. <br /> <br /> The second, and ONLY part of the film, in which there was some kind of tension, were scenes where Leah (recreating Logan himself) calls Rodeo and tries to seduce him into having sex on the phone. The first reason I liked it was that the person who voiced Leah was the most convincing actor in the whole film. (It made me think of Claire Danes from my so-called life ... the voice even sounded like Claire.) She and Rodeo had the only scenes that seemed absolutely believable between the children. And what I particularly liked was that Rodeo only pretended to be playing together ... it was probably the best moment in the film, like ... finally! - we have some character development. <br /> <br /> In general, a somewhat inappropriate effort ... we will need to see what he does in his next film before we can really say a lot about the director’s possible talents. Meanwhile, if he can avoid the influence of Van Santa, it can bring him a world of good. Who is this director at all - one of the toys of van Sant?
