Just a terrible slasher made from “I KNOW THAT YOU ARE LAST SUMMER” food has wonderful rich college students spending spring breaks in a Florida condominium who kill one by one. Ignition skipping in every category imaginable, from well-formed wait to deadly episodes. Nothing is handled properly, and the characters leave little more than the cartoons that you get to see destroyed as quickly as possible. Del Tenney (“The Curse of a Living Corpse; I Eat Your Skin”), of all the people, producers, collaborators, and stars in the role of priest in the key role, whose attitude toward the killer, I suppose, means something to his psychosis. The killer's revelation is awkwardly processed and ineffective, probably not surprising that the soul is watching this. There are many attempts to scare, one character jumped out to scare his friend, who could not even make some cheap thrills because they are so calculated in such a cool way. Most of the attacks occur behind the scenes with bleeding cuts in the throat (... or puddles), which are the only real manifestation of violence. The protracted finale in which the killer continues with the actor desperately trying to make his villain as devilish and insane as possible is embarrassing and not annoying. There is not a single positive result that can be learned from this boring and boring exercise, when the handsome cast does not make any special efforts to overcome their one-dimensional roles. And for God's sake, they could at least allow us to see Joey Lawrence beheaded, or something, to withstand the suffering of sitting in this pile of junk for 90 agonizing minutes. <br /> <br /> Dory Barton, the last heroine, Beth Morgan, whose killer seems to be obsessed, can not be more meaningless and uninteresting (oh, she was in rehab and taking pills from her nightmares; such intriguing exposure ). Chad Allen, who opposes the type as a very frightening "friend" of the group (who accidentally disappears first from the film, putting forward the idea that he is the first victim), has a firm rise to rise with his role, so Steep, he eventually stumbles, rolling uncontrollably, and no end in sight. Jeff Conavey, who, I believe, needs money, is besieged for the role of an FBI agent, the murder of whose daughter prompts him to search for the killer and take him to Florida. Jack McGee performs his usual $$$ role, being a smart Florida police chief, who often meets with Conavey's agent. <br /> <br /> Oh, the answer to the name question ... not really. Because, as soon as you get an answer, you will wonder why you are still worried about it.
