The film began with Wheeler sneaking into his girlfriend's apartment. Her aunt (Edna May Oliver - a man too talented for this film) didn’t like Wheeler - a feeling that I can easily get involved with. Aunt decided to take this lovely young lady abroad to take her away from Wheeler. They left, and Wheeler invested in the revolution in the little mythical kingdom, because they promised to make him their king. At about the same time, Woolsey was in the same little mythical kingdom, and he became king. Therefore, when Wheeler arrived, the guys had to fight him, but they refused, because they were already friends - which was very disappointing to people, since killing and replacing kings was a national pastime. <br /> <br /> I’m a big fan of the comedy from the Golden Age of Hollywood - a silent era before the 1940s. I saw and watched hundreds, if not thousands of these films, and yet, despite my love and appreciation for these films, I could not understand the appeal of Wheeler and Woolsey - the only comedy team that could be as bad as Ritz. Brothers! Despite the fact that they were very successful in their short career in Hollywood (interrupted by the early death of Robert Woolsey), I can not help but notice that almost every other successful team did the same basic ideas, but much better. For example, in this film there were many elements resembling the film Marx Brother, DUCK SOUP, but CRACKED NUTS never made me laugh, and DUCK SOUP was a silly and very pleasant romp. At times, Woolsey spoke a bit like Groucho, but in his jokes there were never any highlights, even remotely funny ones! In fact, he just seemed pointless. His only ridiculous quality was that he looked stupid — of course, there was not enough reason to film him. In addition, Wheeler had a comedic appeal of a piece of cheese - a piece of cheese that sang very badly! A missed opportunity was the old Vaudeville routine, later popularized by Abbott and Costello as “who is ahead,” which was done in this film, but there was no spark of the mind, no time. In fact, soon after they started their game, they just finished the routine - so premature that you were left disappointed. I knew that the “first person” had been around for many years and was used by many teams, but I really wanted Wheeler and Woolsey to do it honestly and in their own way. <br /> <br /> Once again, I found another poor-quality film of this duet. Although I have to admit that I liked some of their films a bit (such as SILLY BILLIES and THE RAINMAKERS - which I actually gave 6 points on IMDb), this test was a serious endurance test - something I find It happens all too often when I watch the films of Wheeler and Woolsey. Where was all the humor ?!
