Final score: 1.8 (out of 10) <br /> <br /> After watching the movie “Jay and the Silent Bob Strikes Back,” I must have gotten a big blow from Eliza Dushku when I made this film. “Soul Survivors” is a “psychological thriller,” dressed up like a trashy teenager, even to such an extent that the killer in the mask appears the cast of such young people as Dushku, Wes Bentley (American beauty), Casey Affleck (Sinking Mona) and cute star Melissa Sagemiller. Luke Wilson is also there, ridiculously mistaken as a priest. The film, the brainchild of screenwriter / director Steven Carpenter, looks like the mutant offspring of "Open Your Eyes" or "Vanilla Sky" and films where the character (and the audience) fall into the world of illusions caused by an accident / death. The film continues to confuse confusing images and leaves us confused all the time until this alternate reality is finally resolved. I do not think that these films are so interesting - by their very nature - from the very beginning, but “SS” is the cheapest cheap cinema, no matter where you are. Visual effects, screenplay, acting and the attempt of any originality - all this rejects the memories of such films. In addition, it is PG-13, so that it does not even deliver blood or T & A to withstand it as a guilty pleasure (even without a rating, the manual version). I heard that in the film there was some kind of “hot” scene in the shower between Dushka and Sagemiller. When the film fell apart in front of me, and all the other entertainment seemed to be lost, I waited patiently for a scene in the shower — at least I would get some of it. Then it comes: two girls get paint on their shirts, they jump in the shower fully dressed and wash it. That's all. People thought it was hot? “Surviving Souls” is one of those awesomely boring films that is so weak and incompetent that it’s difficult to feel any feelings for it at all. It gives nothing and is hardly worth writing. In the end it leaves us empty. Carpenter's finale is a mess of flashing light and a knocking sound, and this is probably the most lively part. No doubt, he will be running the rounds as a nightly program in the USA or on the Sci-Fi channel because of his low cost and PG-13 rating - and this is probably better for him.
