The world is facing inevitable destruction, and a suicide mission is sent to the Sun to prevent a catastrophe by firing a bomb into its fiery heart: yes, this is the Sunny Crisis, aka the 2050 Crisis, which burned a huge chunk of changes that are never visible on the screen. In 1990, he came back barely enough to buy “Happy Food” for each of the actors in Japan, before going straight to the video (remember them?) In an edited version credited to one Alan Smith. The plot is almost the same as that of the "Sunshine" - a suicide mission on the Sun, a saboteur on board, a logical cast along the current - except that this time they are trying not to rekindle the Sun, but to prematurely explode a solar flare before will reach Earth. With a talking bomb. Voiced by Paul Williams. Who wants to be promoted so that the team takes him more seriously? Considering that the cast also includes Jack Palans in his craziest OTT, Charlton Heston in his most tough top-ship Tim Mathison in his most anonymous, unforgettable Michael Berriman from the original Hills Have Eyes (you may not remember the name, but you Remember this face) and Peter Boyle as an industrialist to sabotage the mission, because if it succeeds, the world will be saved, but its share price will fall, you expect, if not a moment of laughter, at least every video laugh. No joy. This is the worst kind of bad movie: boring. The fate of the world may hang in the balance, but the entire film is shot with a complete lack of urgency or impulse at the same unchanging deadly slow pace. There is a low-key and goes on it, but here the actors do not even do it. Instead, they just stand and look at the screens almost in the dark most of the time. You keep hoping that Paul Williams' talking bomb will suffer from an existential crisis, but instead the film is just ... standing there, doing nothing. Literally. Is this one of the most inert films in history? so inert that if Clive Owen were played, he would look almost alive by comparison. Even a poorly explained attempt at suicidal repair cannot arouse interest in the work, since this is mainly happening, yes, the cast simply stands still, looking at the screens in the dark. Even when a bomb prematurely counts time to launch, do they cope with a new crisis? standing still, looking at the screens in the dark, as if they were all the time in the world. In the films "Trade Ivory" there are the best action films. <br /> <br /> There is not so much living on Earth, where the film spends most of the time on the son of Mateson / grandson of Chuck Korin Nemek trying to give him a ride to the space center through the arid landscape with insane artist Palance "looking for this note there, while the chicks are still digging me, ”while he is being held back by the deviations from the madness of Mad Max and the evil corporate costumes that hunt him down so that they can ?? let him go on a nice beach. Just do not expect logic, if you have not guessed it yet. The best moment? A cheesy girl in a bar describing Jack Palans as "an old man with white hair and a face that looks like rotting skin", although Chucky Baby takes out a villain's plane from a bazooka, thrown out of the thigh from an office window, or is beaten by a barge who loves it takes the desired pieces of camp in the film, which for 99% of its duration offers a lot of psychos. Richard S. Sarafian's slightly longer original video, played in Japan, offers an additional six minutes, but requires a reduction to a more manageable 17 minutes: the director of Vanishing Point must have thanked his lucky stars when re-editing gave him an excuse to remove it name from the movie. The film is so bad that it is not good, and, unfortunately, not funny with him
