I did not think it was as bad as some people do. It runs as one of those raw horror films with which you can spend time in the middle of the night when you can't fall asleep, although admittedly, this is not a better quality than this. It's true that acting is not great - I thought that Marianne McAndrew in the role of Katie Beck, for example, looked completely impassive - but the main problem is that some aspects of the plot really didn't make sense to me. The Becks are on a trip that John (Stuart Moss) called part of the work, and partly a honeymoon, which they never had (now it's romantic!). The working part is somehow connected with the touring caves, which in itself sounds strange (how to be part of the tourist group through the cave are connected with someone else's work?), But it becomes weird when we find out that he is a doctor who conducts research in the field of preventive medicine (yes? This connection completely lost me). Bitten by the bat while it is in the cave it begins to turn into what I thought was supposed to be a hybrid of a bat man (although when we finally see it in makeup, it looks more like a monkey man) and the killing begins. Here is another problem. The first murder is a nurse in the hospital. At first everyone thinks that her death was an accident. The second murder is a young girl who is said to have a throat pulled out. Then the sheriff (Michael Pataki) tells us that her death was similar to the death of a nurse (meaning that her throat was broken? - How could someone think that it was an accident?) And what about the sheriff? He looks pretty stupid before the scene in Katie’s hotel room, when he takes a sip of liquor, and then almost rapes her, after which everything seems to bounce back. He is saddled with a finale that left almost everything unsolved, as well as one of the most annoying songs I've ever heard in a movie. Despite all this, there was something here that made me look. Sometimes pure fun can take you to an hour and a half. Yes, pretty bad, but not as bad as some say.
