"The Bat People" is a proud resident of IMDb Bottom 100. From time to time, the film suddenly disappears from the infamous list, depending on whether there are any starring Paris Hilton films or American Idol star documentaries, but it is always reliable returns sooner or later. And why? Because, unlike most of the crap on this list, The Bat People is a legitimate bad movie, and it deserves to be there, regardless of any media influence or Internet noise! This is probably the worst film ever made, since the basic concept certainly has a certain charm and ingenuity, but it’s still indescribably difficult to live through all this. The script is incredibly boring, with absolutely unnecessary indents and gigantic spaces in continuity, and yet the main characters remain completely strangers throughout the film. In addition to a reasonable script, the film also lacks exciting killing episodes and makeup effects. although courtesy of young Stan Winston ?? ludicrously inept and mostly invisible until the end of the film The name of the film is inaccurate, since “people” are a plural number, whereas the story actually rotates on only one person with a bat. Much more than Bruce Wayne, the real Batman plays in this film, and he also has the real Bat Cave and Bat-Mobile (stolen ambulance)! The plot introduces a young couple with their caves in the honeymoon-weekend. They leave the group for excursions, and he is bitten by a bat, trying to protect his wife from the evil attack of the animal. Concerned that he may be infected with rabies, he undergoes intensive treatment at a local hospital, but this does not prevent him from slowly turning into a bloodthirsty flying creature. At night, he kills random people and enjoys a suspicious police sergeant, while his loving wife is still strongly convinced that the awkward behavior is due exclusively to allergic reactions to the treatment of rabies. Of course expensive! The script never explains why the bat attacks people, and why John always turns into an ordinary person at the dawn of a new day, rather than gradually becoming a permanent state of bat guano. So, in essence, “The Bat People” is a variation of the good old werewolf theme, but, obviously, not very interesting. The concept showed great potential, but for some reason the plot is based on whining drunks and perverted sheriffs, not horrible monsters. Some settings and external shooting locations look impressive, the discrepancy song played during the credits is strangely memorable, there is a lot of smell during the climax (finally!), And it’s amazing to watch the main actress Marianne Macandrew (though not listening to). The current listing of this really bad and boring movie in the top 100 is the number 80, and I personally hope that it will stay somewhere in this region. The list is simply not felt and traditional without The Bat People.
