Hello, Mary Lou: Evening prom II begins at the prom of Hamilton High School in 1957, where Mary Lou Maloney (Lisa Srage) cheats on her date to Bill Nordham (Steve Atkinson) with Bad Cooper (Robert Lewis). Bill is recognized and devastated, and Mary Lou is declared queen of 1957 and goes on stage to accept the award. Bill, still offended, decides to play a practical joke with Mary Lou, so he throws fireworks at the scene, but the still-lit fuse catches Mary Lou's dress, setting him and her on fire, for a few seconds Mary Lou toast. 30 years later, Hamilton High will soon hold its annual prom night. Bill (Michael Ironside) is now in charge, he has a teenage son named Craig (Justin Louis), who meets with Vicki Carpenter (Wendy Lyon) and both are planning to go to the prom together. Bad (Richard Monette) is now a priest, on that terrible night 30 years ago, both Bill and Bud are still persecuted. One day, Vicki inspects the school basement when she discovers a large chest that she opens, and this turns out to be a bad move, as Mary Lou Lou's vengeful spirit is freed and intends to claim her crown as prom queen and in her spare time will avenge her untimely death. First, Jess Browning (Beth Gondek), whose death is reduced to suicide, Mary Lou begins to seize the body of Vicky, as the night of the prom is approaching. After holding some competition in the form of Kelly Hennenlotter (Terri Hawkes), who is trying to fix the prom to win. Mary Lou in the body of Vicky - the crowned queen of Hamilton graduates, who allows Mary Lou herself to return from the dead, to suddenly appear and really liven up the party ... <br /> <br /> Having absolutely no connection with the original prom ( 1980) and directed by Bruce Pittman. I thought, “Hello, Mary Lou: Prom II” was not a particularly good movie. Ron Oliver's script is more focused on supernatural elements, and not on cheap teenage slasher themes, whether this is a good or bad decision, will depend on your expectations, I suppose. Personally, I discovered that these different elements really are not glued together at all and do not work so well together. The whole movie was too slow to be truly enjoyable, after the introductory episode in which Mary Lou dies, no one dies before the half hour mark, and then the film lasts another half hour, until Vicki is finally obsessed and the movie finally gains momentum the culmination of the moment when the evil Mary Lou kills a whole one person at the prom before she is supposedly defeated, give horror films fans, you expected the cliche “the killer is not dead and ready for the end of the sequel,” right? ? Do not expect that there will be only five in the body, and none of them will be particularly graphic, although I liked how Monica (Beverly Hendry as Beverly Hendry) tried to hide in a locker in the shower room that Mary Lou broke, which led to Monica's poverty. blood oozing. The supernatural side of Hello Mary Lou: Prom Night II is Vika, who has a lot of hallucinations for the first hour, and Mary Lou, who controls objects in the final stages, including a couple of creepy rocking horses shots that come to life, the scene on the board is pretty good as it turns into water, and the hands of zombies pull into her wiki. Hello Mary Lou's slasher side: prom II is not outstanding, I liked Mary Lou herself because she releases the obligatory one-liners, and she made herself a good villain even if she fails to kill enough people. Oh, yes, I received due respect for other horror filmmakers, when almost all of the characters' names were shared with one, this obviously adds nothing to the film, but I suppose it is a nice touch. The action is fine, but usually trustworthy Michelle Ironside looks lost and uninterested almost as if he asks himself what he does in this and whether he will ever work again. Forget about any blood, someone is hanged, someone stabs with a crucifix that happens behind the scenes, someone pierced with neon light, a computer goes crazy and someone shocks (!?), And Mary Lou breaks out of her body Vicki at first like a rotting zombie, which was a pretty cool scene. There are several full frontal nudity shots in the soul of girls, if this is your thing. To pay tribute to her. Hi Mary Lou: prom night II can be watched, he has reasonable performance and is usually well made. Overall, I was disappointed Hello Mary Lou: prom II, it was too slow and ultimately unprecedented to keep my interest for almost 100 minutes. I'm not sure if he deserves a 3 or 4 star rating, I will give him 4, because there’s nothing particularly bad about it, I suppose, and I watched much worse films, but he just didn’t do anything for I’m afraid
