Truly worried, the cannibal psychopath John (Gary Kent, under the pseudonym Michael Brodie), who lives in a cave, pursues tourists who make an annoying mistake when going hiking in his desert. Steve (Dean Russell) and his boyfriend Charlie (John Battis) enter into a playful dispute with their wives, Sharon (Tomi Barrett, the late real wife of Gary Kent)) and Teddy (Ann Wilkinson) due to the fact that they survived in the campsite the woods themselves. In order to prove their point of view, the girls decided to go to the desert from Los Angeles to go hiking, making it difficult for their partners to such an extent that they would soon follow them. Fallen as a victim of John, Teddy is soon killed as Sharon runs after her life, as people arrive late in the desert because of the overheating of their truck. Frightened, tired and paranoid, Sharon receives very unusual help ... John's Ghost Children! That's right, the children of John remain in the desert, ghostly ghosts who spy on those who exist in the forest, especially loving Sharon, helping to lead her to safety and her friends. Meanwhile, Steve and Charlie soon find shelter from the rain and darkness of the night in the same cave where John lives. Cooking on a burning fire, meat actually boiling from Charlie's wife, Teddy! Not knowing, Charlie eats meat when he is offered by John, who finds strangers inside his home! Anyway, soon, worrying about their wives, Steve and Charlie decided to find them as their morning break. Meanwhile, John goes on a hunt with Charlie, Steve and Sharon in the struggle for survival. When Steve has a difficult fracture, stumbling between two massive stones over a flowing river, he will be disabled, only increasing such an already dreadful scenario, with Sharon, following her ghostly young friends to potential security ... they even, at one moment, Father beg them not to kill her. Charlie, unfortunately, does not have such friends. <br /> <br /> Directed by Donald Jones (who also wrote it and went broke financing the film) deftly shoots the film in such a breathtaking location in Sequoia National Park in California where these giant trees rise to enormous heights, and I basically I watch how the slasher works. For some strange reason, I didn’t really find the direction of Jones’s atmosphere very atmospheric ... there was no fear, although there are some rather alarming attacks by John using his knife (.. shot intelligently, Jones’s camera) offers more than what actually on the screen, but still somehow still achieves what John does with the victims). In such a picturesque landscape, in order to see the innocent people who are hunted by a maniac, this view enhances the horror. City dwellers try to spend a pleasant few days elsewhere, feel the smell of clean, fresh air, enjoy the beautiful view, but discover that they are being pursued by a creepy predator with a very frightening knife. By providing a background on why John is the monster he is, Jones allows us to witness his recollection of how he discovered his wife's adultery and reacted accordingly (.. she is also a ghost in the desert, looking for her children who wants to punish them for " disobedience ") for having killed her and her mistress in bed (.. the refrigerator repairman). The children, sad and depressed, have committed suicide and are now "stalking" the desert, still interacting with their children or anyone else. I understand that such a novelty as ghost children in a slasher is unique and appreciated by some, but I found this idea rather stupid and too stupid to take it seriously. They help our heroine avoid several potentially dangerous situations, but it was terribly difficult for me to keep from uncontrollable giggles. The music I found with the horror of the 80s, and the performances are not stunning. I mean that I could respond to the situation in which they find themselves, because it’s really terrible to be in an unfamiliar and hostile territory that is being hunted by someone who knows this area so well. I think that the film is in many ways similar to "NOT INCLUDED IN THE FOREST". ONE!, Except the FOREST has the aforementioned ghost children (... their voices are reflected when talking to Sharon, their father, or each other). Gary Kent looks like a dirty George Lucas, with frayed clothes and lost humanity. As I mentioned above, violence is not as bad as suggested, because director Jones is able to effectively cut off large knife penetrations, but how he sets the scenery leaves you quite unresolved (for example, Teddy's Murder, violence mostly looms on the surface a huge stone structure nearby, she asks John to stop and, having once stabbed, tries to crawl away from his predator only to finish him off; John the hanging corpse skins), I saw better and worse this type of slasher, he intentionally mediocre at best, with some spectacular scenery filmed. I do not think it is particularly memorable, except for ghost children.
