I mean all the little-known, missed, low-budget horror films that are waiting to be re-discovered in the DVD release, why choose THE FOREST? I love the ultra-small budget right on your home video or other alternative horror release. I love the horror hackers of the 80s. I like slashers from the backwoods with fools who roam at night to be chased, killed, and eaten by psychopaths. I am in favor of the idea that non-professionals work on a horror film as a way to penetrate the industry or just make a film because they want to make it. I am for using the public places found, not the actors, without the name talent behind the camera and in the studio. NO PROBLEMS! The most memorable image from the Forest is the first shot of a couple walking through the forest into the forest: we see them as tiny, vulnerable creatures entering a gloomy, gloomy world where people cannot be the top of the food chain or the most terrible predator. Then the film is immersed and never recovered - we briefly meet with a couple of tourists when they realize that they are being followed. They are separated, both killed, and then we meet the main characters of the film when they drive in a traffic jam. They meet with their friends and decide to go camping. The sounds of snoring fill the room when people who come to watch a movie with their mobile phones do not tell them how much the movie sucks. <br /> <br /> This movie is too slow, this movie is too boring, and this movie is too talkative. What would not be so bad if the authors gave people to say something other than the most stupid, stupid and unnecessary things. You know that your horror movie is in trouble when the character with the most interesting lines is a crazy park ranger who warns everyone against the Cannibal forest. And speaking of these “forests”, they look as far from civilization as overgrown wastelands beyond the football fields, only with large stones and a stream flowing through it. There are impressive pictures of the primeval forest, but there is no real feeling of being in the midst of it. If one of the characters just sits on the trail and waits long enough, someone will take a walk. <br /> <br /> What is worse in the film is that it does not cause a person’s interest: I don’t know who these couples are and don’t care what happens to them. The hermit hermit is uninteresting, even when she pretends to have seen freshly prepared meat from the feet of one of his victims, in order to bite her boyfriend terribly, who, as it turned out, is seeking refuge in his cave. The irony is that the embodiment of "delight." In conjunction with the deliberately sinister music of the synthesizer, cinema, which suspiciously reminds that someone tied the camera to a dog, and he watches people's movements, the lack of noticeable smell of blood, nudity, sinister thrills and unhealthy atmosphere, and what We are here, this is a horror film, which is not even as scary as in the educational TV show PBS, about how magnets work. <br /> <br /> I don’t mean to “distribute this” to the people behind this film, as they clearly entered the project with little or no effort to force themselves to be creative, and the result was another boring movie about some larva chases women through the forest with a knife. There is nothing wrong with this concept, what is wrong, this is an unimaginable and completely pedestrian way with which it was performed, even to a completely meaningless conclusion, when the film simply stops at 80 minutes. The best thing you can say about THE FOREST is that it ended relatively quickly, and there is no need to command a rerun - hence my confusion as to why someone feels the need to release a DVD. It was good, like the bizarre years of Prism video rental, and a DVD it would cost $ 5.99 a month before appearing on store shelves. It's almost impossible to see a movie unless you plan to create your own ultra-low budget hacker in a public park, where no one can charge you for filming. Here is an action guide to avoid. <br /> <br /> With all that was said and done, the film had one interesting sequence, or rather one sequence that was so pitiful and inept that it became a mystery. in another film: a madman comes home to find his wife in bed with a local contractor. He sends his beloved, armed with a kitchen knife, which looks as if it was made only for use in a horror film, and takes off for a stranger. The guy pushes into the corner and attacks his quarry, which bypasses and escapes only so that the psychotic materializes in his footsteps with a bigger, worse weapon. Psycho attack again, and the guy leaves. The psycho materializes again, and the boy leaves again. Then again! Finally, on the fifth attempt, the psyche confuses the guy in order to fall on some tricky device. How did he continue to materialize, armed with such a big weapon? Is there any supernatural element in this psyche? Since the film never clarifies, in any case, the scene is simply a mystery created to create some kind of tension. His goal remains unclear. The whole film is really such, existing without any need, and which should be created and executed in such a disfigured, uninteresting way that one cannot help but wonder what its meaning is. and there is enough evidence that if you can release a movie on DVD, it doesn’t mean that you should.
