The name of this little-known and (almost righteously) forgotten slasher of the 80s inevitably reminds me of the megamarket hit song The Cure with the same name, hence the text fragment in the heading section of this user comment. In addition, I had nothing more to say that it was useful. But, hey, “The Forest” is not completely hopeless and not even so bad. If nothing else, at least it obeys, admittedly, the unwritten, first rule of the 80s slasher: kill someone during the first 10 minutes of playing time. Of course, you’ve heard about the main premise of this film dozens of times before, but don’t let it discourage you from watching this movie, because “Forest” has a few things that can offer more than just an attractive sinister cover. This is actually a slightly atypical 80s slasher! The main characters are not ordinary brainless teenagers, and the script has a strong ambition for the supernatural. The concept is not always successful, not to mention believability, but it is more than interesting enough to hold your attention, and there are even a couple of surprisingly strong moments of tension and plot twists. Two couples decided to go hiking in the most isolated forest of California, but because of the stupid bet wives travel separately from their husbands. Barely tuned in at night, they receive strange visits from a mother searching for her two children, the children themselves, and finally a father who hunts human flesh. A crazy family may be real or imaginary, but women are definitely in danger, and by the time their husbands arrive, they have already disappeared. Men also face family, and they will learn more about the background of a little dysfunction. "Forest" - a strange and unusual film, if not more. This is not quite a masterpiece of the plot, but the completely strange atmosphere will surely please the unbiased horror fans of the 80s. The killings are pretty disgusting and set free, including a cut throat and an excruciating slaughter on the saw, and the filming locations are stunningly beautiful. The more you think about the plot and its unexpected turns, the less it makes sense, so I would simply advise you to enjoy this strange viewing while it lasts, not a minute. Acting is slightly above average, music is normal, and at least director Donald Jones (also responsible for "schoolgirls in the 70s" - "Schoolgirls in chains") tried to be a little more creative than most 80s horror films. It is a pity that in the end does not work.
