A terribly bad Christmas movie that has an equally badly bad performance of Vince Vaughn, who pays his usual boy, but this time for the children's film, but without the wit or charm that are in his R. rated films. autopilot, although most of the film, and he continues to face the walls with his lackluster performance. After 30 minutes of the film, you will be aware of your inner disaster and tell Bachumbag how ridiculous this film is, and after another 30 minutes you will want to get away from how intolerable the film has become at this moment. Of all the actors involved in this mess, only Paul Giamatti and Rachel Weiss contribute some life to promising subtle paper roles, and this is courageous because they are both too good for the actors to be in this film. Paul Giamatti brings some depth and warmth to the character of Saint Nick himself, but he is forced to bring Vaughn to the level of behavior of minors when they lead their sad struggle with brothers and sisters. It is clear from the face of Jamatti that he is not having fun with his role, and this is painfully manifested in some parts of the film. Rachel Weiss brings a sense of fun and spirit to her role, but she really doesn’t have a special character to work with, and you can see from her face that she is well aware of this, so much that she seems irritated in some parts of the film. Fortunately for her, she barely acts in film and can save some face, unlike Giamatti, who looks like she is going to fire her agent by the end of the film. The direction also seems boring, as if there is no sensation or flow, and it should be a festive movie, but in the end you get the feeling that you are just looking at the quaint show of the widow who is being demolished. <Br /> <br /> I don’t know what went wrong here, but only the two involved actors (Jamatti and Weiss) are trying their best to at least bring something to the table with the unfunny script with which they had to to work, to accurately indicate without feeling the subject at hand (and this is a Christmas movie of all things) and an actor who simply does not care about his performance (Vaughn), you have a very unevenly bad movie that is very painful to watch.
