The unoriginal, overly predictable and only slightly entertaining low-budget rephrasing of the sci-fi formula we all saw hundreds of times before — a group of isolated scientists confronted with some unknown alien, and everywhere) Antarctica! <br /> <br /> In the movie, James Spader and an almost nameless cast (with the exception of Carl Lewis, who is actually not so bad for an actor), who performs ho-hum performances that do little to liven up the unimaginable script dialogue. Worse, the pace of the film is slow, there is almost no plot, and several sequences of actions are stereotyped and not so interesting. No wonder that this thing went straight to the DVD. It's amazing why Spader - sometimes a great actor who won the Cannes Award for Best Actor for “Sex, Lies and Video Cassettes” and did a great job in the innovative sci-fi movie “Stargate” - decided to subscribe to this dim project. Or maybe not if you look at his career, because it seems he has invested his talents in more blunders than hits. <br /> <br /> The great thing about Alien Hunter is how they managed to squeeze so many elements from so many great science fiction films, and so far this thing turns out to be so lethargic and far-fetched. There are huge borrowed excerpts from The Thing (both the original by Howard Hawks and the excellent remake of John Carpenter in 1982), Contact, and Outbreak; a few hints of "Alien", CE3K "," Strain of Andromeda "," Kubrick "2001" (i.e. "black box of aliens") and "Mission to Mars" (i.e. mysterious message); and even a bit of “Sneaker” and “Wonderful Mind” (although these are not science fiction films, they have a “cryptological” connection). Hell, there are even corn fields and Antarctica, as in the recent movie “X Files”. And the glowing translucent spacecraft at the end looks exactly the same as what was extracted from the exit from the "Abyss". <br /> <br /> All this has been done before and has been done much better, although I admit that there are some soft surprises by the end. I could say a little more about the plot, but there is absolutely no need for it. You already know more than half of this film, without even seeing it. (5 out of 10)
