Summary: Something mysteriously dense that transmits radio signals found in the ice of Antarctica. The mysterious block was excavated and delivered to a research station in Antarctica. Julian Rome, a former SETI employee, is brought in to decrypt the message. The problem is that one of the researchers is his old girlfriend, and the situation quickly becomes awkward, especially since other female researchers almost rush at him. And a piece of ice with the thing inside melts unnaturally quickly. Soon the object is open. The puzzle continues, although the object generates a huge amount of electricity. It was decided to open the object, but shortly before this Julian decodes the signal. "Do not open". But it is too late, and the object explodes when it is finally broken, and two things unleashed on the ground. The first is an alien who was at rest on the object, and the other is a virus that instantly kills research personnel. And Washington, who is suspicious of this historical event, decides that these things cannot be unleashed on earth. So, the Russian nuclear submarine with nuclear weapons is sent to Antarctica. <br /> <br /> Comments: the film brought several surprises. One of them is Karl Lewis, who surprisingly demonstrates a good acting game, and the other is that the special effects are beautiful, well-crafted and much better than expected. Unfortunately, there are many surprises in history, and this time not in a good way. In fact, he is so full of holes in the plot that sometimes films seem almost randomly connected scenes. It never really explains why Washington knows so much, why Washington can command Russian submarines, why the object is in Antarctica and woke up now. It is really strange that the alien pod transmits in plain English. Some may want to explain this by saying that the alien was on Earth before and knew the language (and, obviously, chose English, why?). But then it is very confusing why cute aliens, who obviously want to save the Earth from the virus, send their encoded message “Do not open”! And finally, the end is as open as the end can be. <br /> <br /> The film is a bit entertaining, but too much energy (from me) needs to be moved to fill the voids in the plot. Therefore, the overall impression of the film is not too good. <br /> <br /> 3/10
