Well, here it is: "The Nazi mountaineer is friends with the Dalai Lama." What we do is that at first we get the main star, having no idea how to make the German accent, and we let it fluctuate between the French, Germans, Americans and the British for more than 2 hours. Then we come up with a series of incredibly incredible events and distribute them very widely, so that the plot is slowly moving almost imperceptibly. But just so that the viewer does not fall asleep, we add details that are shockingly absurd, for example, our hero smokes a cigarette at an altitude of 22,000 feet. Naturally, we also need to remember that our target audience does not want to read too many subtitles, so we have every character, even the lowest peasant in the forbidden closed city of Lhasa in 1943, who speaks excellent English, also with dubious accents. Of course, the most difficult part is how to deal with the spiritual and political aspects of history, so we do the following: we have the Dalai Lama who has made friends with the reformed Nazi, because the latter is so good at managing film projectors, radio Antique cars and any other the devices represent the freedom of the capitalist West. In turn, our hero learns from his young protege of a kind of indefinite, indefinite Buddhism, which never manifests itself and is not subjected to serious treatment. We also have many scenes with a hero parading all signs of respect and protocol that the rest of Tibetan society supports the Dalai Lama, even though we pretend that the hero deeply respects these people and their spiritual leader. In other words, we just expect the audience to believe that this guy is now a Buddhist, in his own way, although we ourselves do not seem to know what his transformation entails or how much we want it to go. And, last but not least, we put statistics at the end of the film about how terribly the Chinese have dealt with the Tibetans (which is certainly true), thus opening themselves to the accusations that we made a “political” film, although it's nothing like that. So, this is my idea. Chan, are you zinc? Can we make a ZIS movie?
