And maybe, as Fred Sandford said, "one on the lips." This is the one who released this film to an unsuspecting public. And, perhaps, to a man from Ryu Morg, who called it Fender Hellbender and said it was good. <br /> <br /> Five young girls seem to be returning home from a school football game, get lost and stop to ask for directions in a small shop in the middle of nowhere. While there the driver accidentally crashed into a parked SUV and knocked out the headlamp, but all the girls decided to just leave and not go look for the driver. But the driver comes to find them, and the point is not only that the headlight on her car is clouded, this is another reason why the girls do not yet understand. When the driver first catches them, she (yes, this is she) brandishes a shotgun, makes them undress and continues shouting at them: “How much did you see?”. Of course, girls are scared to death and do not know what they are talking about. <br /> <br /> When night falls, girls find themselves in a cat and mouse game with an SUV driver who manages to inflict all sorts of injuries on girls who are surprisingly resistant to shots from rifles and screwdrivers where they did not want them. They eventually come and find out that something happened in the same store after they left, and this is the cause of this woman’s psychotic anger. And in the end, they have a chance to take revenge and make it as far as they can. <br /> <br /> There are elements in this film that are rather disturbing and frightening, but, unfortunately, these moments are undermined by a bad game, poor dialogue and a huge loss of confidence. One girl was struck with a shotgun shot and seemed to be mortally wounded, she was cold, her life was passing before her eyes, but did she feel better? And how far can a mini van go on an almost empty gas tank at a speed of 80 miles per hour? I need one of those things, she apparently gets GREAT mileage. <br /> <br /> There should have been an end when the girls got their revenge, but after that the film goes on, which is the climax, but at least they will find out something that excited the woman and the driver is still worried about "spoiling her mom's van," which obviously worries anyone less. This is not the worst movie I've ever seen, but it's too amateur to be good, and at the same time too scary and terrible to be terrible. But this requires a cake for a lot of piercing tantrums, and you will want to put two in your ears if you look at it. Which, by the way, I do not necessarily recommend. 4 out of 10
