"Five through the eyes" begins with the fact that five young girls are going home just in time for curfew, they stop at the store, accidentally crash into another car and decide to just leave and leave it. Shortly after another car forces them to stop, a crazy woman comes out with a shotgun, yells at them, makes them take off their clothes, makes them urinate, and then accidentally drives away. The shocked and shocked girls think their test is over, but the crazy woman returns for a few seconds, because she seems to be going to kill the frightened girls who are lost and lack gas ... <br /> <br /> Producer and director Greg Swinson and Ryan Theissen with Swinson write this thing, and Theissen is responsible for cinematography and editing. I have to say that “Five through my eyes” is one of the worst films I have ever seen, if not the worst, I mean, that I’m trying hard to remember the movie I’ve seen that is worse. Now let me start by saying that I am sure that many of the decisions made here were deliberate to try to provoke the atmosphere, tension, realism and tension, but there is not one aspect of “Five through the eyes” that I would not make. I hate to be honest, it looks like a bad home video that was posted on YouTube, and even then it is still a bit awkward and frankly useless spending more than 90 minutes of my time, that I could have done something more interesting and fun, like pulling out my nails with pliers. Reviews on the Internet seem pretty positive, but on IMDb (the number of comments 1 star is indicative, and they cannot all be wrong, can they?) And this is a bulletin board, which I think is more indicative of what the average person is thinks that it is completely annihilated by almost everyone, and the phrase “the worst movie I've ever seen” is used several times, and, frankly, most of these negative comments mention the same things, and I have to agree with them. The story is terrible, well, I suspect that it should be minimalistic, but is this minimal? There are no reasons or explanations for the events that occur, and it just seems completely random. It lasts for ages, the number of the plot here will be difficult to complete the thirty-minute program created for the channel, albeit full-length. The dialogue is terrible with these annoying girls, who seem to have no brain cells between them who do random things and shout a lot. Oh God, the screams, there are seemingly endless scenes of these girls who scream, cry or whine, which not only annoy and annoy, but also prevent any sensible viewer from experiencing any sympathy for them, and also do what they trying to say it’s almost impossible to hear properly, Then there’s a real killer, the whole movie is set and shot as part of a mini van, seriously, the camera never leaves this car, and as you can imagine, it becomes really boring, add low amount the murder of just one person on the screen and the film “Five through the eyes” is a film that I hated with passion. <br /> <br /> From a technical point of view, I again see that the style of filming here was deliberate, but I have to be honest again “Say Five Eyes” is the worst film I've ever seen. As a movie fan, I like the way my movies look like real movies, because it’s a visual environment, and I definitely don’t want them to look worse than regular YouTube videos or my home movies I’ve drunk. It really looks like an amateur and so bad, it’s a complete eye wound, and I hated every moment of every second of it. Just think that The Blair Witch Project (1999) only looks ten times worse and sounds, and you will be almost there. In Five Across the Eyes, there are times when you literally cannot say what is happening or is happening because of camera work and the almost black and grainy contrast level. Violence is also tamed with a few sprays of blood and a knife at the end. <br /> <br /> Low budget does not even begin to describe “Five through the eyes”, with an estimated budget of about $ 4,000, this is easily one of the lowest-budget films ever to be widely distributed. Two vans in the film belonged to the production participants, and this is basically the entire budget, the seats. The play of the actors is pretty bad, I just hated all the fake inscriptions on crying and shouts that were not convincing at all, but were very annoying. <br /> <br /> Five continuous eyes will come down as one of the worst films I have ever seen, and I have seen several films when someone now asks me what is the worst film I have ever seen "Five through the eyes" will certainly be mentioned. I hated it, every aspect and pathetic moment of it.
