I am stunned. Yes, it's right. I am really caught here. In no case did I find it terrible, but, on the other hand, it was a disappointing experience in a terrible hysterical and gloomy incoherence. The idea behind such a neat, minimal low-budget indie product is not bad, but this is a tangled confusion and, in the end, has done nothing for me. It is amateur and simple; she wants to exploit outside of reasoning and do it in the style of fashionable quick filming lately. We have a documentary laced (hand-held) camera that moves everywhere (despite the fact that it never leaves the van), and sometimes we feel unfocused and blurred, which complicates the definition of some of the details. Lately you have become accustomed to this, but there are times when it becomes too distracting and even nauseating. Keeping it still helps. There is little reason for the context (when five teenage girls return home from a football game late at night and get lost on country roads. At a roadside store they end up in a minor accident that breaks an unused SUV headlight. Frightened, they run and not too long behind They had a light SUV. Soon to make their night an unforgettable experience in horror), most of the time they spent in a long, noisy and tireless game of cat and mouse. <br /> <br /> What anxiety ?? I think it depends. Some moments may make you wriggle with his attention to pain, despair and insane cruelty (with good use of piercing sound FX, which seems preferable to images and not forgetting the effects of repulsive background sound), but I also I found that I was giggling too. In fragments it can be repulsive and intense with a real gradual impulse, but hardly plausible. The injuries of random characters never seem as serious as you should have believed, although obviously they should be. See how the blood flows freely, but it is not entirely convincing and can become boring. The constant night car chase could only do a lot before becoming repetitive. We get screams, spewing, bleeding, running, cursing, body fluids, and so on. Pretty unpleasant details followed. It was hardly necessary to do something; for this, a much stronger scenario was needed than a pitiful, forced scenario. Because of this, too many awkward moments arose, and there was not much depth for the characters and the situation they were in. It was about the scenes waiting for the next painful meeting, and she pulled them out long enough. It helps out that he had an unpredictable pattern. <br /> <br /> Performances; Jennifer Barnett, Angela Brunda, Daniel Lilly, Sandra Paduch and Mia Yi are similar to their crazy characters and paint authentic chemistry to fill the script's weaknesses in its foundation. The crazy intensity of Veronica Garcia, like a crazy SUV driver, was something ?? yes something The real motivation of her character to terrorize girls and her unstable state of mind is practically non-existent. I think being a psychotic was good enough. Now, probably the most unnerving thing I encountered in this function was this disgusting soundtrack. Awful techno music, cheesy hard rock and a dizzying final score. He never felt too exaggerated and did not interfere, but he stuck out like a sore thumb. Co-directors Greg Swinson and Ryan Thyssen are trying to get the most out of their small resources, but even with a sharp spirit, the result is something rather shabby. Maybe it was a pleasure to do it, but it was simply not the case.
