Watching “TRUTH ABOUT LOVE” (is this a double intent for a star?) - it's like plugging white noise or water sounds to help you fall asleep — you put it in the DVD slot, because there is nothing left on the shelves and you are in need of distraction after a hectic day. And it is suitable for this purpose: to be a British romantic comedy a little more. <br /> <br /> The story is pretty simple about Alice’s wife (Jennifer Love Hewitt), married to an increasingly distant husband Sam (Jimi Mistry), who suspended his love life due to the burden of his busy legal practice. His partner Archie (Dougray Scott) loves Sam and Alice, but has a long-standing attachment to Alice, which goes beyond friendship. Alice is friends with her sister Felicity (Kate Miles), a free lover who encourages Alice to do business. On Valentine's Day, after drinking with her sister, Alice sends Sam a postcard with the word "Anonymous" to check whether Sam is responding, checking his loyalty. At the same time, Archie mails a package of radish seeds to Alice, in which he did not write inspiring love. Both have an ex post facto apology. Sam actually spends time with Katya's mistress (Branka Katic) and really cheats on Alice. Alice negotiates with Sam by email and by phone and plans to meet with Sam under the guise of "Anonymous" to check his loyalty. The whole set of characters is drawn into a stupid charade, and the finale proves that true love must be based on truth - and the way it leads to various combinations is a surprise (a kind of) fluffy script. <br /> <British comedies work because of the quality of writing and the hard quality of acting. Perhaps if director John Hay chose the role of Alice instead of the British actress instead of inserting a fictitious accent on Jennifer Love Hewitt, the result could be improved. But in the end, this story of Peter Bloor, in his messages, bounces between light humor and pathos. One terrible distraction is the musical score, which is so loud that it covers the whole dialogue and is intrusive. There are some good scenes in London and a few minutes of tolerable humor, but in the end this little movie is really best used as background music / white noise. Grady harp
