The story looks like this: a girl from a small town Katie (Jessica Simpson) decides to visit her boyfriend in a big city. When she comes, she discovers that he is not as faithful as he should be. Katie eventually sets off on an adventure that is New York. Filling comedy comedy comedy film and charming failures. She falls into a hole in the ground and thus meets the charismatic good guy Ben (Luke Wilson). This is not love at first sight, at least for her, but fate and Ben will not give up so easily. Being "just" a girl from a small town And a blonde, a pair of angry executives in a construction company decides that she is the perfect scapegoat for their cunning plan. There will be misunderstandings with funny and sad consequences. However, this is one blonde who will not accept this! <br /> <br /> People condemning this film will soon be wrong. The jokes are confident and appropriate, and the story is well developed. The relationship between Katie and Ben is so natural that they are ashamed of everything that Godard created. Multi-talented Jessica Simpson is once again surprised by the strong role that only she can play. Simpson really is Marilyn Monroe of our time (there is even one scene honoring her!). It perfectly balances between the vulnerable and the capricious. Katie really shows us that you can't judge a book by its cover! Luke Wilson is charming as always. Even if he was all dung, this man would be as attractive as everyone else. His light touch, puppy eyes and calm manner make it difficult to resist. Andy Dick plays the role he was born to play the role of one of two diabolical leaders. It really cannot be underestimated. The power of speaking is his restraint. This is great because most of the actors would just run away with it and play it for cheap laughter. Not this guy! <br /> <br /> In conclusion, director Scott Marshall created a clever and often funny comedy that is intended to become a classic along with such movie masterpieces as Epic Movie and Norbit. Kudos to everyone involved, especially Jessica Simpson. Her sincere smile and sincere laughter would make even the strongest person erupt in a wide smile. You can be tough, but you are not so cool! It is strongly recommended to anyone who wants to be knocked down and watch a romantic comedy, which this time seems fair. Thanks for this movie! Oh, and the soundtrack is swinging! <br /> <br /> Now, if you haven't received it yet. I'm with sarcasm 1/10
