Usually a film about repression is somewhat muted in style and tone. However, there is a difference between the use of restraint and the promotion of narcolepsy among viewers. In "The Secret Life of Dentists," starring Campbell Scott and Hope Davis, director Alan Rudolph plays as close as possible to his waistcoat, with the result that the film never goes beyond thinking about how teeth are a metaphor for a married life. <br /> <br /> Scott plays the role of David Hirst, a dentist married to another dentist (Davis). Rudolph quickly establishes the dynamics of their relationship - he is completely absorbed in the daily duties of being a parent, she is quietly disappointed with their violent family life - and then heightens the tension when Scott may or may not be witness to his wife with another man. From this point on, the film focuses on whether David is going to confront his wife Dana for her possible adultery, or she will beat him to death and leave forever. From time to time, David is approached with visits from an imaginary “friend” in the form of a former patient, played by Denis Leary (borrowing from Tyler Darden Brad Pitt in the Fight Club). <br /> <br /> While there is enough uncertainty about Dana’s infidelity and David’s instability to justify the test, the last two thirds of the film are embarrassingly devoid of subject or narration. Instead, Rudolph creates drama because of the nasty fever that slowly passes through the Hearst family, culminating in a pointless visit to the hospital at the height of the film. The film never reveals hints at what David is really capable of, if he was not so devoted to his family; nor does he spend much time looking at Dana’s delicate balance between her family life and other more ambitious ambitions. <br /> <br /> Deciding to spend most of the film worrying about febrile fever, Rudolph kills the impulse of his film. By the time the fifth member of the family begins to sweat and ache, the film has spent all the good sides of Scott's well thought out presentation. David and Dana end up repeating their steps over and over again to a less than cathartic final. Since for the last hour there is nothing to build, the conclusion seems awkward and patched. “The secret life of dentists” takes a common theme and does nothing to improve it. Overall, a disappointing, extraordinary film.
