Yes, I know - you tremble with excitement. Well, “The Secret Life of Dentists” does not meet your expectations: it is made reliably, but essentially has no imagination, is true, but boring. This concerns the story of a married couple who turns out to be a dentist and shares the same practice (already a recipe for trouble: if it were not for our separate work, we would all throw our spouses out of pure annoyance), Campbell Scott, whose mustache and demeanor do not remember Everyman so the same as Ned Flanders from The Simpsons, is a well-mannered husband, a super-dad, and Hope Davis is a bored housewife who directs her disappointments to an amateur opera. , One night, when dad and daughters attend one of Davis' performances, he discovers that his wife does not direct her disappointments only to singing: he sees his wife kissing and flirting with the director of the opera. (One nice touch: we never see the faces of an opera director.) Fearing the prospect of initiating proceedings for divorce, divorce and guardianship hearings — only for lawyers — Scott decides to pretend to be ignorant of his wife’s careless actions. <br /> Already literate people are starting to yawn: Ho-Hum, another story about the pretentious, snotty little cuckold. But Rudolph, who took the story from the novel by Jane Smiley, hopes that the deterioration of the material will be compensated by a series of bright postmodern strokes. For example, one of the belligerent patients of Scott (Denis Leary, who is held relatively - and blessedly - controlled) will later become a kind of construction of the dentist's imagination, acting as a devil defender on the shoulder for the elderly. fashioned male virtues (“Dump, bh!”, etc.). When Scott is not inspired by his imaginary new friend, he is tormented by fantasies in which his wife participates in a three-way communication with two male dental assistants who work in their practice. It's not too far away to say that this film “With eyes wide shut” is for real people (or at least adults). In the same vein, Campbell Scott and Hope Davis are undoubtedly recognizable people compared to the glamorous pair of Cruise and Kidman. In addition, the script for * Secret Lives * is clearly more relevant than the Kubrick script. As proof, I offer an image of the children of dentists, especially the youngest, who is about 3 or 4 years old, and whose main statement is “Dad! Dad! Dad! Dad! Dad! Dad! Dad !!! ”This is family life, with all its charms. <br /> <br /> The film will also have an interesting double count with Kramer vs. Kramer. You can easily trace the feminization of an American man from 1979 to 2003. In this film, Dad is a housewife, as in Cramer, but he was by no means confused because of his domestic role, unlike Dustin Hoffman, who was too courageous to make a toast. Here Scott takes care of all the hard chores around the house, for example, wipes baby vomit, cooks food, cleans up the children, spends with them any trifling activities after school. And all without any complaints. (And without the director's comments. This is just a matter of course.) <br /> <br /> The film has advantages, mostly related to credibility. Nevertheless, he dragged off greatness with his perseverance on fashionable distractions, which culminate in a long scene where a terrible five-day gastric flu bypasses the house. We must tolerate the meaningless fantasy sequences initiated by the imaginary leader Leary. By the way, whose existence finally reminds Brad Pitt’s character in Fight Club *. And this, finally, leads to another serious shortcoming of the film: the lack of originality. In this review, I understand that it was too easy to refer to many other films. Of course, this film is an improvement for most of them, but still. * The secret lives of dentists * worth seeing, but don't worry too much about it. (Anyway, you weren't so excited. I think.)
