Apparently, none of the previous reviewers, most of whom praise the film for its accuracy, did not actually read the biography of Louis Pasteur. The most glaring inaccuracy in the relationship between Pasteur and Napoleon III. In the 1930s, the latter invariably appeared in a bad light. Although he was far from a remarkable character — he was an inept politician and a self-styled “military genius” who allowed France to be dragged into a catastrophic war, he was not the stupid reactionary depicted here. He had an intellectual interest in science, and, like many other people in the 19th century, he saw a bright future thanks to the improvements that he would bring. In addition to the expulsion of Pasteur, he was his PATRON, built a laboratory for him and provided him with all the resources he needed in his studies. While the lab was being built, Pasteur was seriously ill. The bureaucrat, who decided that it was a waste of money to build a laboratory for someone who was about to die, ordered to stop working at his own discretion. The emperor heard about this, his indignation shook the bureaucracy, so that there was a rapid transfer of money, and work quickly resumed. The emperor personally visited Pasteur to console him and assure him that he would receive his laboratory. The emperor often brought with him. the members of his court admired Pasteur’s designs, and it was obvious to all that Pasteur was one of the favorites of the emperor. Pasteur’s main concern regarding the Emperor was that Napoleon thought that Pasteur was actually a miracle Worker who could do almost everything, and constantly assigned him tasks that went beyond his previous experience. Pasteur, a very humble man, always protested against this, but Napoleon would say that he fully believes in him, and Pasteur, despite his fears, they were always close and friendly, and after the Emperor was overthrown, Pasteur refused to say about him is a bad word, thankful to the end of his life. <br /> <br /> The part about him in a daughter giving birth to a child and Pasteur, who sacrificed his principles for the sake of a doctor, never had one. The part about anthrax and rabies, for which he was famous, is generally true, but the idea that an experiment with anthrax raised him from darkness to glory is a lie. He was famous and respected at the time when this happened. This film is fine from a dramatic point of view, but very distorted as a biography.
