What an unfortunate mess is “Shiner.” I would love to love this excessive, anti-film applicant, and actually found many moments with strong resonance. Unfortunately, these moments are very rare. While I appreciate some of what Calson tried, any advantage that bare bones aimed for, not a single budgetary cinematography was destroyed with some really horrible installations that did not benefit the film at all. <br /> <br /> Although bad behavior abounds in low budget (and large budget) cinema, Shiner has some surprisingly bad performances that are almost painful to watch. In particular, the "direct" couple Linda and a young guy. These are the two most poorly written characters who tell almost nothing. The acting is so terrible, and none of the actors seem to be able to resist a smirk or cracking, as they despondently give up their lines with a terrifying lack of skills. Intermittent editing almost creates the feeling that these roles were completely free and added to avoid the stereotypical display of films as strange gays. It would be better if that were the case. <br /> <br /> Despite the fact that everything is going wrong, there are a few ideas that seem to reflect what Calson hoped to get. In particular, the story of Bob and Tim. These are the two most richly drawn characters who offer the most interesting awards thanks to the truly fascinating performances of Nikolai T. King (Bob) and David Zelinas (Tim). Tim is a boxer with some serious problems. Surprisingly low self-esteem is masked by almost caricature arrogance, which he wears like armor. Obsessed with Tim, seemingly innocuous, but ultimately creepy Bob, pursues a boxer in a classic cat-and-mouse manner. When the tables are turned upside down and the hunter becomes persecuted, the result is the only real emotional catharsis of the film. In a film with such artificial rigidity (this is a compliment), one character MUST have this frank breakthrough (or a breakdown, as the case shows), and the final confrontation between Bob and Tim gives Zelina and King an opportunity to show some real acting shots. <br /> <br /> Tony and Danny, played by Scott Stepp and Derris Neal, seem to be the focus of the film, despite some of their own moments of bravado (including one really disturbing scene revealing an obsession with sex / violence). ), but they cannot avoid caricature fiction, and it is difficult to look at them - or go beyond their apparent symphony from one note and find something other than the obvious. <br /> <br /> In the end, this same raw material can (and should) be used to tell this story better. Alas, for the present not so much to recommend it, the speeches of the Lords of King and Zelinas really offer something special and give an idea of ​​what could be and is ultimately worth seeing.
