So, has it really come to this? Are we, as consonant adults, guilty of the fact that the next generation of film enthusiasts do not have cinematic understanding and celluloid abilities? Regarding the latest addition of Wayans and Co. to the script with movies; Small man. This is the UK P.G. (Parental Guide), any person under the age of twelve must be accompanied by a responsible adult, certified film that embodies what has now become a worse case of extinction, since cigarettes were erased from movie images of the 1950s. <br /> <br /> Here, mostly listeners under the age of twelve, some of them, even without adult supervision, sat there obediently, understanding everything, not paying attention to their subject, and partly adult features that the Little Man depicts. at least partially too. Cinema, as a rule, can be better than this unsuccessful attempt, while this nonsense makes them penetrate while they are still young and fresh, the greatest fear of the future of the Cinema is that the child’s ignorance can simply reach an adult. bliss. Cinema deserves more than this, and therefore it is constantly growing, and, in the literal sense, the audience, this frank cash cow is always fed by the impressionable mind of the young. <br /> <br /> There is no experience in cinema. There is neither surprise with open eyes, nor fearful respect for the magic of cinema ”. There is nothing but bewilderment and contempt for lack of substance, originality and insanity, less fatigue and parody of everything that is now ultimately wrong with the Hollywood machine, for a quick dollar we have to endure our future cinema viewers like such archetypical films about catastrophes. <br /> <br /> Will heroes such as Hitchcock, Fassbinder, Leone, Kubrick and Schaffner coil their graves? Without a doubt, the money that they all liked, but the talent and abundance for perfection and quality, and a huge degree of respect for their profession and audience, they never had enough. We again see another cliché of bad taste in the works of the Vayanov clan, while the similar “White Chicks” (2004) undoubtedly were a blow to the bourgeoisie of American society. The irony here is that the two main characters, once again played by the Wyana brothers, are so hidden that no recognition exists, it makes the film even better, and it is the actor Terry Cruz who gives White The chicks are their essence and individuality, not the Wyans . <br /> <br /> And again, with their plot from the “Explosive Hazard” films of the 1970s, as in the 1988 film “I'm going to give you, Sucka,” it can be considered as a funny and funny movie with such weights. like Isaac Hayes, Jim Brown, Bernie Casey and the great actress Ja'net Du Bois. The fact is that the Little Man has absolutely no person, no matter what he is, he is superficial and narcissistic, without appreciation or value towards his followers, he quickly sinks, takes your money and, before we know it, hid inside the cogs of commercialism. There is no noticeable effort regarding where our money was spent, after the “Dreadful Cinema” (2000) things could only go up, but, alas, no, without much reflection on artistic value and, no doubt, in installments from this fearless movie. The following tycoon films should be direct for video, one can only hope. <br /> <br /> It seems that vayans to a certain extent created the cinema genre; they scored a movie parody to death, they diluted every street and with their inevitable style. They are slowly destroying the reputation of the last hundred years that Kino has given us, let the ghosts of past films be so modest in their judgment as their growing audience still seems to when the bubble bursts, let them be that same understanding.
