[CONTAINS SPOILERS !!!] <br /> <br /> Timon and Pumba look at the Lion King. Timon decides to return to the beginning, when the story really began. So they come back. The way back. Even before Simba was born. Let us return to the old home of Timon, who was a few miles from Pride. The meerkat clan went underground to hide from the hyenas. The worst digger in the clan was a pompous, selfish meerkat named Timon. His mother felt sorry for him, but Uncle Max just shook his head. Mother suggested sending Timon to the guard post; Timon dreamed of a bigger and better place somewhere there. It was then that the hyenas of Shenzi, Bonzai and Ed arrived and almost killed poor Uncle Max. That did it. Other meerkats just wanted Timon to leave, and Timon made a commitment to leave. So he kissed mom goodbye and started. He was not very far advanced before he began to yearn for the house. It was then that he met Rafiki, who taught him to look beyond what he sees. Timon had no idea what that meant, so he continued and met a warthog named Pumba, who was all alone because of a problem with flatulence. Timon and Pumba join then, but Timon announced them to be more likely to be friends than friends. <br /> <br /> Soon they arrive at Pride Rock, where all the zebras, antelopes, wildebeest, rhinoceroses, giraffes, elephants and many other simple animals gathered. What's happened? Timon did not care. They crushed. Then Timon saw Rafiki on Pride Rock, lifting into the air something that he could not see. At this moment all the animals bowed. Was it in honor of the birth of a new king? No, Pumba passed the gas, and the animals bowed to cover their noses; Timon and Pumba are trying out a range of new homes, but each of them is experiencing discomfort due to the incessant singing of either hyenas or a great wildebeest crush! Pumba and Timon suddenly find themselves downstream. When they reach the ground, Timon decides to surrender. But then they look back at their new paradise. It was beautiful: the trees and the water fell as far as the eye could see. Timon called this place in honor of a strange phrase that he had learned from Rafiki: Hakuna Matat. Timon and Pumba go bowling for buzzards one afternoon when they unexpectedly encounter Simba. They take him under their wing and become father figures. They teach him the art of eating beetles and belching. Soon the young Simba plays with Timon in the snail chowder competition. Simba won, leaving Timon terminally ill. <br /> <br /> Once Simba's friend came, Nala's childhood. Timon and Pumba just knew that she would break the friendship. Suddenly Simba runs away. Nala and Pumba chase after him, but not Timon. He decided to stay at Hakuna Matata himself until Rafiki "inspired" any meaning to him, so he joins his friends in Pride Rock. Timon's mother and Uncle Max arrive then. While Simba fights with Scar, Mother and Max dig a big hole to catch the hyenas of Shenzi, Bonzai and Ed. It worked. Soon the scar rushes into the same pit where hyenas devour it. Then everything is fine. Mother, Uncle Max and the rest of meerkats live with Timon and Pumba in paradise called Hakuna Matata. Returning to this time, Timon and Pumba finish the film, when suddenly my mother, Uncle Max, Simba and Rafiki will want to watch it again. The same is done by Mickey Mouse, Donald Duck, Goofy, Snow White, Seven Dwarfs, Dumbo, Peter Pan, Lost Boys, Mad Hatter, March Hare, Genn, Aladdin and Jasmine. <br /> <br /> Well, I must say that the Lion King 1 1/2 was not as good as I had hoped. It was too funny and stupid. The original Lion King was a masterpiece. He had a serious story with a bright comedy. This one was just stupid and mocked her. I swear, sometimes Timon and Pumba are too exaggerated. They replay to such an extent that they cease to be funny, just annoying. Returned voice cast: Nathan Lane as Timon, Ernie Sabella as Pumba, Matthew Broaddrick as Simba adult, Whoopi Goldberg as Shenzi, Cheech Marin as Bonzai, Jim Cummings as Ed, Robert Gaylem as Rafika. New in the cast are Julie Kavner from the TV series “Too Long” “The Simpsons” as Timon’s mother and Jerry Stiller as Uncle Max. Anyway, this film is not the Lion King III, and it is not II, because already there is II. This happens immediately after Part I and Part II are far away. Therefore, it is 1 1/2. In conclusion, I do not recommend this to die to Lion King fans, because it’s too funny and frivolous. However, children will like it, so I recommend it to them. I hope this will also be the last Lion King movie. Two is enough. "The Lion King 1 1/2". What we used to expect from the creators of Disney sequels. <br /> <br /> -
