The director and his team are sent to Beale's isolated mansion to make a low-budget horror film about the seven mysterious deaths in Beel's family that happened there in the last century. Even with the caretaker's warnings, the director does not pay attention to the allegedly damned house. One of the team members found a book called the Tibetan Book of the Dead and used some passages from it for his script. But at the same time, when the red color lifts the ghoul from his grave. <br /> <br /> Boring, confusing and tasteless - it all comes down to one, tantamount to this hopeless midnight horror. What feels like an eternity seems never to be felt and does not demonstrate anything effective from decent ideas. Even despite the fact that the director Paul Harrison awkward, carefree director created a couple of creepy, capricious and atmospheric scenery. But laziness still made it early. The entire film in the structure of the film takes up most of the film, and at this time little happens, which causes great interest. And this is not fun. Think of the Bob Clarke film “Children should not play with dead things (1972)”, and now we have older actors. However, I found that the "Seven Corpses" are inferior. The script in the early stages has many sharp minds before it turns black, predictable, and leaves many unrealized opportunities. A cheap base, including limited sets, also did not help, but the dark, dark-looking mansion had eerie air. The performances from the recognizable b-cast are mostly tough. John Carradine in the small part is mostly hiding. John Ireland plays a hot director, smart actress Faith Domegg demands attention, and Charles Macaulay hides it. The slow grinding room intersects between the “Ten Little Indians” and your usual zombie. However, this is not so attractive, even with occult and supernatural abilities. Hell, they even throw some actions in the cemetery, without any predominance. When does a rotting ghoul make its appearance ?? Finally, but a little late. It gets a little better, if very confusing. Just like an inspired discovery, the finale is delightfully dull. To the bad between them, it constantly pulls. Continuity in many scenes is non-existent, and the death scenes are more exciting and bloody (but poorly performed) in the film they make than what actually happens to them when a zombie appears. The general musical background fluctuates with its trembling, but frank gothic remarks, and the camera work is softly put with a lack of imagination. Shoot and frame. Shoot and frame. Work is done. This is the packaging.
