This is a type of film in which it really hurts to admit that it really, really sucks. I usually sanctify such things! In the early 70s, Greenhouse films with amazing sounding of titles and a crazy low-budget atmosphere are usually ROCK. The House of Seven Corpses apparently had even more trump cards, since the cast is a collection of great veterans of the genre (including John Carradine, John Irland and Faith Domegg), and the filming locations (the title house, the cemetery) obviously fit for a grim tale of terror. The film begins with its absolute greatest and memorable memorable episodes, although, unfortunately, they are the only ones that correspond to those. Credits are superb montage, complemented by fancy color effects and creepy freeze frames, illustrating how the title house gained its notorious reputation. The last seven owners were mysteriously murdered here, and mounting credits happily reveals their final moments. Someone falls from the balcony with a scream, the lady sinks into the bathroom, and another female body and four creepy tables hang from the ceiling. It goes without saying that the house is cursed, and the clumsy behavior of caretaker Mr. Price (Carradine) only reinforces this reputation. In other words, the house is the perfect platform for the famous director Eric Hartman (John Ireland) to shoot his satanic horror film project. The structure of the film inside the film - this is what basically makes the "House of Seven Dead" to be so boring and without incident. A lot of film material is wasted on team members putting film reels in the camera and pulling around cables or worse ?? Vera Domerga and Charles Macaulay portray horribly unbearable acting stereotypes. The plot finally gets a little interesting (just a little, notice) when one of the characters reads a few lines from an occult book and accidentally awakens a rotting corpse in the backyard. The asthmatic (judging by the noise that he makes) slowly heads for the house and kills the entire film crew, recalling how the previous seven had turned into corpses. After about 60 minutes, the film suddenly turns from funny to just strange and confusing. I'm still not sure that the last turn is related to the concept of reincarnation or just coincidence, and all the remaining characters suddenly, for whatever reason, suddenly undergo extensive mental transformations shortly before their death. Honestly, I regret that “The House of Seven Corpses” is a pretty awful movie. The places and landscapes are gloomy, frightening, but far from being used to the full effect and experiencing a serious lack of terrible bloodshed. The numerous jewels of the 70s with a low budget were tremendously rude, so the lack of financial resources is no excuse, and the murders in the films are not really considered. Even always reliable veteran stars come out for Hammy, and Harrison’s leadership is not at all inspired. Not recommended, unless you think that a zero-cool four-and-a-half minute game with opening credits is worth your copy.
