After reading the previous comments, I'm just glad that I was not the only one who remained confused, especially the last 20 minutes. John Carradine goes down the grave twice and closes the lid behind him. I was looking forward to some explanation of this strange behavior ... naturally, I assumed that he was somehow connected with the evil that was happening in the house, but since he was killed by the first rebel corpse (hereinafter referred to as Zombie # 1) these scenes had absolutely no meaning. Please, if someone there knows why Carradine kept going down to the graves all the time - let the rest of us be on him !! <br /> <br /> The whole action is limited to the last 20 minutes, so I will try to do a quick review. John Carradine goes to the cemetery to investigate, and Zombie # 1 is choking him. Everything is going fine. But then we get a tangled scene where John Ireland and Jerry Strickler, for a small lunar survey at the cemetery, discover Carradine’s dead body. Strykler repeatedly tries to push Ireland into the open grave, where Zombie # 1 came from, but Ireland succeeds in throwing it into an open grave instead, and PRESTO! Streakler comes out as Zombie # 2! Yes, I suppose we can conclude that Strykler was dead all the time (witch?), But why he didn’t turn from a normal appearance into a version with rotting flesh, having flown to the grave of Zombie # 1, is never explained. (Considering how painfully sluggish these zombies are, I thought that he would prefer to stay in his “normal” form until his work was completed). This scene also makes you wonder - who the hell is Zombie # 1? We can only assume that Zombie No. 1 is one of the first victims of the murder shown during the film's captions, but who knows which one of them is and why he has a particular hatred for the film crew. <br /> <br /> In any case, after Ireland sees this transformation and runs away, we see EXACTLY THE SAME PICTURE of Zombie No. 2, wandering through the trees, as we have seen for Zombie No. 1. (This leads to a momentary confusion because of so many MANY zombies). Then in the best horror film of the 1950s, Ireland manages to escape, fleeing. He conveniently bangs his head on the little tombstone of the dead cat Faith Domegg (wasn’t it so nice with John Carradine to carve out a tombstone for a cat that he barely knew?) Destroys the house. He easily sends three crew members, then climbs the stairs. Vera Domerga hears him and, thinking that this is John Ireland's lover, who has returned from a night shooting, leaves. Seeing that this is only Zombie # 1, she screams and retreats to the bedroom, where she pulls a revolver from Ireland. While Star Carol Wells takes a shower and does not hear a scream, her colleague in the film, Charles McAuley (who drinks and slaughters him by the mirror in his bedroom). Taking away his pleasant time (and only after a few more sips from the flask), he finally decides to investigate. (One thing that hits the viewer in the last quarter of this film is how to SLOWLY RESPECT the stars for screams and shots). Domerg returns to the corridor armed and ready, but takes Macaulay as Zombie # 1 and shoots him six times! He makes a good acrobatic click on the railing, then the frightened Domegg retreats, right into the waiting hands of Zombie No. 1. <br /> <br /> Carol Wells is already out of the shower and dries out when he hears shots and shouts from Domerg; she also does not feel the special need to escape to the investigation. So during this time Zombie # 1 manages to pull Domerg on the neck with a rope. Wells sees Domerg’s hanging corpse and loses consciousness. Next time we will see her in a stream near the house (???) - but more on that later. In the meantime, Ireland has recovered and stumbles in a house where he discovers the bloody slaughter of Zombie # 1. Although Ireland has just stumbled upon three people killed, he is more concerned that his film has been exposed and destroyed! Fortunately for him (and the audience), Zombie # 1 throws some cinema equipment from the 2nd floor on his head. This is the last thing we see in Zombie # 1. At this point, viewers turn to installing all the deaths, showing that the new ones "reflect" the old ones. How deep. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, zombie number 2 approached the house (remember that these zombies are moving as slowly as molasses in January), where he accidentally saw Carol Wells swimming in the stream, and there is no fish . How did she get there? Zombie # 1 carried her, threw inside, and then again raised up to crush John Irland in time? Apparently, one of the original victims was sunk in the bath, so Wells should also drown (but why it is never explained outside in the creek, and not in the bath). Zombie # 2 never gets into the house (everyone is already dead, at least thanks to Zombie # 1), but instead he brings Carol Wells back to the cemetery. When the last credits flash on the screen, we see Zombie # 2 with his dead love still in his hands descending into an open grave. <br /> <br /> The spectator can only think: yes, but not this Zombie # 1 grave? Why does Zombie # 2 settle? And what if Zombie # 1 comes and wants to climb back - does Zombie # 2 allow him or will there be a zombie battle? Will zombies share the grave and the recently deceased Carol Wells? What about the late John Carradine - where will he stay? In the end, from the earlier scenes we know that he is clearly at home in the grave ... If this storyline final has left you confused, do not worry because you are not alone.
