I have three comments on this film, which I discovered hanging around the bottom shelf in Blockbuster. First, it is interesting to see what approaches filmmakers are using, trying to remove essentially unformatted works. Some, like Kubrick did with Lolita, forced the original author to write a script similar to the original work. Of course, this cannot be here; Kraft Ebing is long dead. Some used the original work as a starting point to go in a completely new, unrelated direction (here we recall the recent adaptation of Tristram Shandy). You can think about it - the film "Slaughterhouse 5", in my opinion, is an example. Or you can simply take the format of the original and try to convey it in cinematic vignettes. It would be Woody Allen's approach to “Everything you wanted to know about sex,” and perhaps this film. After reviewing, this is probably the only thing that can be done with scientific work, such as Psychopathia Sexualis. The potential loss is that whatever cumulative score the original work has, it is hidden or destroyed. And so it is. <br /> <br /> The second item is the cinematic style. Some people call this “tribute” to Murnau, Pabst, Karl Dreyer, and so on. But I think it is more rude than that. It is too heavy and shy to be effective for a long time. In the end, it's just annoying. <br /> <br /> The third item is probably a less intelligent observation. How could the people responsible for this make a film about wild sexual deviations and perversions that is so incredibly boring? I found that it was impossible to pay attention to the film, and anyone who does not automatically turn to images of sexual deviations would also find it. I do not want to be completely merciless and say that the film does not make sense, but I have to say that whatever point the filmmakers were rather obscured by the nature of the source material, frank copying of cinematic styles, and the persistent refusal to engage the audience on an emotional level for fear of being accused of beating). <br /> <br /> The film from the very beginning is a dubious exercise and does not really work for me, sorry to say.
