Dreamgirls, despite the fact that Tony wins in an incredibly weak year on Broadway, has never been what can be called a jewel in the crown of stage musicals. However, this does not mean that in the right cinematic hands, it cannot be isolated and polished to something standing on the screen. Unfortunately, what is transferred to the screen is basically a slavishly correct version of the stage hit with all its inherent weaknesses. Firstly, the assessment has never been one of the strengths of this production, and the film does not change this factor. There are a lot of songs (maybe too many?), But few of them are especially memorable. The closest songs to the memorable melodies are the title song and One Night Only - the famous song “And I Tell You I Am Not Going” is a less remarkable song than the dramatic set for the character Effie (Jennifer Hudson). The film is smooth and technically well thought out, but the plot and characters are surprisingly thin and have no resonance. There is some interest in the first moments when I see how the Svengalese manager Jamie Foxx manipulates his actions on top, but it takes a back seat in the last part of the film when the story conveniently tries to present him as a villain, despite he was right from a business point of view for the vast majority of the film. Beyonce Knowles is beautiful and sings her songs beautifully, but she’s stuck with a character who’s mostly superficial. Anika Noni Rose as the third member of the Dreamgirls trio literally has nothing to do with the entire film. Eddie Murphy has established himself as a singer, apparently based on James Brown, but this role is not particularly meaty and ultimately does not have much impact. Foxx would seem like a perfect casting, but it seems strangely withdrawn and bored. The biggest selling point of the film is, of course, the former American idol / Oscar winner Jennifer Hudson, starring Effie White, a temperamental singer who is loaded from the band and makes a triumphant return of the final act. For me, Effie has always been a big problem in both the show and the movie. The film obviously wants you to feel sorry for her, and takes her side with quite restraint, but I was never sure that this character deserves such devotion. From the very beginning, Effie behaves mostly as a disgusting, selfish, self-centered diva who is more interested in what everyone else can do for her than having a great personal interest in the group of which she is a part. When she is loaded from the group for her lack of professionalism and poor attitude, the charges are more than reasonable, but the stage show / film seems to think that Effie should be reduced to infinity simply because she has a great voice. Even though the film is trying to soften some of Effie's more solid edges to make her prettier, the charges are still standing. Her story becomes more manipulative, offering her to show our sympathy, because she is an unmarried mother who tries to raise her daughter — using the assumption that motherhood (as well as in talent) immediately makes any behavior justified. Indeed, the only great effort the film makes to show Effie's motherhood is to tell us about it, and then turn on the scene where she barks at her daughter in the unemployment office, insists that the girl has no father, and then refuses to look for a lucrative job to support them, since singing is all that she knows. In the hands of a skilled actress, these gaps could be fixed with the help of technology and charisma. Unfortunately, Hudson is not such an actress. She sings well, but moments based on dialogue do not come to her in a natural way and do not cause strong emotional moments. The moment of signature Effie (the aforementioned number "I tell you ...") is well sung by Hudson, but emotionally flat in the acting department. It is assumed that Effie expresses his rage and despair in her predicament, but Hudson acts as a cabaret performer, pronouncing a hot number. In general, not quite the emotional event that can be expected. The latter part of the film is basically a predictable melange of events that maneuver Fox in the earlier position of Hudson and allow her to return and dominate everyone. Fox’s criminal offenses in the film are undoubtedly the norm for many struggling producers, but the film’s seeming assumption that he’s coming because he helped us enter the disco era is rather ridiculous, not to mention pretentiousness and condescension, with all the depths of the puddle. The end result is the exact performance of a stage hit, devoid of emotions, energy, or anything that can be described as dynamic.
