Before I begin, I want to briefly say that this film itself is very well made and well played by all the participants, including Whittaker, who really deserves his appointment. This is very interesting, and. ., taken in the right context as a piece of FICTION, this is a very good film. For this, I give him two stars. <br /> <br /> However, instead of wasting time on what you can read a hundred times elsewhere, I want instead to point out the absolute fictional nature of this film and how dangerous it is to sell artwork to people like like it's true. I emphasize that this film, nowhere in the credits, does not allow us to understand that the main character, Dr. Nicholas Garrigan, is a perfect invention of science fiction. Rather, he represents this character in a real historical setting and allows an uninformed viewer to assume that he really was real, and what they see is true. I have no problem with a combination of facts and fiction, but to do it in such a dishonest business, in a word, is reprehensible. <br /> <br /> There can be no doubt that Africa, along with the majority of third world countries, is replete with human suffering and suffering. Hollywood has long tried to capture the suffering of people in these countries on film. But Hollywood also aims to make money. The only sure way to capture the suffering that seems to happen everywhere except in the West is either to experience them yourself, or at least to capture them in an honest documentary. <br /> <br /> But these images of fictional characters in real historical conditions can only be done so much. In the end, they began to talk less about the facts that the viewer would decide for himself, and more about leading you from image to image and hitting you on the head with a cry: “SEE, WE SAID THAT WAS A BAD!” Original example This can be found by anyone who wants to watch a DVD documentary after watching a movie Perhaps the most shocking image of the film is viewing the body of Kay Amin, Idi's second wife, whom he killed when he discovered her unfaithfulness. In the film, we see that her limbs were cut off and attached back (arms for legs and vice versa). This is the director, who makes sure that you understand that Amin, as the gangs say, is a bad bom! But, looking at the documentary, we learn that in reality it is nothing but a myth, which the current Minister of Health tells us in due time that this is not true. <br /> <br /> So. , , what kind . do they just do these things? What for? Because Hollywood has a low opinion of our intelligence, that's why! They do not trust us to come to the right conclusion. Look that she was killed and dismembered is enough in itself so that we come to the conclusion that Amin was not a pleasant guy whom he portrayed in the media - we do not need these images inspired by Texas MASSACRO to reinforce it! And this is just the tip of the iceberg. The casual viewer also does not explain the fact that the main character Garrigan himself is fictional. Under the wing of Amin, there was not a single young Scottish doctor. Thus, Garrigan is clearly present only to help us dumb Westerners understand the African world. The producers seem to believe that we will not be interested in a film about Africa if it does not have a white face. (Ironically, even the black title character is portrayed by an American black actor!) The problem is that the film no longer talks about Amina and his regime, but instead the exploitative thriller about how a white West man comes to Africa for all the wrong reasons. by making some terrible mistakes and then “redeeming” yourself, even at the cost of three other innocent lives. Honestly, I must say that it is almost reprehensible to assume that the real tragic death of Mrs. Amin was the result of a meeting with a fictional Scottish doctor - it almost seems like a painful joke for fun! I really want Hollywood to stop teasing us for our money. For the first time, I realized his inclination to do this with the sadly manipulative mind, the beautiful adaptation of Ron Howard and Akiva Goldsman to the life of John Nash, who removed the darker side of the man to imagine only the tortured hero America just lacks. The sad truth is that Hollywood has been selling these fakes to us for years, and viewers who, as one would expect, are too lazy or do not want to investigate, buy these fake portraits - a hook, a line and a sinker. <br /> <br /> Listen, I certainly don’t assume that Amin is being turned into a villain he wasn’t. The bottom line is that the truth is so shocking to convince us of the cruelty of this man, why should Hollywood go on such fabrications? Why should Hollywood continue to insult us, holding these films in hand? Why can't they trust us to think for themselves? Can we not just show an honest image on the screen and let the viewers decide for themselves? I urge all those who continue to watch “real” Hollywood films to do everything possible to ALWAYS investigate for themselves, and NEVER presume that what is on the screen is even close to the truth!
