The performance of Forest Whitaker is all the more impressive because you really shouldn’t survive this sunken duck. “Historical fiction” does not justify a change in history. Absurdity starts from scratch with an imaginary hero played by James McAvoy. Creating a fictional observer with the goal of providing the reader with a communication point in the book is regrettable, regrettable that white people cannot just read a book without a white main character to whom you can connect, but at least it was placed in a somewhat passive role. Making up a historical actor and attributing this invention to exposing Amin to the world is irresponsible, lazy and stupid. The inability to make the actions of this creation believable or even sane is simply criminal, and opened the door to films similar to the ones they plan to do with Leonardo Di Caprio as the heroic exposer of Enron, who NEVER EXIST. The logic of the world is not applicable in this film, where a Scottish child believes that it is normal to sleep with the wife of a murderous dictator. This does not apply to cases where the dictator's wife wants to sleep with some dull skinny, irresponsible white boy. In this regard, EVERYONE is lining up to sleep with this skinny, irresponsible, arrogant white boy, he even has Gillian Anderson licking her cute chops. <br /> <br /> Let me state, I don’t like James McAvoy. I'm not sure what it is about him, but I thought his Mr. Tumnus in Narnia was creepy and perverted. I think that Kerry Washington would never have looked at him twice, so I cannot believe that the wife of such a powerful, dangerous person as Amin would risk and lose her life for him. I do not believe him as a Doctor, and I just don’t see any appeal. His character seems to be much more arrogant than it makes sense, and trying to make him look like a bully in shooting a cow was just ... again this word ... absurd. Think about it, you watch all these characters bend into knots to accommodate this incredible main character, and this guy has never been. <br /> <br /> Gillian Anderson looks incredible and sounds more British than most Britons, Whitaker demonstrates magnificent impressive magnetic characteristics and emphasizes with his incomprehensible preoscar speeches how much he played. It's a shame that the film around him had no reason to exist.
