"Women? They are all scrubbers ...!" <br /> <br /> No, not a very good translation; not at all! It lags behind last year's “Daddy's Army”, completely missing out on the special magic of the small screen of the original comedy television comedy series, and in general can’t play interestingly with a large screen ... You could say that this film is well within the decline of Britain, or rather British film industry declining. And this is hardly a recommendation, is it? To be an example of sad stupidity ... <br /> <br /> Cliff Owen, Galton and Simpson: all that remains after the subtlety of the television original was surgically removed: endless, dilapidated music signals, a yawn from the theme of Ron Greiner ... maintaining sentimentality (this trashy, eared end ... how much bolder the second Stepto film looks compared to it) increased semenity - with the director and writers seemingly completely separated - fully applicable to something like "monstrous origin" (claim enne your on this site) in 1973, "Mutations." In the scene where Harold is beaten in a rugby club, a strangely spoiled, shrill tone sounds, which I partially hate and give away (so far, as my friend said, because of the mood of the series ...), but at least it seems original biased and symbolic of tension that had just boiled in Britain in 1972 ... However, there is an implied prostitute, a "golden heart" that turns into a free woman - a traitor "pon bad auld" Arold - and outside the caricature writing element '; not to mention the unexpectedly erroneous views from the usually formidable leashes. Brambell and Corbett collude with the script and really cannot cure him of the essential ham. What would Anthony Aloysius Hancock make of all this ...? I just admit that for a few moments only about work - mostly those where the G & S play things a little more carefully and the B & Cs touch the nerves of the tender - and this is generally not a thing to watch. <br /> <br /> But, oh my God, how painful it is for me to say this: it’s tiring, boring, deliberately divorced from reality and from what made the series gorgeous, and also completely in harmony with the lazy, tasteless, woman-hater, it will do ... ”, in fact, much of what was allowed for mass filmmaking in the UK at that time.
