Well, let me once again acknowledge that I have not seen other Merchant Ivory films (distributor). Also, I have not seen more famous works of the director, so my ability to discuss "Before the rains" outside the analysis of the film itself is reduced. With this tolerance, let me begin. <br /> <br /> Before the rains, this is another film that doesn't know what genre it wants to be. At first it pretends to be romance. In most of the novels, the protagonist falls in love with the supporting character, separates from the supporting character, and (sometimes) teams up with his partner. The hero of this film has already won the heart of his lover, but can not be with her. His name is Henry Moors, and her name is Sajani, and they live in southern India during the times of the extinction of the Rajah (British imperial rule). Henry was away from London for a long time and fell in love with his married Indian maid, despite his legal marriage and a child abroad. What could be better than that? They often sneak around on close days until some children notice them. The message spreads to her husband Sajani, who questions her relationship with Moors. She denies any connection with him, but Moore asks her to leave the area. Sajani refuses because of his loyalty to him and commits suicide. Note that these events occur in the first third of the film. The film changes its tone and becomes a criminal drama in its last parts. <br /> <br /> The body of Sajani is found just at the moment when Moore’s family visits it. The alleged offender is Assistant Moors, studying English. T.K. knows about the business of his master, but remains silent until his life is threatened. As soon as he is declared innocent, he tries to regain his honor by killing Moors. T.K. too squeamish and leaves him on a muddy path when it rains. <br /> <br /> I want to warn you that this is not a romantic film. A DVD cover and theater posters show an Indian woman and a Caucasian man embracing in an idealized tropical setting. This image was taken directly from the opening of the film, but quickly disappears. Then it's over. This is like trying to capitalize on Western obsession with forbidden love. It is not effective at all. The film is not only not romantic, but the characters lack individuality. This is a bunch of walking cliches. Moors is an arrogant white man who does not recognize his Indian friend, intelligence TC T.K. torn between his own heritage and education. Sajani is a woman unable to make a choice in her romantic life. Oh, and, of course, the Murcia family is curious about Sajjani's death, but still a little racist towards the Indians. If the tone were not so serious, I would not pay attention to these problems, but this is not so. The film is presented with didactic overtones, which underlines its poor character development. <br /> <br /> No, this film is not terrible. In addition to the ridiculous scenario, he is not poor. The actors are all experienced and perform well here. Nandita Das, playing Sajjani, was part of the wonderful Indian drama “Water”. Even director Sivan has an impressive resume. He recently watched "The Terrorist", which is part of the Roger Ebert Collection of Great Movies. What happened here? Why is this movie so bad? Well, Sivan mentioned how he was inspired by the director of this film because of the short film he watched in Israel called “Red Roofs”. The story was apparently “timeless,” and Sivan sought to create a similar experience in India in the 1930s. I have no problem with this approach, but I think Sivan might have been too motivated this time. Actors, cinematography and set design are acceptable, but if you don’t share Sivan’s aura, you’ll probably not like it. I recommend that you assume that you disagree with him, and watch something else. Final consensus: * and ½ of *****
