After I watched this film for the first time in many years, I can understand that it is considered one of the worst Laurel & Hardy. For me, this is not as close as Air Raid Wardens and Bullfighters, but there are some serious flaws in this. The film was created to show Laurel and Hardy as owners and instructors of a dance studio. Hardy is fun when dancing “London Bridge” surrounded by the stars of the 20th century Fox, while in the next room Laurel teaches beginner ballet, wearing a ballerina outfit. Awkward carpenter spills glue on the floor, which leads to a predictable gag when Hardy eventually loses. Then came the racketeers, now selling insurance covering their protective racket. One of them is a very young and handsome Robert Mitchum. But as soon as they force the boys to buy insurance, they are arrested. <br /> <br /> This is the end of the gangsters and the last time we see a dance studio. The rest of the film is dedicated to the support of Laurel and Hardy rich patron Trudy Marshall and her friend inventor Robert Bailey. First, they try to help them hide their relationship from her disapproving parents (Matt Briggs and Margaret Dumont) and the encouraging admirer Allan Lane, about whom we can immediately say that this is a bad pig. This leads to the fact that the hidden bar Briggs opens the one who is full of tea, and the gag, where the rug is literally pulled out of the rich patriarch, who cuts into his bed in the pond below. When Bailey uses the boys to show his ray gun, there is a crowd. The butler of the dead declares to Case and Dumont that their house is on fire. <br /> <br /> Later, Hardy wants to use an insurance policy to earn money to pay for renting her dance studio, and hopes Laurel will break. foot for that. There is no reference to the fact that insurance vendors were gangsters and that the policy would probably be invalid. (Even if they had become a legitimate seller of insurance services, after their arrest their licenses would have been revoked). Laurel ends up leaving the bus, which was left by the driver for a supposedly rabid dog (just a frosting-covered cake devouring similar to Toto, or perhaps a real dog), with the result that Oliver ended up on a huge beach rink. the coaster on which the bus somehow ended up, perfectly fitting the wheels to the tracks. The rollercoaster jokes can be exciting, as evidenced by “Abbott and Costello Go to Hollywood”, and this is fun, but antilimatic. <br /> <br /> As the story ends, all these jokes don't seem to have a point, giving the impression that it was just a series of single-lever films put together to make a full-length feature, we hope this is part of L & H's double counting, as I mentioned in other reviews of their later films, lost much of its brilliance after leaving Hal Roach, but surprisingly, they don’t look as old and tired as in films shot in the same the movie. year. If the jokes weren't as funny as in the case of some of their other films, this would undoubtedly rate “2” rather than “3.”
