For those fans, Laurel and Hardy, the 1940s and the following years were a very sad time for the team. Their contracts with Hal Roach Studios expired, and now they were “free agents” able to work in any studio that offered them work. Unfortunately, Fox, RKO, MGM (without Roach) and even the French film company, which hired the guys, didn’t touch their comedic talents at all. In addition, Stan and Ollie were much older, and seeing these geriatric men making traps seemed sad, not particularly funny. Stan looked very exhausted, and Ollie’s weight increased to such an extent that he could barely walk, and so I was embarrassed to laugh at their very, very dull antics. <br /> <br /> In addition to their age, this particular film suffers because Fox Studios in a strange way played them in a supporting role and created a parallel storyline involving a young couple, which reduced their time on the screen and turned them into tasteless "hangers" instead of being yourself. Sweet and pleasant Stan and Ollie are very alien to old Laurel and Hardy from the 20s and 30s - and they seemed just strange and did not suit them well. <br /> <br /> Now, even with their age, it CAN have been a worthy film if it were given a worthy composition, and if it appeared, the studio cared for him - and it is clear that they used “block B “Here — with, at best, second-class support. In particular, very little laughter, and the last 10 minutes of the film are just awful - relying solely on a sloppy back screen for a silly chase scene - which can be considered one of the worst movies of its kind. <br /> <br /> For the intoxicated zombie lovers, Laurel and Hardy are a movie that they will surely enjoy. But for lovers of the team who want to honestly evaluate this film compared to their amazing early films, he just really wants. In fact, of all their full-length films before 1940, I cannot remember one that I liked less than DANCING MASTERS. Unfortunately, from films after 1940, this can only be one of their best. Unfortunately, everything has become much worse - with such disgusting films as “GREAT NOISE” and “NOTHING, NOT A PROBLEM”. I would just like the boys to just retire after SAPS AT SEA. <br /> <br /> Finally, I’m wondering if all the positive reviews of this IMDb movie reflect the reviewers ’love for the team more than testifying that this is a good movie? For an audience that is NOT already in love with the team, I do not know HOW this film will do anything other than fatigue the audience - this, of course, will not convince anyone that Laurel and Hardy were comic geniuses. But even comedic geniuses need material worthy of their talents.
