In this film, all art-house cliches are used (slow tempo, long static shots, the minimum number of dialogues) to hide the fact that there really is not worth watching: the plot does not have to be said, the characters are depressing (woman lead) or cliche (Terstege character ), and they never talk to each other about something that concerns them rather without the adventures of life. The film tells about a woman who learns about the adultery of her husband. Instead of confronting him, she hesitantly takes revenge, committing adultery by herself. After a fight and reconciliation with her sister - who knew about adultery without telling her - she asks her husband to stop cheating on her. It seems they are reunited as a family. The other two plot lines — the planned relocation of the elderly woman’s father with his young wife to Guernsey and the rivalry with the woman’s sister — do not offer any interesting events. The suicide of a woman’s colleague, who seems to trigger the events in the film, is not an object in itself. For 2005 - or any other year in this respect - this is not enough to make an interesting film. <br /> <br /> Moreover, those small opportunities for dramatic development that exist in the script are not used or deliberately avoided, for example, when both a woman and her sister mark a certain piece of furniture from their fathers' house to be sold. because of his planned relocation. Both sisters want this particular thing and, given their rivalry in the past - in relation to much more important things than furniture: men - in theory this could lead to confrontation. Or a problem can be solved by one sister giving way to another. In any case, it will not be a very interesting or original development of the story, but at least it will represent some development. This situation is clearly outlined in the film (both sisters stare at each other during the markup and one sister mentioned that she did not want to draw straws), but this deceives us from any resolution: the scene just ends and how it is in itself rather dreary and materialistic - the issue is resolved, not shown. <br /> <br /> Despite the fact that the dialogue in the film is almost completely absent, it is painfully flat and warm. For example, when, during a visit to Guernsey, two sisters turn to their rivalry, this happens in a three-line dialogue, in which it sounds childishly “yes, this is no, this is not so”. The scene of battle and reconciliation with the two sisters is completely without dialogue, which creates a very artificial, overly stylized and unrealistic impression and significantly reduces its influence. The path of a woman is finally - finally! - refers to the adultery of her husband in a single line of dialogue, and you need to believe it, - and at the same time, absolutely incredible. It seems that the husband does not have any noticeable reaction or, if there is one, it does not manifest. The woman does not mention her infidelity to her husband. The scene in which the woman, the husband and their little son are sleeping on an airliner, which the sister is watching, may be a happy ending, but how the characters solved their life issues in what it was before makes this unlikely. <Br /> <br /> Due to its slow pace, uninteresting history, lead direction and absurd lack of dialogue, I found this film an example of everything that could be wrong with an art house film and a complete waste of time.
