I don't know what I missed here, but I can't believe all the positive comments from so many people in this film. I thought it was stupid, and a little too. I really liked the speeches of Gregg Henry and Michael Rucker, but others were just ... boring. <br /> <br /> Now I like movies B, true, but it was a little further alphabetically. to me. I saw someone compare the humor and horror in this film with “Army of Darkness” and “Sean of the Dead”, as well as with “Equal to Resuscitator”. You must be joking. I did not find this film funny, he tried, he really made an effort (perhaps too much effort), but, in my opinion, he failed. By the time I was hit by the 3rd or 4th one-liner, I rolled my eyes and looked at my watch. <br /> <br /> In some other films, respect was definitely given, which is always cool, kind of like an internal joke for us horror lovers. But here it could just be the lack of original thought. Admittedly, there were some good special effects, good blood, but it can't carry the whole movie. The mutated Grant looked like a cross between Jabba Hut and in the early stages of mutation - the Couple from “Strange Science” (after he turned into a monster) and one of the alien creatures / children from “Researchers”. It just did not work. I thought it was something that a child from grade 5 could come up with. Then there was Brenda, the woman that Grant had soaked and shackled in a barn. When help finally arrived, she looked like a giant tick waiting to be jumped out. The design was once again completely unimaginable. Flesh-colored round ball with a face in the middle. * yawn * Now about zombies - the more films I see with zombies these days, the more I want George A. Romero to have a patent for them and be the only writer / director allowed to do films about them. He is still the only one who does it right, with the exception of Edgar Wright and Simon Pegg (but it was a comedy). Yes, and Danny Boyle, but it was a different style of Zombies. Maybe Mr. Romero ruined any film about zombies because of his ingenious ability to make his actors moan, moan and shake, as if their joints were dry and they lacked even a drop of synovial fluid, and their muscles struggled with the consequences caused by the severity of death, which began to manifest itself right before it was revived. The people from Wheelsy just didn't have the proper motivation ... they were terrible zombies. <br /> <br /> At the end I give "Slither" 3, for a couple of laughs and some good scenes.
