Slither is a horror comedy that really lacks horror or comedy to qualify as one or the other. He has one scene that is exceptionally good, any number of zingers who work, but very few real scares and not enough humor to support the film. In addition, the script does not focus on the hero and heroine, and fails in several places. <br /> <br /> The main disadvantage of this film is that it represents and then leaves its hero (Fillion) to follow Grant Grant (Michael Rooker), as he was first introduced, and then becomes a monster. This whole part of the film is addictive - the character of Michael Rucker is not as interesting for us as for a man, and watching him go through a series of movements, playing in the interests of the monster, it might be interesting if it were Grant - Portrait of a man Turning into a monster, and not in the alien film of the comedy horror invasion. Ultimately, the problems of this film in the script are not as important to the audience as the monster acts or spreads. The goal of the horror comedy is to put heroes in the corner with the help of shotguns, and then throw beetles at them, and every time something frightening or disgusting happens, they puzzle over. Instead, we get a study of the habits and tactics of the alien, which simply delays this part of the film. Allegedly, the heroine (Elizabeth Banks as Starla Grant) plays a more important role in this part, but, nevertheless, I felt that the film left its narrative track, if only he did not plan to follow Grant to the very end. <br /> <br /> When Fillion and his squad finally confront the aliens, the film really starts cooking, but again the problem is in the script. At this point, viewers know - and the characters should know - that Grant is not just suffering from some kind of disease, but acts accordingly (shotguns) - instead, they constantly discuss more and more evidence that this is not what “allows us to get You are going to help the hospital. Although their reaction could be human and real, these are action movie characters, and they just had to do what the film promised - the action was delivered. The lack of action scenes in the movie with so many ideas was a big failure. . <br /> <br /> *** SPOLE RY AHEAD *** After the first confrontation and rupture of the bag with alien larvae (minor character and perhaps the best scene in the film), the script once again produces the film. At this point, one of the characters is almost captured by an alien and develops an alien understanding. Gunn) chooses an entirely new character as this character, and not one of the already developed secondary characters. Why? Why did he need to introduce a completely new character more than an hour into a film that becomes central? nym in the story? By the time this character is attacked, we know almost nothing about her, and she doesn’t give a damn even if she’s a charming teenage girl in the bathroom. If Gann decided not to use this character and simply used one of the minor secondary characters, he could have completely avoided representing his family and saving time and money. In addition, the hero and heroine would have been filled with alien plans without any additional characters and could have destroyed aliens faster and more energetically. <br /> <br /> My latest criticism is based on the look of the film. Gann is primarily a writer, or maybe it was a budget constraint, but this film looked ugly and uninteresting. Most of the action takes place at night in the forest or on the field, and the screen just looks dim. Sets in Wheelsy (the fictional city where the action takes place) look cheap. The whole movie looks cheap. Kassa Mojo declares that the film budget was 15 million dollars, the newspapers say that 29 million dollars, and considering that they did not use any personal talent, I would say that this money did not appear on the screen. The monster is simply repulsive and rarely looks deadly. <br /> <br /> The latest criticism is primarily based on the reality of the character’s actions. By the time Fillion and Co. began to hunt Grant / alien, one woman had disappeared, and Grant, as is well known, was maiming animals. At that moment, I expected the FBI, or at least the state police, to appear and assume the role of sheriff. The woman disappeared and was probably killed, and the local resident acted mentally. Time to call the authorities. But mostly I was hoping that this would happen, because I just wanted some characters to appear and act. <br /> <br /> Although this film is supposedly a terrible comedy, the movie in which it looks the most like is “Dreamcatcher” in terms of a monstrous invasion and the type of monster and his intentions. Considering that Dreamcatcher had much bigger problems with history (especially with the whole plot of Morgan Freeman) and especially with the final, in many respects he was stronger, primarily because the main characters were stronger, but more importantly, because that he looked beautiful. Although it may be anathema — a preference for a film that is weaker in the overall plot and structural structure of the spine due to production values ​​— it just shows you how uninteresting I have found the Slither view.
