This film confuses me. Maybe I'm just a dumb American, but I really don't get 400 hits. Everything I read about this film was complete nonsense, but I just could not stay interested. I'm sure it was so revolutionary in filmmaking, as all critics say, but when it all comes down to it, it's really very boring. Maybe this is a language barrier, maybe I'm just not sensitive enough or elaborate, but in any case I hated this film. The story itself is not bad; This is a young French boy, to whom his parents and teachers are unfairly treated, and in the end he enters the institution for minors. That in itself should be interesting, and that was, at first. There was nothing bad in the dialogue, but again it is difficult to say, because half of the conversations were not subtitled and for no apparent reason, so I did not always know what was happening. But for dialogue, which we could understand, it made enough sense. The actors were plausible enough, but it's hard to say what a real person would do in these situations. So you feel like the protagonist, but only in the sense that when he gets into trouble, you think it sucks. The plot is not even your typical plot. Every time he gets into trouble, he gets into even greater trouble than last time, but the reasons never change too much. And through the whole movie you realize that the main character can do nothing with it. So it's more like waiting to see how it ends. The ending, by the way, was completely over my head. It is too difficult for me, and I just did not understand. Follow to the end was easy enough. The structure was, of course, there, and it made sense, but everything was really tightened. By the number of dialogues and significant moments, the film could be shorter by an hour. This is simply not the end. In part, these were unnecessarily long frames, none of which were particularly memorable; for example, the final was a clip of the main character running along a country road that lasted for a good thirty seconds. Now, I'm sure it has a deeper meaning somewhere, but for the average viewer, I would rather get up to get more food during that time. Or, at least, did something more rewarding than sitting and watching how this boy runs, such as washing clothes or taking a nap. <br /> <br /> The final verdict. <br /> <br /> Throughout the film there was a feeling that it would probably be very touching and simply amazing, and that it would give me a great life lesson if I could get what the director was trying to say to her ?? unique solutions. Anyway, I felt cheated for two hours of my life.
