This film, also known as “four hundred hits,” is a mistranslation. "Fair-le-400" means "live a wild life." As a Frenchman, I am stunned when I see the popularity of this good, but by no means outstanding film. 1. This is not the first film of the New Blurry Movement; see “La pointe courte” by Agnes Varda, (1956), “Hiroshima mon amour” by Alain Resnet (1958), “Le beau serge” by Claude Chabrol (1958) Historically, “Les 400 Coups”. 2. “New vagueness” was sometimes hard and heavy for their predecessors: “Overnight”, “Julien Duvivier”, “Henri-George Cluzo”, “Claude Autan-Lara”, “Yves Allegre” and many others were doomed to oblivion. This selfishness and this contempt is usually "New Vague." You have never heard (or read) the great generation of the thirties (Renoir, Carne, Gremillion, already Duvivier, Fader) laugh, say, at Maurice Turner or Max Linder. So, thanks to Truffaut and co-authors, some people will never discover some gems of the French of the fifties or forties (“Sue-Le-Sil-de-Paris” Duvouvier, “Two” Autant-Lara, “Neva and the youth of Petit” and “Manege "Yves Allegretta). went so far as to say that William Wyler, Georges Stevens and Fred Sieenemann are worth nothing! 3. “Les 400 Coups” is technically rather disappointing: it’s very academic, the story is as linear as possible, the teachers are caricatured, and mother Claire Mourier says memorable lines like (you should be French around 1960 to see how funny): Well, your father only has his brevet (high school diploma), and I only have my high school diploma! You should know that around 1960, hardly 10% of students had HSD in France! In the end, Antoine Doinel had to be proud of his mother! She wants him to have diplomas, who can blame her? 4. Compared to innovations of "Hiroshima mon amour", which has a completely new form and a new "fragmented" content, the value of "les 400 coups" fades. Truffaut will master the new form only with a very excellent “Jules”. and Jim ", who is assisted by the incomparable Jeanne Moreau. 5. The interpretation is pretty tough: Jean-Pierre Leo, who can be heard when he is voiced in English, is still decent, but he will soon degenerate into the most affected generation. 6.Tema = from the stolen childhood had better days before (in Julien Duvivier "Poil de carotte", in Louis Bunuel "los olvidados") and will be after (in Maurice Pial "l'enfance nue", "Kes" by Kenneth Loach) I do not want to humiliate Truffaut, his film is not bad, but, frankly, French cinema lovers prefer Jules and Jim, l'enfant sauvage (film true, truthful and commercially uncompromising due to wine) “l'argent de“ Poche ”(same academic as“ 400 coups ”, but much more amusing) or his nice fit Hitchcock's“ Vivement Dimanche ”. <br /> <br / >
