Frank Zappa's axiom says that "music journalism is people who cannot write interviews, people who cannot speak for people who cannot read." If you ever need proof that musicians can't talk, this film is for you. Repeated depth attempts stumble upon themselves, ending with monosyllabic comments uttered by amazing voices: “Wow.” (Thank you, Idris Mohammed.) This film is pretentious, but although most of the pontifications from Yussu N'Dour and his gang of cheerful men (and one symbolic woman) decide, the music saves the day. <br /> <br /> The main idea of ​​the film (what I consider to be the main one, crossed out from a fuzzy commentary) is interesting. Gather a group of musicians from America and Europe and take them on a tour of various musical styles that grew up in slavery and back, returning to their roots in the music of West Africa, and to a concert in the old slave fort. Grief off the coast of Senegal. We relate to the gospel, blues, jazz and their variations, including fantastic drumming in New Orleans and Senegal. There are also a lot of N'Dura's own compositions. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, this is another weakness. It is never entirely clear what N'Dour himself wants. To some extent, the film seems to be an exercise in self-promotion on the part of N'Dour. He wants to play his own music, to some extent jazz and to perform in the company of musicians he admires. He is obviously a little embarrassed by this, and at the beginning of the film he receives the blessings of the curator of the Gore Museum. <br /> <br /> The clash between different agendas is evident in several other places. For example, someone obviously felt that it was impossible to tell the story of black music without the participation of the Gospel choir, but N'Dour and most of his comrades are Muslims (this was repeatedly mentioned throughout the film). The entire early sequence involving black Christians is inconvenient, and then they disappear from history until a group with close harmony appears at the end of the film in Dakar (the only black Christians who can keep their tone?). (To be fair, they appear in triumph and perform the best play in the film.) If the history of black music should nod in the direction of the Gospel, then why not in the direction of Latin America? Where are the black musical influences from the Caribbean and Brazil? Samba? Reggae? Then there is Europe. Here, the black diaspora does not seem to have created musicians of this caliber, since N'Dour chooses an Austrian guitarist and trumpet player from Luxembourg. Are they on the team just because N'Dur has played with him before? What personally annoyed me the most was the long sequence in which they tried to recreate a kind of 60s culture “Hipster / Black Force / Nation of Islam” that took place in Amir Barak’s New York house (ak. Leroy Jones). Hearing people talk about the importance of “knowing their history,” and then perpetuate ignorance in the next breath. Why do so many African Americans believe that the Arabic name is a confirmation of their African roots? And why do they think that Arabic Islam is much better than European Christianity? Who, in their opinion, created the trade of African slaves? In the film, there is little to say about the situation in West Africa today, except for the banality that the “current conditions” are the result of all the brightest and best that have been sent over 300 years. Senegalese seem to be poor, but happy, musically gifted people, friendly and hospitable, respecting their elders (and no more than they run away from visiting Americans to the fish market). Is it an ethnic stereotype or my imagination? There are no comments on armed guards, in which N'Dour and the film crew seem to need an opening sequence when they walk through the streets of Dakar. <br /> <br /> The film also has a strong influence on the fact that slaves who were taken from Dakar came from Dakar. The similarity between the folk style of drumming in New Orleans and the folk style of drumming in Senegal is cited as evidence. The last thing the slaves heard before they were sent were the drums of their homeland, saying goodbye to them. Except, of course, that in general the slaves sent from Dakar did not come from Dakar. They were captured or sold from within by the coastal Senegalese and sold to the merchants of any European power that currently holds the slave fort of Gore. The people of Dakar are not descendants of Africans who escaped the slave trade, are they also likely? more likely ?? to be descendants of people who sold their black brothers into slavery and exile. <br /> <br /> The clash of two subpoenas is again in the final part of the film. There are two separate endings. On the one hand, the concert, which N'Dur and Co. rehearsed and prepared along the way, and which they hold in the courtyard of the fortress Gore. The other end comes when the Harmony of Harmony sings the spiritual “Return to Glory” in the doorway of the sea entrance to the slave-holding fort. It is very touching, even if it’s hard to believe that the performance is as spontaneous as it seems. <br /> <br /> This is a film with flaws. It is unclear from the story that he is trying to tell and pulled in different directions. Annoying, confusing, beautiful and emotional in turn. Watch it (listen to it) for music and feeling, but don't expect enlightenment or intellectual rigor.
