I liked “The Curse of Frankenstein” so much that I hurried to “Frankenstein had to be destroyed” to see Cushing again ... even if this time without Christopher Lee. To my great disappointment, this film is not only without Lee, but without the monster Frankenstein at all! Was this the case "If we can't get Lee, we won't have a monster at all"? Why would they do that? Monster - half the fun of it all! This film is devoted exclusively to the study of Baron Frankenstein and his desire to complete the experiments, which he began with a brain transplant, before getting into a shelter. I found the script extremely weak, with the need to suspend disbelief imposed on the audience too much. I am ready to suspend a fair amount, but this film became rather ridiculous, which brought me out of the film, and did not plunge me into it. <br /> <br /> Peter Cushing, however, is absolutely brilliantly playing pure evil in this film. Being one of the most beloved actors and notoriously nice men, he undoubtedly could play a very evil and ominous one. The supporting cast is competent, but little can be done, even the young doctor and his bride were blackmailed to help Frankenstein. A joking police chief, together with his inflated assistant, introduces comic relief, then they are completely excluded from the film! What for? We are led to believe that the police chief will become the baron's main sworn enemy, then we believe that this will be a young doctor, and then he will become a victim of the Frankenstein brain transplant experiment. There was no tension, we did not invest in the “being”, and the final remained so ambiguous that it left one unsatisfied, because it became clear that they were preparing another sequel. <br /> <br /> In addition, there are practically no "terrible" elements. Yes, first decapitation occurs (behind the scenes), and we turn to the sounds of Cushing, cutting off the tops of two male skulls (again, from the camera), and there is the most disturbing and completely unnecessary scene of rape (90% of which, again, behind the scenes) . I understand that there is a love for “allowing the audience to present all this, because their imagination is much worse than what we can show”, but come on, if you are not going to give us a Monster, then at least let us SEE some of the “terrifying” elements you choose to include. Show us the skeleton in the laboratory, illuminated with green light, just not scary. <br /> <br /> In addition to the weak scenario, I thought the direction was mostly flat. There were some good shots, but otherwise there was no excitement, atmosphere or expectation. The same director shot The Curse back in 1958, and I thought he was brilliantly directed ... I think he was just as uninspired by this film as I was. <br /> <br /> The film gets 4 out of 10 from me strictly for the powerful, nuanced work of Peter Cushing ... besides, I found a little bit in this film that is worth recommending. Instead, I propose to watch The Curse of Frankenstein and see the truly great horror film Hammer.
