Even by the 1942 filmmaking standards, the production of HER CARDBOARD LOVER was extremely outdated. The frauds of one half of a couple (husband / wife, ex-husband / ex-wife) to return the other under the threat of marriage with another, divorce or possible separation through jealousy, humiliation or other schemes were made much better in classics such as HIS GIRL on Friday and PHILADELPHY HISTORY. Both of these films feature women with a strong, indomitable presence on the screen who played independent, proto-feminist characters. In both films, both women were alienated / divorced from their (witty) first husbands and were about to marry colorless men who were their exact opposite, and both of them would be forced to reject their future husbands and re-ignite their passion for each other. <br /> <br /> The plot in “HIS CARDBOARD LOVE” changes gender: here, this time, it is Norma Shearer in the role of Cary Grant to reflect the ex-boyfriend (George Sanders) by hiring Robert Taylor to portray her gigolo. The problem is that Shearer is too old to play a role more appropriate for an actress from the middle to late age; For Sanders, this is almost like a piece of furniture for most - any man who would fall in love with his bride, saw a strange man coming out of her bathroom, as it happens here, would knock the light out of him and cause a huge scene. Not here. And Robert Taylor plays his role as if he was trying to send Cary Grant half the time, and not in speech excesses, but in general terms. <br /> <br /> But the worst part of this is Shearer herself. For an actress accustomed to roles that gave her a sense of intellectual sexuality and dramatic presence, the play of Consuelo Craedon seems to put her in anguish of full excessive action, excessive emotion and excessive gesture, which, although they remain part of her style of action and more appropriate ten years ago, makes her look like an extremely well-educated performer, pulling a joke out of a situation like water from a rather dry sponge. It only lights up lights that tell the theory that Irving Talberg gives the creativity of her career and the choice of (most of her) roles; why she played roles such as Charlotte Vale and Mrs. Miniver in the NOW VOYAGER and MRS mega-hit scenes. MINIVER is a mystery, but again, most accounts also claim that by this time she was simply burned out of acting, that she had lost interest in all of this, and it’s no secret that anyone who has experienced such things has in fact lost focus and can not wait for retirement or end of the contract as soon as possible. This could be here. She seems to be lost, she seems tired, she seems to be uncomfortable, she passes through the autopilot, and does not live part. After this film, she will no longer be filmed, but will be responsible for the discovery of Janet Lee, who will become the star of the screen in the late 40s and 60s.
