I could not understand the meaning of this film most of the time, and no one else could, based on other reviews. The opening scene of this film has little to do with the rest of the story. In it, a photojournalist with a big mustache cancels his vacation to get away from his girlfriend. He was instructed to photograph the mountain range. It is rumored that they are persecuting me, but I cannot say whether he heard it from his boss or later in the film. On the way, he meets a wonderful writer (Patty Shepard) and convinces her to join him on his working trip. Throughout the film there is this terrible musical score, mainly consisting of noisy singing, which makes you shout "SHUT UP ALREADY !!!" What really hits a person is that the film always looks like it will soon become good, although it does not happen. Here, beautiful mountain landscapes and some really creepy atmosphere. The hotel and the quiet, abandoned old buildings scattered on the mountain, rather sinister. Misty nights look real, not at all like someone putting a car with artificial fog on the stage. And the idea, although not original, had potential. But it will never improve, at least not enough to be worth it. This is how it happens, more or less. They stay in this hotel, managed by a strange hotel owner (you expect his name to be Igor) with a hearing problem. There is a scene in which the writer thinks that there is a peeping volume in her window, but the scene is so dark that I had no idea what was going on. Whether it was poor coverage or a bad movie transfer is unknown to me. In any case, we will never know what happened. There is a scene where she wanders at night. Whether she is sleepwalking or hypnotized by the name witches is never explained. Another scene that is never explained is that when their car is stolen and then found again, nothing is stolen. They find themselves in this obviously abandoned mountain village, the only inhabitant of which is this seemingly kind old woman. There are other things, including a wild man in a cave who is never explained, an attempt to sacrifice the writer in any way (will they kill her or brainwash her to join them?), Witches themselves, a bunch of brunettes in white clothes which do not appear until the last 15 minutes of the film and whose practices and beliefs are never explained. Even the final scene has no meaning. When all is said and done, most people will say, “Eh?”
