To say that this film is very difficult to watch, and the same thing that upsets is very soft. It is also correct to say that the current available print is dark, dreary, scratching, badly edited, painfully duplicated, apparently censored and almost imperceptible in shape. This film is in dire need of a good remastering from a complete, uncut, original negative and, seeing how atmospheric it is quite atmospheric (and received a director's award at a film festival in Catalonia), it is probably worth the effort. On the other hand, perhaps not ... It is simply impossible to say in its current state what kind of film it really is. It starts quite interestingly, if you can devalue the completely meaningless sequence of opening loans, in which a mad killing cat, a snake-loving little girl named Gerda is involved. Mom-girl Karl (Monica Randall, who had to barely remove her eyeliner), sprays gasoline in the garage and sets the guy on fire. It seems that she is just as crazy as young Gerda, and goes to visit her former photographer (former?) Guy Mario (“John” / Dzhihangir Kaffari). He is on vacation at work, but so desperately trying to get away from Carla, that he is begging his employers to assign him a job ... any task. She frowns: "You will regret!" As he heads for the door. Well, Mario is tasked with taking a picture of The Mountain of Witches (somewhere in the Pyrenees, I think). Before getting to his destination, he sees a beauty on the beach named Delia (Patty Shepard) and takes some pictures of how she shoots her bikini. Only slightly irritated, she claims to be one writer, two flirted, and then decides that it will be a great idea if they go on a journey through the mountain together. When they stop near her house so that she can pack her bags, Mario suddenly hears loud, sinister music. Delia claims that he just hears something. <br /> <br /> So, they begin their journey up the hill, stopping at a local hotel to spend the night. There they meet a strange, partly deaf, insane host (Victor Israel), and Delia claims that someone was spying here through her window. The next day, in some kind of trance, she leaves the mountain and, eventually, is next to Mario, who jumps out of her jeep and runs after her. While he finds out what happened, someone steals his wheels, and they have to go bit by bit, eventually finding the jeep intact at the foot of a small, ancient, seemingly abandoned village ... almost like someone is trying to deliberately lure them there. Well, as we shall see, this is exactly what happened. In the village, they meet a friendly old woman named Zanta (Ana Farra), who claims that she is the only person still living there and allowing them to stay in her house. Mario takes a few pictures of the "abandoned" city, and when he develops them, they are filled with people. Crawling slightly, he and Delia begin to leave and get stuck in an "insidious" fog, they have to move out for the night and set up camp. The rest of the film is associated with voodoo dolls, black cats turning into sexy women, satanic rituals performed by ladies in bras and a deadly fall from the rock. And yes, by coincidence Karl, the excommunicated wife, also turns out to be one of the witches. All this happens in the twilight, and, frankly, I did not know what the hell is happening in most cases. The inconclusive “open” ending is just an extra slap to anyone who has to suffer from the rest of this senseless mess. <br /> <br /> To be honest, there are only a few things that stand out to me as really good. The first is actress Shepard, who has that great Barbara Steele, something of a dark, mysterious beauty. There is also an excellent musical score (attributed to Fernando García Morcillo) and chants that greatly helped make this film as atmospheric as he. Working with locations is pretty decent, but, as I said, the print looks ugly and does not make sense, so be careful with this.
