In Europe, this is known as "Who Dares to Win"; in America, it is known as the Final Cut, but under any name, this ridiculous SAS film asks the audience to put their distrust on one side for about two hours. I find it incredibly difficult to understand how Lewis Collins (the hero is here) was almost chosen as Roger Moore's successor in the Bond films ... this guy is so indifferent that he would struggle to get a job at the wax museum (like a wax job! !!) Fortunately, Judy Davis is ready to partly eradicate the romance with the brutal performance of a brutal lady-terrorist, and there are episodic ten-minute hostilities that are quite competently organized by director Jan Sharp. We add that the expectation of these final unrest is very, very, very long, and I cannot honestly say that waiting for a decent action for almost two hours was worth the effort. <br /> <br /> SAS heavy man Peter Skellen (Lewis Collins) is secretly hiding among the participants of peaceful protests who would like the end of the accumulation of nuclear weapons to end. He meets their leader, Frankie (Judy Davis), a strong and self-confident woman who can simply take extraordinary measures to achieve her goals. Frankie’s dedicated group cruelly laid siege to the American embassy in London, demanding a nuclear missile to be launched at a naval base in Scotland (she believes that when the world witnesses a nuclear explosion for real, everyone will be so shocked that they will join the campaign for disarmament). Unfortunately for Frankie, she makes the mistake of taking Skellen on her little raid at the embassy, ​​and he plans to thwart their plan from the inside with a little timely help from his SAS comrades. <br /> <br /> The film was inspired - quite obviously - by the amazing SAS attack on the Iranian embassy in 1981. Someone who saw this event in the news obviously thought that it would be nice to develop a film of this kind. Unfortunately, the film is pretty trite, with too many stupid dialogues and a hell of embarrassing bad scenes (the archbishop’s debates turn into a riot, anyone?) Anyway, this is funny, so it becomes a ridiculous figure when the public is on the verge of seeing her as an interesting villain. Who Dares Wins is trying to be a celebration of the military legend, which is SAS, but at the same time it plunges into clumsy fighting clichés and poorly thought out plots. The result is well-intentioned, but a completely ineffective piece of the boy's own absurdity.
