So, this film was proclaimed, glorified and brought to incredible heights. But in the end what is it really? Many of the ways it was made to work on the auditory audience on the screen do not work. A rather academic cinematographic work keeps the signature confusing, and the scenes that exist in ASL are difficult to trace even for those who are relatively fluent. Matlin's voice interpretation of the dialogue under the pretext that the character of Hurt "likes the sound of his voice", more and more turns it into a strange distant object during the film. Matlin really shines in those few scenes where her signature is not hidden from view. But, nevertheless, a large part of the film, when it is a love story, is shown only from one point of view - from the point of view of a person. As Ebert said: “If the story of the battle of two people for the common ground on which they will communicate, it is unfair to make the entire film on the terms of only one of them.” <br /> <br /> The idea that a teacher / speaker using methods that have been used in many deaf schools for decades will be presented as “revolutionary” is in itself rather offensive. His character becomes weakened as a trustworthy teacher as the movie continues. To draw a comedy with a deaf accent, frankly, quite low. And his attitude toward male students in his class is quite symptomatic about how he seems to be behaving with women: as a eligible man. The party scene involving many deaf people, including several academic meetings, leaves him apparently isolated, and this is quite contradictory to his authority: I saw the translators spontaneously switching on each other, even when they were not aware of the deaf person being in this area, and yet somehow it feels like a fish out of water in the environment, to which its formation should have brought it to perfection. As a lover, he looks like a typical stubborn buddy, including his propensity for possessive actions after that. And yet the film is really really visible only through him, since everything that his lover says is permeated by his voice. <br /> <br /> Scenes involving other deaf children are usually stenbangers. Broken symbolism fails, a dance scene, a pool scene, even the initial dream scene that must carry some of them - all of these scenes that try to hint at the isolation of the deaf protagonist are broken metaphors at best: many hearing people I know , dancing to bass beats that deaf people feel (instead of wriggling, as if coping with a chihuahua), and the opportunity to make an evening dive for a hearing person is rarely a reason for a profound statement about isolating deafness (no seriously, when I go swimming, I go swimming) ... <br /> <br /> At the end of the play, too, it does not work, instead it turns into a story about a deaf woman who obeys a strong man. Despite the fact that the original piece ended on more equal terms, where both should accept each other as they are, and where he must finally recognize her real voice, the movement of her hands, and not the vibrations in her throat. > <br /> And despite all the breakthroughs that might have seemed, Marlee Matlin remains a Hollywood deaf woman to this day.
