In most of us, especially in guys, there is something that delights the populist pay for real men in a truly working class. And Sean Penn gives it to us with a cherry on the roof. Hey, many people use Penn as a political whipping boy, but I don't rate films or actors / directors based on politics or personality. This is what right commentators do, such as the excrement columnist of fake movies, Debbie Schlussel. Recognizing that he is one of our best actors and a good director, I think this picture was a simplified part of an aimless eclipse that he has since redeemed. <br /> <br /> Well, you have the gist of it, there is this good cop, a soldier from the small town Joe, played by David Morse against a typical player who in the debut scene is chasing some guy on a country farm road to the big ones sixties cars. The bad guy stops, comes out, shoots him, so Joe has to blow him up dead. There was no explanation for what caused this man to commit such a desperate violent act, and the dead man's parents staged some kind of crazy freak at the police station, while Joe feels very sad and guilty that he had to kill someone. So we know that Joe, the farmer who had to leave his land as a cop, is a good guy. Then his brother Frank appears, he is a sadistic, immoral hooligan, fresh from the army and Nem, where the war caused his thirst for blood. Some people here and in other surveys called him simply an irresponsible hell raising a younger brother, and Sean tried to make sense of what our culture and tough-guy war John Wayne does to good people, but I saw an immoral, sadistic bully who likes to hurt and rob people Then there is mom and dad, Marsha Mason and Charles Bronson, who make the necessary turn as an old-fashioned country couple, then die; she is sick, and he is suicidal with a shotgun to promote the story for us. Both times, Frank, the bad guy, left, being a miserable sobbing. But good Joe returns him to Podunkvill from prison, so that Frank can improve his life by welding bridges and living with his completely stupid screaming dirty pregnant wife. But Joe has a good wife, played by Italian actress Valeria Golin, a Mexican, and Sean uses this as an exercise in some affirmative action that embellishes the good-natured Joe and his real sincerity under his uniform and neckline from the team. For me, it was a completely meaningless plot of positive action that Sean uses to spur his tough guy's titles, sucking up to Mexicans, because Mexicans are so cool and tough. <br /> <br /> But Frank is bad, and we get the necessary events such as hijacking a friend’s car, robbing a gas station, beating the clerk on the head, then setting the car on fire, and all the cool things that the infernal raisers do. Then there are the obligatory 8-millimeter footage from the movie in which young Joey meekly moves the lawn and cowboy dressed in Frankie, jumping on his back and fighting him and Yadda Yadda, so we all know what a deep connection exists between the two. <br /> Thus, the film wanders around with a lot of small town castle to warm the heart of any red figurine. Accompanying the film was a great soundtrack to good songs of the sixties, such as Jefferson Airplane and Janis Joplin, which were completely out of place, with the exception of the effect of the 60s era, to conquer the hearts of old hippies. Worst of all, because the film was inspired by Springsteen's song "The Highway Patrolman", this song was not included. <br /> <br /> So the mentally retarded wife Joe starts to work, and Joe runs off to the bar to dive in and tell some of the populist stories of the drunken victim about how hard it is, and kind Joe comes to drag him back to his wife . The bartender is a good Ole Caesar, played by Dennis Hopper. So, Viggo - Frank, without any particular reason, grumbles and beats up his friend Caesar after the good cop Joe leaves. <br /> <br /> Joe is stalking his bad brother, and I hoped that he would do the right thing and destroy this threat to society. Instead, we get a scene when his brother stops in front of him in some old 50s in a cadet on some lonely road at night, and little Frankie in his cowboy suit and caps gets out of the car to meet up with good Joe, baby of 8 mm memories. home movie Oh, such a thing! Then, to end this crappy juice festival, is there some kind of Zen crap about an Indian runner who is a messenger, becomes a message, ala Marshall McLuhan? See what I mean, Sean did much better than that, so don't be afraid to miss it.
