If my memory is correct when this film was released, it looked like a comedy - a funny look at the adult entertainment industry. If this is what should be, it really does not work. It's just not funny. If we leave aside this rather significant (as it is called comedy!) Failure, since I do not have personal knowledge of the subject, I will avoid commenting on the authenticity of the story, which concerns the events taking place behind the curtains at the Massage Salon in Toronto, except say - if that's true - life is pretty boring. <br /> <br /> For more than an hour this film does not really give us anything but basic knowledge of the main characters. Konrad is the newly hired manager of a massage parlor whose main task, obviously, is to make sure that the girls do not provide “full service” - a euphemism for real sex. As for the girls themselves, Betty's goal is to buy her own room so that she can run her own business, Cindy is an illegal immigrant to Canada who works to support her family in her homeland, and Lia is a well-known, strange, unspecified character with nipple fetish. - truth - which seems to be in business, because - well, because it is in it! I have no idea what her character is about. These three can be quite reasonable composite characters who accurately represent the motivation of the women involved in this business. <br /> <br /> The film twists and does not give much, until the "turn" shows that Konrad is a bad guy. We should have come to this before. The only thing that was really interesting here was this part of the story - Conrad’s secret plan and the revenge of the girls against him. This plan of revenge was pretty good, and you are grateful when it came out, because basically up to this point you wondered why you spent time on it. If the story were more focused on revenge, this could be a pretty funny movie. <br /> <br /> All the performances of the four passages were in order, although I did not think that someone seemed outstanding. All four characters were a bit shallow. Cindy was a sympathetic character, as was Conrad for a while, although he turned out to be the bad guy in the film. Considering the subject, surprisingly little nudity (and what is there is limited to one scene). In fact, there is even a certain innocence around it. As for the overall quality of the film, this is a low-budget effort, which shows, although you expect some gloom, I suppose, a film shot in the context of a salon for the body, so this is excusable. However, it certainly indicates that it was released 8 years ago and still remains the only evidence in the director Su Lew’s resume and - given the usual lack of depth in the Canadian film industry - that he wasn’t even considered worthy nominated for any Genie Award - a Canadian version of the Oscars. 4/10 - and I'm a little generous with that.
