I recently caught this stinking bomb from a movie on a cable channel, and they reminded me how badly I thought it was in 1980 when it was first released. Many reviewers are not old enough to recall the huge hype that surrounded this film, and the struggle between Stanley Kubrick and Stephen King. An extremely popular novel had legions of fans eager to see how the supposed “main” director brought to the screen this multi-layered supernatural story. Lot Salem had already been destroyed in the late 1970s as a television mini-series directed by Tob Hooper (he is known in The Texas Chainsaw Massacre), and was mistreated, turning the main villain into a book in Chiller Theater “A vampire without any real threat, thereby destroying the whole premise. Fans hoped that growth director Kubrick would succeed where Hooper failed. That did not happen. <br /> <br /> Of course, this film looks great and has an amazing initial sequence, but after these few achievements everything goes downhill. Jack Nicholson can be nothing more than Jack Nicholson. He is always crazy and has not brought anything to his role. I don’t care that many reviewers here think that all this is in this clinker, "Here is Johnny!" a bit in spite of ... he is just awful in this film. Just like everyone else. Scatman Krothers character, Dick Halloran, was necessary for the plot of the book, but Kubrick killed him in one of the loudest “shock” sequences ever filmed. I remember the audience in the theater, which I saw, as it repeatedly booze during the last 45 minutes of this pitiful film, those who stayed, this ... many left. King’s books never really translate well into movies, since most of the narratives take place inside his characters, and often metaphysically. Kubrick removed the tension between the living and the dead in favor of the style here, and the resulting mess ends so far from the original material that in the end we don’t care what happens to anyone. <br /> <br /> This film still stinks, and why many people think that this is a masterpiece of horror, I can’t do it.
