ATTENTION: This review contains spoilers. Do not read if you do not want some moments to be revealed before watching the movie. <br /> <br /> With such actors, you are wondering if the actors and actresses knew exactly what they were in, did they see the script and said, “Hey,“ Close contacts of the third kind ”were such a blow that this one may fail. " Unfortunately, this is so. Did they even think to check the director’s credentials? I mean, would you star in the film with the director of the film “The Cheerleaders of Satan”? This was done by Gradeon Clark, who later became the head of the infamous "Last Justice." It makes you wonder how people from Mystery Science Theater 3000 could use “Final Justice” and completely miss “Return.” <br /> <br /> The film takes place in a small town in New Mexico. One night a little boy and girl are left unattended on the street when a powerful flashlight beam appears, or a spaceship, and hovers over them. Probably in the worst sequence of movie special effects, the ship spews some kind of red ink on them. Looks like Clark kept a glass of water from the camera lens in the lens and dipped his leaking handle into it, so you were immediately treated to cheese. In any case, the ship leaves, and adults do not believe the children. Elsewhere we see Vincent Schiavelli, whom I find a terrific actor (see his scenes in Phantom for proof, as they are outstanding), who plays a scout, or, as I called him, in 1949 Shakhtar. He emerges from the cave in which he is located, and he and his dog are signed by the ship. Twenty-five years have passed, and the girl grew up like Sybill Shepard, who works with her father, Raymond Burr, to study unusual weather events. Or something like that. The shepherd notices strange phenomena in satellite imagery above this small town in New Mexico, and she travels there to explore it. As soon as she gets there, local ranchers pursue her and blame her for the recent killing of cattle, and assistant Jan-Michael Vincent comes to her rescue. From this point on, the film really drags on, as they quickly fall in love with each other, especially after Vincent drives away the locals and informs Shepard that he was a little boy who saw a ship with her twenty-five years ago. While this boring mess occurs, Vincent Schiavelli, with his killer dog, walks around, killing livestock and all the people he encounters with an unusual object. Do you know that these glowing plastic sticks are sold in the Halloween shop for those who love tricks or treats? Schiavelli uses what looks like one of these glowing sticks to burn incisions in people. This is the second worst effect in the film. Every time Schiavelli is on the screen with a glowing stick, the atmosphere of the scene suddenly becomes dark, as the filmmakers thought that the glowing stick needed this improvement. As a result, the film looks even cheaper than it is. <br /> <br /> And what does all this lead to? It's hard to say when the final, tangled scene arrives. You see, Barr and his team of scientists are trying to explain the satellite images that Shepard found as a sort of "calling card", but none of this makes sense. Why are Shepard and Vincent getting old, and Sciavelli not? Schiavelli explains why he kills livestock and people and why he wants Shepard to die, but even that doesn't make much sense when you really think about it. I mean, why doesn't he kill John-Michael Vincent? In the end, he had twenty-five years to do it. And the aliens will not need him, if Shepard is still dead, so why try to kill her? Speaking of aliens, it is never clear what they really wanted from Shepard and Vincent. What is their purpose? Why do they wait so long to intervene? How could they be so sure that Shepard would be back? Not that answering any of these and other questions would make Returning more enjoyable. You still have bad lines, a really bad game, especially from Shepard, stupid effects and bad leadership. Fortunately, the stars have escaped from this film. Cybill Shepherd soon starred in "Moonlighting" with Bruce Willis. Jan-Michael Vincent continued to star in dozens of B-films, often in excessive roles. Raymond Barr made a bunch of television films about Perry Mason until his death. Vincent Schiavelli has become an excellent character in a huge number of films. Martin Landau, who played a strange law enforcement officer, quickly made a terrific “Alone in the Dark” and a terrible “Creature” before making films in which he was recently famous. You can bet that none of these stars want their careers to return to Return. Zantar rating: 2 out of 10.
