I'm a big fan of Lucio Fulci; many of his films about Giallo and the Splashes are some of my favorites of all time, but this was done for a television film, completely out of the ordinary, and not what I expected from a great Italian director. The film is not interesting, as some of the more tamed Dzhallo Fulchi, or terrible, like most of its cult classics; thus leaving it missing in both major areas, and ultimately ensuring that the film is not very good. The film is based on a plot that has been used many times before, but nevertheless, this idea always has a chance to create an interesting story just because it focuses on the topic of the afterlife, which is ultimately unknown. This film is dedicated to Giorgio Mainardi; a person who is not very much loved, and after he dies from an apparent hemorrhage in the stomach, there are not many people who are sad to see him leave. This means that his ghost is trapped somewhere between life and the afterlife, and therefore he decides to try to get to the bottom of his death, and his only ally in this endeavor is his daughter. <br /> <br /> The video that I saw of this film is proudly proclaimed that the film is “HP Lovecraft-style,” and this is one of the most blatant attempts to sell a film that I have ever seen. In this story there is nothing even a little reminiscent of the great horror writer, and the reason for this slogan, apparently, lies in the similarity of the titles with the film by Stuart Gordon / Lovecraft “Because”, which is much better. The film benefits from a distinctly Italian style, and the score is pretty good. Unfortunately, however, Fulci found it advisable to positively fry every scene in it - and so the topic quickly becomes annoying. The plot is played out very boring, and most of the scenes simply involve a ghost who “desperately” tries to figure out something, or a daughter who suspects her family members. This film was made for Italian television, and it is therefore not surprising that all this is rather boring. There is some blood and a horrible zombie sequence; but these are not the fulci that we all know and love. In general, this film is extremely mediocre and does not very well reflect the talents of Fulci. No need to worry unless you are a Fulci supporter.
