Now I am a fan of the genre B, but this piece of garbage insults me endlessly. First, in the film, the main role is played by brother Lizzy McGuire, who annoys a small child looking for his lost three-legged dog. Now, please, what kind of stupid ass mistakenly takes a three-legged dog for a damned crocodile! And here's another point to think about: why do they show that Dinokrok on the back of the movie box is huge and actually in the water? I believe that if memory serves me, she spent about 2.6 minutes in the water and was shy 6 feet in height, it was a broken heart. But the redeeming qualities of this film were that it was so bad that I almost died of laughter, because, believe me, a bad game made me want to die. But the fact remains: this thing is once again being created by another military testing ground to prepare supercodiles for a military battle or something like that from the source of all the evil deeds of E.V.I.L. And let's not forget about the characters, let's see that we have the No. 1 scum as a male leader and a half decent chicken (who doesn't know how to behave) as a female motive for what I say WOW! The only thing that was worse than acting was, of course, the end, which the heroes spend on what seems like a two-hour talk and planning some long and difficult way to kill the dinokrok, only so that he would fail and kill him in the usual way. which could take about 15 seconds to come up with. Overall, this film was not only for gays, with his random operatic music in the background and the fact that he was probably the most fun of all the CGI monsters ever created with the fact that he, of course, immune to bullets and bombs (otherwise it would not be so). were made for military duh!). Of course, the best scene was when Brother Lizzy McGuire crashed into a shack, and dinokrok ate him up, making his head jump out with a noisy noise that I could add. I suggest that you better shoot yourself in the eyes than watch Dinokrok. As for the director, I believe that we have to force a group of people to hang him by the loop, and everyone takes turns kicking him in the crotch to spend an hour and a half of our lives until he finally dies, and then I can continue to live.
