“Plan B” is a rate only for numbers, except for one thing. I unexpectedly discovered that it was pretty annoying. <br /> <br /> John Cryer is the “star” of this film, he plays his ordinary, intelligent, selfish, snotty character, who is actually attractive in Pretty In Pink and has not been funny since. The grille doesn't even begin to describe its performance. Ricky (Mark Matheisen) is a muscular, blond, struggling actor who (gasps!) Just worries about his hair and styling. Talk about the nature of the stock ... ugh. At least the other three characters are somewhat attractive. Lisa Darr and Lance Guest play a down-to-earth, optimistic, caring couple that struggles to get pregnant. However, since they are not the deplorable drama queens, their roles appear to be considered boring and they are not given enough time to screen. Sarah Mornell completes the cast, playing Gina, your ordinary cute and pretty young woman, who seems to be just unable to find the right partner in love. I have seen this character a million times before, but at least her performance overcomes some of the shortcomings caused by the predictability of her situation. <br /> <br /> What struck me in this film was his youth propaganda of stereotypes. They presented the Russian character with the sole purpose of mocking him and making fun of how he spoke. He was portrayed as wild, ignorant, and surprisingly petty. They simply warmed up for the usual nonsense about gays. Gina decides to become gay because she is not lucky with the guys. Fair. It was not so bad, except for the fact that they really went overboard when Gina brought a lesbian to the Christmas party that her friends were having. Her lesbian date had very short hair (as I am sure all lesbians). She was also very upset (as I am sure all lesbians) when Gina had the courage to put on lipstick (!). Finally, her date goes around the party, attacking almost every woman there and pronounces her mouth when Gina expresses her disappointment. Of course, we all know that gays can't stay true for as many hours as months or even years, right? (Please note the sarcasm in this statement. Thank you.) <br /> <br /> This film was based on a weary and predictable premise from the outset, but the Cryer’s unattractive work combined with idiotic stereotyping lowers this film to lower depths. movie. 2/10
