Imagine that by adapting the James Bond novel to the film, the filmmakers excluded all action and tension to make it more suitable for children. Or, if the television producer told Chris Rok, he could not swear that his special offers could get a PG rating. In the same way, the director of the film “Something Evil So Comes On” brought excitement and blood in favor of melodrama for a younger audience. This created a monotonous story without complications of the book. Trying to make it easier for children to understand the story “Something Unholy on the Way”, the filmmakers eliminated the theme of good and evil that exists in everyone and the good that always dominates evil. This is evident in the transformation of the character of Will, the rescue of Jim Charles Halloway and the defeat of carnival. <br /> <br /> Will’s transformation into a more adventurous boy was drowned out in the film. The scene in which the dust witch visits Will's house in a balloon was cut from the film. Instead, the green mist follows Jim and Will home and gives them the same bad dream about the witch and her spiders. The balloon attack shows us that Will began to overcome his fear of doing something himself. He climbs onto the neighbor's roof and breaks the ball with the bow, defeating the witch. “Sorry, papa,” he thought, and sat down, smiling. This time it's me, one, ”- decides Will, preparing to face her face to face. (147.) Removing this scene from the film prevents us from understanding that Will is becoming more impudent. The film shows us many examples of how Will was afraid to follow Jim, but never became curious like his friend. In the book, Will has both the good, the quiet side, and the "evil," bold side, like his Jim. In the film, each boy has only one way of thinking, which destroys the Bradbury theme that good and evil are present in every person. <br /> <br /> In the book, Will Saves Jim thanks to their friendship, but in the film, Charles Halloway Saves Jim to pay back Jim's father. Will removes Jim from the merry-go-round in Bradbury's novel because he does not want his best friend to grow up without him. This Good Will, the fact that he cares about his friend, saves Jim from the evil curse of the carnival. On the carousel, Jim “gestured with his hand to the wind, the only part of it, the small white separate part, which still remembered their friendship” (269.) This shows that inside Jim was good, which has the potential to still defeat evil. But when Charles Halloway rescues Jim in the film, he does it to pay off the debt he owed to Jim's father, who saved Will when he was a little boy. By changing the motive for Jim’s salvation, the filmmakers destroyed Bradbury’s original idea that good is needed to defeat evil. <br /> <br /> At the end of the film, the carnival is defeated by tornado and lightning instead of smiling and laughing. When the book ends, Mr. Dark turns into a little boy, and Charles Halloway smiles and laughs at him so much that he cannot bear it. evaporates. In the world of Bradbury, evil people feed on fear and can only be defeated by happiness and love. He says that good will always prevail over evil, but only if that good is expressed externally. “Good to evil seems evil,” says Charles Halloway, holding the dying Mr. Dark. “So I will do you only good, Jed. I will just hug you and see how you poison yourself. ”(275.) In the film, Mr. Dark is the only one left on the carousel when lightning struck him and he dies. Excluding the weapon of laughter and smiles, the filmmakers believe that bad weather is the most effective way to defeat evil, as if lightning strikes only those who are bad. This removes the main theme of Bradbury’s book, which says that “good” towards others drives away evil. <br /> <br /> Good can always defeat evil, but trying to make films more friendly for children will always make filmmakers ignore some of the themes from the books on which they are based. In the film “Something Unholy Comes So”, Will doesn’t transform, Will’s friendship doesn’t save Jim, and smiles and laughter do not conquer the carnival. As a result, the filmmakers missed too many main points of Bradbury. The process of adapting a book to a movie too often destroys the world created by the author. In the case of this story, the frightening world of Bradbury of the opposing forces of good and evil has been reduced to a more daunting, simpler version of itself.
