Before I start, you should know that I am a big fan of many Sonny Chiba films. His biographical series about the life of his master, Masa Oyama, was amazing among the best martial arts films ever made, like most of his films about Street Fighter. The action was practically non-stop, and with the possible exception of Bruce Lee (depending on who you ask), he was the greatest martial arts practitioner in the cinema in the 1970s. Because they are so good, I watched at least 15 of his films and recently bought a few more (which I am in the process of watching). <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, despite my love for these films, I am NOT a crazy zombie who worships a person to such an extent that I rate EVERY film 10. There are several reviews like this on IMDb, and I truly believe that anyone who gives this film 10 should be ignored, because this is such a bad movie from a technical point of view and not even the best of Chiba’s works. 10 points is not a real rating - it's some kind of zombie fan trying to announce Chiba, not this movie! As I said, technically this movie is terrible. In part, this was a result of the fact that I saw the American dubbed version with its inappropriate prologue and poor duplication. But much of the problem still exists with the original Japanese seal. Working with the camera is just awful - like chimpanzees did (smart chimpanzees, but nonetheless chimpanzees). Often, many actions in the field of fast martial arts are skipped because the camera is too slow or the heads of the actors are cut off due to the scarcity of production. And again and again, the camera turns and comes out, as if it were a new toy used by an idiot, plus editing goes beyond the wretched - with cuts made randomly and intricately. <br /> <br /> I don’t know if the musical score is original or not, but it was also very, very bad. Like the 1970s acid rock, badly matched with Spaghetti Western music by Ennio Morricone, it was annoying, distracting and just silly. <br /> <br /> As far as martial arts are concerned, I think that chimpanzee choreography could slightly improve the situation. Instead of the glorious battle scenes that you look forward to in the Chiba movie, the fights are too short and are often overlooked by the camera !! So you have a story left ... and it CAN be just the worst part of the movie! It should be a film about drugs with Sonny Chiba in the role of .... Sonny Chiba! And when the film begins, he vows to destroy the drug trade in Japan. But the mafia (in the complete set there is not a single member who looks Italian, but who is ALL the Japanese) vows to stop Tibu. And when a woman comes to Chiba with promises to give him information on how to destroy the drug trade, he agrees to help her and risk her life without any conditions - even if she NEVER frankly tells him what he knows! In fact, it later turns out that she is simply trying to use Chiba to protect her, while she herself is selling a huge bag full of cocaine - and he CONTINUES trying to protect her !! It makes no sense at all, and for most of the movie it looks as if they were just making a movie without a script — for example, when they went to bars and brothels and walked around Chiba as if he were drunk. <Br /> <br /> So, if it was SO bad, why is it still worth 3? Well, first of all, there are still many horrible martial arts films (for example, many of them are from Hong Kong in the 1970s), including one with guys wearing kung-fu gorilla costumes and their handlers with 3 feet long languages ​​that they used in the fighting (now this is bad). Secondly, although the action is very bad compared to other Sonny Chiba films, compared to his contemporaries, it is not so bad. However, you could easily have done a lot better than this horrible little movie. <br /> <br /> By the way, if you are wondering if this is the worst film about Sonny Chiba, then this is definitely not the case! In one of his first films, The Invasion of Neptune Men, Chiba plays a superhero in a swimsuit that fights peaked invaders from the planet Neptune. It is so bad that he competes with the 9th PLAN FROM EXTERNAL SPACE, and THEY SAVED THE HITLER'S Brain for the horror of the boobs. Do not let small children look at this no matter how much they ask! Make them wait until they get older before you let them watch the awesome R-rated martial arts movies!
