The best thing you can say about this film is that if you are a Sonny Chiba fan, this film will give you a lot of it. Chiba gives a speech; Poses chiba; Chiba's taunts; Chiba looks at the camera; Chiba punches and kicks the living sushi of a bunch of bad guys; Chiba sits on sofas and chairs and looks thoughtful / thoughtful; Chiba drives his car ... <br /> <br /> I like Chiba as an actor and martial artist ... but even for a Chiba fan in this film there may be too many Sonny Chiba. This is obviously something like a vanity car for him. And no, I would not put Street Fighter in the same category, because in SF, he plays a ruthless amoral anti-hero and shares a camera with an intriguing actor of friends and enemies. Here he is in the center and almost all the time, and he tries to be Batman, Captain America and Bruce Lee in one person. Toshiro Mifune and Chow Yun Fat could not cope with this throughout the entire film, and Sonny, as it were, could not resist his greeting. At least he could get out of his suit from time to time. <br /> <br /> The movie is even more confused by the completely unreasonable and poorly made intro sequence (obviously attached to the front of the film for the American version) and the silly greeting "(" Viva !! Tiba !! Viva !! Tiba !!) that starts things on the wrong foot. There is some amazingly amateurish and unsuitable dubbing - Sonny (or his usual English assistant) clearly did not bother to make vocals for the American version, so they had some kind of bad dope with a completely different and smoother voice and dialect, which is quite a sharp sound coming from the face that we all know and love from Street Fighter. <br /> <br /> Even with all these shortcomings and overexposure, it can still be a small classic, but the camera work and the battle scenes are hopelessly cheesy. I’m ready to believe that karate actually works if it makes someone amazing, like Chiba’s character, but the director and cameraman hedges their bets by selecting and editing battle scenes with the herbivore so you can’t really see what happens. In most cases. Not everything is so bad: there are a few decent shots and tracks, and there is at least one memorable and nightmarish moment when the bad guys appear in the client’s bedroom really creative. <br /> <br /> As for the plot itself ... forget about it. For the "bodyguard", Chiba's character is something like an idiot. The scenario depends on his mistakes and oversights, which constantly put him (and his “client”) in dangerous situations so that he could get out of them, and after 30 minutes even the wildest judgments make one think that this guy should be good (Except if his character really wanted to destroy the Japanese drug trade, he would have taken his client by the neck for 10 minutes into the script and shook it until her teeth spoke like a castanet until she revealed her little secrets ... and you could would avoid a lot of senseless death th and conflicts.) <br /> <br /> However, in general, the film is far from the bottom of the barrel. It's still Sonny Chiba, and it's still fun to watch. I paid a dollar to get it from a DVD at a local megastore, and I feel it was worth watching once.
