This is easily one of the worst martial arts films I've ever seen, and it says something. Singing Viva Chiba, viva Chiba is heard in the title, soon you will sing for yourself silly, stupid. The main story is that the mafia drives drugs into Japan, and one person says to stop them, of course, this is our man, Sonny Chiba. Karate Master offers its services to anyone who can provide information about drug barons. A woman comes forward and he becomes a bodyguard, but what are her true intentions? Let me say at this moment, who cares? Soon we are being approached or tortured by a series of badly set battles and a lame storyline that becomes more and more ridiculous at every moment. Sonny eventually destroys the bad guys with his karate skills, the end of the story. Oh yes, the woman was spoiled too. Congratulations, you may have just watched the funniest movie ever. <br /> <br /> As already mentioned, this is one of the worst martial arts films I've ever seen. What makes it almost watchable is to see how bad a movie can be. Some have already mentioned the notorious American entry featured in the film. This is probably the most interesting part of the film, and this is beyond fun. I would agree that it is worth a look to see how lame the karate scene of the 70s was. Watch as Aaron Banks leaves the guy hanging behind his nuts, then turns over a fat student (bad editing), hitting him in the throat. But everything is badly done in this film. Awful incredible fights, fake, I mean fake blood, bad game, dubbing, wardrobe, and let's not forget the story. One person to fix the whole drug problem in the country? I bet. Battle after battle is ridiculous. It was in the 70s, when people still believed that karate was effective in battle, but Chiba takes it to a new level with some nonsense in this film. Let's see how he kicks the gun in half, kicks the guy so hard that it seems that he has dentures falling out, and, of course, breaking the scene with the bottle, let me rest. Not to mention the fact that it is very difficult to say what happens in fights, because it is filmed so badly. One part that was funny was when he broke the guy's arm through the door, giving him a difficult fracture. OK. As the action takes place, we turn to pieces of blood, really fake blood. Too to say that looked badly done and understatement. The acting game in this film is completely absent. In any case, I do not expect much from a movie of this caliber, as long as the action is good, but it is not, and, as expected, the duplication is extremely bad. Was it my imagination, or did they call an Asian go go go go dancer with a black accent? As you would expect from the wardrobe of the 70s, you will laugh at the seams at some of the trends, and nasty women stand for the unreasonable nudity that accompanies these clicks. Also, why was the mafia so obvious everywhere where black cloaks and hats are all the time? Do not try to hide it now. The heroes were stupid too. The owner of the club for pimps, one of whom is wearing a Japanese suit for pimps, and the other, having a taste for the heads, looks like a fat hippie. Another thing that bothered me throughout the entire movie was terrible music with some whaling woman. It was very unpleasant. <br /> <br /> In general, this is a terrible film, both in martial arts and in creating a good film. This does not mean that it is not interesting. With a film made so bad, it's hard not to laugh for most of this film, if you can survive it. It was an old favorite watch with my best friend. If it were purely bad, I would give one star, but the laughter that it delivers raises it. 4 out of 10
