Lil Bush is a 30-minute cartoon show consisting of 2 15-minute episodes shown on Comedy Central. It takes place in the fictional, caricature of Washington, DC, and centers around the satirical, childish representations of George W. Bush, Condoleezza Rice, Donald Rumsfeld and Dick Cheney. Other politicians are also mocked in the same way and act as secondary characters. <br /> <br /> The pilot of the small Bush, in many respects according to the expectations of this commentator, turned out to be a rather superficial and esoteric production, which barely copes with the tasks set. His promised promise: a satirical view of the current presidential administration. Although it should be recognized that the premise of the show has SOME advantages, even if it would be difficult to imagine that a show based almost entirely on slander against one political person will survive in order to continue to produce episodes after the expiration of his term, the performance can be described at best just as sloppy, and at worst - just awful, overshadowing the little potential that the show had. <br /> <br /> Lil Bush, who can technically be categorized as “satire,” tends to ignore her actual use of a particular comedy tool in order to beat her goals in an extremely vulgar (but not particularly original, interesting or fun) way. Constantly weak TV series scenarios often boil down to recording Bush and Cheney's jokes, heard elsewhere and nauseous, and putting them into one 30-minute television unit. Thus, most of the jokes submitted by the authors were shameless cliches, some of which have been in public circulation for more than 6 years. For example, comparing the vice-president with Darth Vader may seem funny the first 300 times someone heard about it in a daily show / Report by Colbert / Letterman / Conan O'Brien / Monolog Leno / in any evening talk show yes, but it's not funny here. As if this were not enough, the plots of the show seem to exist simply as a means to promote the very same old, tiresome Bush jokes that the authors have made the program center. <br /> <br /> In defense of the show, when authors dare to write in a truly original joke (which seems rare), it is often somewhat ridiculous. If the show had somewhat expanded its depth and placed its characters in new situations, exotic situations, and not in the same old mistakes and “swamps” perpetuated by the Bush administration, therefore, there’s no need to rely on the same old jokes of Bush and Again, The show can be considered somewhat tolerant, and perhaps even innovative. <br /> <br /> Ultimately, it is difficult to determine which flaw causes the Lil Bush series to be the most damaging; his apparent lack of originality and poor quality of writing, or his painfully narrow ambitions. It is reasonable to expect that Lil Bush will be able to maintain a small base of fans of the left wing, that is, if they can tolerate an exceptionally bad letter; as long as the program continues to thoroughly mock the Bush administration. Despite this, most viewers will soon recognize the program, which is in fact a weak and meaningless vulgar attempt at satire, and will tune in to search for something more intellectual stimulation; The price is right, maybe.
