Carnosaur 3 is bad ... terribly bad. Bad to the point that it is ridiculous. No matter how hard I tried to convince myself, I just can't believe that someone in this world might find this interesting for good reasons. Come on, even the cover is bad! OK, special effects are absolutely ridiculous. These "Carnosaurs" are really funny. The scientist tells the soldiers that they are moving incredibly fast, but when you see how they run, they run at the speed of ... an actor in a rubber suit, trying to run as much as he can. And the explosions are funny (there is no other word to describe it). First, the bullet hits the jeep AFTER the guys say: “What was it?” ... And the other explosions are also ridiculous. But the worst thing is the script and the so-called story. You do not expect a good story (or, I don’t think that someone who makes this film expects a good film), but at least the story should try to find meaning. I mean how hard it is to make a story about how dinosaurs kill people, at least coherently. Incredibly difficult if you look at it. Oh, and if you think it's easy to make believable commandos your characters, tell the authors of this terrible, terrible crap about it. I mean, what kind of sick person would joke cheaply after the death of one of his buddies? And they do it a lot. And if you think that a film about dinosaurs killing soldiers, can be at least a saturated action, wake up !!! This film is incredibly boring. Attack of the carnosaurs (who invented this slop name at all?) (In boring sequences of actions in which little happens). Soldiers think how to defeat them (in incredibly funny scenes where they try hard to be serious, but seem to be unable to convince even one second). So, they attack the carnosaurs, but their idea doesn't work (another ridiculous sequence of actions). Let's return to planning (with the addition of a few silly jokes) in another ridiculous scene. And it goes on, and so on. And let's not forget the acting game, as convincing as the special effects ... and the story ... Oh, well, this film just sucks from A to Z. <br /> <br />
