Well, I had high hopes for this film "Carnosaur" simply because it seemed that the sequels are getting better when they come out. I liked Carnosaur 2 better than 1. I thought it was newer, so it should be better, right? Well ... I quickly realized that I was wrong. I was extremely confused with the casting. They returned Rick Dean for another character in the spotlight and Michael Macdonald as a police officer. As for Rick Dina Lola, in “Carnosaur 2 ″ I thought he was a good fit for this role, and he was not very annoyed, now in“ Carnosaur 3 ″ he was placed in an elite soldier. Now we get stupid here. In fact, the film began quite well with a decent shootout and dinosaurs coming out of small freezer trolleys, but as soon as Scott Valentine appeared, we had a mixture of a romantic comedy with very funny backward and flexible dinosaur performances. br /> <br /> At first I will start with predators, they have tails dragging the ground there, that in the second they were in the air, which looked more typical for a dinosaur that can run up to 50-60 mph. Now that they they ran, they moved back and forth, and their heads did not move at all. there were flexible arms everywhere, and since the director shot them very poorly, they looked silly and inappropriate. <br /> <br /> T-rex was extremely miserable, it would be better for them to use one of the previous 2 films. At least it looked a little scary. The one in this film looked like he was smiling all the time. His legs, when he walked, were cheerful, as if it was John Wayne in the old west, all with stiff legs and stuff. LOL One more thing I noticed was that the hands did not move, they were stuck next to his body, so it looked and sounded (God, the sound effects were terrible) backward !!! Now, if I were a director and realized that I needed to work with this, maybe I would probably have tried a little harder to hide the fact of a fake. As for the rest of the film, well, it was the sloppy and loudest military team I've ever seen. The weapons they used would not make sense for the script. They even had an arm wrestling scene inside the warehouse where carnosaurs were roaming, now I was tickled at this scene because I thought that while this nonsense was going on, Dinos would get there and cause some damage. Instead, the director spent about 7 minutes of our time. I would like to look at this film as 3 puppet dinosaurs. You are a backward military, a retarded dinosaur, a retarded scenario, and you have a wonderful 83 minutes to spend your day watching this. <br /> <br /> Now I am not saying that I will not watch this, because in fact I am doing I recommend everyone to watch this film, which wants 83 minutes of pure entertainment. It may seem that I am scolding, but in fact I am promoting this film to the point that it is. In fact, it is very interesting to watch, because while watching this, you yourself think: “Did the director really do it seriously?”
