I really do not see the real surplus value of this film. It's not bad enough to be fun. There is no meanness or gratuitous nudity (although there were many possibilities). There is no blood. In the first hour of the film, there is no waiting, because there are many scenes where tourists have parties, and the locals play in a funk tribal style. This last part was actually funny in many cases: you see that these aborigines beat congas and djembe, and this is really what you hear (badly synchronized) on the soundtrack. But they also added this cool bass line to the soundtrack. So where was the bass player? At some point, the natives are angry and start killing tourists. Why all of a sudden? This must be because evil white people are building this tourist complex, which, according to their myth, woke up the wrath of the god of the alligator river (I actually missed the explanation for this). But the natives helped to build a tourist complex for several months, so why sudden anger? And how the hell did they manage to push the helicopter into the water ??? This is all stupid and meaningless. This film also shows the worst African American model I have ever seen. <br /> <br /> Once our heroic lead couple visits this cave, where a strange, crazy old man lives. The only meaning of this scene is that they are making a “shocking” discovery that the crocodile killer is actually an alligator. Crocodile or alligator, what's the difference? It is big, made of plastic and eats people. All the same to me. Alligator is a pretty stupid creature. He is very stiff and motionless and does not even clap his feet when swimming. The eyes do not even move when they are taken in close-up. I assume that they did not know "animatronics" then in Italy in 1979. There are also many meaningless pictures of local wildlife. I suspect this is footage. <br /> <br /> As I said, the first hour was pretty lame, and the only reason I didn’t turn off the film was because my cat was sleeping on my lap, and I don’t want to wake up the sweet . But the last half hour of the film has become better. We will finally see some kind of action when the alligator swims through a crowd of panicked people snapping their teeth and chewing them. The most interesting (and at the same time funny) scene is when Alice and Daniel drive a van over the bridge and it collapses. We are looking at the match version of the van falling into the river here. Funny. But beautifully shot. There are actually several other nice camera movements. Amazing for this type of movie. I was going to point out some silly details about the end of the film, but I don’t want to completely ruin it if you decide to watch this movie. My advice is to stay away from this. If you want to watch a decent film about alligators, then watch Lewis Teague's Alligator. I admit that this is not Italian or JAWS plagiarism, but this, of course, is more fun. And if you are interested in other films shot by director Sergio Martino, then I highly recommend a very interesting year 2019: AFTER A NEW YORK. This is too plagiarism of any possible film “Post-Apocalypse-Future-Doom”. “Italians” and “robberies” are two words that are perfectly combined with each other.
