Dennis Hopper, without a doubt, is one of the best underrated American actors of our time, and it was interesting to see how he would play his role as a policeman in the case of a child’s serial killer. In most films, Hopper has always played with a psychotic threat that threatens to blow something up or go to a killer party, but in this film Hopper tried his best to maintain this intensity and emotion while carrying a shield. As soon as I got into the plot of the film, they hooked me, but those were just the little things that eventually killed the film. <br /> <br /> The idea of ​​the movie is great - not only are the police on the move to catch the killer, but we have a chance to see how the gangsters act to catch the killer. The plot of the football stadium is rather ridiculous, but it is necessary to engage the gangsters in a murderous hunt. <br /> <br /> This is all that can be said about the film. Although Hopper did try to act like a strong, experienced street smart policeman, I can't help but feel that his game was below the norm, and there was not enough conviction that he was really attached to the case. The direction was also terrible - she did not have the feeling of a real movie, but rather the production of a television movie. This is most obvious when gangsters first meet to form an elite team to hunt down the killer. When the lead gangster shoots another talkative gangster in slow motion, the action was weak, predictable and terribly uninteresting. It was then that I learned that first, the action would be terrible. <br /> <br /> Shooting the camera was amateurish, and the catchy scenes or the catchy images of the killer’s little sister had no real distinctive effect. If it was to be scary, it is not. Everyone acted terribly, and even for Hopper I didn’t feel his character, and I just didn’t really like his relationship with my daughter. <br /> <br /> The last thing that bothered me was the biggest team of the matchmaker. As soon as I saw the Swat team in action, I finally thought of something good. But I was wrong. First, the whole special forces team consisted of 4 guys. It is simply impossible. Secondly, it is obvious that the special forces team has no training, because many times in the film they carry their HKA4 submachine guns with one hand. If the killer was hiding near the stairs with a shotgun, these 4 idiots would have been smashed to pieces, because they didn’t even strive for anything or pay close attention. They should have kept both hands on the gun, aiming forward, but it seems that they do not take the work seriously and just flaunt around. Thirdly, members of the special forces team do not shout out commands such as "Keep your eyes open, watch yourself, do we go well ... etc." In fact, they use hands or radio signals. But they literally shout at each other - how should you catch the killer when he hears that you are going ??? And to top it all, these guys have no plan - apparently, they just run up and down in pursuit of wild turkey. In the end, they do nothing. This was the last straw. I am not a spetsnaz expert, but basically what I have just described is pretty common sense. When viewers find out that the movie is terrible, the action pretty much becomes the savior of the movie - when you can't even make the effort to make the action great, the movie is lost. <br /> <br /> I give 2 stars for the concept, but the rest can not be credited. If you want to watch a crime thriller, do not worry about it. In the film, a lot of crime, but there is no thrill.
