Antitrust law falls right into the category of films that are striving to do something great, being awake, but at the same time completely flat. I do not hate the film, but it lacks key elements such as suspense. There were other attempts to make a fascinating film about computers, for example, “Hackers” and “Network”. They all fail. The incredible ending of The Net and Antirust seems almost the same. The end of these films suffers from one huge error in perception: people in the computer business have an overly condescending ego, which suggests that the general population lives its own life, expecting to hear the latest news about PC and software. I have worked for many companies and industries, and they all seem to suffer from a broader view of self-worth, like this film. <br /> <br /> The way they introduced storylines was pitiful. Showing that Milo, who has a fatal allergy to sesame seeds, almost swallowed one of the restaurant's bread baskets, crossed the line of nonsense. Only his “girlfriend” prevented him from certain death. It makes you think about how Milo could have survived as long as he could, enduring the dangers of Big Mac buns and sesame bread sticks, as they covered themselves, well .... Big Sesame Breadsticks and Big Mac buns. <br /> Antimonopoly legislation also does not give much anticipation. Patterned and predictable plot twists and turns are easily found out long before they are revealed (well, was anyone REALLY stunned when Yi Ji Tso was killed?), Thereby destroying any real meaning of shock. And here again we have another movie / story where in the end the bad guys chase the good guys to “get the disk”. We need a moratorium on this Simple Simon storyline for 20 years. However, I clicked on. Maybe the ending will pay off, but no. A completely ridiculous ending, when we have the head of the company's security service, another supposed evil guy turns around and becomes a good guy who allows Milo to overthrow N.U.R.V CEO Gary Winston, it was funny. And, of course, news coverage of the arrest of Gary Winston is more feverish than when Hinckley or Oswald were taken into custody. Gary Winston, played by Tim Robbins, is a cardboard clipping from the same character that Robbins played on Arlington Road. But it fits perfectly into antitrust laws, which should be called "anti-climatic" or "anti-original." <br /> <br /> In the coming years, this film is likely to be banished and will only be shown in your area. UHF channel of the third level.
