When I sat down to watch this film, I really expected quite a bit, because the plot involves quite complex issues. Using football as a starting point for complication was also an interesting approach. However, unfortunately, despite his courage in resolving controversial issues related to the conflicts of cultures between Muslim and Western culture, the addition of conflicts between generations and prejudices towards gays / lesbians, it allows you to adopt a resolution with rather simplistic relief The tension that arose throughout the film. This gives me the impression that the creators took on too much of a task for themselves, trying to be deeper than they could manage. <br /> <br /> However, this does not mean that the film is directly bad, because it makes the conflicts quite believable and funny. The film manages to be interesting and entertaining in this matter, but, as mentioned above, the writers seem to have turned too deep. This led to a rather unrealistic behavior of the characters towards the end in order to withstand the growing conflicts. Thus, throwing the ball at a time when the creators could really shine, he raised the film to a new level of appreciation. <br /> <br /> Even if the film does not in any way attempt to truly become a dramatic piece of drama, the setting has such great potential in the plot that it becomes a disappointment when the “ball falls”. Thus, the film moves from a good and reflected comedy to a standard cliché, which becomes ridiculous in its happy ending. Nothing is left in Hollywood as the end. Thus, even if the story is fascinating, and you can go through a large number of installations, you can't help but roll your eyes in the direction of resolution. Personally, I was close to screaming "to finish already !!" on the screen. <br /> <br /> A decent acting was shot in the film, and the two young central heroines had good moments. Like their parents and other bi-characters. However, the handsome Irish coach was an embarrassing piece of acting that brings the film a little from the point of view of realism. He did not even look very handsome, but rather was involved in himself, despite his good deeds, because of which the impending conflict between the girls seemed a bit tense. <br /> <br /> I give film 4, since it was a fascinating story, and they were looking for a good perspective to approach the topic. The script and the cast had many good believable characters giving the viewers the opportunity to know themselves or others. If disappointments were not so disappointing, I would easily give film 7 or 8. If you liked this film, I would recommend the film “East is East”, which I think is also good if there is no better attitude to cultural conflicts. and also be fun and attractive.
