I saw a trailer for this film a few months before it was released, and MAN, it looked scary, especially because this film is based on the phenomenon of real life. I was incredibly interested, and thought it could be finally a decent horror movie / thriller after many years if shit. Well, you know how movie trailers make a movie better than it is: perhaps showing all the creepy parts or over-dramatizing certain elements. The film advertisements did both, which led to my complete disappointment. <br /> <br /> This is by no means the “most disturbing film in recent years.” Hell, I doubt it was the most disturbing film of this week’s release. This film goes too far for a story based on facts. <br /> <br /> This movie was not complete shit. I have to admit, it interested me, and Michael Keaton was a believable person who was looking for answers by supernatural means. In addition, this film is one big cliché. After the death of his wife John, he learns about EVP, which transmits the voices of the dead into everyday electronic devices. He unexpectedly receives messages from his wife! Oh my God! It is not only his wife who reaches him, but other dead people. Gee, imagine it. A film about helping dead people. Come on, give me a break! Cliche doesn't stop there. There is also a mandatory trick with stopping the clock at the same time every night and three evil spirits that threaten our hero. The film was not only cliché, but not terrible. There are literally two jump scenes in the film, and the two scenes are almost identical. The ending is terrible, as it leaves the door WIDE OPEN to continue. There is also a final message stating that only 1 of the X voices heard through EVP is threatened and a pleasant, fun melody is played. A way to break the mood guys. Jeez! After all, if you need another unforgettable horror movie, watch White Noise. The only reasons why I might think that someone would watch this movie is that he is either a Keaton fan or is interested in EVP. Undoubtedly, aspects of EVP may be a bit interesting, but I don’t like it when my film concepts will be squeezed into my throat and blown to my face. This film tries to be scary, original and exciting, but it is just the opposite. You know that you have a bad movie when commercials use ghosts to talk about a movie. “I will not see this film anymore”
