The life of John Rivers as an architect and family man changed for the worse when his wife disappeared and was killed after a strange accident that caused the replacement of a tire on her car. During the days in which she disappeared, he encounters a man who watches him and tells him that he communicated with his dead wife from the other side through E.V.P - the phenomenon of the electronic voice. Naturally, he does not believe in it, but then he hears strange phone calls from her phone, and therefore he contacts the man to find out more about EVP. Soon, John hooked him, but something supernatural does not like when he interferes in the affairs of the dead, as now, if not to get involved with his wife, white noise foreshadows events before they happen. <br /> <br /> From this DVD I sat on my shelf for a while, and I thought that I had better watch it, since it was not my copy. But then again, I do not think that the owners were in a hurry to return it, as they did not ask me about it. Well. So I decided to play, since I had an undemanding mood. Hearing and reading all the bad press, I did not expect anything good, but I was entertained for 90 minutes. Well, especially over 60 minutes, since the last half hour was largely confusing. The film is not as good as it could be, but time has flown by quite quickly, although it is a rather cool supernatural thriller. I thought it was no waste. In the first hour, I found some effective episodes rather interesting, and I was gripped by a terrible thrill caused by the slow progression of subtle silence and the tragedy that haunts you, but, unfortunately, it ends later in the film. It was then that the predictable intimidated jumps begin to manifest themselves and for some reason simply do not fit into the context. It gets rather hectic, loud and very confusing with his editing of the MTV style and kinetic camera work that is approaching action. I could not understand what was happening in the changeable and abrupt climax. A full explanation of how everything fits into the big picture is pure deception. This is a very unsatisfactory conclusion, because it goes to something big, but it reaches the bottom. I thought that up to this point they had done an excellent job with lighting and spectacular camera work. In addition to the distinctive bright lighting, the bill kept this gloomy atmospheric impact. All this is very smoothly done with the help of glossy and fancy equipment, which makes it very sterile and empty. <br /> <br /> You can easily see that the heart of the film is in technical components, and not in character expansion and history. In this fragile material there is simply no connection and prolonged feelings. After a while, he simply tries too hard to convince you that he falls into a manipulative thrill and pops up in many heartbreaking things from behind the grave. It just got pretty boring to watch someone watching a fuzzy TV screen after a while. E.V.P car was a star on the show. Well, it had more influence than silent speeches. Michael Keaton is a more than capable actor, but recently he has disappeared from the map, and here he shows a modest presentation of how dangerously obsessed John Rivers is. Although he really deserves much better. All the others are rather fragile and easily forgotten. Not because of the speeches, but because of the insufficient depth of their characters. This device was not a bad start, but it really takes the form of a pear, plummeting. <br /> <br /> I wouldn’t like to see it again, and I wouldn’t recommend it to anyone if you didn’t get interested in the subject and enjoy the recent harvest of Hollywood horror / thriller films. It’s just a hell of a pity that this overproduced film couldn’t connect it successfully, as it had a promising idea and a more than worthy cast. I did not hate it, but what a disappointment.
