Absolutely one of the worst films of the year. The plot is funny, the characters are poorly developed, and the package is annoyingly stupid. It all starts with the fact that Michael Keaton, who had just done nothing remarkable since Batman lost his beautiful wife, Anna, because of a car accident, possibly caused by the fact that she drove one of these VW convertibles, she must be rich. In his grief, Batman moves into a new apartment and enjoys a hobby: he doesn't write anything down, and then watches it. He learned about it from a really fat pretentious guy who was killed by three tall dark guys who lived on his TV. Pretty soon, he begins to see dead people, thanks to EVP or Electronic Voice Phenomenon, which is obviously a deal in which dead people can send messages to real people through tape recorders, video cameras, dead mobile phones (“Does Anna call the cell phone? But she ... DEAD! ... There must be ghosts. Mmmm. There are no other possible explanations. I wish I had begun to deal with it indiscriminately. "), Etc. Why can't they just write something down on a piece of paper or knock over some things to create creative icons never and not explained. Anyway, eventually Batman discovers that he really sees the future, and he decides to go help this woman he doesn’t know. He leaves his house just at the last moment because the tall dark guys log in right after he leaves ("Damn it! Can travel between the living and the dead using electronics, but I will be shocked if we can be on time! Am I right guys? (They nod in embarrassed agreement). "). He tracks this lady to the warehouse and finds out that this character is from the first ten minutes of the film (watch carefully or you will miss him!) Actually a serial killer working on three tall dark demons who are in Raiders Ark’s lost style of attacking and killing him is like cartoons that they are. At this point, detectives appear and rescue the ladies. After Batman’s funeral, he decides to send a message from behind the grave, apologizing to his son for being an idiot, obviously feeling what is the best way to protect your child about the horror of EVP is putting him in danger. The little kid just smiles. Nothing special, dude, even when his father, Batman, of course, starts talking to televisions. The culmination of the film was that someone had a phone ringing and some guy shouted: "This is Anna!"
