Casting the dice to choose: David Yannsen was 38 years old playing father Robert Drivas's father, who was then 31 years old (yes, I understand that he just finished college, but the script hints make him be a bum, and therefore , 24 -25 in the script --- it still puts Jannsen in classes for parents in junior high school) I assume that AMA wrote a medical miracle in 1938 in medicine. This film is not very well aged, and now its main attraction is just to see a snapshot of the city of sins, around 1969, and continuous smoking, strange hair (Dreev has an atomic comb, because of which he looks like a well). fashionable fashionable cousin and fashionable fashion that accompanied him. If anyone remembers, L.V. there was not quite London ... in those days the city was coddling with the mafia and gamblers. Drivas seems sexually ambiguous; his dad thinks he may be gay (by sad irony, Drivas himself died of AIDS at the age of 47), and the soap conflict is connected with the problem of the gap between generations (hmm, as if you could call the gap at 7 years). Son-boy wants to be his own man, and dad wants to drag him into the casino (Caesar Palace!), And he plays with girls (including the depraved Eddie Williams). Interestingly, the son does not seem to mind when he is considered gay - unusual for that time, and sweetheart Brenda Vakkarro is nearby to descend platonically above him. What nudity is terribly unconvincing is exactly what was needed to attract an audience to get an “R” rating in the early days of the MPAA rating system (then it was G-M-R [16] - and X). Editing is HORRIBLE and there are silly-silly hints from the Committee (the neo-avant-garde comedy troupe in the late 60s, which, fortunately, disappeared from the map in a few years). Don Rickles works as a blackjack dealer ... apparently preparing him for the role of floor manager in a much better casino two decades later. Not to give anything back, but then they would deal with the character of Mr. Rickles with the help of power tools and holes in the desert. At best, curiosity, far from the usual level of work Joshua Logan. Dos / Dias. Now go watch CASINO again ...
