“I love you in New York,” or rather “Manhattan,” which I like to call “I love to look at my people in love,” is an exact example of the difference between telling a story and telling a situation. For example, look at two episodes in the film: in one of them Ethan Hawk lights a cigarette for a woman on the street and begins to talk with her nasty sex talk, and in the other - with Orlando Bloom, who is trying to make a film with an incredulous demand from its director to read two books of Dostoevsky. Although the latter is not a good story from any point of view, it, at least, has a beginning, middle and end, as the composer tries to score, he is thrown onto Dostoevsky’s knees, and in the end he gets some help (and, perhaps, , something more) from the girl with whom he spoke as a link between him and the director. The scene of Ethan Hawk, however, does not look like anything, and it seems that she looks like an accident added by the director, the director of which she called (or, for that matter, Hawk with the combo "Before the Sunrise" and "Reality Bites" ). /> <br /> What is unpleasant in the general film is that a few stories that work really well go against one or two possible “stories” and then with the other situations that unfold to connect or overlap each other with a friend (that is, Bradley Cooper, Drea DeMatteo, Hayden Christensen, Andy Garcia, James Caan, Natalie Portman, etc.). It’s not even about the fact that on the set almost always in * Manhattan * and not in New York in Queens, on Staten Island or in the Bronx (even, say, even in Harlem or Washington Heights) - there’s not enough diversity as there are some. This is a lack of imagination, which can be found in the peak, for better or for worse, in Paris J'taime. Basically it has little to do with New York, with the exception of linking, and at worst (the Julie Christie / Shea LaBef segment) it is incomprehensible at a terrifying level. <br /> <br /> So, in general, wait for television, and do your best to dip and exit the film, that is, for three scenes: the aforementioned Bloom / Christina Ricci segment, which is charming; Brett Ratner's directorial trailer (yes, X-Men 3, Brett Ratner) with a very funny story about how a teenager drove a girl in a wheelchair to a prom, just to come across a big turn; and Eli Wallach and Cloris Lichman are a charming, rather old couple strolling through Brooklyn at the 67th wedding anniversary. Everything else can be missed, even the directorial debut of Natalie Portman and the return of Brother Hughes (only one, Allan) to the screen. A mixed bag is simple: it's like looking for a bag of mixed nuts with shit nuts to find the remaining almonds.
