I was always somewhat overwhelmed by the original Joe Dante THE HOWLING (1981) ?? thus, I was not particularly interested in checking any of his sequels; Some time ago I caught HOWLING III: THE MARSUPIALS (1987) ?? the same director as this ?? and found it to be watchable, but nothing special. <br /> <br /> The second installment, however, has a rather bad reputation, and I knew that I would have a good time watching this ?? if Christopher Lee wriggles in the midst of all this in the eyes of the expensive but pompous horror icon (the gracefully aged star repeatedly stated in his interviews that since he was the last picture for Hammer Films back in 1976!) In any case, this film was supposed to carry the subtitle "Your film is a poop" ?? being astoundingly inept in all departments (starting with the most important werewolf cosmetics)! <br /> <br /> The plot (and the dialogue) is not only horrible, but also has the weakest connection with the film Dante ?? Oddly enough, the author of the original novel Gary Brandner co-authored this himself! However, one of the undeniable moments (er ... low points) of the film is senseless elliptical editing ?? who tries to give the appearance of style to everything, but only reinforces its embarrassing factor! Similarly, the strange (and annoying) transitions between scenes, the meaningless punk rock theme and the cheapjack special effects in the climax! <br /> <br /> But what about the characters? Lee, of course, an expert on werewolves, which everyone thinks is crazy ?? until they come into contact with the monsters, that is; at least, nevertheless, one must admire the creators' ingenuity (or desire) in creating silly subtitles with double meaning! By the way, Sybil Dunning (like Stirba, The Werewolf Bitch is the subtitle for which it is known in the UK!) in an occasional funny tripartite lycanthropic sex!); her two snarling lieutenants (one of them is a depraved black girl) are especially annoying. <br /> <br /> Helping Lee on the side of good is two heroes yuppie (he was the brother of the character Dee Wallace the first time). the film and she is her colleague) and a ragged guerrilla group from Transylvians (nevertheless, they usually manage to easily overcome Danning's rather stupid werewolves!). Among them it is worth noting the dwarf, throwing a knife, which gets a particularly unpleasant (but at the same time split) death; later he was revived under the control of Stirba, in order to lure Li (turning childish ridicule at him on the streets of the village) into a trap. Should the last scene be a career nadir for an outstanding and impressive actor ?? well, either this or an early sequence in the disco, where Lee is forced to wear a pair of ultra-cool sunglasses to look inconspicuous among parties! <br /> <br /> In the end, if I were forced to mention elements in this that were not completely unhappy, I think I could say that the set of crypts (in which the heroine should be sacrificed) is interesting, or that a hybrid being a werewolf / bat (Danning's pet, who loves to "inhabit" the "body of his victims) is too strange to despise him ...
