Ugly shot, poorly written script and amateurish sequel to the 1981 classic Joe Dante. “Howl” is one of two or three ONLY good films about werewolves ever made, and yet he was “rewarded” with a series of unpleasant and unbearable sequels like this one. If this is some kind of consolation, “Stirba” is a continuation only in name, and there is absolutely no connection with the characters or events that were presented in the Dante film. The plot here rotates on the bloodthirsty cult of Trans-Silesian werewolves ?? first of all women ?? led by Stirboy. Stirbu is played by Sybil Dunning, who in the twinkling of an eye turns from a magnificent old woman into a blond superbaby (with an impressive breast) and becomes hairy when she is sexually aroused. Her sworn enemy plays the seemingly fatigued Christopher Lee. His character ?? Stefan Cross? an occult investigator who travels around the kingdom of Stirba accompanied by an American couple who lost their friend in the werewolf cult. If you're looking for extremely dirty blood and unwarranted nudity ... this is your movie. Even the smallest murder is shown in the smallest detail, and we even appeal to exploding eyeballs and the vile image of a gnome, which is pierced on a pointed fence. However, if you want a little bit of substance or depth, you will be greatly disappointed. Dialogues are confusing, and there is absolutely no stress to detect anywhere. The writers seem to constantly confuse werewolves with vampires (trans-Silvanian, garlic, wooden pegs ...), and Danning's magnificent balcony is shamelessly exploited as the only trick of the film. During the final credits, the picture in which she tears off her top was repeatedly edited (according to my reviewer colleague Dr. Gore, at least seventeen times!), Which is rather pitiful and pointless. The music is fine, and some of the scenery is quite beautiful. I'm talking about fierce-looking statues during the opening credits and dark dungeons of the castle of Stirba. Directed by Philip Mora - a giant mess and as I understand it ?? his only worthy film remains The Beast Within, released three years earlier.
