Howling II begins with the fact that it means the strange and surreal introductory narrative of Christopher Lee, whose image is superimposed on the field of a moving star, oh, and the skeleton appears for some reason. He says: “For what is written, the inhabitants of the Earth got drunk with its blood. And I saw how she sang a hairy beast, and she extended a golden halse full of the dirtiest fornications, and on her forehead it was written: here I am the Great Mother # an illegible word that I could not make out, no matter how many times I rewound the tape and tried, excuse me, # and of all the abominations of the Earth. "This introductory narration does not mean anything at all and is simply strange. After the introductory credits that are installed on images of Transylvanian architecture, we get a signature on the screen that informs us that we are in" Los angeles e, the state of California, USA, the city of angels. ”I knew that I had been there for a long 86 minutes. It was probably not too long after the events of the original Howling (1981) and the funeral of Karen White. After the ceremony with brother Karen Ben (Reb Browne says “occult investigator" Stefan Crosso (Christopher Lee), who says that Karen is a werewolf and that she will come back to life. Ben rejects such nonsense. But along with one of his friends and colleagues Karen Jenny (Annie Macinroy) he visits Stefan at home. There, Stefan tells them about werewolves and how they can be killed, he mentions Stirbe (Sybil Dunning), who is the queen of werewolves. Stefan also shows them a photo taken at the funeral of Karen of a woman named Mariana (Marsha A. Hunt), and that she is an extremely vicious and dangerous werewolf that Karen wants. Stefan says he stabs titanium in the heart of all Vervians. Ben finds out that Stefan means that he will also put Karen on the map, so along with Jenny he will go to the cemetery where his sister’s crypt must stop Stefan. However, many werewolves appear and attack Stefan, Ben and Jenny. They survive the attack and learn that Stirba is in Transylvania. All of them decide to go to Transylvania and prevent Stirbe and her werewolves from taking over the Earth, having fulfilled the age-old curse. Once there, they go to a small town called Vlkava, which means "where the wolves live," and meet with the local priest, Father Florin (Ladislav Kretzmer) and his small but devoted group of werewolf hunters. Hey, how else can I call them? Yes, and a dwarf named Florika (Lyudmila Safarova) also helps. They follow Mariana, who, they hope, will lead them to Stirbe. But Stirba knows about the arrival of Stephen and has plans for him, Ben and Jenny. Will Stefan be able to end Stirba’s plans for world domination? Will this film be more strange or surreal? Watch this and find out. Directed by Philip Mora, this is one weird movie mess. This is badly edited, as certain sequences simply jump incoherently. The biggest problem is the script of Robert Sano and Gary Brandner, based on his novel, which is everywhere and has no meaning or introduces us to some suitable characters that we like. Fortunately, it moves like a rocket and is never boring or boring, unlike the original. Something strange or strange always happens to entertain the viewer. Most people will probably hate it, but for those of us who like “bad” movies, this is the best of them. There are orgies of werewolves that are just strange to watch. We got cool weapons to kill werewolves. The sets and locations just seem out of place, and I don’t know if this was actually filmed in Transylvania, but this is not similar to what I thought in Transylvania of the mid-80s. Stirba Castle is part of a dungeon, partly Gothic castle and part of a modern luxury home. Stirba's costumes and her servants are very exorbitant, Stirba wears an outfit that looks like he is in the S / M video, and, frankly, she looks pretty sexy, and her minions also wear scanty leather clothes. The special effects of makeup range from good to bad, the dwarf's eyes explode, someone's hand comes off, and the priest has a creature from his mouth, but this is not a film filled with blood, although there is a lot of consistency with transformations and werewolf attacks. There is a lot of nudity here, and Stirba and her minions are a real crazy bunch of werewolves! I should also mention the music, terrible rock music prevails in the soundtrack, which I hated, and in the end I turned down the volume. Acting poorly on all sides, and what was Christopher Lee thinking about when he accepted this film ?! I wonder what he thinks about it. In fact, all this is a real mess, but I still found it quite interesting. Impossible to recommend, but it made me look to the end. Saying that the end credits intersect what appears to be deleted scenes and clipping frames, it also shows the same picture in which Sybil Danning takes off her dress and exposes her breasts, probably more than 20 times! If this is your thing.
