I have to add a special comment here. The various reviews I read compared this film with those of Wong Kar Wai or Hou Xiaoxian. that is, one of the remarkable fleets of Mandarin delicacies that have appeared in our country in recent years. Unfortunately, this is not entirely accurate. The film unfolds more like an attempt by a film school graduate to imitate these masters. Everything is there - a beautiful background, a vaguely minimalist dialogue, a slow rocking cinematographic work and, in particular, male roles that spend a lot of time thinking. It sounds good, but unfortunately, everything is not in order. Lead dialogue. A valid one, as a rule, cannot raise characters above the type; The couple and the younger sister are especially poor and not involved. Unfortunately, when the mediocre game of characters is combined with the classic “Chekovsky” (that is, very predictable) plot, the results are tiring at best, and painful at worst. I could not see, for example, the river scene of the “Blue Danube” bordering on a genre parody (although the misty, looking “spring” sky over the river did give a bit of black humor ...), in fact, I went to this film based on that Mark Li Ping shot it. While the setting is elegant, and the swaying camera is trying to reproduce the mood of "The Flowers of Shanghai", the film is visually not in the same league. In fact, I have to admit that after an hour of thinking about whether the script or acting was destroying the film, I suddenly remembered that I had to meet with my roommate for dinner, and took the opportunity to leave (and I can't remember the last the movie I came out of). I think, according to reviews, that the final could have left a positive aftertaste, but by this point I didn’t care. If you want to see something similar, made with a real talent, then I would recommend something from the two aforementioned directors, for example, “In the mood for love” or “Flowers of Shanghai”, both of which were shot by the talented Mr. Ping (former with Chris Doyle), and both of them are skilful enough to inspire years of unsuccessful imitations like this one. This is not often Mr. Hoberman misleading me, and perhaps you would prefer to listen to him, but do not say that you were not warned. Craig. <br /> <br />
