This is the first of the BBC series, The Complete Dramatic Works of William Shakespeare, which I saw, and if they were all like that, I would not look again. Almost the full text of the play is all that Romeo and Juliet aspires to, which is absent in all other departments. Alvin Rakoff shows himself to be a terrible director, both in technical and artistic aspects. Firstly, because he makes mistakes that even a first grade student will wisely avoid. Consider, for example, the poorly edited first shot of Abraham and Balthazar in the debut scene, or the nurse’s entrance into the monk Lawrence’s camera, asking where Romeo is with him so much in front of her that she will clearly see him even if she was blind. Secondly, because each of the performers is wrongly directed, even if some of them are good actors. Rebecca Sayr looks exactly as I have always imagined Juliet, and she does not look like a bad actress for a teenager, but her performance is completely lacking in passion. Patrick Raikart as Romeo is even worse, being not only as boring as Juliet, but also too old and not even likeable, meeting as the combination of Malcolm McDowell and Chuckie's doll. Bringing them together, it’s impossible to think that they feel something for each other, let alone be the main players of the greatest love story ever written. Alan Rickman in his screen debut plays Tybalt as if he were Darth Vader, which is a huge mistake that eliminates the complexity Shakespeare was counting on, not the hero or the villain, but the hero, but all the flaws of a person. This Tybalt is so vile that we do not believe in the pity of the characters after his death. As for Paris, I kept thinking about the "Prince Valiume" of Spaceballs. Only Celia Johnson manages to be fair to the character of the Nurse. <br /> <br /> At 168 minutes, this performance cannot make us empathize with the characters, because the characters do not sympathize with each other and have never seen believe their own roles. The best adaptation is still owned by Franco Zeffirelli. But frankly, this BBC is not as bad as abominations, like the bright geriatric version of George Cukor, or the crime against Humanity, which is the full-length MTV video of Baz Luhrmann. 4/10.
