Oddly enough, "Brigadun" - a very promising entertainment package. Gene Kelly and Vincente Minnelli, the “American in Paris” team, reunited with many great masters and women for their previous collaboration. The leading lady Gina is Sid Charis, one of the best cinema dancers of the 40s and 50s, and unlike the generally accepted “It's always good weather,” this film gave them a chance not only for one, but also for two dances. Lerner and Lowe were a growing band that was behind such future hits as “My Fair Lady” and Minnelli’s musical masterpiece Gigi; Lerner and Minnelli have already demonstrated their calm joint juices on the excellent “American in Paris”. <br /> <br /> What happened on this way? Why is the film itself so stupid a bore? Minnelli himself did not want to appear in the film, despite his former warm artistic and personal relations with Lerner. Perhaps this was because the film's innate conservatism was too big a step two steps forward for MGM and one step back for Vincent Minnelli. But as soon as Minnelli fell into the trap in this task, as the inhabitants of the Brigadoon, within his city limits, he tried to turn him into something that would take a particularly distracting, if not liberating way. The end result is really terrible to contemplate. <br /> <br /> Striving for the naive charm of Minnelli's previous hits, such as “Hut in the Sky” and “Meet Me in St. Louis,” residents in checkered tights worn by residents Brigadun cannot conjure up any ghostly nostalgia for these never former places. His whim does not even correspond to the glossy shine of "Yolanda and the Thief" or "Pirate", because the setting in the highlands seems too specific for such an exotic fantasy and too general for real human emotions. The only people in Brigaduna whom I, at least, can relate to, are the disgruntled man who is trying to escape and the unfortunate fellow traveler played by Van Johnson, who accidentally shot him. The common processes in the town of Brigadun itself are too mysterious and provincial, so that they can be attributed even to the backward form of Christianity: they seem to be clearly pagan in their aspect. For example, in exchange for the immortality of the Brigadoon, the honorable and, in general, “good” pastor of the city sacrificed his place in the supposedly blessed refuge. <br /> <br /> At some point we are sure that “everyone is looking for my Brigadoon.” Suffice to say that the box office for this picture confirms my own suspicion that most of us are not looking for this kind of quasi-sickening paradise. The premise itself is ridiculous and almost insulting, but it can work if the players are flawless, but Kelly himself is the most patronizing thing in the film, and Charissa is terribly mistaken as a virgin optimist in many ways as Lucille Bremer was mistakenly accepted in Yolande and the Thief . Van johnson makes his l the best version of the classic assistant Oscar Levant with Kelly (even smoking 3 cigarettes at one point, like Levant in “AIP”), and he offers a lot of fun moments. But it speaks for itself if the best part is a big budget extravaganza with all the best talents of MGM - This is an abandoned performance by Van Johnson.
