I do not often have to give negative criticism of the film; In the end, I often feel the maxim: “If you don’t have anything good to say, don’t say it at all,” I would advise many skeptics that we listen to every day to find fault with the things that we like. If you do not care, reader, although I feel obliged to point out that with the only exception of Christopher Walken in the role of Gabriel in this film, it is terrible. I say this to you in order to warn you in advance that even if you are a fan of Walken's deadpan style and style, or you like the original “Prophecy,” you will be very disappointed. If you buy it, return it. If you rent it, make sure it is only ninety-nine cents. <br /> <br /> What's wrong with this movie? The complete list will take too long to read and will tire you to tears, but the brief summary will be as follows: the once-clear picture of the relationship between angels and mortals in the first film is torn to shreds. Gabriel was turned from the rather painful right hand of God, which he once was (and in this role he was EVILLY ridiculous in the first), a little more than a bandit for heaven. Since Walken plays so well in the heavyweights (we all remember Frank White from King of New York), he is still a pleasure, but the supporting team is a merciless and unconvincing mess among mortals and angels who could not buy the key for 50 cents. If you can understand the plot, you're smarter than me than I am. It feels like we are wandering aimlessly from stage to stage, just to move the film to Walken's next big line. By the end of the film, you really want it to blow its horn and cause the walls of Jericho to fall upon the people who caused this unnatural disaster. <br /> <br /> The result is an insult to our mind that they made the continuation of this film in the first place. The original told the correct story, answered the questions that should have been, and left alone those that you had to think about later. There are no compelling reasons to follow these characters who were the first — the priest who lost faith, the little girl who kept the “big secret”, the teacher who defended her children — even Lucifer himself was more interesting in the first film than everything the rest of the characters in the sequel together. I feel sorry for those who watch this movie and not the first one, because they probably never want to watch the original, and this is a real tragedy.
