Everyone knows that the original “Prophecy” by Gregory Widen didn’t really require a continuation, but you also don’t need a degree in rocket science that hangs over your pipe to understand that further payments on this profitable horror concept were inevitable. The second part is a very prototypical example of a straight-to-video sequel, meaning that the creative and intricate plot of the original has been greatly simplified in favor of more actions, more witty plot lines and much more eerie religious scenery. The only good news is that the producers managed to leave Christopher Walken for the role of Gabriel, and he shows another great brazen performance that quickly justifies the rental price. If it were not for Wachen's performance (and, possibly, several players from an auxiliary squad, such as Brittany Murphy and Glenn Danzig), “Prophecy II” would probably have disappeared immediately after its release. The film begins with the fact that Gabriel is literally spit out of hell so that he can continue his War of Heaven here on earth. The goal of his battle this time is to prevent the birth of the child of the nurse Valerie Rosales (Jennifer Beals). You see, her unborn child is the first ever hybrid between a heavenly angel and an earthly "monkey", and the birth of such an excellent creature would mean the death of Gabriel's evil dominion. Thus, as in the first film, he recruits a suicidal accomplice to help him, and hunts Valerie up to Eden for the final duel. “Prophecy II” is a long and sometimes even entertaining film, if you do not compare it with the original, and if you manage to miss the numerous holes in the plot and errors in continuity. Whenever the storyline gets too tedious, the creators, fortunately, always insert Christopher Walken's almost brilliant moment to distract you. His interaction with rebellious Izzy and, in particular, his ignorance about modern earth technologies often leads to useful and memorable episodes. Slightly off topic, have I often felt that the ambitions of “Prophecies II” are similar to “Terminator II” ?? Gabriel’s resurrection looked like a teleportation of a futuristic cyborg, and the place in Eden where the final battle takes place is very similar to the steel mill where Terminator II also ended. I think a coincidence? In general, this is the worst and tolerable continuation, but still worth checking out if you are a fan of Christopher Walken's unique acting charisma (and who isn't?).
