This is one of those horror films where twenty-two of them are fooling around with dark arts around the fire, getting into a lot of trouble for it. A portal was opened, containing the world of demons, known as Kelipot Sitra Achra, from a man whose daughter, Summer, was kidnapped by something, dragged into it. Summer is trained by a mysterious group whose identities are never revealed to fight demonic monsters. This is part of the plot that is verifiable. In any case, the three imitative witches who went to high school together, Renéa, the most enthusiastic, serious practitioner in the dark arts, and her lesbian cohorts, Jasmine and Marlene (although this is more or less a passing fad with them, though. .) Join buddies, Jason and Ricky, on a trip to the desert, where Summer disappeared from her home ten years ago. Opening the portal with the help of an oral text written in an ancient book, the demon is freed, just like Summer, now a baby warrior, whose training led to a very healthy and athletic body and skills that were necessary to repel monsters into the other world. <br /> <br /> Low budget contains a ridiculous, but ambitious history, limiting it in a limited space. These young people spend a lot of time running through the woods hoping not to become food for the beast. As is the case with these films, the demon stands apart, as the story progresses, as Leto tries to remember how it all happened, while making friends with Jason, who wants to help her recover her lost time. The action is removed mainly in the dark, making it difficult to decipher any violence. Brigitte Kingsley (and the rest of the women in this regard) is some kind of mighty pleasant eye candy, dressed like a poorly dressed Conan woman, a gorgeous body that we look at with pleasure from the moment she appears until the closing of the movie. Some lesbians (some kisses and caresses) and nudity spice things up in a pleasant way, and the actors seem to have fun with a stupid plot ... it's so ridiculous that a stupid tone is probably suitable for the material. <br /> It may be interesting for one of the members of the Captain Brave group, Christian (real name Jason Rezo), who plays a major role in World Wrestling Entertainment, forging his alter ego like a chicken quivering with a clicking sound tree branches, Landy Cannon is cute as an unlikely hero, Jason, in love with himself, a naive young man whose former fiancé, Jasmine (Vanessa James), is now bisexual and in love with Marlene (Jasmine’s cruelty in playing with Jason's feelings, hiding her love affair with Marlene from his knowledge), while Ricky and Renée is trying to lead him away from the idea that he can kindle the extinct flame, never to light it again. The Kelipot demon is mostly dismal, I think, so as not to show how ridiculous it is, if presented in full. Lesbian antics Jasmine and Marlene (Hayley Shannon) are mostly tame, their love activities, once in the woods against the background of a tree, are softened and also illuminated by the blackness of the night. My rating is a little favorable for this, almost exclusively because of Kingsley, for purely superficial reasons, and not because of the plot or filmmaking. The film aims to please, and is sold to boys (and girls who love hot women). I think, however, for the most part, humor falls a little flat.
