This, of course, is a strange way to promote a film on which a lot is based. And this seems like a simple suicide on the part of the studio, given that (1) the feud between the actors was well known long before the movie was released. (2) The feud between the producer (Robert Fryer) and the director (Michael Sarn) was also well known. (3) The actors did not hide their disdain for the film and made it public at every opportunity, with daily newsletters from the series, happily reported gossip-everywhere. <br /> <br /> And (4) the author, Gore Vidal hated him almost from day one. However, this slogan sums it up. Raquel Welch gives <br /> <br /> an excellent game as Myra, and besides, she looks great. John Houston is very funny, like Buck Lohner, the ex-star “Cowboy,” who runs a fake acting academy. Mae West (in her first appearance on the screen since 1943), naturally, rewrote her role to satisfy herself, and she is gorgeous, as “overloaded” (and to put it mildly) “Agent of Talent” Leticia Van Allen. Nevertheless, she must have thought (after a long wait for a good car to return to) how she found herself in this mess. <br /> <br /> Tom Selleck (in his film debut) is one of her "clients." John Carradine and Jim Backus, as doctors, also swam for a while. Rex Reed as Myron, Farrah Fawcett and Roger Herren, as victims of Myrah / Myron’s sexual passion, neither here nor there. The same applies to the script, which not only does not focus on the main plot of the book, but seems to be moving in at least three different directions at the same time. Although the role of West was originally more, by the time Sarn finished editing, her role was cast as a bit part. And, partly because of this, she seems to be in another movie. Apparently, at some point, the producers realized that May would be the main feature of the film, and, unable to replace most of her footage, they threw her back to the set at the end of filming for the second of her two songs. both from nowhere. The device that Sarn used to throw in the old films of departed stars to emphasize what he was doing does not work at all. By the time the movie ends, all that tired viewers can do is wonder what the hell it was all about. It is not surprising that almost everyone involved in the production felt the same way, and it died at the box office. The technically flawless DVD includes (among other things) separate comments from Welch and Sarna, each of which has a completely opposite view of what went wrong. Without a doubt, the re-release of the home video was triggered by the 2001 Vanity Fair. “The part that tried (in great detail) to do the same. True, the structure of the novel made the screen adaptation a dubious undertaking, but with Sarny at the helm of what was clearly "problematic" production, he never really had a chance.
