It was the sixties, and anyone with long hair and a fashionable, distant attitude could get money to make a film. This is how Michael Sarn, the director of this colossal failure, was able to get a job. Sarn is one of the most mediocre people who ever earned a dollar on a film. In fact, the entire studio was deceived in order to arrange to hire a guy who made exactly one previous film, a terribly valuable black and white film from the 60s named Joanna. In this film, an equally mediocre actress / actress Genevieve Waite, who could barely pronounce a whole line without breaking into some irrelevant facial expression or bat-like tweeter, starred. Sarn, who was probably unable to direct the cartoon, not to mention the big-budget Hollywood film, was above his head. The book by David Giller is the best place to find information about how the terrible baby Sarn could have pulled the wool out in front of everyone. If there ever is a historical marker that indicates the superficiality and superficiality of an era, Myra Breckinridge provides this marker. It embodies the emptiness and meaningless excess of a decade, which is most often remembered as big changes in the body's policies. Breckinridge is the touchstone of another equally important vein. Watch this movie and you will get a different perspective on the rarely mentioned emptiness of the spirit that was so often perceived by the talents of those years. <br /> <br /> Many reviewers talked about how shots from other films, especially old ones. Some really liked these awkward “comments” about what was happening in the film, others found them meaningless, annoying and intrusive, although the film itself is so bad that any invasion should be an improvement. <br /> <br /> In my opinion, the real reason Michael Sarn put so many clips into Myra Brequinridge was to cope with the bottomless deficiencies of mind and imagination that he possessed. That is, Sarn was so overwhelmed by the imagination that he just threw these clips to fill the space and take time. They were not inspiration, they were despair. His writing skills were absent, and David Giler wisely moved away from the project, as if he were from a ticking bomb, so Sarna had to actually try to make a film, but he could not. It was beyond his subtle abilities. Hence the introduction of what looks like half the cost of the entire film. The ghosts of writers and directors, many of whom are long gone, were called upon to fix this terrible flopper, because Sarn, damn it, could not do it. That was what he came up with in those days when he was sitting on the set and thinking for eight hours, while the entire cast and crew (not to mention producers and accountants) cooled their heels and waited for something great sparks of imagination, a hint of originality, soup of wit, crackling from the eyebrow of Zeus. Oh. No Zeus + no imagination + no sparks = millions of small dollar bills with tiny wings - each made from hundreds of licensing agreements necessary to use clips - crashes out the window. Bye Bye. <br /> <br /> As for me, I hated clips. They slandered Sarna, helped him, ridiculed people whose talents — even those whose skills were not great — far exceeded the director’s abilities and ultimately served to show how much he lacked inspiration, originality and even simple competence — by compared to even the sweetest ones.
