Anyone who knows me even remotely can tell you that I love bad movies almost as much as I love great movies, and I can honestly say that I finally saw one of the legendary bad movies of all time: an almost indescribable mess, which is MYRA BRECKINRIDGE. Adaptation of the bestseller Gore Vidal (later he rejected this version of the film), studded with stars MYRA BRECKINRIDGE is really so bad a film that it remains strangely interesting from beginning to end. The X-rated film on gender reassignment and Hollywood operations became an absolute disaster for box office and was literally ripped off from the screen by critics and viewers during its release. It is not surprising that the film gained almost legendary cult status among fans of bad cinema, and I was really excited when I first saw it. <br /> <br /> Directed by Michael Sarn (who only had two other previous mentions of his name at the time), spent a lot on the finished film, and, frankly, it doesn't look like he had any idea what he tried to reach. The film is often incoherent, with entire episodes edited with such a half-task that many scenes become almost incomprehensible. Also annoying is the trick of using archival materials from the repositories of the Fox film and gluing them into a picture at regular intervals. This means that there are archived footage of past movie stars such as Judy Garland and Shirley Temple included in recently filmed scenes of often obscene sexual acts, and the process simply doesn’t work as intended (it also caused a slight uproar, because actors like Temple and Loretta Yang was sued by the studio for using their image without permission). <br /> <br /> Perhaps Sarn is not the only one to blame for this, since the script of the film and the actors will also force many viewers to shake them. heads in disbelief. For example, this film will ask you to believe that the skinny film critic Rex Reed (in his first and last major movie role) can undergo a sex change operation and become the gorgeous sex goddess Raquel Welch ?! The film becomes more difficult to follow when Welch, when Myra tries to get hold of film school at her unruly uncle (played by legendary director John Houston), seduces a young film student (Farrah Fawcett) and trains the bad guy from school. (Roger Herren) lesson, raping him with a dildo. Did everyone follow this? <br /> <br /> And it gets even better (or worse, depending on your point of view)! I have not yet mentioned the main star of the film: the legendary sex symbol of the thirties, Mei West! Ms. West was 77 years old when she appeared in this film (she was retired for 26 years), and apparently she still considered herself a formidable sex symbol because she plays a high-class agent, a talented man ( including a young man). Tom Selleck) rushes at her. As if it wasn't bad enough, the deaf West actually plays two newly written songs around the middle of the film, and I think I could suffer permanent brain damage while listening to them! <br /> <br /> Naturally, none of this even closely resembles anything that any person with a reasonable taste would call “good”, but I would give MYRA BRECKINRIDGE 4 out of 10, because it was always painfully interesting, even when I had no idea what the hell was going to happen. In addition, most actors try their best. Raquel, in particular, seems so obsessed with transforming her poorly written piece into something meaningful that she alone manages to make the film worthy of attention. If she worked only with a decent script and a talented director, she might finally have received the respect of critics. <br /> <br /> With the rest of the actors, too, everything is in order. Charming John Houston (who really should have managed the picture) has some fun moments, Rex Reed is not bad for a non-actor, and Farrah Fawcett is pleasantly fresh and pleasant. Roger Herren is also fine, but he never appeared in another movie after that (I think he just could not live being the guy Raquel Welch kidnapped). And, as you might have guessed from the above description, Mae West completely lost her mind when she agreed to make this film, but this is part of what makes it fun for those of us who love a bad movie.
