MYRA BRECKINRIDGE is one of those rare films that immediately took its place in the history of cinema. There was no praise for the film, even from the people who participated in its creation. This film hated from day one. While from time to time one can come across an individual who will praise the film for philosophical reasons (aggressive feminism or courage to tackle transgenderism), the film does not have a cult like some notorious failures. It is not proclaimed as a misunderstood masterpiece, such as SCARFACE, and is not subject to ridicule as camp classics, such as SHOWGIRLS. <br /> <br /> Undoubtedly, the reason is that the film, although terribly awful, is not attractive or even unattractive. MYRA BRECKINRIDGE is just mean. Like a Hollywood satire, she is cold-blooded and despicable, but meaninglessly empty. MYRA takes it for granted that Hollywood is a corrupt city, but it goes further, attacking favorite icons like Laurel and Hardy, Shirley Temple, Judy Garland and Gary Cooper. The film seems to imply that everything in Hollywood is ugly by nature. It seems that in mocking the sacred cows there is something bold, but this does not give rise to mockery. The film is also viscous anti-American and anti-establishment, anti-this and anti-one, but all this is superficial, in the late 1960s, fashionable. CASINO ROYAL; SKI DOO; I LOVE YOU, ALICE B. TOKLAS and other potential epic epics, MYRA is an idea of ​​middle-aged hippie dippy youth culture. He is trying to embrace the very attitude that degrades. But instead of being cheerfully complacent, MYRA does not try to hide its contempt for everything that falls into its hands. MYRA BRECKINRIDGE has the bully humor; there is not a single moment of innocence. His intentions are not honest. TIME magazine successfully described him as “about as ridiculous as a child molester,” but he is not so sympathetic. <br /> <br /> For example, poor Mae West suffered much of the criticism directed against the film, described as being like everything from an aging transvestite to a living dead body. The star of the eightieth, obviously, did not know how ridiculous she looked, playing a talented agent, hungry for men, young enough to be her grandchildren or even her great-grandchildren. But director Michael Sarn should have known, but he still used her. What for? Because she, apparently, was a joke. Just like John Houston, John Carradine, Grady Sutton, Andy Devine and the other experienced performers in the film, they are only there so that the film can make fun of their age and use them to spoil their film images. They are filmed as parody parodies, like Rex Reed, an arrogant, fake film critic who is filmed the same way as in the film. But the real Reed, celebrity hound, staging planes, gossip from talk shows, can be charming and unpleasantly funny; but as Miron, Myra's alter ego, he is simply disgusted. Again, apparently, for Sarna Reed - this is a joke. <br /> <br /> You are watching MYRA BRECKINRIDGE and you do not see the actors, you see the victims. No more than Raquel Welch. No one will ever blame Welch for being a great actress, but this shows her stubbornness and her appeal, that she survived this film, and her career flourished. Being in almost every scene, Welch was in front and center as a target for abuse, aimed at the film, but, to her credit, she gives a wonderfully nuanced presentation. Although, of course, the focus is between the chewing landscapes of Houston and the almost catatonic West, Welch doesn't have to do much to achieve a good balance. Nonetheless, she turns her horribly unfunny dialogue into a reckless grin with a hint of a smug delight that any James Bond villain could be proud of. Legend has it that Welch was offended by the indulgent West and subjected to repeated verbal insults on the set by clumsy director Sarny, not to mention the fact that she was shot in one humiliating scene after another, which is all the more remarkable that she could give such a cool and collected representation. <br /> <br /> The only intriguing element of the film is to understand what the film’s agenda is. This whole story is a fantasy fable that should indicate that it has a moral, but whatever it is, you can only guess. With all his talk about the destruction of "the last rudimentary traces of the traditional masculine dignity of the race," it would seem that the feminist ax should be pounded. But as a feminist, Mira is a monstrous figure, a sexual predator. In addition, Myra is not a woman, but rather she is a misconception of Myron, who, apparently, is a gay man. This may explain the male scene of rape, as well as the attitude of the hero to love / hate the macho, outwardly straightforward, stupid Rusty, but this does not explain his / her obsession and supposedly lesbian date with Mary Ann Farrah Fawcett. The film is obsessed with sex, but it can hardly be accused of supporting the sexual revolution; the entire sex is regarded as being, if not dirty, then at least perverse and degrading. Appealing to the original novel by Gore Vidal does not help, because it is as confusing and meaningless as the film. <br /> <br /> And this is a rare film that seems to hate movies. Not only films as a business, but films as part of a culture. The film itself - secret references to old films, to which screenwriter Sarn approaches with boiling contempt. He raided the repositories of a 20th-century film by Fox and showered the film with fragments of old films, not as a tribute or to give a social comment, but to ridicule the innocence of old Hollywood. How can an artist - if you generously want to call Sarna like this - make a work of art, if he already hates the very environment in which he works? The effort itself is suicidal. <br /> <br /> MYRA BRECKINRIDGE doesn't seem to be in favor of anything other than being just nasty. He hates Hollywood, he hates America, he hates sex, hates gays and straights, women, men, old people and young people, Laurel and Hardy, and, well, you call it, and there is contempt for him in the scene. Unfortunately, MYRA BRECKINRIDGE may be the first punk manifesto, a celebration of the nihilism of pop culture.
