I bought a set of 4 DVDs for 10 bucks at my local Suncoast, which contained this film and three other horrible horror films (including its sequel "Witchcraft XI"). In general, I paid a minimum price of $ 2.5 for this film if you do the math. I can not say for sure that I was ripped off. I have a thing for dirty horror films, but this is the type of garbage that makes a bad name. The budget can not exceed $ 1000 (although it seems that they spent a total of $ 1.5). I know that this is a low-budget film, but this does not justify absolutely non-inspired camera work. The film "The Cult of the Blood", although not very good, was made for a very small budget and still had a fairly good camera work and action. Acting in this film is the definition of “effortless,” especially from that muscular guy with a Texas accent. All pretty much read their lines from the page. You can take it figuratively or literally. I would not be surprised if the script was off-screen as they performed. I have already said that I have never seen a bad English actor. In this film, a lot of bad. And although English films are not always good, they always seem to have at least a level of difficulty, so I don’t understand why any Englishman or Englishwoman would voluntarily suggest making a click in the style of a home video like this one. The Ivory Merchant suspended their casting? I usually think people are too hard on directors and actors. Even some of the worst films in Hollywood have some level of professionalism in the director, acting and cinema departments. Even when you are watching a movie like “Brilliance,” you cannot honestly say that it looks as if a third class shot these scenes (although the third class could have written the script writer). I have seen home movies that shoot better than Witchcraft X, and this is no exaggeration. Even blood is minimal, since the filmmakers only had money to buy fake blood at a sale in Party City. No effort has been made to create this film - let's just summarize. You get the picture. There is a lot of nudity, but it does not save. However, I must say that the girl with red-orange hair, who is either naked or dressed in split clothes throughout the film, is very hot! <br /> <br /> My rating is: 1 (out of 10)
