but Cinderella gets my vote not only for the worst of the Disney Princess films, but also for the worst movie the company has made in Walt’s entire life. The music is really beautiful, and the story deserves to be called "classical." This film lacks characters, in particular, the title character, who can be called "heroine" only in the broadest sense of the word. <br /> <br /> After a short prologue, viewers get to know Cinderella. She wakes up in the morning and sings: "A dream is a desire that fulfills your heart." This makes her an idealist (and therefore deserves our sympathy). Unfortunately, the script does not give us a clue about what she dreams of. Freedom from her servant? Respect for her step-family? Who to talk to, other than mice and birds? In one song (cut from the film, but presented in the special functions section of the last DVD), Cinderella talks about her desire for her to be plenty, so that she can do her work more effectively. You go girlfriend! In short, Cinderella is a very soft character. She passively accepts the violence of her consolidated family, escaping to her unspoken dreams of relief. She claims herself only once, reminding her stepmother that she is still a member of the family. For this, she is given permission to go for the ball if she finishes the housework and finds something to wear, a symbolic gesture that is clearly absurd for everyone except, of course, Cinderella. Can anyone see that Belle or Jasmine were such rugs? If Cinderella is boring, her male colleague is nothing more than lifeless. The prince in Cinderella receives no dialogue and almost no screen time. We are not informed whether he is a good person, whether he respects Cinderella or something else. All we know is 1) he is a prince and 2) he dances well. Hell, even the prince from "Snow White" should at least sing a romantic song. Not only does the lack of development make the novel less interesting, it makes Cinderella look like a social climber or an idiot, weakening her already weak appeal. <br /> <br /> Perhaps realizing how boring the main characters were, the animators decided to spend too much time on the screen for comic films, Cinderella's friends, mice. Of course, these characters are funny. However, when the comedy relief steals the show from the directors, let's just say that your story has some problems. <br /> <br /> Dingy likes to declare all her animation functions as “masterpieces.” Although many of them, there are some who do not deserve this appeal in any case. Cinderella is a prime example of this fact.
