Stephen Vazquez shot and co-wrote with James Townsend, the star, this strange little dramatic horror film with obviously very good ideas and intentions: make a gay film that is different from the plot than the usual one, and make a drama that wants to be judged by dignity as a thriller. So why is this not working? To begin with, the film loses direction from the starting frame and wanders aimlessly around the entire film, being fully engaged in creating an unknown thriller, but distracting itself to satisfy an audience that wants to see nude meetings. Not that it was bad: it certainly can improve some of the films that have been successful in Hollywood. The film also tells about the experiences of young men and women, relationships, violation of upbringing, the club scene with all the wild antics accompanying such events, and murder. In the 96-minute film squeeze a bit. <br /> <br /> Devon (James Townsend) seems to be a successful child with a good girlfriend Jenna (Sarah Kelly), but he is not impatient. He visits the bar where he meets Brian (Alex Wilson), who follows the same paths and can offer devon help at every level. They come closer, Devon comes out, and riddles begin: boys disappear in the neighborhood, Devon's psychologist's stepfather Dr. Kirk Tyler (Dan Svett) is not at all what he seems to be, and despite Devon Donna's consoling mother (Sonya Fisher) Devon is thrown into the streets because of his new relationship. It seems that Dr. Tyler is engaged in a dark matter with Detective Cunningham (Earl MacDougle), who apparently investigates the missing boys ... Devon collects resources from his understanding girlfriend Jenna and her girlfriends, and together the group uncovers the dark affairs of Dr. Tyler and his assistant detective. And through all this, Donna radiates warmth and understanding as the ideal mother of a gay boy, etc. Some actors are pleasing to the eye (and very little that the eye often does not examine)! But the degree of action is always low . The only thing that makes us forgive (and in some cases it is too poor to forgive) is a feeling of commitment from all the participants. Yes, this is a low-budget film, and yes, the director needs time to master his profession. But in the end, there is something to say to interested people to try to raise the gay film to another level. Perhaps their next one will be more polished. Grady harp
