... and not in a good way. BASEketball is a waste of the film in almost every respect. It is offensive to all senses. It doesn’t necessarily bother me, I’ve seen a lot of bad movies, really bad movies and I’ll see them again. BASEketball is a caliber movie in which you regret spending ninety minutes of your life on it. The reason BASEketball is insulting me is that Trey Parker and Matt Stone are shot in a film they didn’t write. Any respect for David Tsuker has long been exhausted. His recent fake films are lazy riots that look and feel like they were shot by pre-pubescent boys laughing at penis jokes. "Plane" was a revolutionary and very funny comedy. Watching BASEketball, you will be surprised to learn that they are made by the same person. <br /> <br /> I really respect Trey Parker and Matt Stone. These people are the funniest and smartest comedians in the mass entertainment today. Their photos and episodes in South Park are just as relevant as they are funny. In every joke, even in farting, there is a mind. It is easy to forget that there is a mature way of approaching immaturity. I think that BASEketball has become a growing experience for them, because they hate the film for all the right reasons. This is a silly mess without a sense of dignity or class. Parker and Stone essentially showed themselves. The film resembles a 90-minute episode of "Family Guy". <br /> <br /> Parker and Stone have never been great actors. They were fine in their films. I cannot find a way to describe their performance in BASEketball, except for the fact that they are faking a fake movie by faking a fake movie. Each line is delivered by such a silly wink. As if they are trying to make fun of the worst of these pictures, and yet they become the same. I recall an episode from “South Park” “How to eat with a rifle”, in which Cartman sits in a cinema and watches a comedy without any plot or likelihood, except for coarse, Parker and Stone use the same voices as in this scene for this whole the pictures. Actually it is sad. <br /> <br /> Yet this is not my problem with BASEketball. My biggest trouble with the picture is that I sit there, knowing that Parker and Stone are consciously watching this piece of the script. I know that if they took the damn thing and rewrote it, it could be saved to such an extent that it could be observed. There is no indication that Zucker allowed them to improvise scenes too. Parker and Stone are just the tools of a bad director. BASEketball has some funny concepts, and I think that Parker, especially if he were allowed to take the Zuckers script, could have worked them out in more detail. Instead, we get a little humor. Do not take BASEketball, you can laugh, watching as a group of schoolchildren jokes around
