I gave this movie 5 out of sheer pity. My intention is not to break anyone's bubble, because I saw, as I looked through other comments, that this film is very much appreciated by many. Well, it is not worth any praise, and I say this because I saw the original anime, Basilisk, and this film deeply disgraced him. Perhaps if you see a Shinobi one, you might like it. This is a pleasure due to well-established battles based on fantasies rather than martial arts, and I agree that their beauty has been greatly improved. But the story is not like the original. Now I understand that when a person turns anime / manga into a movie, he must make certain changes. I did not expect to see bizarre characters from the anime, although they have a well-established role, and some of them are really deep and well thought out. But I, of course, did not expect to see the huge and mistakenly placed changes, which basically destroy the whole story. Characters who are dramatically and unethically disfigured are transformed into something that the public will probably love more, perhaps. For example, Oboro, who in the anime is a sweet, innocent girl, completely and unconditionally in love with Gennosuke, becomes the vengeful clan leader in the film. I liked the fact that a woman becomes strong and shies away from the restrictions imposed on her by the era (we are talking about Japan, the 17th century), but her mood changes are incredible and poorly written. Hotarubi, who is one of my favorite characters in the film, but who is not known for her childish and sensitive nature, becomes a pathetic little girl who is not only madly in love, like in anime, but more or less useless in the plot. I could go on and on, for example, as they made Tenzen the worst and most dangerous character in the anime, exceptionally weak and unattractive, or as Gennosuke, the lead character, seems completely out of place and confused, not to mention weak. The music is beautiful, and the image is striking, as one would expect from a Japanese film, and I appreciate that. But do not watch it if you have seen and enjoyed Basilisk, because it is simply hopeless. Basilisk, although based on fantasy, with elements of horror and largely exaggerated, magnificent and has much greater depth in its characters, storyline, historical value, and it can be said, heartbreaking. Shinobi was a waste of time, and I could not believe that it lasted after what should have become a climax. Alas, it is very painful for me to judge a film so strictly, but I advise you against it. Please watch the anime, or at least watch the movie first, and then restore your image of what Basilisk really is by viewing the anime. Otherwise, you will have an attack when you understand how they killed him.
