It seems a shame that Greta Garbo ended her brilliant career at the age of 36 with this ridiculous family fuss by mistake. Finishing the success of her first romantic comedy, Ernst Lubich's workshop “Ninochka” (1939), where she ideally played the role of a stern Russian envoy, Garbo reunites with her lead man Melvin Douglas for the story at the comedy level in which she plays Karin Borg, ski instructor on plain Jane, who impulsively marries the head of the publishing house Larry Blake when he falls in love with her. As soon as he makes it clear that work is his priority, Karin unwittingly decides to disguise himself as his high-living twin sister, Catherine, to check her husband’s loyalty when he returns to Manhattan. <br /> <br /> Surprisingly, this notorious 1941 misfire director George Cukor, who led Garbo to her greatest dramatic performance in Kamila in 1937, because it is as unflattering a vehicle as you can imagine for the legend on the screen. Only someone with a natural sense of lightness and malice Carol Lombard could escape with the machinations presented in the numerical scenario S.N. Berman, Salka Firtel and George Oppenheimer. MGM's goal behind this comedy was to conceptualize and Americanize Garbo’s image for wartime viewers who, in the opinion of studio managers, were not interested in the characters of the tragic period she liked in the 1930s. <br /> <br /> However, Garbo looks bad. Ease is mainly in the role of a fake party girl Katherine, and especially in comparison with experienced magicians like Douglas and Constance Bennett, as the romantic rival of Griselda. Taken off unflatteringly photographed by Joseph Ruttenberg, Garbo looks tired in many scenes and completely disgusting in his teased hairstyle for the chica-choca dance sequence. The story ends conditionally, but with the addition of a long physical sequence in which Larry tries to maneuver his skis on a number of mountain rocks, which, unfortunately, reminds me of Sonny Bono's death. Roland Young and Ruth Gordon (in rare cases at this stage of her career) appear in comic roles as Douglas assistants. This film is not yet on DVD, and I do not consider it a priority for the transfer, since it represents a curiosity in Garbo’s legendary career. She was reportedly completely unhappy during the shooting. I understand why.
