You may be a little embarrassed if you look at this stupid from the very beginning, because in the credits Susan Day is listed as the “Special Guest Star”. Hmm, why did such a one-time MOW like this have a guest star? Well, if you stick to this, you’ll find that you’re paying attention to nothing but Ms. Dee’s ass, swaying in a flowering bikini while the beauty babe “Partridge Family” frolics on the beach, which this figurative title hints at . Derrier Susan is especially convincing when she shakes her into the camera, teasing and tickling her pseudo-contented brother in one slightly incestuous scene. Unfortunately, Suzy and her carcass are fighting in a losing battle: the fascination for television shows that could put this bottom to the top was three years ago, so the sweet prey just gets a supporting role. In 1976, Freddie Silverman Fat would put this in the forefront and use this film as Susan's audition tape for Charlie's Angels. Since our Susan was deprived of immortality with a cheesecake, she had to be content with a very commendable career playing gloomy, neurotic women. <br /> <br /> I must say that the look at Susan is not very convincing. The landscape is nice and photographed in a bizarre, foggy way that briefly misleads you that some strange creative intelligence can work behind the camera. Nope It's just a typical 70s thriller created for television, which allowed the stars of the weekly TV series to earn extra money (and collect leftovers from cable television, although they clearly did not know about it at the time) and demonstrate their “range”. "Here we look at the family of nuclear cameras, competing with television-scale thugs who cannot decide whether they are a motorcycle gang or the hippie cult (so the filmmakers share the difference by putting them in a dune buggy) 1970s TV lessons: Don't mess with Dennis Weaver (see McCloud and Duel). The only potential for depth in this film is in the aforementioned character of teenage son Steve, who has been long forgotten (if ever mined) Kristoffer Tabori, who is supposed to be rebellious and concerned and may feel some sympathy and attraction to the lawless crowd that (allegedly) threatens his family. But Steve played Tabori (damn it, why didn't we see more of this geezer?) In fact, it’s just irritable and capricious, and in no way does it conflict with when big D becomes serious and draws a line in the proverb (and literally) sand. Only for sleep deprived and Susan Daniaks (there must be one of you).
