When this movie is played on TV, you can save about 90 minutes of your time and change the channel. There is nothing special you need to see. The story of two married couples from Arkansas, who together go on a trip to Reno. The first couple is Lonnie Earl Dodd (Billy Bob Thornton), who is a car dealer and has problems with marriage. His wife is Darlene (Natasha Richardson), and she has a low opinion of herself, and they have not been close for a long time. Lonnie slept with Candy (Charlize Theron), who is the wife of his best friend Roy Kirkendall (Patrick Swayze). They all travel to Reno, and all four of them live in one luxury suite. Roy and Candy tried to have a baby, and finally Candy discovered that she was pregnant. But Roy calls his doctor in Arkansas and finds out that he is barren. Candy and Lonnie admit to their business, and now the whole trip is in chaos. This film is directed by Jordan Brady, and he has shot several other low-budget films, but this is his first film with such an impressive cast. Unfortunately, Brady does not show much comedy instinct, but you can not put all the blame on him. This scenario is simply not funny, and one of the glaring problems is that all the characters are recorded at the sitcom level. The fact that they are all from the south does not mean that they should be naive and idiots. Thornton's character has no sophistication to give a tip more than a dollar. And Swayze’s character throughout the film is called stupid and stupid, and one of the rare good moments comes when he asks everyone to fire him for at least one day. Penelope Cruz appears as a prostitute, and this is a completely useless and meaningless cameo. She barely speaks more than 3 or 4 lines! I think she performed a commitment to Harvey and Bob Weinstein, who are the executive producers of this film. The only person who is really not that bad is Richardson. We see her becoming more self-confident, but this storyline in the film is very obvious and cliché. All these actors need to know better and it’s hard to understand that they all read the script and liked it. For these actors it is a waste of time, but at least they were paid. As for the viewers, you are not paid, so miss it!
