Slackers is just another teen movie that is not worth watching. Dave (Devon Sawa), Sam (Jason Segel) and Jeff (Michael S. Maroon) graduate from Holden University with honors in lie, betrayal and intrigue. Three roommates have been proud to cheat during the last four years of college, and now, during the final exams, these big people on campus are going to be ravaged by the most unlikely guy in school. The plot is very stupid, and there is no reason to watch it, unless you want to turn off your brain for a while. Slackers is just a predictable teen movie that really doesn't add anything new to this genre. Slackers comedy is either a hit or a miss, but the film doesn’t have a real, really funny or original moment. In fact, it's just a collection of jokes, and some are actually quite funny. Although for every joke that works, there are at least eight more that do not work. The script is full of penis and breast jokes that schoolchildren and students might like. Even if they do, they probably won't remember this movie after a while, as this is not a very memorable comedy. Jason Schwartzman plays bizarre Ethan, and after appearing in some good comedies he has a rather low bow. Jaime King and Devon Sawa are other major stars, but they do pretty well in this film. This is directed by Dewey Nix, and this is his first film, so you can't blame him too much. The most funny character was probably Laura Prepon, although she is not in the film. The film is very short, just 86 minutes, however, it may be too long for some people who do not like this type of humor. Slackers is not the worst movie of 2002, but definitely below average. Compared to other films in the genre, there is much better there, such as “Not Another Teen Movie”, “American Pie” and its sequels, “Terrible Film 1 and 2”, etc. So, if you have not seen most of them and you are looking for something new then loafers could satisfy this bill, but it’s better if you just look for something else. Rating 4.3 / 10 - teen comedy below average, which should be missed.
