There are many films in which the release dates are set, only to be removed from the sale due to some kind of legal snapshot, and then put in suspense for a long time. You can only wish that the film is as rotten as Slackers stayed in a coma for standing, which is very little. The release dates have been constantly changing for this really awful movie, which is as good as it deserves. The room begins in the guise of Ethan, a terrible botanist with a terrible obsession with a bomb on Angela's campus. Ethan is diabolically enlisting the help of David and his friends, who ran around all day with blackmail at school to help conquer Angela. I do not like to give out spoilers, but for such a shit, I can make an exception. Angela falls in love with David, Ethan deliberately ruined everything, the good guys win. This is what happens in a nutshell for another weary redrawing of the teenage gross genre. Rough humor is funny, it always goes back to the times of the immortal classic “House of Animals”, to such contemporaries as “There is something about Mary” and “Autotravel” among dozens of others, which are too many. mention. But when you use her as a plot point, you can only achieve this far, in this case Ethan has an Angela doll, consisting of her individual strands of hair, about which he knows that God knows what is with her. No one wants to be a witness to watch Ethan urinate in the shower when he sings to himself. No one wants to watch a young man sing "She will go around the mountain" with a toe on his penis. But nothing can prepare you for a complete visual attack when you see how a 50s bomber, Mamie Van Doren, exposes his chest at 71. I do not know whether this story is an inconsistency that affects scenes that have absolutely no meaning. Directed by Dewey Nix was a former fashion photographer, and after watching this movie you can only wish that he returned to the profession. The worst thing you can do in any movie is to make it look as if you are having fun, because you distract from your goals, as the "idlers" do, hiding the outlines of the plot under a bunch of rough jokes, meaningless vignettes and the lack of design. As if a group of college students got drunk, took a video camera, took off a bunch of random crap and gathered them together. If you want to see a youthful comedy that is really good, then I suggest “American Pie” and “Animal House”, or “Autotravel”, just something interesting, but not terribly bad, like “Slackers”. Coincidentally, Cameron Diaz is filmed in this film, as in another bad film, such as “The Sweetest,” where the story treats rude humor as a different plot, and not as a device similar to this disaster. If you pass 'Slackers' at your local video store, just keep walking and let it be at the bottom of the shelf as it deserves.
