I knew about Romer’s admiration for the late works of those whom he considered great cinematographs, and that normal viewers are usually considered artistic failures (like the most recent films by Renoir or Chaplin; yes, the politique des auteurs also has a dark side). But with Les Amours d'Astrée et de Céladon, as if Romer himself wanted, for what could be his last film, to perpetuate this tradition of great directors who shot the last senile film, adapting Urfe's L'astrée. ", with funny aesthetic codes, the witch just looks like a parody of Rossellini's latest films (those he made for television from the life of Descartes or Marx). <br /> <br /> In his version of Perceval, Romer refused to shoot real landscapes in order to re-transcribe what might have been a classic representation of middle-aged things. The director clearly changed his mind when it comes to the seventeenth century, and the actors of the films, dressed like the peasants of the 1600s, repeat their antique text surrounded by modern trees and landscapes. But all at it looks even funnier than Lucini and his fake trees. It's not that history itself is stupid, but the way Romer mixes naturalism with fabrications seems so childish and dilettantism that it quickly becomes unwittingly funny (and I don’t even talk about annoying pronunciation of actors, annoying and sad attempts at a humorist. Rodolphe Pauly, a ridiculous soft-erotic intonation, bad musical assumptions or a strange passion for trivesting!). <br /> <br /> The film’s radical aesthetics ultimately makes it look like a joke, which mixes a soft-erotic film made for television with theological scholastic discussions (sic!). At the beginning of the film, Romer tells us that the original French realm of history is currently mutilated by modernity, and so he had to shoot L'Astrée in other parts of the country. Nevertheless, I am sure that the film would have looked more modern and interesting if Romer had indeed shot the same story in the modern field with the same narrative codes and artistic solutions. This film may be of interest to several historians, but most moviegoers can laugh at this last and sad film from Romer.
