I usually do not write comments when there are so many others, but this time I feel that I should. I talked about taste in another review, saying that it’s all in the eye of the beholder, but when it comes to this film, if you like it, it just means that you have bad taste. <br /> <br /> I love movies, I loved Island of the Dead, which is largely an unknown black and white movie. I even liked Scream and Scary Movie. I liked these films, because they have, if not a lot, at least something good. I appreciate 99.9% of the films that I have seen, because they tell a story that I have not heard before, and most directors make films only with a good plot. Throughout this film, I thought: “Where does it go?” (Even towards the end) “Where did they get these terrible actors”? "It was supposed to be a joke?" etc. With an obvious turnaround, I was skeptical, but I hoped that he might “make” the film and prove that I had not wasted my time. I was sadly mistaken. The storyline was bad for a start, and the twist actually wrecked any glimmer of hope that was. Here is a summary: Storyline ?? very similar to the first film, which was fine, this slow and rare, without the audience attitude to the characters or situations. Situations are very attractive, superficial and completely boring and predictable. The turn was terrible, it did not make me feel something like excitement or WOW. Just "My God." In the main part of the film there was nothing to look at and think: “Oooh, it wasn’t that clever,” because it’s not. In Fight Club, there are memories at the end showing fragments where Tyler's true identity is mysteriously shown, and when you looked at it again, you saw more, it really was a brilliant piece, as it was written, laid out and directed. It was a meaningless attempt at a surprising turn. I think it was “wild things” that had a pretty bad double twist, and I still liked the movie, because everything else was fine, and it wasn't too hard to be a big turn. It seems that the writer CI2 thought it would be the best turn in history. But actually, this is just a bad story with a bad turn in the end. The film ended almost immediately after Sebastian’s entire film became empty and meant nothing, but a terrible, half-forced, pedophilic ending with a particularly young and innocent acting girl. The acting ?? The actors in this movie are terrible. Almost the same bad "Sunset Beach". - Very trite and poorly executed. It's not even as bad, it's good, like Hunk. The worst acting, in my opinion, came from Amy Adams, who played Katherine, it was a tough, pathetic and poorly thought-out performance. Robin Dunn was also poor. I haven’t seen American Psycho II yet, but without a doubt, his easy “cool” style has destroyed this film. <br /> <br /> I can’t even say that this is a good film for teenagers, as no. If my son or daughter liked this movie, I would be ashamed. But in any case, they will not, because they will take into account all the things that make a good film, which is not in this film. Indeed. I’m disappointed that some people say, "You may not be aged for this film, and you don’t like it." I like all the films that I liked in adolescence, and I had a very good taste. In addition, do you really think that when you turn 20, you suddenly will not like any youthful storylines? Not. I liked "Mean Girls" and other typical teen movies, and I watch Beverly Hills 90210 all the time. I'm afraid there is no excuse for bad direction, acting and writing. Also, I was 16/17 when I first watched it. In any case, old age makes you the best judge of a horrible movie. I can not believe that someone can give him 10/10, one of my favorite films is “Memory”, and I gave him 9, because I know that there can be better. It’s a shame for this site that people do this, frivolously give 10 s or don’t get films / shows, and therefore give it 2. <br /> <br /> Anyone who likes this film really needs to change its taste and maybe , their lives, and with this realize that this is the worst film that ever made. (worse than Loch Ness) <br /> <br /> If you are not a teenager with a bad taste or simply do not have a bad taste, you will definitely hate this film.
