Well, usually I’m not so harsh on the sequels, especially if the first film was made well and ended up being a good film. As for 1999, I feel that one of the five best films was Cruel Intentions. It had everything that was supposed to be in a good movie, except for the original story adapted from the novel, it was damn good. On the brutal intentions 2, which was supposed to be a discovery for the series based on the movie "Preparing for Manchester". What should not have happened. Actually after watching this movie trivia I can understand. Before it all began, I was at least a writer and director Roger Kemble, and that too. Well, after 1 minute in this film, I was disappointed. It begins by paraphrasing the opening of the original with a different turn of Sebastian, instead of putting a bare picture of a shrinking daughter on the net, which he puts the headmasters wife in the school handbook bare. It would be nice if the lady was not 50. And basically the rest of the film is an imitative copy of the original. What I understand, if there is nothing wrong, leave it at that. But you can't do it with a movie. In fact, it was a prequel, and I gave him the opportunity to just see how they turned out, as they did in the first part. But Sebastian was more or less just a prankster, and Catherine was himself and turned Sebastian into a sexual predator. The real story, this film had no basis. Whoever casting this thing was far away. They could at least try to attract people who looked like the original cast, but no, they just hired a group of even not very good looking actors. I use this term, although I do not know why. They certainly did not do anything in this film. <br /> <br /> This entire film is a bunch of some inserts that don’t even match the wit that the original had, which some of them did, but that was only because they were from part 1. Another bad point was in the first part: you could understand that they needed to be attentive because their parents did not participate, they had them, and they were used poorly, as if to show why children like this. It did not work though. The best thing about the original was that there was chemistry in the cast that led you to this world. The tension on the screen that was there made the film what it was. This thing really destroys the experience of the first stay away from it.
