The worst movie in history is the statement that people here on IMDb often throw. Whether it’s Uwe Boll’s movie, bad classics such as Manos The Hands Of Fate, or Michael Bay’s last summer fighter without brains, people often rush to come to the unexpected conclusion that they hang on the blackboard that there’s nothing worse in the movie world. <br /> <br /> I envy these people because they are blissfully ignorant and do not know how deep the rabbit hole makes the film. There are films that are so bad, so disgusting, so unintentionally funny and so funny that cults are formed around them to celebrate their horror, and their discussion forums are the kindest places on the Internet, because everyone unanimously agrees that this film is really so bad. . <br /> <br /> Dear ladies and gentlemen, I present to you Ben and Arthur, the 85-minute epic about gays, which is so terrible that it looks like a severe car accident, you know that it's terrible, but you can't stop looking at it. The brainchild of the self-proclaimed “Hollywood actor, director,” and if I can add a whale with the shores of Sam Mraovich, this film is legendarily horrible. Let me give you a hint about how the ego guided this project. Mr. Mraovich didn’t just make this film, he wrote it, produced it, executive produced it, counted it, edited it, and then finally starred in it. This is a man so blinded by his own ego and so believing in his non-existent genius that, like a man with an ugly child, he does not understand how disastrous his bastard creation really is. <br /> <br /> Everything in this film at an epic level fails, acting is the worst thing you have ever seen, the plot is the most ridiculous, editing and cinematography are the most amateur, and even the music is like nails on the board . I know that I have some problems here, but please believe me, this film is really as bad as I describe it, I would say that this film is horse riding stuff that was crushed in a film, but the truth is that He was not even filmed, he was filmed with a digital video camera, not much better than the one that is now sitting in your closet gathering dust. Don't get me wrong, I forgive low budgets for films, provided that the concept is interesting, for example, as much as I did not like it. The Blair Witch project has proven that low budgets can still lead to the creation of an atmospheric interesting film. Ben and Arthur do not have a good concept to rely on, even if this film was shot with a budget of $ 20 million with the best actors in Hollywood, it would still be sloppy, the plot is terrible, and the characters are even worse. One of the main characters, Arthur, who is portrayed by none other than Sam Mraovich, is one of the most tearful, disgusting little poop ever filmed in the film. You will not like him for 5 minutes after the beginning of the film, and by the end of the film the hatred will turn into outright hatred. Apparently, Mr. Mraovich forgot that we should root for the hero. <br /> <br /> I don’t want to spoil all the gaiety you experience when watching this movie (which I urge you not to pay for) so I’ll give you two simple examples of how stupid this movie is, manual and soft as among the least offensive mistakes in the film. In one episode, we hear one of the main characters say that "they know a good lawyer and will call HIM", the shot disappears, then disappears, and this HIM they talked about earlier is actually a woman A pretty impressive mistake to make in post-production I think. The second is simple: a few seconds after seeing this transsexual lawyer, the heroes were ordered to fly to Vermont, we crashed into a plane, landing among palm trees in a sunny place. I have never been to Vermont in person, but I am sure that you will not find any palm trees there. <br /> <br /> Imagine that such a silly amateur inconsistency stretched for almost an hour and a half, combined with an absurd dialogue. and plot and then multiply it by 10, and it still does not fully prepare you for Ben and Arthur. Imagine the worst movie you’ve seen in your life, and imagine that it’s even worse, and you still won’t be at the same level as Ben and Arthur, this film is really so bad. <br /> <br /> However, we should be in a sense happy, films like this are a real rarity. They give us hope that one day we will become directors or become scriptwriters. Just because we have a new sense of confidence because we know that nothing we produce, no matter how much an amateur can be as fun as this holiday. <br /> <br /> This Worst Movie of All Time was finally uncovered, and it is called Ben and Arthur.
