I have no idea what, on earth or outside, would make Sam Mraovich believe that it would be a worthy project. "Ben and Arthur" - one of the worst films in history. In fact, I do not see the reasons why it should not be at # 1 on the 100th day. Although I have not seen, for example, SuperBabies: Baby Geniuses 2 (# 5 at the time of publication), I would risk Guess that this film is much better than this oozing wound, because even in its senseless gloom, at least Baby Geniuses 2 were made professionally. On the contrary, everything, and I mean everything, in this film is completely unprofessional. <br /> <br /> The film is intended to be an attack on the alleged fanaticism of the Christian right and hatred of gays. And I emphasize "intended." Not only does he completely and completely fail in his goal, he also leaves an ugly scar Instead of creating a convincing and realistic portrait of a gay couple’s struggle against society, which largely opposes them, it creates tired, rough stereotypes of each party involved. Ben and Arthur, the namesakes, are depicted as two coarse, hopelessly sexy and hopelessly romantic cardboard necklines that marry when laws change to allow them to do so. This is met with opposition from brother Ben Victor, a Christian minister, who, like all Christians (as this film would have us believe), was loud, curious, stupid and cruel. He tries to kill Ben and Arthur after his associations with them kicked him out of the ministry. Like in real life. And if you think it is terrible (the way it is), you have not seen it all yet. <br /> <br /> Actors (?) Here they manage to completely destroy all the signs of believability in this film, pronouncing their words as if they were telling a homemade comedy video on YouTube. But even Daniel Day-Lewis and Marlon Brando, as the main characters, would not have been able to save this fool, because there would still be the question of a completely meaningless and laugh-provoking dialogue that fills every minute of the film. There is at least one awkward or inappropriate quote in every scene. For example, in one scene, Victor tries to complain about the inability to have nieces or nephews because of his brother's homosexuality. But instead of clearly depicting this idea, he spits out a stupid, completely confusing, whitish line: “You know, I will never have nieces or nephews, okay, because you're so cool ED UP! "<br /> <br /> Even more blatant is the complete lack of production values. Yes, I know that this is not the Dark Knight, but even amateur filmmakers need to know some basics about special effects and editing. For example, the six point dyes for pie isn't enough for realistic bullet wounds. People don't teleport through the room between takes. And objects don't fall FORWARD when fired! <br /> <br /> Don't waste your money on Ben and Arthur. I don't care if you are 7, 17 or 107. I don’t care if you are gay, straight, bi or not determined poured I do not care if you're "just curious" I do not care for some pathetic reason, you may be tempted to buy this pile of manure Stay away, far from the only quality of this movie -.... its ability to be used as a frisbee.
