I made a big mistake actually seeing this whole movie a few nights ago. God, I'm still trying to recover. This film does not even deserve 1.4 average. IMDb should have 0 votes for movies that truly deserve it. 1.4 - TOO HIGH. <br /> <br /> I heard how terrible this film is, but I really didn’t think that the film could be so bad, especially in our day and that era. I figured that all the wonderful movies of the terrible god were only from the 1950s and 1960s. My God, I was wrong. Believe me guys, this movie is really bad. This is terrible; it is beyond pity; it is beyond any type of word I can think of for this. BATTLEFIELD EARTH looks like the best picture of the year compared to this film. THE ISLAND OF THE SERPENT (which has so far been the worst film I have ever seen) looks like it deserves a few Oscars compared to this pitiful effort. <br /> <br /> I seriously can not believe that the creators of this film thought it was a legitimate serious attempt to produce a Hollywood film. This has nothing to do with the film. In the first 25 seconds of the film, I seriously thought that I was watching some theater class in high school, trying to make a short film. Or, even better, I thought it was some Saturday night Live Ripoff. I mean, it looks that way. The game is terrible; The whole film looks like it was filmed on a 20-year-old VHS camcorder. special effects ....... well, good lord, Enchanted in those days had better special effects than in this film. The scene where he is shot at the door, beyond the laughter and beyond the great delirium. I mean, seriously, in my introductory class on acting 4 years ago in college, we could all make a better film than this one. And the worst part of the whole movie is where Arthur is naked in the bathroom. Oh my god, I'm almost there. I have a strong stomach, but it was terrible. Some people should never be naked, and he is one of them. The plot of this film, it seems, is simply not going anywhere. They talk about legal issues that we never hear about again; Ben talks about music we never hear about; Arthur says that he is looking for work and money for college and the next thing we see is that he works in a porn shop. Everything in the film is just awful. <br /> <br /> This really has nothing to do with my criticism, but for everyone to know, I'm not gay. Nevertheless, I support the rights of gays and I think that we should be treated as equals. And I will support any gay man in my church, unlike the cruel priest in this film, who, by the way, seems to swear at any other word. (WHERE F * (# * whites?) Hahaha But I didn’t want someone to think that I hated this film just because of two gay guys. He has nothing to do with it: it would be just as awful a movie, if it was Ben and Jill, not Ben and Arthur. I just watched this movie to see if it was as bad as they say. And yes, it was even LESS Than I read. Let it be a warning for everyone: Watch ONLY this film if you want to just sit back and laugh at how pitiful some fi can be Pictures in the 21st century. If you are watching this film and really expecting a good film or some kind of entertainment, I don’t have any sympathy for you. <br /> <br /> In conclusion: there are 7 films in the world that are ranked BELOW, on IMDb? Worse than that!
