Holy shit, this movie was bad. I watched it just as a joke. It is not even so bad that it is unintentionally good. This film seemed to be designed to piss me off personally. It worked very well. It’s as if the people who did it just took all the really annoying things about the PRIEST movie, added ugly guys to a bunch, got something interesting, funny or even remotely sexy and clever out of the mix, and then added rotten cheese to a bunch. That is all there is. Cheese. There is not a single person with whom this film could connect. There is no universe in which this film could take place. Why can't such a film be just about enjoying life and being happy? Why did they have to make this stupid film idea even more ridiculous than it really is? Why couldn't they at least try to make a good movie out of it or even a B-movie? Now that I think about it, what the hell are they trying to do with this movie? I watched it, waiting for an indecent love story, and instead I got a boring student project about some idiot who had to find the strength and courage to marry his boyfriend while his annoying Christian brother tried to destroy it all !!! No, I'm not joking. That's what it is about. That sounds good? This film is rather ignorant of the people of the Christian religion, as it stereotypes that all Christians scream, be rude, and are obsessed with making more people miserable. Many Christians whom I know would never speak or behave like these freaks. The film, however, is equally unjust and ignorant to the gay community as well. This must be the most reckless stereotypical gay men from the time of the guy on the radio station in this video game ROADKILL. It is so nervous and just annoying to such an extent that I could not fully pay attention to this film. The creators of this train derailment did not have a strategy for set design, play, perspectives, lighting, script, authenticity, or the idea of ​​making it interesting or interesting. There is not even a single sex scene, or at least not believable. Jamie Brett Gabel was the only guy in the film who looked any good, but his appearance was unfortunately wasted. This is rubbish. In an ideal world, this film would have been voted 0.0. It costs 0 as one movie. A mentally handicapped nun who is blind, deaf and has tiny little bones for her arms and legs, and whose face is on her armpit, could write, shoot and make the best film, and she would probably also be a better actor. the fact that this film exists is a crime against the very word “film”. This film is so bad that other films should be ashamed of the fact that they are available in the same watchable format. I could put the broom on a chair and then record it on camera, then stop the film, then replace it with a mini Christmas tree, and then record it, and I already shot a film that will always be better than BEN & ARTHUR as at least half. There are only two things worse than death. Torture and surveillance of Ben and Arthur. I'm a homosexual, and I will probably be the most fun person you will ever meet if you meet me, and I don't think I was more offended by the whole movie than I was in the first five seconds of this movie alone. If this film was a mistake, I personally would find a way to replace the famous phrase “It's okay to make mistakes” with “It's okay to make mistakes, unless this error was BEN & ARTHUR”. Do you know how people always say something like: “Good things come out of everything!”? I think that BEN & ARTHUR were invented primarily so that there could be something on this earth that nothing good would come of. Calling this movie the worst movie I've ever seen would have been too helpful. It’s as if this film was designed so that it could qualify in its category. There are good films, there are bad ones, and then BEN and ARTHUR. This is BEN AND ARTHUR.
