Intrigued by the synopsis (every gay video these days has a piece on the cover; this doesn't necessarily have to be considered a good sign), I bought BEN AND ARTHUR, not knowing about it. This is my second (and I assure you, this will be my last) purchase video CULTURE Q CONNECTION. As far as I know, this DVD is nothing but impudent robbery. I do not make this observation slightly ?? I am a big video collector, gay and mainstream, and I can say with some authority and without hesitation that BEN AND ARTHUR is just the worst movie I've ever seen in my life. Period. My collection boasts more than 1,600 films (93% of them are on DVD), of which more than 300 are on gay and lesbian topics. I hardly own every gay movie ever made, but I note with satisfaction that I buy almost all interesting gay videos, and very often I buy videos without knowing anything about the movie. Sometimes it makes a pleasant surprise - Aimee & Jaguar, “It's in the water”, “Urbania” and “Normal” are all examples of great gay titles I stumbled upon. Therefore, when I read on the box that BEN AND ARTHUR were concerned with the conflict between gay lovers and the Christian Right, one of my favorite topics, I decided to look at myself invisible, despite my previously disappointing purchase of another name CULTURE Q CONNECTION, VISIONS SUGAR DRAINS. This film was pretty bad, but compared to Ben and Arthur, it looked like Gone With the Wind. So what was wrong with Ben and Arthur? Lot! To begin with, the “plot” as it was was completely ridiculous. This film almost made me sympathize with Christian law ?? we are asked to believe not only that the church will drive out a member, because his brother is gay, but that the priest will in fact arrange the execution of a gay mafia-style guy to save their souls (as it even makes sense). The letter is so bad that many scenes do not make sense at all, and a few plot points do not reflect any logic, continuation or connection with history. Murder and violence appear to be an acceptable end to the conflict between gay activists and right wing on both sides, and the actions are so bad that it’s hard to imagine someone being hired in this film. Characters who are supposed to be straightforward are almost all gay people without exception - and stereotypes to follow; funny characters are not sexy and not interesting. This film is enough to dissuade anyone from buying a video on a gay theme forever, and distributors should be ashamed of themselves. The only advantage this picture has over my other purchase of CULTURE Q Connection, VISIONS OF SUGARPLAMS, is that it has a soundtrack with a clear dialogue. This difference is unlikely, because the script is so tasteless that understanding the script only helps you realize how bad this film really is. This is inconvenient for queer culture, and I intend to warn everyone I can, before they spend their money on it. At $ 9.95, this film would be greatly overrated; I understand that this will soon be overvalued under $ 20, which is ONE highway robbery. I paid the original price of $ 29.95, and I never felt more deceived in my life. The only real laugh associated with this nonsense is the reviews ?? I have seen “user reviews” for this movie on numerous websites, and there is always one or two that “praise” the director / writer / actor in such a way that it’s obvious that the reviewer is a friend of this copycat Ed Wood. How sad. How desperate. I would just like IMDb to allow you to assign zero stars - or even minus zero. If ever the film deserved it, this is it.
