If there was a film that deserved 0 out of 10, that would be it. "House of the Dead" redefines the term "bad film." Other bad movies, such as “When a Stranger Calls” or “Premonition,” will actually look much better than Home of the Dead. The main “plot” of the House of the Dead is a group of twenty people who go to a remote island to visit the “rave of the century”. When they get there, they only find a few tents, a bar, a stage and bloody T-shirts. They still decide to stay, and soon zombies attack them. <br /> <br /> There is nothing in this movie to help. It is not interesting. Instead, it is painful to watch because it is terrible. The game is incredibly bad. In an interview on DVD, one of the actors said that Uwe Boll, the director, is not afraid to tell someone when he does a good job or a bad job on stage. This is a blatant lie. The script seems to have been written by an 11-year-old teenager, who decided to turn on the scene when someone vomited on the girl's chest and turned on a funny line: “it smells like someone flew here.” Characters do not have individuality or depth, and they do some of the most moronic things ever seen in a horror movie. Somewhere along the way, the characters also magically turn into a special forces team to destroy the zombies. It’s as if they don’t even need to aim their weapons, and they automatically shoot the zombies in the head. <br /> <br /> The worst thing about this movie is directing. There is something wrong with Uwe Boll. Ball's camera work is surprisingly disconnected. His pans with zombies running through the forest are more stupid than menacing. Worse, Ball thought it would be a good idea to include small snippets from the House of the Dead video game. Quite often and in the most random moments, you suddenly see animated zombies shooting. It makes no sense. No one in their right mind would think that this is a good idea. As if Ball wants to constantly remind us that this film should be based on a video game. Uwe Boll also decided that it would be great to include slowed down 360-degree rotating frames during the battle scenes, in the style of "The Matrix". Unfortunately, he does it too often, and every shot causes nausea. The soundtrack for this film is also amazing. Most action movies are accompanied by a loud rap track. It also aggravates the headache caused by the brutal House of the Dead. <br /> <br /> “House of the Dead” is not bad, because it is based on a video game. In fact, it has very little to do with the video game. It also does not fit into the “so bad it is good” category. This, however, fits into the category of "so bad it hurts." This movie just sucks. Uwe Boll should never go anywhere near other film sets. Even his presence will curse the production. To all directors: whenever one of your films gets a bad review, all you have to do is remember that you haven't been filmed in House of the Dead, and you will feel much better. I will never return the 90 minutes of my life. To summarize, the words really cannot describe how bad this film is. Anyone involved in the production of this film, especially Uwe Boll, should be ashamed of himself. Although what I said may make “The House of the Dead” funny, in fact it is not. There is nothing funny about it. Avoid this at all costs.
