When George S. Scott played a major role in the Patton, you saw how he led tanks with fist pumps, shot German dive bombers from a revolver and spewed obscene language both to superiors and subordinates. The very action that we get from Gregory Peck, like the "MacArthur" figure from the same war, is a more controversial achievement, when he knocks mapboards with his finger and raises that famous eyebrow of his. <br /> <br /> Comparing Peck's performance with Scott may be unfair. However, the fact that MacArthur was created by the same producer and voiced by the same composer gives rise to parallels, as is the fact that both films are opened with generals who turn to the cadets at West Point. It is clear to me that the filmmakers sought to imitate this film, which received an Oscar several years ago. But while Peck looks much better than Scott ever did, he looks mostly boring in a story that less resembles drama than Wikipedia’s passing on MacArthur’s later career. <br /> <br /> “Today, there are those who think that he was a dangerous demagogue, and others who say that he was one of the greatest people who ever lived,” the creeping name tells us. This is a typical example of post-Vietnamese sophistry concerning those who led the military in America, most of their time, but what we get here is not a point of view. MacArthur, presented here, is not angry or inspires him in life. <br /> <br /> Director Joseph Sargent, who led the famous Jaws Revenge turkey, draws numbers on the job with soft combat installations and some obvious use of the kit (for example, when the Chinese attack American troops in Korea), The script of Hal Barwood and Matthew Robbins puts forward MacArthur, who seems good-natured to politeness, a little too keen on his public image, but no less than decent. <br /> <br /> Here you see him descending from the landing craft, returning to the Philippines. There you see how he addresses Congress in his speech, “Old Soldiers Never Die.” For a long time, he was sitting in a cinema in Toyko, waiting for the North Koreans to cross the 38th parallel so that we could continue this story while newsreels show Japan’s rising from the ashes under its enlightened rule. Co-actors Peck, Marge Dusay as his loyal wife (“you are my best soldier”) and Nicholas Coaster as a faithful assistant, throw tears at the eyes in the direction of the magnificence of their companion, but are not interested in themselves. <Br /> <br /> Even when he argues with others, Peck never raises his voice and for the most part defeats his arguments with thunderous eloquence. When Admiral Nimitz proposes to postpone the return of the Philippines, which is a matter of personal pride, as well as tactical concerns about MacArthur, MacArthur returns with a comment: "Just now, when I listened to his plan, I thought I saw how our flag went down." Undoubtedly, the real Nimitz could say something about this, but the character in the film simply bows his head and humbly accepts an insult in the presence of President Roosevelt. <br /> <br /> The only person in the film that MacArthur seriously disagrees with is Harry Truman, with whom Ed Flanders does an excellent job, despite the prosthesis that reminds him of Tukan Sam. Truman MacArthur’s dismissal should be a dramatic event, but here it happens in a quiet dinner conversation in which Peck plays MacArthur as nothing less than a genius martyr. <br /> <br /> I have never been sold. Peck is standing at the upper pantheon of screen stars; he provides an excellent presence, but he lacks complexity, even in many of his most famous roles. But it is unfair to dock it here, since it does not help much in defining MacArthur as something other than boring speech. Except for two scenes, one where he protests against the capitulation of the Philippines (“He hit the Old Glory and raised the sheet!”), And the other where he has a mini-stall, waiting for the US invasion of Incheon, falling on the Communists who are undermining it in White home, Peck really plays Peck here, and not the complex character that inspired the famous sober "American Caesar." The real MacArthur could be worthy of such a comparison. What you get here is less worthy of Shakespeare than the Shakes the Clown.
