So, I'm not a big fan of video games, but was House of the Dead game famous enough to make a movie? Of course, they went so far as to actually insert quick video game clips throughout the film, as if justifying some particular scene of violence, but there are dozens and dozens of games that look the same with the hand below on the screen, supposedly yours, with weapons and cheat all sorts of aliens or the walking dead or snipers or whatever. <br /> <br /> This is an interesting premise in the House of the Dead, with a large number of college children (like LOADED college children, children who can pay some fisherman about $ 1,500 for a trip after they miss their boat) trying to get to this island for what should be a delirium year. The first thing that comes to mind about “The House of the Dead” after watching is that it is becoming increasingly obvious that modern horror films have become nothing more than an exercise in finding creative ways to attract many poorly dressed teenagers in exactly the same situation. At least in this case, the fact that they were heading towards a rave justifies how the girls are dressed. They look terribly inappropriate, run around the forest in cute little tops, but at least they THINK they were dressed for the occasion. <br /> <br /> Clint Howard, revealing the most interesting character in the film to date, provides an absolutely terrible performance, the greatness of which overshadows any other actor in the film. I hate it when famous actors change their accents in films, it is so rarely effective, and Howard here shows that he is equally flat when a famous actor pretends that he is this seasoned fisherman with a hoarse voice from the years of breathing salty air. He didn't even gnash well. It sounded like he was eating a cinnamon roll before shooting and inadvertently inhaled some icing sugar or something. Very cool, Clint! I expected more from him, but on the other hand, he agreed to take part in this mess. <br /> <br /> As soon as we get to the island, the film temporarily turns into any of the films shot on Friday, the 13th, which was filmed. camp site at Crystal Lake. Many teenagers played actors who were too old to get their roles undressed and then killed. I think the nudity was impressive, but let's look at something. These children pay almost two dollars to get to this island, to get into Rave Of The Year, find NO ONE and say: well, who wants a beer! Even the guy who pulled a stack of hundreds from his wallet to get them all did not think that they had found a full bar and not a single lonely person in sight. Here you have a contribution from director Uwe Boll - There is alcohol! They will not notice that the party to which they came, consists not of one, but of themselves! <br /> <br /> So they not only start drinking, not paying attention to the fact that the whole group left the island, but when one of the girls goes into the dark forest to find out where everyone is (reluctantly dragging along one more girl and one of the guys), the boy and the girl who stay behind to be smashed, decide that it would be a great idea to get undressed for a quick now when they are alone. As if they expected to find the island empty, and now that the rest of the people they came with have left for a while, they will have some privacy, since there is no one around. Sumptuously! <br /> <br /> Now about the things that everyone hated, judging by the reviews that I read about the film. Yes, embedding frames from a video game into a movie, mainly to show that yes, the movie was correct / directly copied the video game. Of course, it was a stupid idea. I can not imagine who came up with this little nugget, but the worst thing is that the scenes with the bullet times in the style of the Matrix were added again and again, again and again. After the first time (when I discovered that for a film like this, it would be pretentious and stupid to have such a snapshot as if it were something original), this is noticeably more for the frame's technique than for any dramatic meaning or creation. any kind of tension for a movie. <br /> <br /> One of the things that makes a film about zombies scary and makes you stand on the edge of your place is that they slowly but steadily follow live people who are much faster, but tired, run from places where you can run, and with a terrifying lack of things you can fight with zombies. The first two were made right in the film, the children are scared and they have nowhere to run because they are on the island, but since they caught the car with the smuggler, they were heavily armed. And I mean it very much. I mean, these people have everything from machine guns to hand grenades, which removes most of the stress of the oncoming walking dead. <br /> <br /> Then you have what I call the techno-slasher scene. Since there has never been a delusion, and I think that since Uwe Boll thought that people would be disappointed that they didn’t hear techno music in the film, there is one scene right in the middle where all people fight the living dead, and surprisingly, it turns into something like a music video. Techno music sounds, as the frames are edited together faster and faster, until it is nothing but a blurred spot, basically only about 5 frames in length (which is about 1/6 second), flashing on the screen in time with the speed of techno Music . Clever, I think, but he has no place in a horror film, because it completely eliminates any sense of sharpness or tension, even of a gross effect, because you cannot see one thing long enough to react to it. You just watch these shots fly across the screen, and you wonder what the hell the director was thinking when he decided that it would be nice to add something like this to the movie. <br /> <br /> I can see that many compare this film with Resident Evil, basically saying that it copies the premise, and they are absolutely right. I appreciate that, at least here, as it was not in Resident Evil, there was not some kind of artificial virus that turned people into walking dead who could infect other people, changing them the way vampires turned others into vampires . “28 days later” also clearly served as a source of inspiration for this film, and it’s a pity that House of the Dead didn’t do any of the original stuff, except for the somewhat idiotic idea of ​​inserting quick video game frames on which it was based Just in case forgotten. I really think it was supposed to be a much better movie. Although, obviously, I can not say that I know a lot about the game on which it is based, but the title and poster of the film deserve a much better film, but, unfortunately, I think that this happens more often than with horror films. It's really a little sad when a movie comes out, which is so clearly advertised as a ruthless horror film, and the scariest thing in the whole movie is the final frame, which suggests the possibility of continuation.
