Lynn Hollister, a lawyer from a small town, travels to a nearby big city for business related to the death of his friend Johnny. (Yes, Lynn is a man, despite the sounding female Christian name. Did the writers try to make a rude reference to the fact that John Wayne's name at birth was Marion?) that johnny was killed. Further investigations show that the network of corruption, crime, and election fraud is linked to Boss Cameron, the leading light in the city’s political machine. <br /> <br /> It looks like the plot of a horrible crime thriller, possibly made into the style of a film noir, which began to become popular in 1941. This is not true. "Devoted man", despite his theme, looks more like a light romantic comedy than a criminal drama. Hollister falls in love with attractive daughter Cameron Sabra, and the film then concentrates on their final romance as well as on the elements of obscurity. <br /> <br /> This film could work if it was made just a serious drama. One reviewer claims that John Wayne is not at all believable as a lawyer, but he couldn’t play a cowboy in every film, and a tough lawyer fighting off organized crime would probably be good at his compass. I agree with this reviewer when he says that Wayne was not Cary Grant's imitator. Romantic comedy just was not on his street. One of the weak points of the studio system is that the actors may have to play any role their bosses require of them, regardless of whether they are on their street or not, and since Wayne was one of the few top stars working at Republic Pictures, they undoubtedly wanted to get as much mileage from him as possible. <br /> <br /> However, even Cary Grant himself could not make The Devotee Man a comedy film. This is not a reflection of his comic talents; This is a reflection of the complete lack of funny material in this film. I doubt that anyone, no matter how developed his sense of humor, will be able to find in him anything that you can laugh at. The carefree tone of the film does not make him a successful comedy; it only prevents it from being taken seriously as anything else. This is one of those films in which there is no fish, no meat, no poultry, no good red herring. 3/10
