First of all, I did not know anything about "Labyrinths and Monsters" before I looked at it. I did not know about role-playing games or that it was the film “Made for Television”. When I looked at the cover (updated DVD), I seriously thought it would be another fantasy adventure, such as Legend, with Tom Hank in the role of the 1980s Earth Know-all hero entering the mythical world to save the princess from the evil maze filled with monsters. Sounds exciting, right? This is what the cover suggests at first glance. I was presented with this film, obviously, under the same premise, because my aunt knows that I am in action movies with a medieval mythical theme. And there is Tom Hanks, one of my favorite actors. So I made this film, expecting a good movie with Tom Hanks in the world of 80s special effects, which is good for laughing. <br /> <br /> No! None of this happens. Now, before I continue, I confess that I am a nerd, but I am not interested in role-playing games. It's all about the film, so my interest in content is warm at best. And M & M (copyright infringement?) Is not even a very good role-playing film with attractive fans who use their imagination to enter the world of awesomeness. Not! This is an anti-rooting film that was supposed to be shot by some kind of religious people (the same people who also think that Barney is the work of Satan). I understand that Satan is a cunning man, but I do not think that he is desperate. Enough for the soul to put RPG lovers in worship of him. This film is a film against gamers. That's what I understood from this movie: he hates role-playing and not only makes fun of people who play role-playing, but also makes poor Tom Hanks mentally ill. <br /> <br /> Tom had an excuse to talk to volleyball in 'Castaway', the poor fellow was alone, but Tom somehow made his insanity funny, and you literally saw Volleyball an attractive character thanks to Tom's good game. I would like to watch this movie instead. In this film, Tom is attacked by a pretended dragon creature (he looks like a poorly made talisman for the RPG team) and has a split personality, at best an eerie one. Tom’s actions only surpass you to make you feel bad because of his character and nothing else. I understand that the poor fellow lost his brother and because of this is not in order, so the film wins points for deliberate tragedy. I'm not one of the films that use mental illness, and the ending of M & M made me feel like a cr * r. Fortunately, after that I looked at Hudson Hawk and laughed before my soul was broken further. Yes, “HH” is superior to “M & M”. , , lot! This is not one of Tom's best films. In fact, this is the most depressing film in which I have ever seen him (even “Saving Private Ryan” is not so sad). I walked in the hope of watching a good film and eventually felt the exact opposite. If you want to watch a sad (both emotional and visual) film, then be sure to watch it. If this film is intended to convey a message, then it sounds like this: "Do not play role-playing games if you are a cuckoo for coconut puffs."
