The psychology of this film is really strange to try to understand. It is often put up as a film against an RPG, but in reality it's not that simple. Here there are obvious contradictions that make me think that (if anything at all) they are trying to say about games. <br /> <br /> They diligently acquaint all the heroes in their home lives through familiarization, all of them have parents who are divorced, alcoholics, and completely unrelated to their lives, unless they cruelly make them succeed. Tom Hanks, perhaps the worst of all, has just failed at another school and is still dealing with a brother who has disappeared and may have died. <br /> <br /> It has been mentioned several times that they are playing a game to deal with problems in real life. And, of course, at the end, when they go to visit Robbie (Hanks), they are all happy and well adjusted, start their adult careers, solve problems, postpone the games (Daniel doesn't even want to create a computer game more), and even Robbie's mother, who is constantly drunk and unhappy, suddenly becomes a happy housewife, looks fresh and bright and collects flowers. <br /> <br /> Of course, JJ suddenly (and seems to be quite fun) decides to commit suicide, but the reason seems to be entirely because he is the genius of a single boy who cannot get a date, but not because his character dies, as in Jack Chick's famous treatise (which happens later, anyway, and it almost seems like he does it on purpose so that he can finish Daniels’s game and make everyone come play him. Actually, the role-playing perspective games live in the caves, it seems, the only thing that saves him from suicide!) And in what, perhaps, the coolest scenario scene in the whole film, Kate, looking very attractive in chain mail, looks straight into the camera and says something like: “The most terrible monsters are the ones in our head” . <br /> <br /> The biggest fantasy trait in this film is two robbers passing a rich couple so that they can rob a dirty, homeless-looking guy from his magic beans. The recurring theme (“The way we were” for the 80s) may have been sharp in the end, but as a way to start a film is completely depressing and inappropriate. And another mystery: our hero in full regalia Pardu suffers psychotic break, completely becomes his character and starts to search, so, of course, the first thing he does is change into street clothes of the 20th century. <br /> <br /> So maybe the film is irrational, but I think it deals with an irrational theme. In those days, a circle of children with dices and pencils was considered spoiled and possibly obsessed, and you could go crazy if they talked about you, coming up with something else. Anti-gaming paranoia is largely summarized in the first scene, where a reporter asks the policeman what is happening, the policeman says that the children are lost in the tunnels, and there is a chance that the mazes and monsters are somehow involved. The reporter admits that he is vaguely familiar with the game (although he allows his children to play it), then turns to the camera and removes the polished spire, which blames the game for everything and does not allow for another explanation. In the end, this is not a masterpiece, but an interesting film created for television.
