A few weeks ago, the German TV company "SAT1" advertised this film as a "television event of the year" - sorry, but this year I saw the best on television. <br /> <br /> I didn’t do this. I thought a lot about the film, but soon I remembered two other horrible films when I watched a commercial, namely Titanic and Pearl Harbor, because the picture looked so familiar. : “Heroine” (if I can call her that) in the middle and she’s two “loved ones” next to her - Pearl Harbor, anyone? In fact, the love story is the poor man's version of the one at Pearl Harbor, and this story was already poor! <br /> <br /> But since I like to watch movies and analyze their patterns, I finally decided to watch this garbage. The film begins with the fact that the doctor leaves his family for a military strike on Russia at the end of the Third Reich, promising his wife that he will return. Now let's fast forward to the spring of 1948: Germany lost the war, and the Allies and Russia captured the country, and both of them are trying to destroy each other for the sake of world power and their ideologies: capitalism against communism. Well, I suppose you already know the story, because you have to know it - the film doesn’t really worry too much about it and literally defies historical facts. The film attempts to portray the US government as angels and completely ignores the contribution of other countries during air travel, especially Britain, which was responsible for almost a quarter of the food, despite the fact that their country was bombed from the country they are trying to help. <br /> <br /> What was also quite annoying was the historical remarks that people said in the film, for example, when the mother of the heroine tells her daughter that Germany can be separated in half with the answer: “It's impossible!” Or when Stalin (where, according to the director, we simply press similar mustaches to the actor, and he will be like him), says that Russia should stop the spread of Coca-Cola in Germany. Yes, right, if Stalin ever said something like that. Or there is one American pilot who tells his friend about bread and meat and everything possible in it - please! Burghers were invented by the PATH before that time. <br /> <br /> In the film, you once see a map showing airlines and, oddly enough, the map looks as if it came out of a laser printer right in the year 48. American General Lucius Clay, whose main idea was to stay in Berlin, is portrayed as a guy who is sneaky and ill-tempered, and all the ideas that he historically had, such as air transport and the improvement of this idea, came from the fictional character of Philip Turner, love an actress who brings me to other aspects: there is a shortage of African American soldiers in the film, there were two of them in the whole film! In addition, the relationship between American soldiers and German civilians was not resolved, and if such relations were exposed, an American soldier would be sent home. I do not want to say that there was no relationship at all, but in this film there was a couple who almost got married if it were not for the death of the pilot in his fake CGI aircraft, which looked terribly unreal, especially CGI Fire! <br /> <br /> If this were not enough, all the Americans in this film spoke German without an accent, although they had only been in Germany for a couple of months - look, I am also an American, living in Germany throughout my life and life and even I have a little accent. The way the child played was especially bad: the children had two expressions on their faces: “I normally look monotonous-like-a-robot” and smirked. <br /> <br /> In general, the film was Bored from start to finish, moving too slowly, especially a love story that was the same as in Pearl Harbor, with only half the dialogue. The sad part is that the film was very successful - 8.97 million people watched the first part and 7.83 million - the second part the next day. Thus, SAT1 received two successive victories in the total market share and a tremendous victory in a commercial commercial group. But, as I always think: the biggest pile of crap is where most flies go.
