First of all, I have to say that I really liked the previous film by ISHII Katsuhito "Samekhada Otoko Momojiri Onna" ("Shark Skin Man and Peach Thigh"). Despite the fact that he was indebted to Tarentino's “Pulp Fiction”, Ishii's cast was meant to carry the story, and the entire film crackled with energy. The scenes between Asano Tadanobu and Gashuin Tatsuya were particularly interesting. These were actions, intrigues, strange characteristics, enough sex to make everything interesting, and a completely unpredictable storyline. <br /> <br /> So I started watching this with a certain amount of anticipation and optimism. ” ". And my enthusiasm was definitely inspired by the opening credits that made my wife and me stunned by how dynamic and exciting they were; The mix of anime and live action was brilliant! Then the real movie began. In fact, this is not so much a “start” as shuffling in a side door and standing there, rummaging through pockets, looking uncomfortable. <br /> <br /> The whole movie takes place in three rooms. One of them is a paradise for futuristic voyeurs (slightly borrowed from "Shark Skin Man ..."), the other is the travel agent's office, and the third (and most used) is a dirty hotel room. In this room, the cast of seven characters meets and ... does almost nothing. Indeed. I am not new to talking films. One of my all-time favorite movies is “My Dinner with Andre”, the most talkative of all talking films. “My dinner with Andre” is much more exciting, and only two middle-aged men discuss their lives at dinner. The key is that Andre Gregory and Wallace Shawn tell interesting stories. The cast of "Party 7" literally just whined at each other throughout the film. "No, you are not!" "Yes!" "No, you really aren't!" "Yes, I really do!" "No, you really, really do not!" Yes, I really ... "You get the idea, I hope. I would like the director. <br /> <br />" Party 7 is an incredibly uninteresting film. There are only the most contrived plots (money stolen from the yakuza, as in "Shark Skin Man ..."), accompanied by almost nothingness. There is no interesting dialogue. Characters are mostly uninteresting. It was as if Ishii took advantage of instant conversations from Trentino films and built an entire film around them. But Trentino conversations always have their own internal logic and wit (“They call it“ Grand piano with cheese ”). Not so with a dialog box that is duller than you can imagine. If it were not for the short, cheerful cameo from Gashuin (which is always amazing) and a modest performance from the stunning ASANO Tadanobu, I would give “Party 7” one star. It really was a routine to get through it all.
