Since I saw the other three, I decided that I could also catch this fourth part of the Omen series made for television. As a stand alone film, this film is mediocre; but as a continuation of the 1976 masterpiece; This is a parody The film follows the same route as many TV shows when they run out of ideas; it is an idea to change a man and lead to a woman. It is always obvious that this film was made for television, since the acting is very standard, there are no ideas in the plot, and the terrible murder scenes shown in the previous three are reduced to a bloodless minimum. In the film there is a thread with the original, which I will not disclose, despite the fact that it is obvious; This revelation is one of the most interesting aspects of the film. The plot basics largely copy the original of Richard Donner and see a young couple adopting a child they call Delia (fortunately, not Damiell or Damian). A big dog and a child carer are involved here; and pretty soon the wife begins to suspect that the child may not be completely normal; since her period is eight years old and she has never suffered from any diseases ... <br /> <br /> The first two sequels of Omen were not at all bad, and the series really had to end at number three . I think that somewhere at the bottom money was involved, since in fact there is no artistic reason why this film should have been shot. From the point of view of originality, he does not give anything, and the only thing that he will probably manage to do is annoy the fans of the series. The film throughout the film looks and feels like a television film and for the most part unfolds as a film about the problem-raising upbringing of a young girl. Indeed, Asia Vieira looks like a little bitch; but she never convinces that she is antichrist, because her views are redundant, and much of the “evil” she does is ridiculous. Fay Grant gets the most modest role and is not impressive; while the rest of the actors regret that they agreed to act in such a terrible waste of time. The only good thing about this film is the theme melody, which, of course, was ripped from the original; and overused. In general, this film is really not worth watching; for it delivers nothing the series is famous for, and does not even do justice to weaken the second sequel.
