and did it. In my experience, when a horror film reaches the status of “franchise”, and after that subsequent credits are released, all of them, in turn, fall under the influence of one inevitable factor: irrelevance. Omen IV: Awakening does not make an exception to this rule, showing another young child allegedly assuming the role of the Antichrist, predicted by religious prophecy. Have we not seen this before? Isn't it enough that for three films before the release of this release we experienced the rise and fall of Damien Thorn? If you are a horror enthusiast just like me, you will realize that for a horror film, in which there are many sequels and prequels, it is natural to disappear into redundancy - Children of the Corn, Hellraiser, Phantasm; the list goes on. At the moment in the game, I am sure you know what to expect when you are ready to watch the fourth title in the series. Despite this, there are times when you sit back and understand how shameless some directors are. Omen IV: Awakening is also a shameless job of making money. <br /> <br /> This movie is nothing new or intriguing in the Omen lineup. Despite the fact that Omen IV is unique and authentic, they try to compare him with his brothers and sisters, the similarities and plot techniques confuse each other. Elements such as a guardian dog, priest participation, skepticism of people involved, decapitation death scene (obviously, a tribute to the original film when a journalist decapitates a sheet of glass) ... even to the extent of his father’s participation in politics and prestige in society make him too predictable . <br /> <br /> Despite the fact that in this series the B-rated category actors are often shot in horror films, the acting game goes beyond a chart filled with absurdity and unintended humor due to some poorly delivered lines throughout this movie. The atmosphere has completely disappeared compared to the first three names. In addition, the epic score composed by Goldsmith in previous films has been replaced by aural debacle; an absolute joke, and made me wonder if it was actually intended to be used in this film or just pulled out of the stock audio “bank” ... which really says something because I rarely comment on the lousy misuse of the musical score - still. <br /> <br /> In general, I would call Omen IV: Awakening a failure. In the world of horror films, which carry a long list of titles, some manage to reach the goal, while others don’t. If you are interested in making another cut on your weathered horror belt, for example, “I,” for the purposes of completing, perhaps you could cut out this heading in it - if not for entertainment value, then to assess whether the movie is being performed correctly or bad.
