Omen IV: The Awakening begins at the Francis Children's Home, where husband and wife Karen (Fay Grant) and Gene York (Michael Woods) donate their newborn sister Yvonne (Megan Leitch), which they adopted, they call her Delia. At first, things are going well, but as the years pass, and Delia (Asia Veria) grows, Karen begins to suspect her, as death and catastrophe follow, Karen is convinced that she herself is evil. Then Karen finds out that she is pregnant, but discovers an ominous plot to use her as a surrogate mother for the next antichrist, and is shocked when she finds out who Delia’s real father was ... <br /> <br /> Originally directed by Dominic Odenin-Girard, who either quit or was fired, and was replaced by Jorge Montesi, who finished the film, although for some reason he was worried because Omen IV: Awakening is absolutely terrible and shameful compared to his distinguished predecessors. Brian Taggert’s script is terribly bad, I’m not sure if this nonsense really looked good, like the written word on a piece of paper, but there’s so much wrong with it that it’s hard to believe. As a serious film Omen IV: “Awakening” falls right on your face, and it really works better if you look at it as a comedy, I mean the scene near the end, when the detective comes face to face with a bunch of zombie carol singers that sing an ominous gothic song, you need to see to be believed, and I thought that it was absolutely ridiculous and ridiculous in equal measure. Then there is a senseless difference between this and other Omen films that this time it's a young girl, the question I'm asking here is why? Seriously why? There is no reason at all and are not used to any effect in any way. Then, of course, at the end there is a stupid twist that claims that Delia was holding her brother’s embryo inside and that in an ominous conspiracy involving a group of devotees of Satan, he was implanted in Karen, so she can give birth to an antichrist idiot. It seems just stupid. At first, it has a certain entertainment value in how bad it is, but unintended gaiety gives way to complete boredom sooner than later. <br /> <br /> Obviously, it is impossible to know how many omens there were IV: Awakening from Girard & Montesi, but you can say that everything was not well behind the camera, as it is a meager, cheap-looking, poorly made film, which was actually made for television, and it is demonstrated with boring, flat and unimaginable cinematography and production design. Then there is the complete absence of fear, atmosphere, tension and blood, which are the main elements that made the previous Omen films so effective. <br /> <br /> The budget must have been quite low, and the film looks like it was. The best and most stylish thing in Omen IV: Awakening is the last shot in which the camera takes to the air when Delia leaves to show a crucifix-shaped cross made by two intersecting tracks, but this is the last shot before the end of the credit list that says everything. I have to mention music that sounds horrible, more suited to comedy and sounds very inappropriate. With acting, everything is in order, but, as usual, the child is annoying. <br /> <br /> Omen IV: Awakening is nonsense, it’s a completely ridiculous film that tries to be serious and ultimately looks silly. The change of director probably did not help either, although this is not an excuse. The latest film “The Omen” today after the original “The Omen” (1976), “Damien: Omen II” (1978) and “The Last Conflict” (1981), which are far superior to this.
