Only the Antichrist could be behind such a disaster. One can only hope that this irony was the driving force of the "movie"! This film was so bad that it made me sign up for IMDb, finally, just so I could spoil it. What makes this film even more tragic is that it contained such BIG source material! I have never seen a film in which all the elements would be so grotesquely mediocre that the result would be less than the sum of its parts. <br /> <br /> This may seem insignificant, but I would like to start with an assessment. As a proud holder of a musical degree, I have to register my indignation! I was torn between laughter and a dry thud as I listened to what John Scheffer did with Goldsmith’s brilliant score; it was much more awful than any of the burlesque death scenes, and almost as unintentionally comedic. It was by far the most inappropriate account I've ever heard, because, well, I really can't think of the worst. Maybe JAWS 4? <br /> <br /> As for the plot ... Sorry. Mystic New Age ??? What ever happened to the gritty realism of the original trilogy? In those films (more in the first two than in the third, but still !!), for the most part, the supernatural was implied, and it was this subtlety that made the films so terribly believable. Here we have crystals that turn black (calling all Skeksis and Mystics !!) and inverted crucifixes abound, although in some scenes a crucifix would be perfectly normal if not for the angle of the camera. The subtle psychological manipulations that reveal the indisposition that is inherent in our collective psyche are gone: in its place is the boorish “slap in the face” of recycled cliches and transparent incompetence. Add to this the leading "actress", so incredibly annoying that you warmly thank the director for those scenes in which she is absent. I have never seen a little girl so annoyed because little Stephanie ruined ALL FAMILY. <br /> <br /> Besides that, I have no strong feelings on this issue ;-) Fortunately, the first three films are quite deft how to make this train wreck a lost celluloid insignificant or, at most, a study of how NOT make a movie. Viewer beware! May cause vomiting if you are lucky.
