Just 15 minutes after the start of this film, I began to miss Zhang Yimou's earlier, more substantial films, which told about Chinese politics and society from unique points of view. In his humble opinion, his appeal to martial arts films was a serious mistake. The hero was his worst film since “Operation Cougar”, with an unnecessarily complex story and acting more wooden than in the film of John Agar. Shi Mian Mai Fu is no different. As an American who has been studying Chinese films for several years now (and understands, and can speak a little Mandarin), I am sure that my opinion is different from many others, because I am from a different environment. SMMF, like Hero, is not really a traditional Kung Fu movie and, of course, not a wuxia pian movie. There are no elements of the sword, witchcraft or chivalry. This is a completely different means of transportation than infinitely more watchable films, such as “The History of the Chinese Ghost” (all 3), “Butterflies Killing”, “The Green Snake” and others. While they all demonstrated charismatic roles that looked like they really enjoyed what they were doing, SMMF shows a soft and sometimes ridiculous dialogue combined with acting skills. Zhang Ziyi plays a blind man as well as Ben Affleck. There is a spirit of excellence in this film, and it is truly insulting. It takes itself so seriously that by the end it just becomes a huge joke. All the actors look as if this is the most important part of celluloid in history, they destroy any chance of conveying emotions, and the complete lack of a sense of humor really makes you wonder if Zhang Yimou was shooting the film as such or just a demonstration (i.e. ego ”) for Zhang Ziyi. The camera literally looks at her face, and in the film she is sexually abused not once, but twice. Her acting range has really not expanded for her ability to play the naive “z” itch. She is so focused on her game, she seems cold and lifeless, as if she is reading her lines from a notebook. It is very funny to hear how American critics and filmmakers (for example, the totally ignorant Quentin Tarantino) call this film a masterpiece. I think if they see on the screen a bunch of Asian actors looking really important while flying through a bamboo forest, they are deceived into thinking that this is a great movie. The choreography of Ching Siu Tung, still maintaining his corporate identity, editing and postures, lacks the vitality and originality of his earlier films, such as The Story of a Chinese Ghost, Draconian Hotel, and Fight to the Death. Unfortunately, the wire mesh in this film is really poor quality, and if there is a wire mesh / obvious wire mesh, then you probably should not have removed it at high speed. The same applies to special effects, which have a distinct B-movie feel. Beans, daggers, bowls, arrows, swords, and other random objects fly through the air (after being thrown), ignoring logic, turning, climbing, and roll, as if there is a small pilot inside. I know that logic doesn’t really take place in the stylized films about Chinese martial arts, but if you don’t want to provoke a mass giggle from your audience, then you probably should work a little more on the composition. Mass melodrama, unintentionally funny dramatic moments, boring battle scenes, really boring plot twists and turns - that's what awaits you with Shi Mian Mei Fu. Obviously, Zhang Yimou no longer makes films for the Chinese audience. This is intended to penetrate the western market, as did CTHD. After watching Hero and SMMF, I came to the conclusion that if Zhang Yimou wanted to make Hollywood films, he would definitely get out for the right start. SMMF is basically the Ghost threat of Chinese martial arts films. And I thought the Hero was bad.
