Well, that's why I shot this movie, similar to a clown, like “Chainsaw-Massacre Esq.” I did not expect much, but I really liked the new approach to the movie about the serial killer. (from the back of the box, the following brief overview is given) “At first it was just a joke — a bonfire myth — for five friends living in a remote hut in the forests of Texas. But when they began to disappear one by one, replaced by scattered, bloodied parts of the body and images of voodoo, the remaining few are fighting for their lives. But he is there. And he is sick. And all he wants is blood ... "So, obviously, from the very beginning it does not make sense: why is this clown in the forest to begin with? Why is the clown? Why are their dolls with the word" food "painted on them? Why why why? Anything is unlikely to get an answer within this 1 hour and 30 minutes. A native holiday, besides where this clown lives. Characters are stupid guys, stupid girls and a hell of a lot of bitchy ones. One of them, in particular, is a girl who they brought from the restaurant on the way, and they thought they were supposed to help because some guy bothered her she knew. What justifies it as an excuse to bring a girl into your circle of friends or into their house? She, of course, begins to sow the seeds of jealousy, forcing men to have sex with her, feeding their dull minds with everything they want to hear. <br /> <br /> Music was common (standard crazy keyboard music, as in every horror movie without distinction.) The actors seemed to be brought from some soap opera like they complained and whined about everything. The idea that the main guy in the film takes this girl to the cabin, because their first date leads to a terrible date, but, of course, she unrealistically gives herself to him on the first night of his acquaintance with him. It seems that some money was spent on something, but there was a clown outfit and a lot of cheap dolls for $ 1 wallowing in the forest, which was a terribly boring place to shoot this entire film (this was done too many times), I also waited for the clown to jump into the house to kill the remaining 4 characters of the film (perhaps through glass), but there was nothing exciting about the movie. I guess you just liked that the clown is a killer or something like that. <br /> <br /> I had to give the film 3. It was an interesting premise (in fact, the clown is a character in the Texas Chainsaw Massacre) and I will give them a star for acting seriously when the film could be completely video in the style of a B-film, but they chose a more legitimate video style. But ultimately, I probably would like to make the video "Clown Killer from Mars" again before returning to check it out. Ah, but this is a cover ... pretty cool picture.
