Far from giving the caffeine blow that one would expect from a movie that shares his title with the most vigorous rise in the temperature of hot drinks, Coffey grins and never rises above, being just a story of revenge. Indeed, if the film was a cup of coffee, it would be rather weak and watery, with a lot of unwanted shoots and a lack of a long aftertaste. Sporadically, it gets to the point, but otherwise it’s not the hot fighter she hopes for. <br /> <br /> Plot, Coffey is a nurse who takes the law into her own hands and provides tough justice. to a drug addict, assholes, crowds who drove her younger sister into a spoiled, sick condition. Socio-political commentary on the plight of black urban youth in America occupies a prominent place in Coffey, and this leads to some provocative things, such as Coffey crusades against political corruption and racism of the white establishment, which make a profit and act as a parasite on target African Americans. American minorities. Unfortunately, timely messages are undermined due to the poor quality of the film and lack of focus. Coffey's ideas are important, they are simply not targeted. <br /> <br /> One of the advantages of Coffey is the presence of the Blaxploitation icon Pam Grier. Greer plays her part with pleasure and turns into an attractive action movie hero when she shoots scumbags in her often spectacular acts of violence (how do you cope with a house full of hoods? Drive right through the front door!), It’s just a shame that the storyline at times it fluctuates, wasting time, squeezing as much of sexual exploitation as possible. The low budget could not help, but it’s also not a fact that for the Blaxploitation movie, Coffey has no groove. Just as problems are undermined by lack of quality, therefore, entertainment and excitement are also leveled by moments of dullness and wrong direction. <br /> <br /> The overall result is working and wooden. We get the heroine, but not the film. This is a shame, as Coffey has his own moments, and he should rightfully be seen as a key film in the Blaxploitation hobby; it simply never rises above the average warm number.
