I could not believe that this film dates back to 2007; it looked like a seventies horror film below average. Didn’t they know about modern special effects or computer graphics?!? Did they not know that after a millennium violence in a supposed horror film and / or science fiction film should be at least a bit graphic? Or did I misunderstand the goal, did it have to be a deep and meaningful story about man and animal, connected together in the great circulation of life, or warning mankind not to get involved in Nature, or something like that? It is not a big deal, anyway, it turned out to be wrong, and it seemed to me that this film failed in all respects. <br /> <br /> First of all: the premise is very incredible. If at some point you are able to replace a common eye, no one responsible medical scientist starts his first human attempt with both eyes at the same time, it is completely unprofessional. And do all this, apparently, without the informed consent of the patient ?! And why should I choose eyes that have a completely unusual color for people and make the victim look like a monster ?! By the way, I noticed that all the real wolves in the film had normal dark eyes that looked like a puppy, could they not have waited for such a sample? The story is not convincing, it’s about this poor guy Aaron, who gets these strange eye transplants, which suddenly makes him feel like a wolf donor (or at least that's how I do it), and then some military men chase him, the latter is a little funny. I mean, I can understand that the army is interested in the results of the experiment (imagine a soldier with night vision!), But since the operation fails because of the apparent nervous breakdown of the patient, I cannot understand why to kill him. Why not leave him alone and look for another useful recipient? (volunteer soldier maybe ??). And why try to kill everyone who is connected with poor Aaron, isn't that cool ?! Who the hell are these military anyway, I hope that this is not the US Army or government, they behave like psychopaths, walk in the hospital, swing automatic weapons, raid private apartments as if they are pursuing some kind of public enemy number 1, and demonstrate during the final battle to show in the forest a complete lack of discipline, like a handful of frightened schoolchildren panicking and shooting randomly around. <br /> <br /> Aaron, for some incomprehensible medical reason, feels like a wolf after transplanting an eye. Why did it happen ??? He suddenly sees visions of wandering wolves. What is it? We must believe that the memories of the donor wolf are in his eyeballs?!? And that the recipient of these eyeballs also accepts the wolf's desire for red (vital) meat and can jump from a balcony 30 feet high and land unharmed on his hands and knees like a cat (can a wolf even do it??!). <br /> <br /> The acting (or lack thereof) also did not help convincingly of all this: everyone stumbles like wooden dolls, especially this Indian girl, she can be beautiful, but she can come up with only one expression (discontent) and some unselfish mumbling about the power of Nature, and I wonder why Aaron suddenly attacked her (but hey, there probably should have been at least one love scene!). I really sympathized with actor Cory Monteith, who looked like a good guy with a rather handsome face, but they didn't give him any special treatment. He has to run bare-chested over half of the film, which would be fun to watch, but then it’s better for them to choose someone with a more impressive physique, Monteith should really leave his shirt. His (several) killings and attacks are almost invisible, we just hear growls and fear screams, and then another victim lies and Aaron with blood on his face and chest. Not much for modern science fiction horror! The only good actress came from Justin Bateman, and I really like to see how she turned into a beautiful and classy woman who is already forty years old. She did everything she could, with her stupid lines, and even convinced me that I was this doctor with good intentions, but they made her character a kind of weakling whom the leader of the military completely pursues. What a pity that the script did not make her get up a little more! <br /> <br /> In the end, it looks like a stupid and rather boring movie, hardly scary or exciting, with an incredible sequel, a variety of long, National Geographic-like visual images of wolves running through the woods and slopes. (Who cares about this?!?), some pretentious Indian conversations about Man and Nature and uneven musical scores with poppy songs at the most inappropriate moments. I think the word "superfluous" covers all of this.
