The hybrid begins when the guard of the water purification planet, Aaron Skates (Corey Monteith), has an accident that makes him blind. Fortunately, the brilliant scientist Dr. Andrea Hewitt (Justin Bateman), who works for Olaris, developed an organ transplant from one species to another, Hewitt decides that Aaron is perfect for her first human experiment. Hewitt and her team transplant Wolf’s eyes to Aaron, and he miraculously restores his sight. Brilliant, right? Well, no, actually, since Aaron begins to go crazy when he sees random images of Wolves and begins to develop a thirst for blood. Aaron escapes from the building of Olaris and runs, but he is too valuable to just let him go, and a full-scale search is under way to catch him ... <br /> <br /> Directed by Elena Lanskaya, this is another scientist. The Fi Channel offer, which, in any case, is just awful, I think that it probably began its life as a direct “feature of the being”, but in the end it became one of the most boring and boring films on the Sci-Fi Channel, which I ever seen. doesn't even have any kind of monster or creature. The hybrid is terrible, the script is terrible, and I'm not even sure who it should have addressed. The initial setup is fine when Aaron gets wolf eyes, but then Hybrid throws sci-fi elements and turns into some terrible drama, because he focuses entirely on Aaron's mental state when he asks himself, without doing anything, in particular Something from a Native American woman. Yes, you do not think that the Science Fiction Channel could make a film about wolves and put a bunch of garbage about the mythology of Native Americans, right? The character’s dynamics are strange, Aaron is shown as a pursued hero, but he is the only character who kills someone in the film, and a rather unpleasant, ungrateful and annoying person, while Dr. Hewitt is shown as an evil scientist, but she gives Aaron a look and does nothing, only tries to help him. I mean, Aaron is given the gift of sight, and Hewitt is a villain? In addition, there is a regular main channel for US military intervention on the Science Fiction Channel. The problem is, why do they want Aaron so much? He is not a soldier, and although he has the eyes of wolves that help him see in the dark, he is completely unremarkable. The script cannot come up with whether everything is in Aaron’s head or whether it’s real, the end is terribly bad with a half-naked one (remember, this was done for a telly) Aaron is running through the forest with a pack of wolves tuned to some awful music that I think , must be emotional, but makes it even more fun. There is so much bad in Hybrid that it is slower than hell, there is almost no action, there are no werewolves, and the film is spinning in circles, trying to penetrate Aaron’s mind, but it’s all so ridiculous, stupid and boring that you don’t have much and why, despite the wolves' eye transplant, Aaron’s other feelings of the wolf begin to develop. <br /> <br /> As a diabetic, I have eye problems, hell, I had a serious operation on the right eye and I can guarantee you that after the operation your eye will swell, you will not be able to open it, and it will be terrible it hurts, despite the eye transplant, as soon as Aaron wakes up in bed, his eyes are perfect, no swelling or even redness. There are no special effects, blood, blood, violence and nothing that could excite you. In fact, now I think about it, there is nothing even a distant horror or sci-fi feeling, it looks like a dark movie of the week. <br /> <br /> Filmed in Manitoba in Canada, the film looks good, but gently and forgotten. The acting game is the worst of all involved, none of those I have seen before, and hopefully never again. <br /> <br /> “Hybrid” is a terrible film that is obviously sold as a “Werewolf feature” A werewolf, but far from this and most people will struggle to get to a terrible end that will probably make you in the seams.
