The plot sounds vaguely interesting ... a scientist (Bateman) learns how to transplant the eyes of animals and optic nerves to other animals, such as humans. A young man (Monteith) went blind, rescuing a colleague at work - a scientist receives a call from the doctor that the young man is a good candidate for the role of the first person. The recipient begins to become more and more like a wolf, but the effect is nothing more than "strange eyes" and running at night with dogs! (for the entire film) The budget is too low, the dialogue is too unnatural (I laughed out loud at some ridiculous conversations), and the game is too inept. The long parts of the film are nothing but dreamy looks, eerie music and interspersed clips of wolves in the wild. Too long, even in 90 minutes, is boring and devoid of ideas. <br /> <br /> The military wants to use an eye transplant to restore sight to wounded soldiers, and probably want to militarize the technology. There is a silly story about a beautiful Indian girl (Corey) who thinks she can help using Indian wisdom about wolves. They make love while the music hits the drums, and the Indian singing sounds crazy, dude! Making love happens right after a horrible murder - who edited this turkey ?! The grumbling "healer" who spews banality seems to do little, except to add an atmosphere. <br /> <br /> Here are two ridiculous scenes. A research lab employee enters the pet room to discover that the monkeys have been released from their cages. She is frightened, looks left at the monkeys, turns right, turns left, turns right, turns left ... it goes on for a while (who edited it ??). CHOOSE FROM THE FUCK LABS! It was so stupid that I began to laugh. Another ridiculous scene - our hero at home, runs out of the window when armed forces arrive armed to the teeth - he leaves the window open, the military go to the open window, look out the window and say: "it looks like he was here" and leave! He went out the open window guys !! Crazy. <br /> <br /> Toward the end of the film, the military again and again shoot machine guns at trees, when, obviously, there is nothing - it is easier, perhaps, to arrange squibs. They have 6 machine guns that cut down trees, but decide to fight with our hero with one knife !!! Shoot the guy !! Who wrote this trash ?? In the end, meaningless confrontation, and believe me, I have not spoiled anything for you - there is not enough plot to spoil. <br /> <br /> I suppose that all this was tax write-off or urgent work to use unused budget money left over from the best film.
