This low-grade universal chiller has just been announced as the upcoming DVD release, but intended as part of a collection of similar films that I already had, I decided to purchase it from other channels and not wait for this legal release. Which is also good, since the end result was not something particularly special (although decently atmospheric): for a start, is the plot rather weak ?? although in a sense, this anticipates Vincent Price's theater of blood (1973), although without any strong enthusiasm for this film. What we have here, in fact, a penniless sculptor (Martin Koslek) ?? whom we even see, sharing his miserable plate of cheese with his beloved cat! ?? who, finding himself at the receiving end of the artificial critic Alan Napier once too much, decides to end all this by hurling himself into the next river. However, considering only this action, it is awaited by the rescued killer Rondo Hutton, called “The Creeper”, and, naturally, saves the poor guy's life with the intention of forcing the latter to do all the dirty work for him in gratitude! Although he is supposedly set in New York art circles, all we really see at work is Koslek and commercial artist Robert Lowry (who continues to paint the same stately blonde Joan Showley over and over in banal poses - like this for art ??) Who, comfortably enough, is engaged to a rival art historian (Virginia Gray) from Napier's! Soon, the latter was found with a broken spine and was suspected by Lowry; but then Detective Bill Goodwin’s investigation gets a brilliant idea to bring in another critic to publish Lowry’s horrible review (I didn’t know that the advertising sketches were reviewed !!) to gauge how strong his reaction would be! In the meantime, Koslek is misleading himself, thinking that he is creating his masterpiece by creating a unique rocky model of Hutton? and recognizable ?? A person who, of course, draws the attention of constantly visiting Gray (we tend to believe that she lacks material for her weekly heading), much to the chagrin of both the artist and the model. Surprisingly, although The Creeper is fully aware of what Gray looks like (thanks to her above-mentioned pursuit of the bitten Koslek flea), he hit on Showley ?? who by then had become Goodwin's girlfriend! ?? in Lowry’s apartment, and when he heard Koslek talking (you guessed it), Gray about his intention to leave him as a kid for the police, sends the demented-minded giant from its deep end, right up to the destruction of his own, already completed rocky image. It is curious that, although it was Hutton's penultimate film, his title in the credits is preceded by the epithet "introduction"!
