How sheep jokes are becoming popular. As soon as several critics say that something new is good (for example, “Shake-Cam”), everyone starts jumping, as if they are deprived of independent thought. It was not a good movie, it was a terrible movie. 1) Plot? - What is the plot? Bourne was chased from here to there, from beginning to end. This is the plot. Do not look for anything deeper than that. 2) Cinematography? - Do me a favour! Any 7-year-old armed with an old and battered 8 mm video camera would have done a lot better (I’m not exaggerating here). This film is a journey into an amazingly amateur camera work. The funny shaking of EVERYONE (I really mean every) scene will cause dizziness and nausea. 3) believable? “Oh, yes, definitely.” This is a masterpiece of trust. I liked the scenes in which Born was chased by (local) police along the winding market streets of Tangier. - I was in Tangier. Even the guides cannot walk along these streets, but Born knocked down 100 policemen with speed and agility. Greengrass must have laughed at the credulity of his students. 4) Editing? - I do not know what the editor was doing when he made this film, but I want a little bit! - Each scene lasts from 0.5 to 2 seconds. At the end of the film I was sick of the strobe effect of flashing “scenes”. 5) Directing? Hmmm This is an interesting aspect. The film does not really seem to have any director. Another case, when Greengrass threw a copy of the script (all two pages) to the cameramen and ordered "to shoot several scenes while they are drunk." “Don't worry boys, we will link the scenes together in the editing room.” The editor must be disguised, decorated with feathers and placed in stocks to allow this monster to get on the silver screen. 6) Not one, but TWO senior CIA officers, who had a gentle feminine attitude toward the ill-addressed and misunderstood Jason Born. - Emphasize their lives to those whom they could not even be sure that he was not a traitor. Let's talk about the stupid nindkompu. (While the evil male members of the CIA plan to destroy any operative who throws a paper clip on the floor). (well, all people are evil, aren't they? - except for SNAGS, of course). Yes, this is really a modern and politically correct film, in which women are portrayed as the heroes of the day, and the oppressor men - the real threat to humanity. 7) When you know that the fan finally hits, good triumphs over evil (as always, eh?), And the potential assassin attacks Jason Bourne - he suddenly has a feeling of guilt and refrains from pressing the trigger (Yes - that's right ...) - at this very moment, the evil deputy director just turns up in arms, and he pulls the trigger. - How did this 60-year-old man run so fast and not even suffocated? Miracles will never cease. 8) Do not worry, hearings in the Senate, and the villains are brought to justice. Well, we can not have vile, politically incorrect, CIA operatives go shooting people, right? How nice to see the true life of PS film about the nineties. ------------- The Bourne Ultimatum is complete nonsense.
