The number of nonsense in this episode was higher than in the first 9. They do not follow their own rules about spirits, when the destruction of the body causes the spirit to dissolve. This one dropped the second body. This body, and Dean, fell about 20 feet from Sam, but then he and Sam. The lights go out at night in an unlit asylum, and we can still see everything. Night, but light pours through the windows. A ghost who died in the 1960s is calling on a mobile phone? Come on! Sam can’t get a psychiatrist to see him the same day he makes an appointment, and the doctor talks to Sam as if it wasn’t his first visit. Sam and Dean knew that there were other bodies in the shelter and innocent spirits still lurking, and did nothing to help them. This is not like what the Winchester guys would do. Yes, and after you crawled on a dirty mattress and around a dirty shelter, the girl’s makeup and hair are perfect, and there is no stain on the white shirt. <br /> <br /> Despite the problems with the implementation of this episode, the premise was good, and several times I was not scared, but nervous when Dean sat and read Elikots diary. I simply knew that an object so personally close to a ghost would attract him to a person violating his holiness. Elikot did not appear. Maybe it is the fault of such an important object or place (for example, the Elikot office) that should attract the spirit when a living being touches or enters. When they break up, I want to scream ... "that's how you die! Always stay together and watch each other's back! but they do not listen to me: o The spirit of Elicot and his special abilities were a very pleasant touch. This is a prime time show, but I would really like Eliko’s horror to tie up one of his victims and use the anticipation of torture to get us further. <br /> <br /> Especially because of stupid illuminators, I set 4 Sudden darkness or flickering of the lighting of the whole scene, when the flashlight flickers, it becomes more and more terrifying. A lighter approaches or a flashlight awakens, and a spirit immediately appears on their face. I understand that the directors want us to see his scene, but then mention or notice the connection when Elikot touched the electrical outlet and the lights came on. Ask the characters to react to the fact that the lights suddenly lit up in one of the rooms of the shelter. Blue white lights twinkle in the form of electric arcs, just like the power of Elikot's fingers. <br /> <br /> Seriously, MCG could do better.
