Houseboat Horror is a great name for this movie. This is absolutely accurate, and therefore the only aspect of the film for which I can give 10 out of 10. There are houseboats, there is horror, there is even horror that takes place on houseboats. But if there had ever been a slogan for a movie poster, it would certainly be “Something bad on this path ...” because “Houseboat” is a horrible Australian horror film that I have ever seen. , not to mention one of the most horrendous films I've ever seen, and a rather cruel attempt to make a film in general. The good news is that it's damn terrible, it floats right through the spectators' contempt zone into the wonderful world of unintended gaiety. Worth seeing * because * it's damn awful. <br /> <br /> The category “worst” does not stem from the plot, for the simple reason that in fact there is one: the producer, the film crew and the rock band drive up to the mysteriously named Lake Infinity, a picturesque rural corner somewhere in Victoria (actually Lake Aildon) to shoot a music video. Someone is not particularly happy to see them there, and, perhaps, trying to serve the audience, begins to select them one by one with a very sharp knife. Even more mysterious is how long the survivors actually notice this, <br /> <br /> At first glance, it looks like a B-film bog slasher. You have very annoying young men, intolerant old people, eerie locals (one of whom, an employee of a gas station, easily wins the murder contest), and let's face it, my description of the killer can easily be Jason Voorhees. Ah, but if only the existing and production values ​​were somewhere as good as the comparative masterpiece, which was on Friday of the 13th part of VII. Unfortunately, Houseboat Horror is completely devoid of both of these things. <br /> <br /> But in the end, it only makes what you do, so funny and funny. Fans of the one-time participant “Late Show” and “Get This” Tony Martin already learn about some real pearls of the dialogue (“Look at the view ... you get pregnant!”), And the song itself accompany the music video so badly that you need to hear it in order to believe - I can't help but wonder if screenwriter / director Olli Wood was hoping that this would really be a hit. The horror element is comparable, I think, to the B-slashers of the genre and especially from that period, but there were times when I could not help but imagine someone biting a hamburger off-screen and seeing a volley of tomato sauce splashed on the wall on the screen. <br /> <br /> Indeed, if you listened to Tony Martin, who recommended this film as funny trash, like me, I do not think you will be disappointed. Any fans of horror "so bad is good" should not miss this opportunity. Will you "screw up" or not, is another question. If, on the other hand, you are looking for genuine excellence in the Australian horror genre, get yourself a copy of the incomparable “long weekend” and don't look back.
