When the remake of the film “When Strangers Call” came out, I was obviously interested to see the original. Then, when I read about the original (which, I remember, my sisters were completely dumbfounded that day), I saw that real money was “Black Christmas”, which obviously surpassed everyone in the “caller in house” strike . So I'm Netflix, and he's on the top of my list for a few months because of his “very long wait.” All this time I want to see it more and more! Then one day, quite unexpectedly, he finally arrived! ... and this is a complete snore. <br /> <br /> Of course, perhaps I had high expectations, but I don’t think it would be more beneficial if I saw it fresh. The fact is that in some Canadian campus Christmas, and this club is having a party. We see some suicidal POV snapshots when he climbs onto this grille and sneaks into the attic. So we KNOW he's in the house. Then we get to know our characters - Olivia Hussey, as thoughtful, whining, with an emphasis on the Canadian language Jess. Margot Kidder as an annoying, obviously aggressive alcoholic Barb. She is so annoying that even her mother does not invite her to the Christmas holidays. There is also this annoying clone of Janice Yen (“Phil”) and this alcoholic mother, Mrs. Mac, who saw her pinching various bottles of booze that she hid throughout the house. We also meet up with the very agitated guy Jess Peter, played by Keir Dullea in 2001, and “Bunny Lake” lost fame, although in the middle of the film I still asked myself: “Who is Keir Dulli?” <br /> <br /> So it seems that obscene phone calls are coming into the house, but that was before they sent the email, so they couldn't ask him to send a photo. Then ?? - well, do you know how they say that these plastic bags for dry cleaning are not a toy? One of the sisters finds out this the hard way. Do not worry if you do not understand the first 14 shots of the face of a corpse in a plastic case while it is in the attic - there will be another 28 intersperses in the film, obviously, you should say: “Oh my God! In the attic there is a corpse! Although after the first hour it changes to: “Why did the stupid police not find a rather noticeable body in a plastic case in the attic?” Moreover, it is quite obvious that this is clearly visible outside the house. Indeed, at any time before CSI went on the air, there was such a golden age of crime; cops are so stupid. Fortunately, some of them look like John Saxon. <br /> <br /> In any case, after a much more boring, boring human drama, the mother is at home afraid that her precious kitten would climb the vertical ladder and open a heavy trap. the door that rests on her (these cunning cats!), because she shoves her head in there and ends up with a hook pulley around her neck for trouble. Now we have two corpses in the attic. Hey, why don't we have another 75 shots trying to reassure us that there are TWO corpses in the attic now? <br /> <br /> Now the police began to take the situation seriously, knock on the telephone of houses and place the policeman outside. They tell Jess and her friend Janice Ian that if the caller calls back, he needs to keep him on the phone. Jessica, who has become even more whiny, painful and annoying, continues to ask the caller: “Who is this? What do you want? Who are you? ”After the first 89 calls, when it becomes clear that he is not going to answer it. Is this not a sign of developmental disability? Inability to learn from unsuccessful attempts at something? And what is he going to do, all of a sudden say, “Oh, yes, hello, is it Bob from the laundry?” Dull Jess. <br /> <br /> Spoilers! Anyway, soon Janice Jan and Lois Lane (Kidder) are put to bed with ketchup on their faces (the film’s idea is blood), and idiot Jess realizes that no door or window in the house is locked. Hello? Are you being pursued or how? Then the police realize that the killer is in the house, and they call Jess and say to her: “Don't ask questions, just do what I say, go to the front door and leave.” So what does moron Jess do? Starts screaming "Phil? Barb? Phil? Barb?" Hey, great idea, sister. Now, why don't you go straight upstairs, where do you know that the psychotic killer is hiding? Of course, she sees it and sees her former friends filled with ketchup, which makes the viewer scream on the screen: “Now there is a hint?!” <br /> <br /> Now it is obvious that you need to understand and I understand that this film was made before the trails of the classic film “Slasher” were firmly fixed, and that he did not move at the same pace we were used to, and saw that the corpse with a plastic coating in the attic about 206 times was probably terrible. times people are not used to being harassed by psychopaths, so they don’t think that shove doors or windows. And they might be tempted to wander the stairs when they were just told that there was a mad killer. You see, people were stupid back in the 70s. We must understand this. One of the big shocks is that we do not even see how our proto-final girl killed a psycho. But believe me, this fact is more interesting to read in this review than to watch a movie. Spoilers are running out! <br /> <br /> ------ Hi, check out Cinema de Merde, my site for bad and crappy movies (with a few good movies). You can find the URL in my email address above.
