Unhinged was part of the censorship film Video Nasty, which the UK created in the 1980s. Keeps bloody things in the hands of children, don't you know? It must have caused many to think about what was being said. By today's standards, “Unhinged” is a little fairy tale. <br /> <br /> 3 girls go to a jazz concert ... and immediately, you know that the number of people will be quite low. They get lost in the forest and end up in a car accident that looks so fake that it’s funny. They were picked up by several neighboring residents who live in a forest in a creepy house. One of the girls is seriously injured and forced to stay at the top. Then there is a conversation. Talk about why girls are here, and how they should have lunch on time, because mom does not like it when someone is late. And more talk. Yakkity yak. Some expectation is created when a crazy guy walks around and torments girls, and someone's eyeballs look through holes in the walls at pretty girls in something similar to Hitchcock's Psycho. I was distracted because in this film there is so much blah blah that you wonder when the killings begin. In fact, one of the girls is so boring out of her head that she walks alone in the forest, looking for a city. Smart move. She probably knew about a lonely virgin walking alone in the forest, but she didn’t care. After this, new conversations continue, while we are waiting, waiting and waiting for the next girl to die, or maybe not. <br /> <br /> And then the twist ends. The “expected” is unexpected for some viewers, for others it is a real trick. Quite possibly, the only reason why someone really wants to watch it. I don't care how awesome it is, nothing in this film makes up for the most boring time I watched. Even with the minor influence of the finale, the director simply did not have what it takes to really create a good story with him. It would be much better to have a 30-minute - 1-hour television episode, say, "Tales from the Dark Side." <br /> <br /> If you really need to get it for any reason, it may be easy to say that you watched every slash movie, do yourself a favor and prepare a fast forward button. Since there are so many unimportant scenes in the film, just flip through them, and instantly you will get to the end of "WOW, like this all the time." Yes, and halfway through the movie there is a scene in the shower where two girls show boo-bees. Hooray for bu-bees. These beautiful buzzing honey bu-bees.
