If someone sits down to watch “Unheded,” it is probably because his ads, video boxes, etc. shout that he has been banned in the UK for more than 20 years (as almost any nasty video does) . This is true; exploitation and taboos excite people and attract them with the promise of contradiction. However, being a fan of exploitation, all this was not new to me. Advertisements that scream that the film was banned in the UK do not necessarily make me want to watch it; in fact, the first thing that usually comes to my mind is how disgusting the paranoid British censors are. The way I came to view this is very simple: it promised blood, and it was only $ 6.99. The price alone warned me not to hope it would be the next Halloween, but cheaply laying your DVD collection never hurts. However, I forced myself to watch it all in one sitting, because I found that the decision to save the rest for another day makes you even less inspired to finish it. Anyway, after 90 minutes of Unhinged, I found that I came across the cheapest of the existing sleeping pills. I think distributors could get rich if they just changed their marketing technique. <br /> <br /> Unhinged mockup is a common feature of the 80s. There are unnecessary scenes of soul and exploitative blood. That's all. In any case, it all starts with the fact that a group of three attractive colleagues crashes their car on the way to the concert. Although two of them (Terry and Nancy) are fine, one (Gloria) is seriously injured and left without a commission until the end of the film. They are saved and take refuge in a mansion (which, of course, does not have a telephone) with rather strange inhabitants: Marion is a middle-aged woman with a mother who hates a man who constantly accuses Marion of sneaking up on a man. sleep with them (echoes Psycho?). She also has a crazy brother Carl, who lives in the woods, because her mother’s hatred of men is so strong that she refuses to let him stay in the house. Having suffered with Marion for a while, Terry (our “hero”) and Nancy decide that they should contact their parents. Despite all the warnings, Nancy bravely goes to a dangerous forest to get to the phone (her fate is not difficult to predict). After this, we again see Gloria, who is immediately hammered with an ax. When Terry discovers that Gloria has disappeared from her room, she decides that there is something wrong with this picture and goes in search of her missing friends. This may be easier said than done, however, with the insane Karl hiding around ?? <br /> <br /> After watching “Unheded,” I read a huge number of reviews that said that “Unhinged” worked perfectly, because it took him a while to create an item that created real tension by the time moment of truth. Usually I do not include the opinions of other people in my reviews (especially when they contradict my views), but in this case I was so perplexed by their reaction that I thought it would be appropriate to mention. This is because the movie is actually crawling. Usually, for the slow build tactic to work, the audience must have a clear idea of ​​the danger to the characters. Oh, of course, we see that two of them are killed, but between this endless scenes of conversation and boredom. We know that there is a murderer at large, but in the film this is only three times; this means that there is no reason to be afraid of the victims. Instead, the events of the film are not explained by the actions of the characters, but are delayed for us by eternal talk. If there is something that I can assure you is that the scenes in which the characters just talk to each other for 75 minutes are very tiring. None of this helps the brutal game. It seems that this was another case where the director needed actors and decided to gather his friends instead of finding someone with experience. <br /> <br /> Of course, I would lie if I said that there was not one part of the film that I liked. Specifically, the finale was one of the best I've ever seen in a slasher film; You just do not expect this to happen. Just knowing that the director had every chance to do something like this is impressive. Ah, I won’t spoil it for you, and I don’t say that the final fully compensates for the rest of the slow movie, but it will definitely catch your attention. In addition, the two other murder scenes bring at least some material at a faster pace, but this does not mean that you could not say for sure who would die in fifteen minutes in the film. However, anyone seeking bloodshed will be disappointed; These are the only scenes of the present Mountain. This and, of course, no scene can save the entire movie. I usually preach the doctrine that, as long as there is action, the worse the film, the better it becomes. Unheded only covers one part of this concept. The whole movie only feels Luke's warmth; The potential was fine, but the director was either not experienced enough to make it work, or simply did not know what the hell he was doing.
