The Invisible Maniac begins with the young Kevin Dornwinkle (Chris Russell) caught by his strict mother (Marilyn Adams), watching the girl (Tracy Walker) undress in his telescope ... "Twenty Years Later" and Kevin Dornwinkle (Noel Peters) ) Now a professor of physics who claims to have discovered a way to make things invisible using “molecular reconstruction” serum. However, during a demonstration in front of his fellow scientists, this is not possible, and they all laugh at him, Dornvinkle goes crazy, kills some of them and is locked up in a psychiatric institute from which he escapes. Leap forward “Two weeks later” and a group of summer college students discuss the tragic death of their physics teacher when school principal Ms. Cello (Stephanie Blake as Stella Blalak) says she hired a replacement, yes, you guessed it, Dornwinkle . The student does not accept him and does not treat him like mud, but Dornwinkl improved his invisible serum and uses it to satisfy his perverse sexual urges and his desire to take revenge ... <br /> <br /> Co-authorship & director Adam Rifkin, Reef Coogan wisely hiding under a pseudonym (I would also not like my name to be associated with this whim of the film) “The Invisible Maniac” is the real bottom of the barrel. The Rifkin script, sorry Coogan and Tony Marx, is terrible. He tries to be a teenage hybrid of sex / comedy / horror that just fails in every department. To begin with, sex is nothing more than a few scenes of a woman’s soul and a few boobs, I'm afraid most of all I’m afraid, and the birds in The Invisible Maniac don’t even look that good. Comedy is lame, and every joke misses the well-known mile, this is the film in which they think that someone fights with an invisible person or with Henry (Jason Logan) a dumb man trying to make a phone call is ridiculous. Invisible maniac makes a series of films of the Police Academy (1984 - 1994) look like the pinnacle of refinement! As for the horror aspect, which is also lame. In addition, he is incredibly slow (it takes more than half an hour before Dornwinks even becomes invisible), boring, predictable, boring, with a very annoying and unpleasant teenage character. <br /> <br /> Directed by Rifkin or Coogan or someone else doesn’t try and make an invisible maniac an enjoyable experience. There is no panic, tension or atmosphere, and in general the film is a real routine that needs to be experienced. He does nothing with the angle of invisibility, just a few doors opening by themselves are as adventurous as possible. There is very little blood or violence, a little splash of blood, a few chokes and the only decent place in the whole film when someone shoots his head with a shotgun, unfortunately, he was invisible at the time, and we can only see the headless torso afterwards. <br /> <br /> The budget must have been low, and I mean very low, because this is one really cheap movie. Dornwinkles laboratory is basically two cans on his nightstand! When he escapes from a psychiatric hospital, he was sent one dog, and in the whole school about a dozen students and two teachers. “The Invisible Maniac” is a poorly filmed movie for 85 minutes, I noticed the boom microphone at least once ... Suppose the acting is low level and leave everything as it is. <br /> <br /> Invisible Maniac is crap, simple and clear. I haven’t found anything useful in it, there are much more of the best films you can watch, so there’s no reason to waste time on this garbage. Definitely to avoid.
