Film critics around the world, I apologize. Your job is to give advice to the public so that they can choose wisely how to spend the money. But I ignored your advice, and it hurt a lot. However, my decision to see "The Cat in the Hat" was not made by chance. You see, three years ago, all of you critics said that we should all avoid the “disaster” known as “How the Grinch Stole Christmas.” Then some of my friends took me to see it, and it turned out to be a colorful, funny and almost hypnotic delicacy of the yuletide. So when the critics provoked rage against Cat in the Hat, another big budget update from Seuss with a big star in the lead role, I thought it should be the same old song. How I was wrong. <br /> <br /> Five minutes later, I thought everything was fine. Initial credits are smart, children are charming, and production values ​​are top notch. Then a cat appeared. From this point on, there are a lot of problems, but the biggest one was Mike Myers' bad mistake. Where the “Grinch” was saved by an inspired cast of Jim Carrey, the “Cat” was destroyed by Myers. He can be very funny when his energies are applied where they are, comic sketches. Every film he made that was really funny was just a comedy sketch, from Wayne's World to Austin Powers. Therefore, he is trying to do the same here, it's just that these comedy sketches are more like what they are holding at the end of SNL, not funny, it just hurts. Not that the authors helped him. After a charming prologue, the film turns into an hour of repulsive jokes of humorous physicality, poorly planned blunders and insultingly stunted attempts at a humorous thigh. This film was the most disappointing cinematic experience I have ever had. Period. So much talent and work went into something so nasty. I know that the adult stars of this film will be relatively unharmed by this mess, I just hope that the wonderful Spencer Breslin and Dakota Fanning will get more chances to show their charm in much better films. If you are a parent, please avoid it like the plague. With movies like Elf and Brotherly Bear, which are currently in theaters, you have a much better choice.
