Hellbourne begins by saying that a young psychiatrist named James Bishop (Matt Stasi) begins his residency at St. Andrews Psychiatric Hospital or “psychiatric institution”, as they like to call him there. With nearly 600 patients, Bishop meets with his boss, Dr. McCourt (Bruce Payne) and gets a job, he gets Section A, which contains some seriously irresponsible and dangerous patients. If this was not bad enough during his first round of visits, Bishop discovered a dead body and received threatening graffiti messages spattered around his room. The bishop begins to hear stories from the patients about the sinister events in the orphanage and soon learns that there are more to these stories than a hint of the truth ... <br /> <br /> Known as a refuge of the damned in the USA, this supernatural horror film was filmed by Philip Jones, and I liked it, but in the end there were too many unsatisfactory elements, so that I could fully enjoy them. Matt McCombs’s scenario is pretty serious, and I really liked the main idea and some of its ideas, but there are a few things that work against it. For a start, the film is too slow, the story is pretty good and it does not show itself too early, but this requires absolute age, and I quickly lost interest by the minute. I also thought that the so-called twist ending was too predictable, and the ending itself was too soft and forgotten. It's a shame, because I liked the story, the character, the setting and some ideas, but it's just too slow and frankly boring to entertain him for 90 minutes. This is one of those films that I would like to recommend, but, frankly, I can not. <br /> <br /> Director Jones does an excellent job with his work, in fact it’s a well-lit and rather atmospheric film. I would not say that there is something terrible here. I'm not sure that Helbourne was shot in this insane asylum, but if not, they did a great job on the set, and the film as a whole looks pretty good. Unfortunately, there is a real lack of blood or action, there are two wounds in the form of a handprint and a severed tongue, and everything, absolutely nothing in terms of blood or blood, which should disappoint. Depending on who you believe and what review you are reading, special effects are either the worst or very good, as well as a dedicated observer for low-budget horror. I was very impressed with the effects, especially the demon, which looks very impressive and is a man in a suit-type effect, not a terrible computer graphics CGI, although this is an impressive suit. I guess it all depends on your expectations. <br /> <br /> Technically, the film is good, it looks quite nice, and the lack of computer effects CGI is welcome. Acting is not very good, but, of course, it could be better. <br /> <br /> “Hellbourne” is a film that disappointed me, there was a lot of good in it, but at the same time terrible, which, unfortunately, outweighs well. I liked it, but on the whole I would not recommend a 90-minute viewing experience to anyone.
