This is the “Exorcism House” page, but most people confuse this film with Mario Bava’s masterpiece Lisa and the Devil, which explains the ridiculously high rating of this “Exorcism House”. When Lisa and the Devil were shown at film festivals in the early 70s, it was a critical success. The audience responded well to this magnificent gothic horror film. Unfortunately, it was a bit ahead of its time, and was considered too unusual and not commercial enough for mass consumption. No distributor will buy it. Therefore, producer Alfredo Leone decided to edit “Lisa”, apparently with the help of a chainsaw, deleting about half of the original film and adding new scenes that he shot two years after the original product! It is important to note that Bava had little in common with these new, disgusting additions, so technically the “House of Exorcism” is not a Bava film. The original product is a slow, dreamy, cool production. After a few minutes of the movie, the viewer escaped from this world of dreams, and suddenly we see Lisa (two years older and with a completely different haircut) begin to writhe on the ground, making guttural sounds and croaking epitaphs, such as "suck my co @ k etc. Thin, eh? And the film continues in this way, jumping back and forth between a beautiful, visual film and the robbery of the "Exorcist" of Z. Leone, trying to turn on these shock scenes, while maintaining some semblance of a story. He failed miserably. When the choice was made to destroy “Lisa and the Devil,” Bava himself refused, saying that his film was too beautiful to be made. He was right, and this artist must have been very sad to see all his works destroyed and flushed down the toilet. Many years passed before the original “Lisa and the Devil” was seen again, reappearing on late-night television. I saw “Lisa” long before I saw this new version, and it was terribly disturbing to watch one of my favorite films “destroyed” in this way. Worth a look just for the sake of curiosity. Otherwise, avoid this insidious catastrophe, like the plague.
