But I doubt that many have fled to see this movie. Or "Some ran out of the cinema." Okay, that's a little rough. <br /> <br /> The film begins inadvertently comical: the boy Frankie returns to his hometown after many years (it already smells cliche), and the whole city is shocked by his arrival: they talk about him, everyone wants to talk to him, and every woman , with whom he meets, flirts with him, as if there is no tomorrow - even his niece hints that she would gladly give up her date to chat with Frankie-boyfriend a little longer! Even his pretty niece wants a piece of it! Sounds like one of those ridiculous episodes of "Mike Hammer" where EVERY single woman wants Stacy Keach. And, like Stacy Keach, Frankie-boy is not a beautiful woman's wet dream at all. In real life, a person like Sinatra (without fame) will not be 100 meters from someone as beautiful as McLain. But in this Hollywood film, the opposite is true: McLain is absolutely obsessed with Frankie-Boy, but he can’t worry! Sinatra too often plays its own “cool” movie in its films, and this rarely inspires confidence. Dean Martin is a kind of mistake. he was not mistaken as a card player, but rather because of an accent that simply does not suit him. McLain is adorable as always, but she plays a caricature - and this dependence on cartoons is one of the main problems of the film. The main characters are some stereotypes of bad or previously shown films and cheap novels; Frankie is a “cool cat” who returns to the city to get all the women, and he doesn’t give a damn about writing it (which, as one would expect, will deserve recognition in the end); Martin is a sloppy but friendly card player; McLain is a stupid but very cute dummy; Frankie's blond love interest is a snotty literary expert; Brother Frankie is a successful guy who married his wife's business and has a lousy marriage; and so on. Cliche. <br /> <br /> In this story there are a couple of coincidences that are too implausible for my taste: Frankie stumbled upon his niece in one country; his niece turns out to be a few meters from her dad when he first kisses his secretary; and then a terrible, stupid ending. <br /> <br /> In it, a drunken guy inclined to kill Frankie the boy somehow finds him at the carnival in all places! The place is very crowded, with typical noise and chaos - plus it happens in the evening - and yet the guy somehow finds Frankie (despite the fact that he is drunk like a doorknob) and shoots him. But guess who he kills? McLain She jumps in front of a bullet to save Frankie: a cliché that comic book authors can shrink. This extremely pretentious, overly dramatic and annoying finale certainly cannot please anyone, even a semi-intellectual viewer. And it happens the same day that MacLaine and Sinatra got married! The author of this nonsense, it seems, all his life has read foolish penny novels - how else can one explain the writing of this film? There is even a card game in which a fight begins for Frankie and Martin, and some of them are caricatures on clichés from the author’s bright ’imagination. (It suddenly became damn western.) Another stupidity is how Sinatra went crazy for a dull, snotty fool and almost ignored McLain. As the movie progresses, we discover that Sinatra thinks McLane is too stupid for him, just like a blonde slut thinks Sinatra is too low for her. There is a certain snobbery and contempt that can be found in the McLain script. McLain is seen by all as worthless, while the blonde slut is considered a princess and an intellectual; the ironic truth is that the character of the latter looks rather silly and not at all intellectual; her behavior, comments and opinions are mostly stupid, stupid, confused, pretentious and primitive. At least MacLane's character KNOWS that she (MacLane) is stupid. There is another irony that I could not help but notice: Sinatra had problems finding the ending for his latest story - very much like the author of this film, and that is why he came up with a banal, crappy ending. <br /> The film is mostly a solid cast and the picture is good, but the script, although sometimes normal, relies heavily on stupid nonsense, not on characters and events based on reality. <br /> <br /> If you are interested in reading my “biographies” of Shirley MacLaine and other Hollywood intellectuals, please contact me by email.
