This completely boring, meaningless, meaningless, soulless and stupid film is not definitive proof that the world can forget about Danny Boyle and his films after “Trainspotting”: “The Beach” has already taken care of this. What makes this low-budget oddity is simply to secure a place among those who started very well, but completely lost in drugs, drinking, ego, self-deception, poor management or something else that led to quick demise. this once-promising director. <br /> <br /> The essence is absurd: two losers (Ecclestone and some kind of prank Jenna J. are probably rappers) are found randomly and spontaneously start singing with a zeal more similar to the inhabitants of an insane asylum than potential victims of the duet which they become. Their friend — an even more illiterate loser — becomes their manager, smashing a shop window and stealing a video camera, with which he shoots them in action, and then shows the tape to some musical people who are really interested in this garbage. Now I know that the UK has released incredible garbage in recent years, but this is ridiculous; The music makes Oasis look like The Beatles. During the studio recordings, the duet - Strumpet - changes the lyrics in each duplicate, and Ecclestone rather arrogantly orders the guys from the music business to take it or leave it, and quite absurdly they accept it. Not only is music complete and utter nonsense, but its "performers" are antisocial; These NEWCOMERS should trigger shots. This is just too stupid. That's just terrible. <br /> <br /> The dialogue is not funny and does not lead to anything, and in this story about dirty bitches there is no sense, and there is no sense. He often feels improvised — under the influence of drugs. Danny Boyle is a complete idiot. This little piece of garbage is so bad that it is embarrassing to look. Ecclestone I.Q. must also be questioned for agreeing to be part of this nonsense. Whoever financed £ 1,000 for this joke, he must leave the movie business before they finish selling their underwear on the streets.
