Vera-Ellen, with a strange name, played in the movies, dancing like Sonya Henie - in the movies on skates: blonde, girl, which is always a pleasure to watch, but not a very good actress, and usually she is full of weak material. When I watch Vera Ellen's sexy Apache dance with Gene Kelly in Words and Music, I can't help but notice that her blouse (yellow with narrow red horizontal stripes) seems to be made from the flag of South Vietnam. For some reason, the very American Vera-Ellen starred in * two * musicals (filmed in a few years) in Edinburgh, a city not known for its tap dancers: "Let's Be Happy" and "Happy Go Lovely." /> <br /> In the latter, Cesar Romero plays an American impresario, which for some reason puts on a musical in Edinburgh. There is a vague attempt to connect this show with the Edinburgh Festival, which is nonsense: The festival is not a showcase for stunning foot shows. We also see several serial shots of the Royal Mile: apart from a few accents in the Highland, this film has absolutely no attempt to convey the Scottish atmosphere. The funniest sight is at the very beginning, when we learn that the name of Romero's show is “Frolics to You”: this is a daring pun, which the British will get, but the Yankees are not. <br /> <br /> Vera- Ellen is, as usual, a sweet, attractive and impressive dancer, but very few musical numbers in this film are boring and bad. The plot - the mistaken identity between tycoon David Niven and reporter Gordon Jackson - is brainless, although nothing more than the plots of several dozen Hollywood musicals. Romero is less annoying than usual here, probably because (this time) he does not have to convince us that he is interested in the bedding of the heroine. <br /> <br /> The biggest insult to this film is Bobby’s abuse. Hows. Sally Ann Howse's father was the main star of West End musicals; his thoughtful rendition of "She's My Lovely" was a big hit in Britain in 1937. Here he appears in several scenes as Romero's doggy body, but never has the opportunity to participate in a music room or even in any real comedy. It’s absolutely criminal that this film with the title “Beautiful” will undoubtedly cause Houz’s greatest hit, play the main British musical star, but will not allow him to do anything! <br /> <br /> The delightful character actress Ambrosina Philpotts (with whom I once worked) shines in the same restaurant sequence, and there is a glimpse of doomed beauty Kay Kendall. As a confidant of Faith-Ellen, someone named Dianne Hart says one of the most annoying voices I've ever heard: it sounds like an attempt to imitate Joan Greenwood and Glynis Jones at the same time, but also not suitable. Val Guest has a merit of history, but this film does not match the quality of his brilliant comedies. Color photography is terrible, although I understand that post-war Britain could not afford the work of Hollywood. “Happy Go Lovely” is a great waste of time at best, and “waster” is a working word. I rate this movie only 4 out of 10.
