You should understand that when Wargames was released in 1983, it spawned a generation of computer hackers. The idea that a teenager can do anything that is far-reaching, not to mention restraining a world war, was new and exciting. Real computers began to appear in people's homes, and for the first time, society became interconnected, which made the premise of the film exciting prophetic. Of course, the talking computer, which balanced the free time between chess and the global thermonuclear war, was a bit far-fetched, but a brilliant comment on the proliferation of nuclear weapons and the Cold War compensated for this. I, probably, even heard about hackers on whom this film is really based. <br /> <br /> Fast forward to 25 years, and we have a terrible mutant, which I hate to call the “continuation” called Wargames: The Dead Code. I'm just digging up. First of all, the plot unfolds on the state gaming site, where people who win in games automatically become suspected of terrorism. You are probably very confused right now. The idea is that the terrorist will eventually hit a subgame on a website called the Dead Code, where he pilots a plane over the city, spraying biological weapons on him. At some point in the game, you must choose between sarin gas and anthrax, and if you choose sarin, you will automatically be recognized as a bioterrorism weapon expert, and your family will be taken into custody and interrogated. In the film, it really happens. However, since payment for the game was made from a bank account that was suspicious, this obviously makes sense. <br /> <br /> Secondly, the avatar AI in this bomb right on the DVD is annoying. flash animation that repeats a pop-up window that says “play with me, baby.” Because, apparently, in the future, advanced AI loses interest in intellectual pursuits, like chess, and gets into porn. <br /> <br /> Thirdly, the motivation for these “hackers” is to make a profit, and women, unlike pure curiosity, as in the original film. For some reason, in recent hacker films there is a need to portray all young people as average surfers, just like everyone else. This may work for your regular comedy series, but guys, you won’t learn how to capture government computers, make haircuts, play sports and shop at the mall. One new thing I noticed was that at some point in the dialogue there is a link to the film by Matt Damon, and then there is the phrase “Good Hunt, Will.” I swear, they called the main character Will precisely for this phrase, so that they could send the five to Mr. Damon. This Will is not bad, but he definitely wasn’t like any possessed hacker I’ve ever met. I cannot fully say how annoyed I am that this film has the same name as the original, because it has absolutely nothing to do with it, except ?? Professor Falken and Joshua (WOPR) reappear in this film in the form of a limp old man, who is obviously dying of boredom, and a decrepit old tic-tac-toe with a higher voice. After some pushing, Joshua (AI) has what seems to be sex with a new AI with a porno voice, a lot of board games to flash on large screens, and the whole “The only way to win, not play” revelation should be the crown. Except that those of us who saw the original, you know, those who would like to see it in the first place, were already there and did it. The end of a film made from last month's compost, in a processed form. <br /> <br /> The director of the new film is the guy who shot the 90210 and was written by the guys who make V. films. The original was shot by the guy who was involved in “Heroes”, so you see the difference in quality. There was talk of a real remake, but I hope that they will not destroy this classic again and again. I swear, if I have to, I will visit every gaming website until I find one that is run by a psychotic government computer. The blessing of salvation lies in the fact that I was able to broadcast it on Netflix, so at least the only energy I spent watching this catastrophe was breathing, clicks and indigestion.
