Someone should ever study the architecture of horror films; of all these studies, strangely equipped mansions, searching for secret passages and crypts, tracking monsters through ducts, and so on. I can only recall a few films in which the main role was played by architecture - “The Seed of the Demon”, “The Cube”, a remake of “Thirteen Ghosts” - but the basis of every story about a creepy house or church or crypt; It's all about the nature and influence of spaces, passages and walls. So I was looking forward to this thriller, where he promised to be central. The idea is this: the architect built - in fact, rebuilt - for himself a huge and chaotic house; his wife had just left him, mainly because of his own egocentricity, but also because of this, because she could not get used to the place, since he had redid it. Living in an unusual solitude (real this time, not virtual), he begins to suspect that someone else - a stranger, who once went to the door asking to use the phone, and then suddenly disappeared - lives in a house with him; only the place is big enough so that he never saw it. <br /> <br /> This is a good start for a melodrama, the development of which could be expected by completing several of these lines: several times unsuccessfully, the architect resorts to his drawings in order to conduct more systematic searches, trying to surprise, intercept or arrange ambush an attacker, possibly with the help of some special functions that he built into the structure Meanwhile, the attacker found shelters and return paths between places that the architect did not foresee or remember. The film will turn into a game of cat and mouse, hunting, battle; and, finally, trying to catch the attacker, the architect himself will be trapped in his own creation, something he did not expect. Then he would be forced to think about it himself - and, perhaps, at the same time from his own voluntary isolation - and in the last turn the nail, and, perhaps, even the murder, *****. br /> <br /> Nothing like this happens in this film; a house is just a house, an architect is just a guy, and his sworn enemy has an unknown character, if he exists at all. That's what happens in the film: as soon as the attacker is installed in the house - if he - the architect starts to hear noises, but when he goes to investigate, he finds nothing. He calls the police, they think he's a little crazy; he persuades his remaining wife to spend the night, she thinks he is more nutty. Finally, more or less by chance, he encounters an intruder (does not look good, but the numbers, who else can it be?) Is not a difficult question in history, at that time less than three main characters, after which he locks the doors lowers the bars on the windows, throws out the key (I don’t know why he considered it necessary) and leaves his victim hungry. I missed why it was given: the doors and walls are made of steel? In any case, the architect goes to sleep in his car. And since the idea of ​​the film languished underdeveloped and now can not develop further, you need to come up with something else to take its place. And here it is: architect - are you ready? - moves to the house of a person who (allegedly) has moved to him, and lives there in the same way. How is this possible? This is not the case, but the film uses this path to try to make it look like this: the architect painted a picture of a man who came to his door; and when he leaves the house, he takes pictures of him; and, sitting in his car, he throws the picture on the street; and two children raised him and realized that he looked like Martin, their neighbor; after which the architect asks where his house is, and the children point the way. <br /> <br /> If this sequence seems to border on the implausible, then the moment comes at once. The architect settles with his wife, Martin, in a wheelchair without her knowledge; so secretive in his actions and so cunning in his reading of his mistress that he can always leave the room as soon as she enters, or hide from sight as soon as she turns around. In this section, the film is smart on the one hand, emphasizing (or leaving the viewer the opportunity to conclude) that his life is with this stranger who does not know that he is there, essentially the same life that he lived with his wife as virtual hermit with her as a convenient buffer. But at the same time, his inability to live in the world makes his transformation into a Raffles robber completely incredible. Not going into a series of turns at the end — including another murder committed by sealing someone behind another invincible door — is before boarding, so fragile that it falls under the weight of a wheelchair; two good people who take the kill on the run; and (before the story began) the imperceptible construction of a tunnel under several houses ... To the last, long-awaited turn of the film, one more is added to make it even more offensive, and then ... ends. /> <br /> Here is a story that depends on the development of two things - the ideas of a stranger in a house and the character of a person whose house is - and fumbles in both. The first ball makes it boring; the second angered me as she pushed her main character more and more along an increasingly zigzag path and never offered any explanation to the character who most needed him: Martin, the tunnel builder and the secretive tenant. The story has to be redone by someone, someday.
