“Absolute Beginners” was a film for the younger generation, a multiple film that discussed the problems adolescents face in Britain, and how these concerned, constantly falling into each note, teenager problems can relate to the youth of tomorrow. He could have been called the Moulin Rouge of the 80s, but he disappeared. He left his shallow mark on the world, sneaked under the radar, and now you can find him gathering dust either in the music section, in the comedy section, or in the politically obscure section of this seedy video store, which does not need a lot of money to survive. Alas, it was not where I found it ?? but I found it, watched it, tried my hardest to sing with him, looked into Bowie’s eyes, but by the end I found that I was gone. Did this not stand the test of time? Is the London of the 1950s too far from our present society? Bowie too creepy? I think that “Absolute Novices” fall somewhere in each of these issues, as a perfect example of a movie that starts with a bang, but by the end only shine fades. <br /> <br /> “Absolute Beginners” begins with a huge number of people who walk us through the unshaven streets of London, which include thefts at night, prostitutes at every corner, dancing everywhere, getting drunk, like rivers, and the most chic ties almost every person. Looks like a place we all don't want to be ?? right? Directed by Julien Temple keeps the mood light and bright for most of the songs, while we are trying to learn something about the set of our main characters. Most of all, we follow Colin, who is played by Eddie O'Connell, who dreams of becoming a photographer by shooting his beloved girlfriend Suzette (played by Patsy Kensit). These two have chemistry, and although Suzette looks like a lohan before rehab, they worked for me. There was a huge spark between them, the chemistry was like lava, and I believed that these two could lead me away along a road that I had never followed. I was ready ?? but then something happened. Temple takes us out of nightlife, takes us out of the city where we grew up in the beginning, and completely changes roles without any loyalty to the first. Suzette runs away, Colin becomes a pervert, and Bowie? Well ?? I'm not quite sure what his role is, but he sings surprisingly well, climbing the mountain ?? I can tell you a lot. The temple gives us this luxurious city, the opportunity to see those who inhabit it, but leaves us hanging high and dry when it comes time to pull the trigger. We mainly learn about Colin, but no one else. I could probably watch this film again and still be confused about who is angry with whom and how important fashion has been for that era. Also, were they really teenagers? it seemed to all of them that they were pushing their last 20s, but maybe this was my TV. <br /> <br /> Character development thrown right out the door, Temple tries to compensate by giving us bigger, more generous songs using even more characters. about which we know nothing. One of my favorite songs in the film uses this idea as a prime example. Temple uses a shared house to show us the lives of Colin's parents (of which I did not know that they were until the end of the film) and a song that screams apathy. Great song, too many characters, not enough time, suddenly dragged into another scene with no consistency, and it just falls apart in your hands. Then, if this was not enough, we shake our heads to the beat of some wonderful songs, rubbing our legs, trying to figure out where our characters are or are going, and Temple throws hatred, anger and politics into the final. Act. Although I was hoping that this film would be devoted to a separate topic, I did not think that racism would be at the top of the bill. Suddenly, friends are gone, people are angry, and some random guy runs, fighting with Colin, because he lives in poverty and he has a friend of another race? Someone help me here. It seemed completely hurried and overwhelming ?? almost to the point of wanting to turn off the movie. For me, the final of the Absolute Novices was far from being delighted with the start number. This first part set the pace, and Temple could not resist. <br /> <br /> In general, I have to say that Temple can shoot a music video, but I do not think that he was sufficiently prepared for a feature film. I do not think that this film will ever turn into a full "cult" status, and will probably remain immemorial or in a dollar basket for many years. At first it is a funny movie, but when we come to this final part, it just explodes from the inside. I wanted some kind of advanced work, but instead I found a strange Bowie in combination with characters I didn't care about. I could see how this film can relate to the youth of the 80s, but in the end he just felt compelled. I think that everyone in this production should have given a moment to listen to the “Motivation” of the eternally strange Bowie in this film, this could help consolidate this feature in the best religious status. I am glad that I once watched this film, but that’s all my little brain can take. I liked the way the Temple caught me from the very beginning, but he could not control his characters (too much), and the songs did not seem to correspond to the last moments of the movie. It appeared out of nowhere and was undesirable. If it was a racism film, it should have been from the beginning. “Absolute Beginners” was a long-awaited adventure, but I don’t think I’d be cleaning out this film in the future. <br /> <br /> Rating: ** of *****
