This film ends with a speech in which the narrator tells us about the fate of the two main characters and that the names of people and places were changed ... before telling us that the attitude towards real people and events is purely coincidental. This final line actually summarizes everything that came before it; because Rino Di Silvestro's dirty film lacks vision at all, and is there any point in the plot; this was not done on purpose. A werewolf woman is often seen as a guilty pleasure or a film “so bad that good,” but I completely disagree. I usually like these movies; but the Werewolf Woman is a really bad movie, and despite all the sex and wildness shown; it doesn't even make fun hours, and it is really unforgivable. The film doesn’t really have much of a plot, but the thin strip we are given includes a young woman who also dreams of being a werewolf. She wants to go out and find men, have sex with them and eventually kill them. Returning to the real world, she falls in love, but her lover is killed, and she goes to revenge ... <br /> <br /> The film consists of scenes of sex and blood, which are complemented by extremely boring conversational episodes in which various characters reflect on recent events. These scenes are probably intended to advance the plot and build characters; but they don’t actually do it and succeed only in turning what could be a tolerable exploitation into an extremely overwhelming film. It would seem that the director was more interested in style and atmosphere than the plot, and this is evident from the fact that the film looks and sounds beautiful. Sex scenes are often too long and not very erotic, but the blood works well. The premise is ripe to give way to very sexual exploitation, since there are many naked women here, and the fact that the central character comes from a werewolf means that there can be a lot of eroticism; but it is not capitalized, and although I can survive huge doses of bad games and poorly made plot lines, I really can't watch movies and get bored. In general, I would not even recommend this film to big fans of exploitation. There are many better things than this, and although the title may seem intriguing - the film is wrong.
