"La Lupa Mannara" aka. The "Werewolf Woman" of 1976 is a film with a very promising title, but unfortunately the film itself is quite far from being obligatory for my colleagues of Italian horror lovers. You will not hear me say that the movie Rino Di Silvestri is completely bad - it has its own stylish moments, and in the first half it’s really fun to watch (although the fun is unintentional). The film also makes a profit from an exceptionally exhibitionistic lead actress Annik Borel. However, a film in which there is no real plot (at least a linear one) often doesn’t make any sense at all, and it stretches incredibly for most of the superfluous second half. <br /> <br /> Daniella (Annick Borel) has a strange dream of dancing around naked at night before turning into a werewolf woman. Since she was raped as a girl, Daniella is afraid of men. Then, when her sister (the cult siren Dagmar Lassander) comes to visit her husband, Daniella suddenly feels attracted to her husband and subsequently turns into a werewolf woman ... or something like that. The storyline does not really have the slightest sense, which makes the film very interesting to watch during the first half. The main character, Daniella, is some kind of schizophrenic blend of cold hysterics and a lascivious nymphomaniac who sometimes turns into a werewolf woman. Directed by De Silvestri decided to catch up in the plot with a lot of female nudes, which is perfect for me. There are also some pretty well-made bloody moments. The film is never even a bit tense or creepy, but in the beginning it is very interesting. In addition, there are no attempts to hide that this is a piece of meanness, the camera often makes close-ups on Miss Borel’s personal parts for a simple damn. I'm not complaining. Then, for some reason, Dee Silvestri decided to make the film longer, completely changing the direction of his movement. While Danielle, at first, a typical werewolf, who cannot but follow the call of her curse, this suddenly changes when she meets a guy (Howard Ross, who was in Il Boss 1973). Suddenly, she comes back to normal, and the next part of the film does not go hand in hand with the first half. After a while, it gets damn boring; Considering all the circumstances, it would probably be better if this 99-minute film lasted only 70 minutes. In the end, they even want to make us believe that the absurd story (if you can call it that) is based on real events. The “Werewolf Woman” has some redemptive qualities; my friends of italo-horror fans can try. However, if you want to watch an Italian horror / exploitation movie from the 70s, there are hundreds of movies that you should see before you can watch this one.
