I assume that the authors never read any book, let alone Dickens' novel, and certainly not David Copperfield, and that they based their script on another poorly written script, perhaps Copperfield’s adaptation, although, most likely, in another case, they randomly drop about a third of the pages, and then shuffle the rest, as well as some random pages from a script that someone's nephew in eighth grade wrote for the English class, and for which he received an unsatisfactory rating. <br /> <br /> If the casting was a bad joke - for example, Richards played Mikober in the role of Kramer - that was the direction, and the actions were poorly set blow lines. Going beyond Kramer in the role of Mikober, if possible, Ham was so utterly huge, hunchbacked and all that, at some point I half expected him to be followed by an angry fork and torch with a crowd of villagers. Uriah was almost the same clown figure as Micawber. Mr. Merdstone caused as much horror as this Muppet vampire from Sesame Street. I think the actor playing older David was actually a woman. In any case, always looking as if he would like to find a mirror to see how cute he was, and imagining that he really looked quite pretty, he could hardly convince us of what he wrote with his pen. And while we are on this subject, in one of the many gross inaccuracies made by the stupid producers of this embarrassment, in the unnecessary footage of David writing his story, he seems to be somewhere between 18 and 21 years old when he should be in his forties. Perhaps the greatest crime, although difficult to choose, was the invented scramble between David and Merdstone when he courted his third wife in Switzerland, which, of course, was preceded by the invented death of Merdstone's second wife. While they were at it, surprisingly, they did not send Heep to the guillotine, and forced him to convey the famous last words of Sydney Carton. This could not make things much worse. It could have been much better. <br /> <br /> Throughout this throwing out of art, literally thousands of little and big sins against literature, and anyone who oversees it, are at risk of receiving serious and permanent damage to all aspects of their sensitivity.
