This film offers absolutely no imagination, either in its premise or in its performance, but these are just two things that come to mind after watching this so-called comedy, which is powerless to talk about. The story of a picky analytic insurance risk manager Ruben Feffer (Ben Stiller), who discovered that his new wife Lisa (Debra Messing) is cheating on him with his scuba instructor (Hank Azaria) after just one day of their honeymoon. Upon returning home, Reuben and his best friend Sandy (Philip Seymour Hoffman) go to a party and face Polly Prince (Jennifer Aniston), with whom they went to school years earlier. <br /> <br /> ***** SPOILER ALERT ***** Polly is forgetful and careless and lives carefree, which is the opposite of who Reuben is as a person, but they begin to meet, and Reuben begins to change as a person, as he begins to try new things, such as salsa dancing and eating spicy food. But one day Lisa returns and wants to stay married to Reuben, but he really does not want to, but Polly decides to leave because she does not believe in marriage from the very beginning. <br /> <br /> This film is the second directorial effort of John Hamburg, who wrote two usually unfunny screenplays in the films “Zoolander” and “Meeting with Parents”, but these two films seem classic compared to this stale piece . It’s very easy to say something not funny, but I think with this movie it’s even easier to understand why. This film is completely and completely predictable from start to finish, and each scene looks as if it is only due to the ridiculousness of the script. Hamburg, who also wrote the script, seems to have written it without any thought of trying something else, and sometimes he seems to be trying to generate the same energy as “Something in Mary”, but instead events seem incredibly forced. Has anyone really thought that a blind ferret is funny? If you do, it's easy! Several times during the film, for inexplicable reasons, the characters uttered these emotional speeches, which should summarize everything, but all they achieve is exaggeration of the obvious. Stiller works a lot, but perhaps he should work less and just wait for the best scenarios to appear, because this film does not work like a comedy or romance.
