"London Dreams" directed by Vipul Shah is a disappointingly stupid film about stupid people. This is the film whose central conflict could be immediately resolved if the respective characters just sat down and chatted. Ajay Devgan plays Arjuna, a novice pop artist who is obsessed with performing in front of a jubilant crowd at London's Wembley Stadium. He begins to be jealous of his faithful best friend and group mate Manu, played by Salman Khan, who is obviously more talented than he, but far from being so focused or ambitious. Arjun decides to sabotage Manu when the latter’s popularity threatens to overshadow his own. Now here, where from heart to heart may have helped. If Arjun explained that this Wembley fixation meant to him, Manu would kindly back down and let Arjun fulfill his childhood dream, and we would be spared the agony of seeing the rest of this boring fuss. But director Vipul Shah and his writers are not in the mood to provide us any service. London Dreams is filled with unintentionally cheerful pearls, similar to that background, in which grandfather Arjun participated, who committed suicide out of shame that he scared on stage at a crowded Wembley concert. Or a ridiculous incident on the show, where Manu must take on vocal duties after the explosion of confetti, which actually silences Arjuna. However, the idiocy does not end there. In his attempts to publicly disgrace Manu, Arjun uses his connections to hook Manu with drugs. A big-booed fan calls on Manu to drink a couple of shots of tequila with her, but replaces his salt with cocaine. Before you know it, Manu gained an appetite for the addictive white powder, practically crushing him like lunch. If this is not stupid enough, a rough scene later appears in which Manu chases this girl to find out from whom she receives orders. The chase ends in a dark London lane, where the girl kneels, pretending to do something inconspicuous to mislead her friend Mana, who secretly followed them. Wait, that's not all! Expect a hysterical cry when Arjun removes his belt and ruthlessly beats himself to expel all thoughts of romance or lust for the lead dancer of the group Prie (played by Asin), because nothing and no one should distract him from his musical goals. Too generously inspired by Amadeus Milos Forman to deserve any comparison with last year's Rock On !, the latest release of Vipul Shah is a clumsy melodrama that is just as poorly directed as the script. The film goes to a wide humor, excessive emotions, and basically chooses the volume, not subtlety. This works for the character Manu, with Salman Khan playing all courage and attraction in him, but in the case of Arjun, Ajay Devgan looks too passive with the game, which is mostly internalized. However, when Arjun reaches the boiling point, this leads to an awkward scene before the climax, in which he gives a lecture in a packed concert hall and for obvious reasons, is thrown into plastic bottles as a punishment. From the rest of the composition I cannot say a single kind word about Asin, who practically illuminated Gadzhini with her stormy charm, but disappoints here with unnecessary excessive actions in an ungrateful role. Ranvijay Singh and Aditya Roy Kapur, reducible to the group as simple assistants, appear at regular intervals, usually in order to have some meaningless dialogue, such as: “We will rock it, man!” London Dreams - in the final the result is a tiring clock. If necessary, watch Salman Khan, who turned the buffoonery into a conscientious acting style. This is the only thing that will make you smile in this sad, sad film.
