When this film was first shown on television, I had high hopes that we would finally have a decent film about the First World War, which American soldiers would see. Unfortunately, this is not the case. <br /> <br /> This was supposed to be a good film about the First World War. Despite the fact that this was done for television, it is obvious that real efforts were made to use the appropriate equipment and props. But writing and directing is extremely lacking, although the creators of this film clearly borrowed from quite a few well-made military films. Military film clichés are plentiful, such as an arrogant general who obviously does not care about the lives of his people. When Hollywood realizes that, even though there were many bad generals, most of the generals of combat units saw many battles themselves and are not naive about what they experience on average? The first part of this film turned out to be “Ways of Fame” with an American uniform. Except that the Path of Fame was emotionally exciting. Later there was Chamberlain’s attack (except uphill) from the Gettysburg and even the capture of an American soldier by a ring of enemy soldiers from the Thin Red Line. But in the “Thin Red Line” the soldier was alone in captivity. In this film, a ring is formed around a new prisoner in the middle of a battle. <br /> <br /> If a military adviser was used in this film, it was ignored. Despite the fact that the actors (and I could never forget that they were actors while watching) pronounced military tactics, I saw almost nothing. American soldiers would stand up to be shot while the Germans attacked. And the notorious assault troops, which apparently were blind, did not seem to use any tactics in their attack. In a real war, tactics made the attack aircraft so effective. But the stupidest scene was the attack of German flame throwers. In this scene, the German flamethrower operators walked in a broad line towards the defending Americans. If it were real, they would never have gotten close enough to use their flamethrowers before the defender’s bullets dropped them all. <br /> <br /> Okay, so most war movies are unreal when it comes to the tactics shown, but this is still disappointing. But what really distracted me from this film was the typical anti-war anti-war view, which seems to be considered important by the filmmakers. True, war is hell. But most American soldiers, even if they grumble and grumble, tend to believe in what they are doing, and can be quite fanatical about this. My grandfather served in the First World War. And although he died four years before my birth, they told me how proud he was of his service.
