Films with the participation of children's actors from the very beginning put themselves into the background. Although there are some exceptions, most children simply cannot act, and even those that can usually annoy after a few minutes. The children of Paperhouse managed to capture the worst in both worlds, as they both are very annoying and they have no acting abilities between them. In short; They are rubbish. This is not good, considering that they are leaders, and especially not good, given the fact that it is almost impossible to take this film seriously because of garbage actors. It's a shame that this film is such a dead loss, because the plot is not (not completely). This follows a young girl who, drawing in her notebook an image of a house, wakes up in the fantasy world she created. It soon becomes apparent to her that she can manipulate this world with her drawings, and therefore begins to make various changes until her dream ultimately turns into a nightmare. Oh dear. <br /> <br /> As you can see, this storyline provides a good basis for a good fantasy horror movie. However, it is lost due to a series of fatal errors. First of all, despite the fact that the premise is an excellent prerequisite for a large amount of ingenuity; the film is very stale. With the central plot you can hardly play at all, and the result is a completely boring experience. The lack of tension is another huge flaw in the film, as it considers it appropriate to drag each sequence to such an extent that you don’t care (due to the lack of ideas). Thanks in part to the lead characters, the film looks like a children's film. This was to be expected, since children were shot in it, but Bernard Rose had to decide the bias that he wanted to make in history; like horror in a movie is ridiculous at best. The film is also very trashy, and the “romance” between the two passages is extremely appealing and makes watching very painful. In fact, if I had to sum up this parody in one word, I would choose “painful”. The papal house acted poorly, ridiculously prepared, very trite and boring as a whole. Spare yourself from the pain, look at something else.
