The Eternal Jew (Der Ewige Jude) does not have what we would call today a marking of a scientific document: instead of calling experts or sources in support of what he says, he simply says, without opposition, what he wants us to do. believed (one recognize that the American newsreels of that period were much less regulated than it would seem ethical for the modern audience, often inserting theatrical scenes and passing them off as a real news feed). Add to this directional propaganda the fact that film director Hippler "preached to the converted", not so much asking Europeans who are pagans to hate the Jews, but rather to confirm feelings that many of them must have already experienced in order to prevent the Holocaust that followed. in the logic of the film is manifested in his "rat" analogy, in which he continues to explain the behavior of rats, and then adds something to the effect of "Well, the Jews are also like that." In the same way, he characterizes the Jewish people as ugly, showing ugly Jewish people in comparison with attractive pagans; the accompanying leap of faith that the ugly is bad. The film seems to contradict itself several times, for example, by attacking Western artists who portrayed the characters of the Old Testament as fair-skinned Europeans; thus, the text acknowledges that the so-called "Jewish" ethnicity is in fact an ingrained aspect of Christian culture. It also shows that the ghetto Jews live willingly in the mud covered with flesh, despite the supposed treasure they have accumulated, and then slapping, saying that the same undesirable people live in wealth and luxury as soon as they leave the ghetto. By the way, who wouldn't? The use of scenes from the famous American film “The Rothschild House” demonstrates equally blurred deployment of logic. At first the film is condemned as made by the Jews; then it seems to be used by Hippler to test the deception of the Jews (the above-mentioned Jews ghetto’s pretense of poverty, shown as a means of avoiding taxation, although the “rotation” of the Rothschild character is that the Jews are excessively taxed); Finally, the Rothschild film is shown again to show that the famous banking family invented the current account. This seeming indecision in whether American shots are shown positively or negatively may become clearer with repeated screenings, but at first glance it makes some kind of muddy film. Because of all the shortcomings of the Eternal Jew, I was at first surprised that the IMDb viewer rating for this film is as high as it is, just shy of "5" today. I would say that the reason is that the EJ documentary value exceeded its original purpose, offering us, unintentionally, to look at the life of European Jews, because they will not be seen in a few years. It goes without saying that the very bad side of the film also gives a historical understanding of bad or just evil filmmaking as a propaganda tool. Around this time, I should expect the director Hippler to roll over again, jumping forward to say: “This is what I wanted to do all this time!” Scenes depicting the killing of animals are particularly horrible and show the same thing as clearly inhuman, contrary to the intention of the kosher law to prevent the suffering of animals. I would like someone who saw the film and had some knowledge of these procedures, commented on whether the image is accurate.
