La Chute de la Maison Usher, or The Fall of the House of Usher, as English viewers know, begins with Allan (Charles Lami) heading to the castle of his good friend Sir Roderick Asher (Jean Debocort), who sent him a letter with the words: that his wife, Madeleine, is ill. Once there, Allan finds Madeleine very sick, and her husband Roderick decided, and almost obsessed with the idea of ​​painting his portrait. When Roderick writes Madeleine, she becomes weaker and weaker, as if the picture drains her life, Allan tries to help her friend, but tragedy soon happens ... <br /> <br /> This French production was co-authored by the director and director Jean Epstein was the second of two screenings of “The Fall of the House of Usher” in 1928, to be honest, I don’t know if the original of the novel was published in 1839, I mean, what are you waiting for 89 years of film adaptation & two come along ! In any case, I feel that I have a small problem here, because I read a lot of positive reviews about La Chute de la Maison Usher and maybe I’m not the right person to write comments, but I have to say that it’s just did nothing for me. I didn’t like it, obviously, the first thing to say is that this is a silent film and therefore it relies on images, but even so I thought the story was weak, I thought that the whole film was boring and boring, although it only lasts about an hour, and it really did nothing for me. “La Chute de la Maison Usher” was made almost 80 years ago, and this is literally the whole life, the world, the cinema and the tastes since then have changed a lot, and I haven’t found any pleasure in this film. I feel that this film is very outdated and perhaps in any case it was not very good to start. I never felt to any of the characters, I never cared about what was going on, and I found it all quite tedious to survive, sorry if I offended any dumb film fan out there, but I felt that way. <br /> <br /> Director Epstein does an excellent job with his work, many people discuss the images in “La Chute de la Maison Usher”, and I can freely admit that he certainly has moments, but I thought that there were not many of them, and in between, it seemed to me strange that pictures of the mouths of people who did not hear what they were saying seemed strange to me, I didn’t like the music, and the version I saw kept the original inserted cards in French that I told the guy with the most terrible sounding thick french accent. which was also from the surrender. Based on the story of Edgar Allen Poe, I doubt that it bears much resemblance to him, except for one or two basic elements, staying with the fantastic House of Asher Roger Corman in the lead role with Vincent Price. <br /> <br /> Technically the film was fine considering when it was done. You just can't talk about acting, because no one ever talks, although the film is full of unnatural exaggerated movements to try to express emotions or reflect what is happening, which works to some extent, but after a while it looks a little silly. <br /> La Chute de la Maison Usher will appeal to those who yearn for a bygone era, who live in caves or are stuck in the past, for me I like that there is a story in my films, not fatigue and sound AND I'm sorry if this last statement makes me sound like an uneducated idiot, but I feel that way. The world has been moving since 1928 for the better.
