Obviously, people who have filmed Dead At The Box Office love horror movies. Open links to this genre are permeated everywhere: from ordinary characters (an authoritative figure who does not believe that a monstrous invasion does occur) to Kevin Smith-style discussions, not just to reproduce the last moments of Dwayne Jones from The Night of the Living Dead, but twice. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, making a good movie takes more than love. <br /> <br /> The choice of production and filming is inconclusive and inconceivable. While in the film school it is customary to avoid the “Master Theater” telling the whole story in a wide master frame, here we see the obverse, because in several episodes it is difficult to determine the spatial relationships between the characters told in the story. a series of medium shots without an adjustment shot to tie it together. Editing is boring and basic, and sometimes there are unmotivated shortcuts. The lighting is even and sometimes dirty, which makes it difficult for the scenes in the darkened theater to be intelligible (was there lighting, or was this shot only with available light?). Some frames are out of focus. The dialogue is banal, and the performances are mostly in one note (Isaiah Robinson demonstrates some energy and on-screen presence in the role of Curtis, and the guy playing the projectionist has some pleasant idiotic row readings; Michael Allen Williams as the head of the Casey Theater Kirkpatrick, as an enthusiastic film fan Eric, has a few pleasant moments). The premise is stupid, even for a horror movie B (Besides, it’s too bad that Dr. Eisner didn’t know about Project Paperclip - he could have saved himself from many troubles!). “Zombies” are not threatened, and their make-up is unconvincing (although a stocky zombie, trying to pull the gumball out of the car, raised a smile). In a zombie film, there is very little blood or violence, although what is there is treated quite well. Random music, although stylistically uneven, is sometimes enjoyable, and there are some good foley effects. The parody of Time Warp looked funny, although the images along with it were less interesting to watch. Unfortunately, the looped dialogue sounds flat. Was this picture unsynchronized (doubtfully, it looks like the video to the end)? I watched Lloyd Kaufman’s special entry from Troma Films before the main function — although it mostly consisted of Kaufman connecting his own things and admitting that he hadn’t seen the movie until someone had robbed Toxie’s mask, his production and entertainment values ​​were above the “Dead ...” (except for the one who collected the DVD - the countdown for the film’s leader sounds only on a flash frame 2, not on each number plus one more after). However, viewers of a cinema with vampires watch at the beginning of "The Dead ...", which look much more interesting than this. Recommendations to be avoided if you do not know someone who participated in the production, or you are an ardent lloyd Kaufman (he plays "Kaufman Minion" in the movie "in the film"). <br /> <br /> (Full disclosure: my girlfriend in this film is extra. I swear it didn’t color my review.)
