The answer to the previous comments of the inhabitants of the region, where they filmed this motion picture: one person suggested that the closure and destruction of the ocean-view amusement park led to a decline in the vicinity. This is simply not true. Prior to construction of Interstate 64, which bypasses the Ocean View, the main route passed through the center of Ocean View. After the interstate facility was completed, Ocean View quickly turned into a ghost town with the closure of enterprises and rising crime. This led to a huge reduction in park revenues, which also faced new competition from the nearby Bush Gardens in Williamsburg. Meanwhile, in the past few years, the city of Norfolk has done a wonderful job of promoting redevelopment, so that the area has become a popular place for the construction of luxury housing. <br /> <br /> It is said that footage of the destruction of the roller coaster was used in the movie “Roller coaster”. This is also not true. The shots of two coastal cars that were being prepared for the shooting for this film were shot, but the actual explosions and collapses are exceptional for Death by the Ocean Park. <br /> <br /> As for the film itself, the storyline “Supernatural” power in the water adjacent to the park was, of course, stupid, but somewhat typical for films of that time. With the actor involved, it should not be surprising that the scenery was gnawed at almost every scene by primary actors. I do not believe that this film was supposed to be another “Citizen Kane”; I believe that Playboy experimented with a new non-nude format to determine if this is an area for company expansion (obviously not!). The strange power in the water, causing strange events in the old amusement park, probably sounded good at the negotiating table, but turned out to be unmanageable. The roller coaster and the rest of the park were intended for a destructive ball; "Let's think of a strange way to justify an explosive demise!" <br /> <br /> For the ordinary viewer of the film, this will be the film “Once and Forget About It” (except for fans of Diana Canova); but for thousands of people who live in the region and have fond memories of the park, this film is like a walk through a memory lane for filming the park, as well as the old filming of the center of Norfolk, the first Harborfest, and the Old Dominion University. Even a limited release of this movie on DVD will be welcome.
