It is often said that Tobe Hooper was just lucky with his horrible 1974 horror film, The Texas Chainsaw Massacre, and every time I see Hooper's other film, this look only gets stronger. It would seem that Hooper wanted to make his own version of films, such as Scanners and Firestarter in 1990, and as a result we got Spontaneous Burning; a movie with a couple of good ideas and a whole bunch of things that are borrowed from other movies. Put it all together and you’ll get a dirty, boring movie that most people will miss well! The film makes the audience believe that it can be half decent with an intriguing story that focuses on some experiments conducted on two young people in the fifties. The couple has a child, and soon after this, burns die as a result of experiments conducted on them. Fast forward a few years, and the child is now an adult named Sam; but naturally he is not a normal person, and soon discovers that he has the ability to set things on fire at will. <br /> <br /> The film starred Brad Dourif, who seemed to make a good choice. his success with the Children's Game two years earlier; but in reality it was not an inspiring decision, since the central performance is really terrible; and terrible auxiliary performances did not help Transparent direction and boring screenplay also do not give the film much benefit, and the lack of favor tendency is supported by special effects that are very unrealistic and have nothing in the films that this breaks down; all of which were made several years earlier. The plot is very slow, and it takes almost an hour before anything noticeable happens, and I didn’t care about it even then. It soon becomes apparent in which direction the film will go, and it all comes down to the boring finale you expect. The final confrontation is a big disappointment, and nothing is explained in the film. Not that any revelation would be interesting anyway. In general, this is a trash film and another reason why Tobe Hooper is far from being a great horror director. Instead, look at the Firestarter again.
