Tobe Hooper's bizarre exercise concerning the unfortunate young man (Brad Duriff) with the ability to set people on fire. This ability stems from parents who participated in atomic experiments in the 50s. They die from the spontaneous inflammation of a person, and it seems that Sam is starting to suffer from these pills, which his girlfriend Lisa (Cynthia Bane) gives him to take from severe migraines. In fact, Lisa Orlander (William Prince), Lisa Orlandder (William Prince), largely the father of a young man who raised him in a child, ordered Sam to take pills. Lew has plans of goodwill ... he sees Sam as the first Atomic Man, a clean killing machine in human form. Sam never wanted this and will do everything possible to silence those responsible for his condition. In the course of the film, Sam's blood gradually becomes toxic, green instead of red. It seems that water and other substances that often extinguish a fire react in the opposite way when Sam’s uncontrollable flashes catch fire. Come to find out that Lisa has Sam, whose parents also die from SHC. Dr. Marsh (John Cypher), whom Sam had known for a long time as his doctor, must inject toxic green fluid into their bodies, I suppose, in order to increase their flame level. Nina (Melinda Dillon, with a sporty accent that disappears and disappears) was Sam's girlfriend and his assistant in the experiments of the 50s, who tries to discuss with him everything that happens. And Rachel (Day Young) is Sam's ex-wife, who may work against her ex-husband with Lew and Marsh to harm him and Lisa. <br /> <br /> A rather strange, terrible click, filled with some rather awful fiery effects. Dourif tries to bring into his character a tragic element and intensity, the position of which we continue to observe, as his body slowly turns into toxic waste, and the fire often ignites from its openings. In his hand there is a big hole, spewing flame like a volcano, and a massive burn patch on his arm, which increases in size over time. The best scene is probably when director John Landis, who portrays a crude electrical engineer trying to get Sam to hang up, because the radio program he calls sounds for the night, he is a victim of SHC. This film never works, because it is so wildly uneven with an unexpected, ridiculous ending, where Sam offers to release Lisa from her fire, taking him from her.
