A single title (along with a poster) is enough to give “Projected Man” as an obvious robbery of “The Fly”. And Bryant Hallid, although you think he is much better than the typical IMDb review, is not the idea of ​​an acceptable assistant Vincent Price. Although, if you think who could be, if Michael Gough was not available ?? However, if you are in the mood to watch a British Hummer-style movie with a science fiction theme about a teleportation experiment that is terribly wrong ... well, you may still want to give Projected Man a pass and dig around “Remnant” in your local Wal-Mart for another teleport accident film. Because this is not so good. <br /> <br /> Hallid caught a lot of good-natured guys from the MST3K team for participating in this film and in “The Devil's Doll”, but in fact he is the best thing in TPM. Maybe he cannot carry the film, but he receives almost no help from the script. The script confuses any momentum that the plot may have in meaningless nonsense about funding and university policy and a guy named Lembach and some ominous clique who wants the teleport machine to fail so they can steal its secrets ... or something else. Thus, all the dramatic episodes in the first half of the film include either phone calls or flimsy special effects with transparent coffee machines and teleporting rats. Then, when poor Hallid is disfigured by his car, he has to spend the last part of the film, putting a diaper on half of his face and rubber cement for the rest of the time, until he kills various Londoners with electric shocks on his way. Tom Cruise and Eric Roberts, using megaphones, could not make this script work. <br /> <br /> In the meantime, all the other actors are diligently trying to bring life and interest into their roles in this small but boring project, but the script simply absorbs their efforts as a whole. A corrupt project administrator annoyingly and displeasedly sizzles into the phone of his blackmailers, not noticing that he looks like a werewolf wearing a tweed suit and Tattersall's vest. The researcher and former girl Hallida has the least convincing novel in the history of British horror cinema. His secretary is forced to parade his "little ones." None of this works and turns into a real movie. And all this just seems to stop, leaving the viewer who says: “Oh, excuse me, shouldn't there be an END?” <br /> <br /> However, with all his problems, I can easily name a dozen horror films from the same period that were just as bad or worse as any other who follow the movies (or who have ever watched IMDb "Bottom 100"). In fact, I would not pay money for Projected Man, but if he was included in some collection along with a dozen other films in the DVD collection, I would probably feel good having it. It is an innocuous entertainment, perfect for a horror film festival that you can watch with friends by drinking a lot of beer and snacks on Saturday night.
