Professor Paul Steiner is engaged in the study of the transfer of matter. He designed a machine that he can use to make an object, such as a wrist watch or a rodent, disappear, only so that the object re-materializes in a different place. But in his research center there are those who do not like or disapprove of his experiments and will do everything possible to see that he did not succeed. After an unsuccessful demonstration that could save his funding, Professor Steiner decides to test his car for himself. As expected, everything goes wrong, and he turns into a frightened madman, whose simple touch will kill. <br /> <br /> Looking back, it might not have been a very good idea to revisit Predicted in the same week I watched Fly, Return of a Fly and Curse of a Fly. It seems that there are only so many films about the transfer of matter and the potentially terrible consequences that it can have on the human body that one person must endure for three or four days. I'm not sure that those who are responsible for the movie list are their source material for The Projected Man, but much of this is so similar to Fly movies that it cannot be a coincidence. However, “Projected Man” is not even as good as the worst of the “Fly” trilogy. <br /> <br /> In addition to the fact that Projected Man is terribly unoriginal, he has several other problems that really interfere with enjoying the film. I have a big problem with Bryant Hallid in charge. He has such an ass that I not only do not worry about his sufferings, but also support him. Supporting actors Mary Peach and Ronald Allen is almost as bad. They are so soft and boring that they hardly matter. In fact, there is very little to worry about while watching The Projected Man. Soundtrack ?? not very memorable "look" ?? I would describe a lot of this as "dirty." Plot ?? predictable. Action ?? There is no altogether, this should be avoided. <br /> <br /> Fortunately, I watched "Projected Man" through a copy of the episode "Mystical Scientific Theater 3000". Cool stuff! Although not absolute, very often, the poorer the film ?? better riffs MST3K. The guys reached almost all of their marks with The Projected Man. I will give him a very enthusiastic 4/5 on my MST3K rating scale.
