Chic Spice Victoria Beckham and her alleged new adventures after they just moved to Los Angeles for work purposes (footballer David became the Galaxy player in Los Angeles after his transfer from Real), was originally going to become a full-fledged series, but Fortunately, has been reduced to one hour or so. But even in this form, it is still overwhelmingly endless. <br /> <br /> As with virtually all “reality shows,” most of the incidents appear to be clearly false, and the program itself even admits that Posha’s newly appointed personal assistant is an actress. As an ugly Betty, we hear some clumsily written and performed teasing at an early stage (with an obvious joke about Beck's apparent passion for the previous, and rather more glamorous P.A. Rebecca Loos, although her name is not mentioned) with subsequent episodes, including a fake explosive doll to fool the paparazzi and hopeless attempts to smash a baseball. <br /> <br /> It could be more entertaining if everyone acknowledged that it was a piece of fluff and had the act of Resnie or an impostor in the lead role. The talented impressionist Ronnie Ancona would have been perfect and would have been better if he were Posh than Posh herself, and if this more sensible decision had been made, there would have been much more joy and fun. here we are dealing with the real thing (Ms. Ancona may have rejected the script as too weak anyway), and although there are strange individual attempts at self-humiliation and irony, it never works remotely due to preliminary information about La Beckham in advance. and her inability to betray potential jokes, despite her intentions to send her image, Mrs. Beckham looks like a shallow egoist, and her weak unidirectional lines do not convince us that she has some sort of humorous self-awareness. I suspect that if a more realistic “fly on the wall” documentary approach were adopted, that is, a chic walk along any street in Los Angeles and completely ignored (instead of the crazy, mock scenes of mild hysteria shown here) and partners doing indescribable jokes about that. We have already mentioned Ms. Loos, this would have made the TV a little better, but being PR, but the very core would never allow such events. <br /> <br /> Having said this, later scenes in which she made a special performance at the baseball stadium, where she was indifferently presented to the uninterested mass show, and tough times would come if she wanted to succeed in Hollywood. Her colleague Scary Spice (aka Mel Brown) also found it impossible to make it big, living in the capital of cinema, despite her novel (which was not implemented) with the big name Eddie Murphy. <br /> <br /> The Spice Girls were, of course, an extremely successful gum pop group in the mid-1990s, especially in their native Britain, but still popular for a short while in other countries, including the USA . They were certainly delighted with their peak of fame (1997), when it seemed that there was a great period of optimism in Great Britain with Cool Britain and the new Labor government. which the Spice Girls seem to be At the time when they were not outstanding musical or singing talents, at the end of the year optimism in the UK seemed to fade away (perhaps the starting point was the tragic death of the princess). Diana), like The Spices themselves. Their presence in the music and entertainment scene soon became repetitive and obvious, and if they had all quietly and unceremoniously moved away from prying eyes to enjoy their successes, we would all have pleasant memories encrypted in our memory without any guilt. Unfortunately, the appearance of the disgusting culture of "celebrities" in the UK by the beginning of the millennium put an end to these ideas, and we have all suffered from thousands, if not millions of Spice stories, since Chicago is the worst offender, and the rest of her colleagues are not far behind Of course, they do not require any additions to their swelling bank accounts. Perhaps this is because two of them are fighting with single mothers, maybe? <br /> <br /> Okay, soon it's time for Becks' adventures in a documentary with a revelation, then, I look forward to ............. <br /> <br /> Rating: 2 out of 10.
