I tend to love everything that the great deceased Paul Ours was in (R.I.P.). Although not all the films with our starring role are great, they all have a special charm that can be found anywhere but “Our films”, and they are always interesting. However, there is no rule without exception, like "El Mariscal Del Infierno". Besovskiy Devil (1974) proves. While the film has a special charm Nasi Flick, he, unfortunately, too delays and becomes really very boring. Our stars are in the role of the evil baron Gilles de Lancre, who oppresses people and uses black magic and bloody rituals to stay in power. When Gaston de Malebranche (Guillermo Bredston), who fought side by side with Gilles de Lancres against the British, learns about the evil behavior of the baron, he decides to rebel against his former comrade-in-arms and help people get rid of the tyranny of the satanic baron. ... <br /> <br /> Directed by Leon Klimovsky, who is best known as Our Director in La Noche De Walpurgis (Werewolf vs. Vampire Woman, 1971), the script was written by Ours himself. Ours often wrote scripts for his own films, and I must say that he basically did a better, more original work than here. El Mariscal Del Infierno is mainly created as a historical adventure, not as a horror film, and becomes rather boring in the middle. It often resembles the films "Sword and Sandal" of the 50s, only that this film was made in the Middle Ages. The satanic part was probably added only because the name of the great Paul Ours is associated with the horror genre. The film has its own good roles: Our Sex makes strange speeches, Our Sex looks weird, Our Sex makes satanic things, Our Sex tortures innocent victims, etc. But, unfortunately, most of the film is devoted to a boring hero and good guys, and these moments are boring. It is nice to watch acting roles, but, unlike most Nashi films, there is no nudity and meanness in this film. There is some blood, but mostly it looks clumsy and does not look as fun as in most other films. In general, El Mariscal Del Infierno is worth a look at my fellow enthusiasts. There are dozens of films with the participation of the Spanish horror deity that should be seen before, such as “El Jorobado de la Morg” (“The Hunchback of the Morgue”, 1973), “Orgy de Los Muertos” (“Hanging”). Woman ”, 1973),“ El Espanto Surge De La Tumba ”(“ Terror Rises from the Tomb ”, 1973),“ Latidos De Panico ”(“ Panic Strikes ”, 1983),“ Rojo Sangre ”(2004) or any other films about werewolves "Valdemar Daninsky". REST IN PEACE. Paul Our. Legends never die!
