Obviously, the director and film crew intended to paint a less flattering picture of the Palestinian girl and her family. The film and its website are trying to show that Ayat has a secret reason to blow herself up and Rachel — the guy's problem — perhaps pregnancy. It is precisely hidden the fact that Ayat herself witnessed the death of a close friend at the hands of Israelis - right next to her house. Damn it, why should a young, beautiful, smart girl with plans to go to college go and do something like that? Could it be that a hormonal, emotional teenager was injured after seeing that someone she loves is dying before her eyes? This item deserves only 5 seconds in the film. Another neatly avoided detail is that Avigail Levy, the mother of Rachels, could have prevented the destruction of the building in which the Ahras family lived (along with 22 other families). It seems that she offers this as a “concession” - if Mrs. Ahras agrees to talk to her: “Why should I?” She says. (since the film was made, the house was destroyed - obviously, the interview did not lead to what she wanted - so take the bulldozers), Mrs. Levy said that she "wanted the film to be both cathartic and symbolic. Hopefully, a chance to overcome deep-rooted hatred "- instead, she uses it as a pretext for pursuing Ayatsa's mother, while she chats the house like a carrot. Moreover, although the two women live only 4 miles away, she is so unaware of the reality of the occupation for her Palestinian neighbors that she really thinks Mrs. Ahras can just drop by for a cup of coffee? You are welcome. And she misses the only chance that she had the chance to meet Mrs. Ahras personally and see what kind of life she lives. (The Akras family is originally from Jaffa, but now lives cramped in a refugee camp, just 4 miles from the place where Lewis live in comparative luxury. Any sympathy I would have for Mrs. Levy’s obvious successes is dispelled by her self-satisfied bitch On the contrary, Mother Ayats looks kind, frank and loving, despite all the efforts made by the post-production team to draw her and her family of monsters. Damn, even the music and sound design was one-sided - I think the muezzin sings ALL days every day4 miles from the home of the Levy family, always in a sharply contrasting way to the juicy new age music that gives this grim excuse a documentary. There is also a slight translation problem - Mrs. Levy DIRECTLY addresses the camera in English when she wants something then say in advance, in Hebrew, when not. Mrs. Ahras spoke only Arabic, which sometimes received a TRANSLATION, sometimes a TRANSLATION, always awkward and very suspicious of a supposedly objective film. They also "sweated" under the light, while Mrs. Levy sat in (air-conditioned) comfort. editing for mrs ahras segments too. I gave him 2 because I liked mum and dad Ayats who seemed like good decent people. Shame HBO, producers and director, for the release of such a smelly bomb.
