Welcome to our city, welcome to your city? As we familiarize ourselves with the world of its inhabitants in America in 1901, this three-act game opens before us with the help of Scene Manager, a visual narrator, if you wish. After his initial ideas, we are led to the homes of two specific families; Webb and Gibb. <br /> <br /> This is definitely Middle America at the turn of the century, and the progressive lifestyle of the American dream and its saccharine hues, which may seem a bit biased in this dream. town. Here we see the daily lives of some of the 2642 residents of Grover Corners, New Hampshire, even if there are Polish migrant workers who add another 500 to the number, they never look in. <Br /> <br /> As soon as the daily life of these families was introduced; wives are cooking, children work at home, fathers work, children fall in love and clean fences painted white, the second act begins three years after young George (young and unrecognizable William Holden, who was then 22 years old) and Emily fell in love and intend marry. Blooming lovebirds, reaching for the stars and also reaching a turning point in their own lives, from the nest in which they lived now, to the anxieties and troubles of the young adulthood, to which they nervously stride. The third act is a little more sour and apprehended, it is in this act that the intentions of the films become apparent, here we see not life, not celebration, but death, and it is in this predicament that the dead, when they return, return and reconcile their own lives in the past. , here to remind us, to tell us that life, and every last minute, every precious breath should not be wasted and wasted. <br /> <br /> It is in this last third that the cinema’s own political position also seems more obvious, feeling more like a propaganda trick about moral lectures in Central America and how it should direct its home and how it should also put it in order. It is not only about “our” city, it’s moral diction aimed at “our” souls and how America can improve itself if its peoples "(excluding Poles, Irish, Native Americans and liberated ethnic minorities", and Overall, as well as the backbone of Americans who, nevertheless, did not have a decent participation in this narrative, such as the middle classes, can meet the expectations of the American dream through honest and dignified life. Suppliers of "American Dream" only with a special invitation. <br /> <br /> This film also amused me a little, but I felt that his story had a stronger influence than anything else that was involved in it, although a soft game, musical accompaniment or how good or not that was done. It was the intention of the films to exclude other groups and to include only films such as Webb and Gibb in the future of a developing US country, but it seemed to me a bit biased in their position. <br /> <br /> Taken from a play by Thornton Wilder (1897–1975), born in the United States, this play, which won the Pulitzer Prize, and six films nominated for the Oscar, was the center of the eternal movement of life and its three main attributes; Life, love and death, translation of plays to celluloid looks like a right surge of social consciousness. Our city begins with what seems to be a lesson in meaninglessness, as in other cities, nothing exciting happens here, if at all, there are only “right people” in this city, you can still leave the back door unlocked here. We are watching the development of the lives of these two families, but their moral and social position is more important than themselves. Our City may have just been “Any City” if you come from the right side of the city.
