I took Time Changer because it looked like a good low-budget science fiction film about time travel, and I was in the mood for something like that. The description said that it was somehow related to biblical things and time travel, but I did not expect this to be a fundamentalist Christian film! <br /> <br /> The film had decent special effects and an interesting premise that could have taken place and was much more interesting than in the end. Our hero, a professor of the Bible from the 1890s, eventually sets off in the 2000s and discovers that modern life is filled with the influence of evil — Jesus is nowhere to be found. This remarkable technological feat is accomplished with the help of a similar Bible teacher who somehow managed to invent a functional time machine in the style of H.G. Wells. At this point, the film begins to lose confidence, which is regrettable because it happens at the very beginning of the film. Earlier (or maybe immediately later, I can’t remember for sure), our hero professor taught what seemed like a scientific exercise, where he argued that scientific results can be considered confirmed only if they can be compared with what the Bible says. What should be obvious to everyone is that this is clearly not what the scientific method is, but it is presented in such a way that the filmmakers prefer the view that science is only useful if it supports their requirements. otherwise it is useless. <br /> <br /> In any case, this belief is perfectly correct and reasonable in the context of the character of the time. So, if we take this as a fact of life for these biblical professors, then it is obvious that the professor who went and invented the time machine is not a very strong believer, because I don’t think there is any evidence (and none were asked ) for the physics of time travel in the Bible. So immediately there is a problem with mixed messages and credibility, but never mind ... <br /> <br /> After the professor was convinced to make a leap into the future, the shock from modern technology was pretty well handled in most cases . It was also funny that he was not tied to the exact year (as the character reads the date from the newspaper, the car hums in the horn, and it scares him that he does not finish the date: it's just two thousand ... * Honk *). Although some shocked for too long. For example, the car was one of the first things he ran into when he arrived, and about two days later he was invited to an evening of church cinema and rolled into a van. He stuck his head out of the window like a dog, he was frightened by the headlights, starting motor, etc. This seemed a bit strange, since by this time he had been there for several days, and the city seemed to be very busy with traffic. In any case, it is easy to ignore. The rest of the technical shock was well done - especially his first meeting with the TV, which was postponed because he did not even realize what it was until he saw the child who was watching alone and using the console. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, our hero predictably begins to preach to almost everyone he meets, as if he is an authority in all his life and religion only because he is from the past and is an elder. Eventually, he gets the center of attention of the church he attended, and begins to tell them his concept of Christianity in a long monologue, which was supposed to be touching and insightful, but mostly it was more of the same. A couple of husbands in the church have strange feelings about this guy (go figure) and explore his name. In the end they come to the conclusion that he either travels in time, or pretends to be this long-dead biblical professor, and decide to find out who it is. In the film, these guys are portrayed as unbelieving bad guys for skepticism. <br /> <br /> Just before the professor returns in due time, these two people face him. In an effort to avoid arrest or removal, he eventually breaks into an almost insane sensation about how soon Jesus will come, and that he is a prophet, therefore they should listen to him. Just in time, he is taken away, and one of the husbands wonders if this is the delight he has heard so much about. <br /> <br /> The irony is that in essence this means that the professor became self-proclaimed (and, most likely, a false prophet), claiming that he knew that admiration was close and he was sent by God when truthfully, he was sent by his biblical colleague, and he did not have any data from God (which was stated or even hinted). br /> <br /> As far as I understand, Revelation states that the end time is only for God, and at the end of the film we see how the professor-inventor is trying (and cannot) send the Bible to the future. , First 2080, then 2070, and so on. When the scene disappears. It is clear that he is trying to determine the exact date of the end of time - which he should not know! In fact, the whole premise of the film is canceled, because, being so persistent in regard to their religious beliefs and how certain things are meant only for God to know, this means that there can be no BEING time machine at all, because then humanity will be able to find out what only God must know! The whole premise of the film is crumbling and makes it all useless, because in the end it undermines its own authority.
