One of the more “literate” Lone Stars, with time spent on character development and interaction, dialogue and active business. The opening scene sets the scene (literally) for the player's personalities, Kansas Charlie (Eddie Chandler), and his buddy, John Scott (John Wayne), rodeo stars (say, Roh-Day-oh), both of which are slightly lascivious. The film tells about their adventures, when they try to outdo each other in pursuit of Mexican Juanita, and later - in pursuit of merry Mary Kornman, who has an inevitable evil brother (although he was bewildered by a real villain and wants to repent). And, of course, they are mistakenly accused of two crimes, and they have to serve time in prison before fleeing and being acquitted at the end. <br /> <br /> Scott constantly and deliberately looks at Maria's ass at her grocery store, and knocks down the stairs on which she stands so that he can catch her and grab her when she falls. It all seems a bit modern for the 30s, but it sounds better than it actually is. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, the exciting elements of the action that we find in many other Lonely Stars are disastrous here. No Yakima Canutt. Cheap and poor use of stock video riders falling from horses. No, George Hayes. Boring, bluff-like between Scott and Charlie, when Charlie swings on Scott, Scott stomps his foot and then hits him (repeated two more times!). Experienced Paul Fix is ​​underutilized. Eddie Chandler himself, who is here in his big turn of the star, is not very believable, like an occasional side impact. The villain looks too old and fat. Like Chandler, who spent his later career in 300 more films as an uncredited roll. Mary Kornman from the twenties "Our gang" (see "Mary, Queen of Babies", 1925) is good in her scenes with John Wayne, but that's about it. The seeds of the best western lodge are buried here. <br /> <br /> P.S. An ultra short color version that looks good moves so fast that it's all over if you blink more than once. Fortunately, awkward scenes with Eddie Chandler were cut out.
