This early western, John Wayne Lone Star, has much more than the mediocre cheats that Wayne was preparing for the Lone Star before that time. First, it has his old friend Paul Fix; Fix, being a much better actor than the standard villain of the Lone Star, brings much-needed professionalism to the environment, and not to the usual hesitant reading of lines often delivered in these baits. The plot about the wrong person, the robbery and the killing of wages, is as trite and careless as you would expect him to be in the low-budget Western style of the 1930s, but Wayne's attractive appearance, laid-back charm and lifestyle are important to make this is more enjoyable. The plump, balding Eddie Chandler is not quite believable as a female worker, Wayne, a “partner,” and there is something that happens when Chandler and Wayne are going to engage in a fistfight, which becomes tiresome. On the other hand, Wayne's love interest is played by none other than Mary Kornman, the little "Mary" of the early glory of "Little Scammers." Now she is an adult 20-year-old, blonde and sweet as a button. Most of the leading girls of Wayne in these “Lonely Stars” with the “B” monogram were rather soft and colorless, but Mary is cheerful, sweet and, yes, sexy. In the general store, there is a scene in which she works, in which Wayne asks her to bring him a bottle of “nervous tonic” that is on the top shelf, so she must take the stairs and climb to the top. shelf. Wayne looks at his little back end as she climbs the steps, then again when she goes down, then again a few minutes later when he asks her to climb and bring him another bottle, surprisingly cool for a movie made in 1935. Wayne doesn't try to hide the fact that he definitely checks her ass. In any case, this is an interesting little letter “B”, not very good, but not as changeable and random as many of his works of LoneStar of that time. In the final exchange of fire, not everything is so good, and after a while Chandler begins to be a little annoying, but on the whole it is worth seeing, at least to see the pretty and sexy Mary Kornman.
