I really really wanted to please Julian Poe. I think that Slater is underestimated as an actor, and that many of the supporting players here are better than they are given a chance to demonstrate in this film. I understand that this is based on a story that I did not read. Thus, I don’t know if there were any mistakes in the film from the story or were imposed on it by the director / screenwriter. The package is wonderful, and I liked the voice-over, the confessional tone that evokes the story. But then...? Nothing! Some of the selected local characters ask Julian to hit him with the intention to commit suicide. It can be argued that he is not responding, because it is not their business. But Julian is the one who, under only one significant pressure, blurted out his intentions in public. Then neither Julian nor the director / writer, despite the fact that the Julian character keeps a taped magazine for the sake of God, does not seem to be inclined to provide anything but scant initial information about Julian’s life. He says he was an accountant. He says his family moved when he was a child because of his father’s work. So what? There are several interactions with locals that seem to be intended to illuminate Julian’s goal. But none of them will go anywhere, because Julian seems to treat all these hostile locals as if they were aliens from another planet, as if he were the ultimate (and only) sane among them. It could work as an allegory if Julian Poe had some defining characteristics or something close to the wisdom to convey. The closest thing he can tell about himself is the scene in which he purposely humiliates the naive, religious wife of a mechanic. And what this scene shows is not something that could evoke sympathy for Julian. I can only see the Julian character - as presented - as selfish, petty and completely condescending. In some ways the attitude of the director of this unfinished, contrived film. And poor Michael Parks, the actor who once had such a promising promise, has nothing to work here.
