Do you know all those letters to "Santa Claus" and "Jesus" that are sent every year? Well, it turns out that they were not actually delivered, but fell in a half-forgotten corner of the post office in order to rot, if some bright spark does not find a way to place them. With strange settings, this is the winner and the one that fits perfectly with the strange film “Dead Letter Office”. Having said that, this is obviously an Australian film, not a British one. If it was the Royal Mail, most of the letters are in any case subject to such treatment. I haven’t been in this apartment for two years, and we still receive letters for Mr. Wan, some past-day woman priest I’ve never heard of, and various directories for industrial equipment addressed to a plumbing company. <br /> <br /> The Dead Post Office (the name of the place where the undelivered mail is delivered) follows the story of Alice (Miranda Otto), who grew up in a seriously divided house. Writing to her absent father, she only learns at a mature age that her letters were not delivered for one reason or another. Thus, logically, she gets a job in D.L.O. and finds himself working alongside other social marriages, including the brooding Chilean immigrant Frank Lopez (George Del Joyo). Slowly, she is drawn to him, but can she find out where her father is, without putting the closed world of the Office of the Dead Letters on her knees? <br /> <br /> Nothing against this film, but I was reminded of the terrible Heather Graham film "Done" while watching this film. However, it is much better than this pile of horse shit, but again, it is not difficult. For starters, this film is much more logical. True, metaphors are somewhat glaring, and the short-lived symbolism quickly turns into a flood. But at least it is cohesive and quirky, not being a complete fool. It also worked well. Both Otto and Del Hoyo are very good, as the lovers are looking for what they know they will never find, while the other characters are at best secondary. Part of the problem is that it seems too fast, leaving this viewer somewhat disappointed. The other part is that when you consider the draconian immigration policy of Australia (i.e. If you do not speak English, lash out!), This story is unlikely to happen in reality. Unfortunately, other characters also help destabilize realism, turning out to be slightly more weird stereotypes. <br /> <br /> Despite this, the Dead Letter Office is definitely a bit different. This may not be to everyone's taste, but I liked it. Yes, it was beaten and predictable, but sometimes it's nice to watch a film without weapons, violence, expletives and nudity (in an Australian film there is no such thing). There is no big laughter, there is no Bullet Time, and the characters are usually one-dimensional. But this is a story that matters here, and although it’s not amazing in its magnificence, it’s a reasonably pleasant way to pass the time. This is the equivalent of a Cheryl Crow CD - it's nice to listen to it from time to time, but you wouldn’t have missed it if it weren’t.
