Cassavetis was clearly a smart, sensitive person with bold new ideas about making films. He wanted to be a writer, break out of the system and introduce new realism into American cinema. For this, I applaud him. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, as a member of his audience, I cannot applaud "Woman Under the Influence." Cassavetis took something that could be a fascinating topic (crazy woman), and somehow managed to create a boring film, filled with lengthy advertisements and protracted scenes. He seems to have had a gift to film the darkest moments of a person’s life on film, and it often seems that he simply turned on the camera in his family and allowed the motor to work and work. This tactic would be acceptable if Cassavetes seized something destructively REAL - or even the core of something so real that it touched the heart as an ordinary film could not. However, I found that the performances, especially the Rowlands, were artificial. I never believed she was really mad. I have met people who are really suffering from a mental disorder, but I have never seen any of them act in the same way as Gena Rowlands in Women Under the Influence. She played it like a very unpleasant, free woman who drinks a lot, and even that is confusing because we see her drink only once (at the beginning), but she behaves drunk until the end of the movie. There are some moments in which she uses something real, but these moments are rare; she is not able to withstand the whole mentally disturbed character. Again, I applaud her efforts, but efforts alone are not enough to make the play ring true. <br /> <br /> Beginners who see this movie and see its high IMDb rating will certainly feel compelled to love it and rate it high just to prove that they “get it.” But do not brainwash fraud - judge for yourself. You do not need to pretend that you like it. <br /> <br /> Like Woody Allen, John Cassavetes could be blamed for solipsism in his filming, which seems to find his own psyche and his own life experience so infinitely exciting that he could not imagine that they seemed to others arrogant and painful. But Woody Allen, at least, showed a gift to entertain the audience - he knows that a convincing plot structure and a good dose of humor are necessary for any film. If Cassavetis had used some self-discipline (and a pair of sharp scissors for editing!), Woman Under the Influence would have a chance. But what's the point of making a “realistic” film, if the only people who can stand watching it are devotees of art-house and students who worship Cassavetes as a kind of deity against the establishment? Without stopping anything, I believe that Cassavetis could have made The Woman a little more accessible, keeping the pace in a real storyline, rather than showing 30-minute scenes with erratic disputes. If you are just making films for yourself and a few of your fans, you simply achieve the transformed one. Watch this movie with your own eyes and make your own decisions. If you are really touched and fascinated by this, good for you.
