From an actor and independent writer / director John Cassavetes, Woman Under the Influence gives the viewer a look at a working-class family with a problem of mental instability. Her husband, Nick (played by Peter Falk), is a worker who has trouble showing his wife Mabel (played by Gene Rowlands) the amount of attention she deserves. From the very beginning of the film, it becomes obvious that Mabel is very strange and strange, but after just a few minutes it becomes clear that she is much more than that. Psycho. Nuts. Beyond her damned mind. Nick tries hard to hide it from his colleagues, and after she had a particularly strange incident at dinner, he asked her if she was all right, as if he was trying to deny Mabel's illness. Her problem only escalates. <br /> <br /> I found some special problems with this movie. I think these problems were mostly present in the story, and how some of the characters acted at the end. Mabel was betrayed because, frankly, she is nuts. Then, after six months, she is ready to leave the hospital, and her husband is having a party to greet her. He never behaves stupid at the beginning of the film. Why would he invite all these people, some of whom are strangers, to Mabel, to his house when his wife is in such a fragile state? This is just idiocy. Later, after Mabel entered the house, Mabel's father made a huge blast at Nick, screaming at the top of his lungs about not wanting to eat spaghetti. His daughter just came back after six months of rehab, and what you want to do is keep her calm, and he goes crazy about spaghetti? A few minutes later, in the film, Nick leads Mabel to the stairwell and forces her to do what she did when she was mentally unstable; make her strange sounds and gestures. Didn't he send her there to make her better and not do such things? After that, other events occurred, but it would be superfluous to consider them in more detail. I think I just had a serious problem with the decision of Cassavetes to have his characters act in this way. It just didn't make sense. <br /> <br /> However, although I had problems ending the film, there was one aspect that really bought it out; actions. Gene Rowlands has played an amazing crazy woman. There were times when I forgot that she was playing, when I was so fond of her wild gesticulations and crazy conversations that I was really afraid of her. She was surprisingly persuasive and intense. However, I was also impressed with the rest of the Mabel family. Peter Falk played a very strange character, and I almost thought that he himself was crazy because of how awkwardly he treated his children, his work, and especially his wife. I also usually do not appreciate children's actors. But the young people who played Nick and Mabel’s children in this film were phenomenal. It really seemed to me that they were Mabel’s children, because they were so attached to her and were so interested in helping her solve her problem. I think their performances are one of those things that kept this film together, and without them that would make the film less realistic and less intense. <br /> <br /> In general, this film did not impress me. The story was erratic and unclear, and the characters acted in such a way that I wondered who was not mad in the film. The only saving grace was the brilliant main roles of the Longetti family. Their realistic dialogue and powerful play kept the film together, and probably the only reason the film ever achieved anything.
