In the movie "Woman Influenced," Mabel goes crazy, but I understand why she goes crazy. If I lived the way she lived in the family that I have, I would also go crazy. Everyone in her family fell behind their rocker and not quite with it. She is constantly surrounded by people screaming at her and telling her what is best for her, and people who are not the sharpest knives in the drawer. <br /> <br /> Start with who is closer to her in her life. Her husband, Nick, was a little distracted from his rocker. He always screams at her when he is at home, tells her how to live her life and stop behaving like an idiot. The rest of the time, he works many hours at work, and he cannot support her when she needs support. The only person in her life who should always be with her will never be, and if he is, he just makes her feel worse. She relies on his support and always comes to him first when he feels that he is behaving incorrectly, and he does nothing to support her. When she comes home from the hospital, all he does is tell her how to act, instead of comforting her, he just screams at her and tells her what to do. <br /> <br /> The other main people in her life are her parents. Her parents do nothing in her life for her. Mabel basically leads his life because they are afraid to confront and protect her. In the end, she even asks her father to stand up for her, and he does not understand, and when he gets it, he still does nothing. They do nothing to help Mabel recover or prevent her from going crazy, because they do nothing during her period. The only person who is trying to do something for her is Nick's mom. Mom Nick insists on committing Mabel. She does not want Nick to deal with this, so the doctor instructed her. It seems that everyone is against Mabel, and they feel that her loyalty is a good idea, because then they no longer have to deal with it. They all want to live their lives and do nothing for Mabel except to scream at her and make her feel that she is doing something wrong when in fact it is not. That's why she went crazy, and why she had to be faithful, it was all the fault of her family.
