It was supposed to be called “Balderdash!” Not only is the movie true, except for the name of the island and the fact that the submarines were involved. A little more than training the quality of films with poor camera performance, dirty footage and perhaps the lowest stereotyping of the Japs with laughing Japanese infantry, laughing Japanese fighter pilots and one-dimensional Americans with square jaws dying left and right. Sixty years later, it is inadvertently ridiculous as a strange artifact and as an opportunity to see what is possible when the fever of war strikes you. The plot and the dialogue remind me that I played a gun on a summer day in my childhood, peering into the hedge of a neighbor to get a fatal advantage over my best friend Steve and my younger brother. In fact, the raid on Makin Island was almost a complete failure, when Carlson and his people wandered through the darkness, exchanging shots with shadows, until finally they were thirsty and completely disoriented, looking for someone to surrender to than they met with some equally confused Japanese. soldiers who quickly surrendered to them! In the withdrawal, several of the Carlson's marines were on another island and were abandoned! The film, of course, could not tell this story, not in 1943, so this part of the whim was fabricated and rushed into the category to beat the drums. With Randolph Scott and his jaw when Colonel Thorvald (Carlson) led a squad consisting almost entirely of cartoons in the stock markets, green recruit (Harry Landon, Robert Mitchum), veteran gray-haired (J. Carroll Naysh, Milbern Stone, Sam Leven) the village beetle (Rod Cameron), the All-American boy (Alan Curtis) and a lot of mocking (when they were not laughing) "Japs". And yet, the cast almost wins the material. Nearly. The narrow circle of Randolph Scott is well suited for his role as a serious commander, and is supported by a close-knit group of professionals who do their best with thin porridge. But in the end, the object of the exercise with one note wins. Any pretense is completely stopped when Randy Scott just looks straight into the camera and makes an exciting (well-mixing) call for arms. The composition was better than this material. So was the audience. Should be seen with Reefer Madness and a reasonable price bottle of Merlot.
