The DVD has become the equivalent of an old double counting scheme late in the evening, the last opportunity to catch old films on the verge of being completely forgotten, like The Border. There were high hopes for this back in 1982 ?? co-written by Walon Green from The Wild Bunch, Jack Nicholson in the days when he could still act without a semaphore, and a great cast (Harvey Keitel, Warren Oates, Valerie Perrin), directed by Tony Richardson (although he was pretty much wasted by then) but now it doesn’t even turn on on TV. The material certainly offers a rich set of opportunities for commenting on the American dreams of the 80s about capitalism and conspicuous consumption when Nicholson's Border Patrol closes his eyes to a strange drug deal or some of the people who trade in drugs to finance their relentless materialism. wife until it opens again. his conscience, when he learns that his partners are also selling children's goods. Unfortunately, he never stains his hands, barely closing his eyes, until his decency rises to the surface. The film always softens, as if too much is being rewritten, and too many committees left it neutered, and, unfortunately, the recent DVD release is a missed opportunity to restore the original, nihilistic end, where Nicholson goes over the edge and lights a bomb at the border patrol station after the preview viewers found him too dull, but which still figured prominently in the movie trailers. <br /> <br /> Although it probably wasn’t too convincing, considering how Nicholson’s humble crisis of conscience is in the film, it should have been better than the rough climax of the revision where the film refuses logic and even the basic rules of continuity : at some point he holds the characters at gunpoint, then he is somewhere else, and they are free, trying to kill him, one character goes from the wounded in his house to jump like a gazelle on the banks of the Rio Grande, while as a character, Valerie Perrin becomes dumber on an exponential level. The villains of this work arrange with absurd ease (and one impressive car stunt) in time for an awkwardly edited happy ending, and you start to wonder if you somehow turned out to be completely watching another movie. What makes it even more awkward is that the rest of the film is so flat and stunning that the sudden jump in melodrama becomes all the more dramatic. Unfortunately, Ry Cooder's beautiful title song, "Across the Border," speaks of this much more economically. But if you want to know the real crime of the film, he completely loses the great Warren Oates. When even he cannot impress, you know something is really wrong. In general, it is too easy to remember why I found it so forgotten at the time.
