This film is about the abduction of children from the point of view of the mother (Lisa Hartman Black), who behaves like a man in an action movie. Unlike other films, where the focus is on the police, here the mother tracks her ex-husband, who kidnapped their son. She gets help from her lawyer, who eventually falls in love with her. <br /> <br /> Before finally catching up with her son, a lot of strange things happen. Mom is trying to take a child similar to her son from a local children's play in a public theater. She falls into the trap, and then realizes that this is not her child. This alone would lead to the fact that most people would be placed in a psychiatric hospital or a few months in jail awaiting trial. However, in this film, the mother is released after a couple of hours, because the parents of the victim feel sorry for her. After a while, Mom bursts into her mother-in-law's house, and then the police arrive, and they send a weapon at her, but allow her to escape, because they recognize her (and feel sorry for her?). <br /> <br /> At another point in the story, they found the child, but when the police arrived to search the house, it turned out that they had left the back door and entered the river in a boat, which, apparently, my father kept only for such an emergency escape ! Mom makes someone lend her a raft, and although it must have taken some time (in the real world), she and the boyfriend-lawyer, and the police quickly catch up with the other raft, and it turns upside down. water near the shore. Instead of getting out of the raft to find his father on the ground, his mother assumes that he drowned the boy, and she jumps into the water when she sees his life jacket. Of course, she does not know how to swim and sinks like a stone. The lawyer saves her, but they miss the chance to run after dad. One day my mother was told that her son died in a clinic in Mexico. And so on, and where it stops, no one knows! In a sense, this film really uses child abduction, and it is not very positive. On the other hand, seeing how a woman does all the crazy things that men in such films do is fun (or funny?).
