To revise this film, I would no doubt have to quote this memorable scene in Tarantino's Pulp Fiction (1994), when Jules and Vincent talk about Mia Wallace and what she does for a living. Jules tells Vincent that "The only thing she did that was worthwhile was the pilot." Vincent asks "What the hell is a pilot?" and Jules describes very well what a television pilot is: “Well, the way they do a show, they do one show. This show is called "pilot." Then they show this show to the people who make the show, and based on that one show, they decide whether they are going to do more shows. Some pilots are selected and become television programs. Some do not become anything. She starred in one of those who became nothing. "Now, to expand what Jules was talking about, there are MILLIONS of television shows / pilots who have never been broadcast because they simply were not ... well, well. Probably the famous pilot who comes to mind is “W * A * L * T * E * R”, exit from “M * A * S * H” with Gary “Radar” Bergoff as a leader. Hmm, was there anyone wants to watch the Radar for half an hour trying to solve crimes? Therefore, the show was never filmed. What many people do not know (or what they thought they knew) is that pilots hardly ever aired on TV because they were made strictly for television networks for them to decide. Some did that they went far away and went on the air (the pilot for the animated series “American Father” is recalled, since the series’s show itself began only after four months. However, there were times when we were all supposed to be glad that the pilots never go on the air, and here's why. <br /> <br /> Black Doll, supposed connection with Mel Brooks’s classic comedy “Blazing Saddles ”is stale. and bland “comedy of positions” with a small heart and no soul. "Saddles" were controversial comedy, however, with his racist humor and vulgar comedy that comes to mind "what kind of idiot would have decided that it would make a great TV show for PRIME TIME TV? !? “I say“ supposed ”because none of the memorable characters from the film, except Bart, participated in this television show mess. Mel Brooks was not even involved in the production of the series, and it was the first mistake in a long line (In a similar story, I recently learned about an untested television pilot for a TV series based on the movie "Clerks".) Win Smith was not involved in .... do you see what happens?!?). <br /> <br /> The plot is about at the same time as the film (or in general), the story revolves around a single black sheriff. to the wild west appropriately named Black by Bart, who this time is played by the future winner of the Oscar-winning Louis Gossett Jr. obviously before he started playing in the real game, while in this he plays Richard with a rating of "G". Prior: Most of the other characters are carbon (if not very bad) copies of the characters in the film: Jim, “Wako Kid” is replaced by a similar character named Reb Jordan, a former Confederate soldier who quickly wields weapons. Lilian Von Schtupp is now Belle Buzzer, the character’s more predatory character is that she is a show dancer and German with an accent and personality like Marlene Dietrich. Although this is largely the end of similarities, the main “bad guy” in this story is Fern Malaga, who is played by Noble Willingham, whom I thought would be Hadley Lamar if Warner Bros. secured the rights to the name (see Trivia for "Sparkling Saddles") and his son Curley ... I don't know, Taggart, I suppose? History is a bad excuse for a comedy series, especially for a pilot. Bart is dealing with the drunk son of the mayor, and he gets out of control, causing the city to turn. In fact, this is a story that tries to present all the characters of the “series” and does not focus on the diversity and context that would make this a “normal” show. I cannot call it a sitcom (and even if I wanted to), and this is primarily the fact that it was shot in the background in the Warner Bros studio. M * A * S * H ​​"(complete with a soft and boring" laugh ", identical to the series). Acting is so-so, but there is one part that always makes me laugh, and it is then that the actor playing Reb Jordan, almost seems to forget his lines and tries hard to remember them, trying to snatch a piece of dialogue. HA! The script is rather boring and trying to make racism more humorous than it was in the film. (Surprisingly, during the 22-minute episode they used the word "N *** er" is pretty annoying for your time period and even today ), and it becomes repetitive. <br /> <br /> If you ever fall into the hands of this invisible piece of sssss ... an extremely interesting novelty, watch it only for the sensation of watching the pilots (This is on the collection edition of "Blazing Saddles "God knows why.) There you yourself get a first-hand chance for the reason that many pilots of the film never go on the air.
