It was difficult to survive this terrible heretical adaptation of Sherlock Holmes. Obviously, Matt Frewer was filmed because he is tall and thin. His skull-like face became a good zombie in the Dawn of the Dead remake, but like Sherlock Holmes, he looks like a scarecrow. Not only does Frewer have a lanky walk without movement that is hard to look at, he looks uncomfortable in the stereotypical Holmes overcoats that are worn on him. Not only that, but while the coats of gray twill, they obviously could not find a suitable cap. So his cap is black and looks shiny, as if it is made of polyester. From whatever the cap was made, it looked very new and artificial. Jeremy Brett sometimes wore these traditional outfits, but Brett didn't have to dress like Sherlock Holmes to watch the role. Froer, on the other hand, is painful to watch. Even in full Holmes outfit, he doesn't behave like Sherlock Holmes. <br /> <br /> Fruere's corpse is grinning all the time, spewing him in a very bad British accent "Upper-Crust". pain to see and listen. To say that Frouer replays is to downplay. After he finishes each sentence with some kind of nasal buzz, he then grins, as if this is some kind of British trait. When I started watching this, I thought it might be a comedy featuring Wishbone, the Jack Russell Terrier. I thought Frewer was cast like some foil for Wishbone. But, unfortunately, in this film there is no dog, except Fruere. Wishbone would make this movie much better. <br /> <br /> Not only does the version of Sherlock Holmes Frewer never stop talking (in this terribly artificial British nose accent), he is very friendly and kind. Frouer always smiles at witnesses with whom he speaks, and he is so polite and polite that he can teach at the School of Enchantment instead of being a Sucist. Perhaps, since these are the products of the Hallmark channel, they are trying to make a children's version of Sherlock Holmes (Wishbone was better in this too), which would be kinder and softer. Whatever Fruer's point of view on Sherlock Holmes is, he is flatter than a pancake, and perhaps the worst version of Sherlock Holmes I've ever seen (including the previous worst, Charlton Heston). <br /> <br /> Overall, the tone of this film is terrible. It reminded me of a typical episode of Barnaby Jones, or the murder she wrote, or the murder with a diagnosis. All suspects acted too suspiciously and looked at the victims before they were killed. Holmes and Watson explain each clue to each other throughout the film. Even in Murder She Wrote, the exposure is smaller. <br /> <br /> This Sherlock Holmes doesn't even compare very well with Jim Rockford from Rockford, and he is a few miles below Colombo. A terrible dialogue is probably the fault of the writer. Obviously, the one who ever wrote this script knows very little about Sherlock Holmes, especially the BBC version with Jeremy Brett. In this film, the whole atmosphere of the episode "Little House on the Prairie." The fact that the actors seem to grin when they set out their lines in their fake accents does not help. <br /> <br /> The only minor bright spot is Ken Walsh, who plays Dr. Watson with some dignity. Walsh is not enthusiastic about this compared to Frewer, and when he frequently interviews witnesses, his behavior and conversation style are much more natural and trustworthy. Unfortunately, the rest of the cast is amateur, and the visual cues they give, casting glances and making faces at each other (to show that they are suspicious), is something I have not seen in any modern film.
