I am going to write about this film and about “Irreversible” (famous scene in it). So you are warned if you have not seen the movie. It’s just my thoughts, why I think the film falls through (after all, the intention of the pun). <br /> <br /> Acting wisely, Rosario Dawson is really good and almost conveys a portrait of someone nearly ten years younger (teenager in other words). The villain guy is good, but loses his “evil” touch right before the end. If he really never changes, then why did he let a woman tie him up? He won't, period. Then we also have a bartender / 2 dude rape. Actually, I don't think you need it. At least not for the second rape, but more on that later. <br /> <br /> Let's repeat the story. The character Rosarios is sexually unsafe, may even have lesbian inclinations (see Her scene with a friend). This was not intentional, as Rosario herself claims, but there is sexual tension between them. The character Rosario meets a guy who is a sexual Predator, in all bad ways. But he impresses her. <br /> <br /> Rosario noticed that her character had a boyfriend. I beg to differ. Because she acts as if this is her first boyfriend, which also underlines her telephone conversation with her mother. Speaking of her mother, here's another problem. After the first rape, Rosarios character tells no one about what happened. Considering that her relationship with her mother is very close, after that nothing is found out. If the character Rosarios will no longer call his mother or will behave strangely, the mother will worry as if she were crazy. There was so much potential here. Also her friend: we see her at a party, it is obvious that something is happening, and she has gone "boom". <br /> <br /> The first rape is almost unbearable to watch. But it feels like a pinch when you compare it with a finale (rape), when you feel yourself being hit with a sledge hammer! After rape no. 1 we get too stretched scenes. The streams are open (for example, her construction work indicates that she may be a lesbian, as claimed by one guy who tried to hit her ...), but left free. Real social contact will not be established if you leave the bartender away from home, who is participating in the second and last scenes of rape. Obviously, he is not a "good" guy, and his character has cleared up a bit. But when the character Rosarios again meets his tyrant in the class, his presence in the film seems meaningless. We understand that the Rosaryos character is no longer the one that she has become “bad” and is capable of hurting people. (Too) Many scenes show just that, because without emotion she just does drugs and other things. Let's go back to Rapist # 1, which changes the test, falls into the hands of the Rosary character and decides to hang out together again (right?). No matter how absurd it may sound, the guy meets with her, not without us not seeing him in advance, with another girl (it’s very likely that he raped her too, although, fortunately, we don’t see anything of this) and his football career. Well, career stretched, and mocked him. This is an attempt to give your character some depth, and it almost works, but again, too cliche to stay with you. So, Rapist # 1 submits to Rosarios character ... why exactly? Because he promised her, was it her day? Is it true again? Such a guy never loses control, especially with a woman he raped before ... I think this should show us how stupid he is. The bartender guy would work like someone who could hit him on the head or something like that, but letting him obey like that just feels wrong. Another possibility is a drug. <br /> <br /> V1 rapist gets naked and gets a blindfold, and let the Rosary character tie him on the bed ... seriously, this is just insane! But what will happen next, even crazier. At first she talks to him, then she “closes” him and imposes a subject on him. It’s just as difficult to watch as the rape scene is number one. It's not about what this guy deserves or not, it's just intense. And, of course, that was what they were aiming for. Now, after she has “finished,” the bartender comes and rapes ... rapist # 1. If this really worked as a film about revenge, it would be better if the heroine of the Rosary herself performed all the “revenge”. Having a job assistant takes everything that has been created. <br /> <br /> This should not be entertaining / pleasant, it’s a hard watch, and it’s Art House. But the 10-minute (I didn't count) rape scene at the end, just breaks everything up. The Rosarios character is more or less just watching what happens. What gives me the greatest disappointment. <br /> <br /> Irreversible comparison: “Irreversible” had a rape scene, but the film continued (even if it was in the past). Rosario, after all, looks into the camera and says something about how to deal with it. First, it is too late, and she must say this after the initial rape. And, secondly, and most importantly, it was here that the film “Art House” was to appear. It is more interesting to observe how the character Rosarios goes after the second scene of rape and how she will cope with what she has done. But on the other hand, she didn’t really do so much physically (see Above) ... a spoiled character who makes a film ... <br /> <br /> Good intentions (Talia and Rosario worked before), but unable to convey most of the things they intended to do (even if you see what they had in mind, it must be convincing, otherwise it does not work) ... not to mention too long scenes of rape, as they are ...
