Here is one of the most unusual scenes of the romantic film: a seriously spoiled man falls in love with an incurable woman who turns her life over before she dies. From time to time this story is done well and realistically (as in “Theory of Flight”, an excellent fan), but more often it is done as here, where, as usual, the heroine dies from “Old Movie Disease”. You know, an incurable disease that has no symptoms but one faint and the need to lie down when you say goodbye to your lover forever; and your appearance does not affect a drop (and since this is the 70s, then your sex life). This is one of the worst versions of this particular story, where a very silly scenario combines two incompatible and incredible characters, and they are played by actors who are completely at sea. <br /> <br /> to be the worst performance in Al Pacino’s career, and I say that after seeing the Devil's Advocate just two days ago! He plays a control-freak, emotionally constipated race car driver, and plays an unsympathetic character lifeless. He seems to be constantly asking himself why he stays with Martha Keller (as well as the audience) and spends most of the film just ... standing there, usually with his mouth open. The only time he shows any signs of life is toward the end, where his character proves that he has changed from stress to liberation, making Mae West's ridiculously bad imitation. Hey, those were * seventies! <br /> <br /> Martha Keller is as terrible as dying love; her character was conceived as bold, free, touching, relaxed and full of life, even despite death, and was probably supposed to play with an actress sensitive to, say, Vanessa Redgrave or Julie Christie. Instead, they had an expressionless face and Ms. Keller's heavy German accent, which looks more like a terrible Teutonic stereotype (“You will eat an omelette!”) Than anything like that attractive. It is assumed that she is reforming Pacino and filling him with courage, spirit, and the like, but this will not work, rather, she is outliving his flaws in the most disgusting way. This makes one of the least compelling novels in the history of cinema, where you cannot believe that she will be with someone whom she considers so useless, and you cannot believe that he is with someone who acts so strongly on him nerves. <Br /> <br /> Some fans of bad movies call this a cult classic, mainly because of the stupid “liberating” imitation of May West. The scene is a scream, especially in context, but you should not watch the rest of the movie. No, watch a movie only if you are a serious fan of a bad movie who is especially interested in learning Extreme Lack of Chemistry between leading actors or Very Bad Casting (not only the leading roles are terrible, but another friend Pacino plays an actress who looks and just sounds like Keller with shorter hair, I totally confused them). This is not one of those ridiculous bad films like "The Conqueror", it's just a very, very bad movie. <br /> <br />
