I can't remember all my life why - I must have had a free ticket or something - but I saw this film in the theater when it was released. I do not remember with whom I went, in what theater I was, or even in what city. All that I remember is how I was offended by this parody, that someone dared to name the film, and how half of the people in the theater came out before the film ended. Unfortunately, I brought it to the end that I still consider one of the most terrible mistakes in my life. My insult was pure horror when, shortly before the closing credits, a smart demon child stuck his head out of the sign and said: “Look for a problem child 2 that will soon appear!” It was the most terrible moment ever recorded in the film. <br /> <br /> In the plot, if I remember correctly, John Ritter and, possibly, his wife (God, as I unsuccessfully tried to block this film from going crazy) adopted the adoption of a “problem child.” Maybe they think they can reform it, or something like that. I really do not know. If this was their intention, they failed miserably, because from the first frame to the last, this child remains the most brutal, brutal and terrible creature of demons ever to hit the big screen. Forget about Damian, forget about the baby Rosemary. This baby takes a cake. The only difference is that we have to feel sorry for him, because he is a “problem child.” However, this is not possible, as this child is most likely the most impartial character ever depicted. You want to kill him throughout the film, and when (SPOILER, like everyone else) John Ritter decides to leave the ugly hellish child, you will scream: “Let him go!” In shocked disgust (as several people in the theater did) saw it). <br /> <br /> This is just the second film I gave to “1” on IMDb. The other was Superman IV, and by God I could not tell you what was worse. John Ritter wrote in the Guide TV a quote about the release time of “Problem Child 3”, in which he did not participate. He said something like: “The only way to do another sequel to The Problem Child is if they dragged my dead body back to perform.” Amen to this! <br /> <br /> I would prefer to watch the 24-hour marathon of police academy's sequels than to see even twenty minutes of a Problem child again. 1/10, just because I can not give him a negative assessment, which he really deserves. Someone will burn the original negatives of this film, please!
