The Yeti: The Curse of the Snow Demon begins aboard a plane full of American schoolchildren who are going to play football in Japan, unfortunately, during a severe thunderstorm of their plane crash in the Himalayas. No luck really. With some dead and some alive, the survivors must think about themselves and decide to wait until help arrives. However, as soon as they think that their luck cannot become worse, they soon discover that a huge, hairy creature from the Absolute Snowmen of the Yeti wants to kill and eat them all. Trapped, cold, hungry and struggling to survive will help get to the stuck teenagers in time? <br /> <br /> Yes, with a name like “Yeti: the curse of the snow demon”, this can only mean one thing: someone on the Sci-Fi channel has another “movie about creatures”, although in order to give these things a bit of variety, the Sci-Fi channel here in the UK is now called their “beast festival”! As if it would make a difference. Director Paul Ziller should say that Yeti: Curse of the Snow Deamon is a terrible movie, but at the same time quite interesting, but, of course, bad, but at times funny too. The basic premise in order is, in fact, a kind of cross between Live (1993) with its plane crash and survivors forced to turn the cannibal to survive, and the great killer of bloody bigfoot (another legendary hairy monster), the film “Night demon (1980)), which I would defend with my last breath, and I must say that this is not exactly a marriage made in heaven, but, as I said, it is sometimes fun, if not quite exciting or well written. The character basically annoys American teenagers, there are expected disputes, there is a macho, a strong woman and a coward who thinks only of himself, so there are no prizes for originality. There are also some holes in the plot, if as a result of a plane crash of people, why are only two rangers on foot looking for them? How are you going to dig a big hole and sharpen it with sharpened sticks for ten minutes? Why didn't the Yeti kill this bird at the end? Up to this point, it was killing everyone else, so why not she? The “actually two running Yeti” turn is also not used at all. At least in the film a good pace, he certainly moves at a rather old pace, and I never missed him. There is some kind of moderately bloody action, and the film has some kind of interest to see if the children will survive or not, and whether they will have their dead friends or not. <br /> <br /> The only thing that you can always do When talking about these “Creature Features” of the Sci-Fi Channel or “Beast Feasts”, it can be said that the CGI computer effects will laugh out loud and thus confirm this again. The plane crash at the beginning looks terrible, and Yeti, when he is CGI, looks just awkward, jumping everywhere, as if he were on a pogo stick. There are one or two beautiful scenes of blood, including a severed arm, a crushed head, a torn heart, several corpses, some blood splashes and the best moment when the Yeti tore a guy in half and beat him with his severed legs before biting a large piece of them. According to IMDb, the actor playing the Yeti took three and a half hours to put on a costume and make-up, which seems very long, since in reality it is a rather nondescript creation. Apparently, the original name was “Raksha: The Curse of the Snow Demon”, where “Raksha” means “demon” in Tibetan Sanskrit, so now you know. <br /> <br /> This has reasonable production values ​​given the usual Sci-Fi channel material they release, although the mountain’s location is not at all like the harsh, dull Himalayas and probably somewhere near some kind of ski by the resort, and during many day scenes it really looks pleasantly warm. The acting is not so good, and I do not think that any of the girls looked as good as it did not help. <br /> <br /> Yeti: “The Curse of the Snow Demon” is another terrible sci-fi channel. ” Feature Creatures', if I am honest that any sane person does not like it, but if you are looking for some funny themed horror, then this is not so bad, and there is one or two interesting moments that make it somewhat watchable, even if it is not very OK.
