What can not be explained? First, hatred towards this film. This may not be the greatest film ever, but I enjoyed it, got 11 Oscar awards for some reason, and made EIGHTEEN HUNDRED MILLION DOLLARS for some reason. It's a damn good movie. Which brings to the other side inexplicable. I have no idea at all why this film left me an impression when I saw it in the theaters. I watched it on TV and video, and had no effect when I saw it on the big screen (twice, or maybe three times, actually). But it may be, appeal to him. It's a movie, yes, the capital of M there, it's epic, it's a scene for Gone With the Wind or Ben Hur. Now, Ben Hur seems to have ended up with the wind and somehow looks great to me, with theatrical play and excessive melodrama. This Titanic is not none of that. Well, the acting was actually very good. Melodrama was sometimes very stressful. <br /> <br /> But what makes Titanic work is that it is an emotional journey. I usually enjoy movies that stimulate the mind, or give me visual thrill. This film is not completely stupid, but it is not a brain at all. Visual excitement is simply a means to an end, to feed the feelings of the audience. I did not cry when my mother died Bambi, do not interact with the tear. But this is a tear-to-force player of ten million, an amusing emotional game that will make Buzz Aldrin scream as a small girl, if normal. I'm sure if you saw it on the video and decided that you hate it, and it has a lot of irony, you can dislike this movie. But if you leave this infidelity a little suspended, if given this epic melodrama the benefit of doubt, you will enjoy it completely. And look at the top ten gross films of all time. Is one of them bad? Does one of them deserve a grade of 1 out of 10? No, not even the threat of the ghost. The film made $ 1.8 billion worldwide. Can not be bad. Not possible. <br /> <br /> How can anyone even think of comparing this with Spider-Man? Spider-Man was a fun film, but he was the total number of knee passengers in the September 11 events that caused his total as he did. Simply nothing was special. No one will remember her in 50 years. But I'm sure that the Titanic will be remembered.
