I avoided watching this movie for the longest time. Long before his release, I had rejected him as an overly romantic piece of Hollywood schmaltz, and I did not want to do anything. I never saw him in the theater. I shook my head with disbelief at the 11th Academy Awards - even though I had never seen him before. He then asked me to fight in the high school speech contest. One of the girls talked about this film. "It was very wonderful," she said. "I really felt you were on board." "Crap," I thought. I shared my feelings with my fellow judges. Someone looked at me and said, "You may be right, but if you like the movie, you might want to know more about true Titanic." The film must have done something right to attract attention. "Well, maybe," I thought first, then finally appeared on Pay TV. "Well," I thought, "I'll give it a look." I did not want it - I did not like it. loved it! What a wonderful movie. <br /> <br /> Where to start? I. Guidance. The contestants in high school rhetoric were right. James Cameron is doing a great job of creating a kind of "almost" atmosphere. The joy of life on the most elegant ship in the world. Indifference as the news of the iceberg spreads first; then the sense of increasing panic. You do not just see him; you really do feel him. Then - offers. The good performance from Kate Winslet (like Rose) and Leonardo DiCaprio (like Jack) were excellent - Cannes Winslet was the best, I thought, but both were good. They had their rich personality / poor boy down to perfection "I think". In my opinion, although the show's theft was Francis Fisher as a Rose mother. She was perfect as a Sunni aristocrat, and you could feel the fear and hatred she felt every time she looked at Jack. Then - details. I am not an expert on the Titanic sinking, but I have a reasonable general knowledge, and this film does a great job in reconstructing historical details accurately and then weaving them smoothly about fantasy romance. Very impressive, in fact. Then - the song. Who can watch this movie and not pick it up with Celine Dion's "My Heart Goes On" performance. <br /> <br /> Problems. Well, romance may have been very provocative, meaning I do not accept that Jack could have moved with every effort to the first degree. (I know he was invited the first time, but he seems to have continued to go first without stopping until he arrived there for a while). I thought, when the facts of separation between social classes, more realistic. Passengers on their way to the plane would have been stranded there after the ship hit an iceberg while the first class enjoyed half of the empty lifeboats. <br /> <br /> A simple laugh, though. This is really an excellent film. My only regret was not seeing it in the theater, so I thought it was more impressive. <br /> <br /> 9/10
