Titanic directed by James Cameron presents a fictional love story on the Titanic's historical framework. The plot is simple, uncomplicated, or not for those who love the plots that spin and turn and keep you in suspense. The end of the film can be discovered within minutes of the beginning of the film, but the story of love is an interesting story. Kate Winslet is as wonderful as Rose, a young aristocrat addressed by Billy (Zein). Early in the trip, Rose meets with Jack (Leonardo DiCaprio), a first-class artist on his way to America after winning his ticket aboard the Titanic in a poker game. If he wants something, he goes and gets otherwise the upper class is very interested in their social concerns. The two are in love and the audience is watching the Titanic sinking through their eyes mainly. <br /> <br /> The movie begins in modern times by exploring debris by a group looking for treasures that sank with Titanic, which happened recently. One of the survivors of the Titanic, Rose Dewett Pocater, who had heard about the debris exploration on television, was taken to the boat where the search is directed to find out what she remembers to help with the search. She gets her memory of just one trip from Titanic. However, the scene moves to Southampton, Ireland, where the Titanic sailed on April 10, 1912, where all passengers boarded. After another stop on the Irish coast, Titanic came out to see his first trip across the Atlantic Ocean to New York. Historically, the first few days of the journey have passed quietly, but the fictional plot of the story has been developed during this time, where Rose sees the desperate indulgences to involve her with the wealthy Kelly and falls in love with third class passenger Jack Dawson. Captain Smith, as shown in the film, was urged by the White Star Line Director to increase the speed of the ship so that they could identify headlines and get additional publicity by arriving in New York on Thursday evening and not Friday morning as planned. Smith then ordered an ominous decision that ran counter to his 32-year experience to extend Titanic legs at full speed. The Titanic had reported that the waters in its Atlantic Ocean were full of icy mountains, but they ignored these warnings and continued at full speed as described in the film. On 15 April 1912 at 11:39, an iceberg was seen. They tried to close the engines and remove the ship from the glacier track but there was not enough time and the ship struck the glacier on the starboard side as shown in the film. The filming of many small holes on the side of the ship and there is not a single big splash along the exact side. The Titanic crew sent distress calls and launched SOS rockets as described until 2:18 when the lights finally failed. California lights were seen six miles away, but they failed to recognize what was going on and did not respond to the many Titanic calls for help. Earlier in the day, California tried to warn Titanic of the extreme ice that caused them to stop their trip, but Titanic ignored them, causing California to stop operating the radio and leave the Titanic alone. The first women and children of the first class were filmed in the 20 lifeboats on board. By an overwhelming majority, third-class passengers suffered the highest number of deaths from any category and the crew were also severely injured in the tragedy. White Star Line and First Class passengers were thought to have been more than second and third class passengers when authorities were trying to get information about drowning. Also, the metal that was used to build the Titanic in recent years was found under extreme cold conditions, which faced the night the Titanic sank to be very fragile. In general, the basic plot is very accurate in its book of events and times when these events occurred on the Titanic. <br /> <br /> Many of the characters in the story were not real and were created solely for the purpose of the film or as composite characters to represent the characteristics and possible ideas of the people aboard the ship. The basic group of Rose, Jack and Cal's mother Rose were all fictional characters added to the story because they represent different groups of people from that time. After many characters such as Unsinkable Molly Brown; Captain Edward Smith, the ship's designer, Thomas Andrew; the white line star, Bruce Esmay; and all the Titanic officers were real. The first flight was the last flight of Captain Edward Smith anyway where he planned to retire afterwards. He had been part of the White Star Line since 1880, making his way as the millionaire's leader when the Titanic sank. The officers' pictures are accurate, with only four survivors survived, except for the officer who threatened to kill all the passengers with a pistol. He has recorded that he behaves so heroically and misunderstood that James Cameron apologized and raised a memorial in his honor in the hometown of a former officer in Canada. As shown in the film, there was a language problem between the crew and many lower class passengers from non-English speaking countries. In addition, Officer Loy was the only officer who returned in the lifeboat as described. The elderly who appeared in their beds when the water came in their room were dependent on Strauss. Not wanting to leave her husband's side, Ms. Strauss refused to enter the lifeboat and died with her husband aboard the Titanic. Moreover, Mr. Guggenheim who was showing sipping brandy and smoking cigars had come out wearing such a best suit. The richest man aboard the ship, John Jacob Astor, who owns most of Manhattan, died however, but his younger wife was rescued in a lifeboat. In addition, Molly Brown was rescued and later got medals for the crew of Carpathia that captured survivors of the Titanic from the water. She cost her ticket on the Titanic more than four thousand dollars and by the end of her life she ended up. All the interior parts of the ship have been replaced with skill to the last pieces of China and silverware. The gym, which is hard to see completely, has been recreated with all the machines that have been produced to match those shown in the old photos. Brilliant clothing and exquisite fashion were an excellent re-creation of the post-Victorian era of 1912. At that time, the wealthy were practically ruling everything, because the women's suffrage movement had not yet moved. During this time, women often marry for financial security, as Rose contemplates doing it, and usually returns her husband to their husbands as Cal wanted Rose to do. Rich did not take "new money" like Molly Brown as described. All the time was very formal. Women had to be taken to dinner by a male figure as shown in the dining scenes. Smoking was not very common among women at that time, but the cigarette holders, who were then leaders, were used as we saw in the film Rose. Men at that time smoked cigars in general and not cigarettes. Women were physically bound by corsets and socially by the community. Although James Cameron did not have a background in historical films, he brought experts from Titanic along with two years to go back to Titanic history, and few liberties were taken. Beautiful cinemas and special effects also made the film more enjoyable. <br /> <br /> A memorable message can be seen in the Titanic movie where people on the ship had about three hours to think about their demise. Director James Cameron presents various reactions to the time of crisis in people's lives. Everyone reacts differently and urges you to think about how you would react if you were in that position in Titanic that fateful night. In addition, this film is a reflection of the 1990s when it was produced because of a look at the wreckage of the Titanic. Only in the past fifteen years has the actual Titanic site been found and explored. This film enables us to take a deeper look at the disaster that many have not seen. However, the moral question arises as to whether today's people should take treasures from the wreckage of an underwater cemetery. There have been attempts to stop the search for treasures like the one that was filmed in Titanic but all failed. As is the case today, anyone can make a trip to the Titanic and take any valuables they have shown in the film that show the general values ​​of our time in this regard. <br /> <br /> Technically, the film was made well. For debris shots at the bottom of the ocean, it took 12 snorkels to get all the footage needed for the film. In addition, a special camera must be constructed to withstand extreme pressure at the ocean floor. Cameron did not plan to use the probe to go inside Titanic like anyone he has in 88 years since the ship sank but it turned out that this provides a unique perspective in the ship. Moreover, all the film's output processes fade from Titanic debris to Titanic's place during his actual journey. This shift between the modern scene and the previous scene during the journey is an excellent transition that makes it easier to follow the story in an unclear way. At the beginning of the film, septune recreation is used to recreate the scene when the actual people leave the European coast on Titanic and give it a distinction from the rest of the film. <br /> <br /> Titanic plays almost like a historical biography and resembles a work of art, a real epic. Like most history novels, we know the end, but they do not take away the wonderful treatments that can be found in this picture. Certain aspects of this film are Academy Award materials including fashion, sound, cinematography, and editing. If you like interesting characters that will give you an insight into the lives of characters in the early 1900's and how they face disasters, this movie is certainly right for you. <br /> <br />
