In 1997, do I remember that year: Clinton forbids the search for cloning, the unfortunate death of Princess Diana, Marlins won the World Series, and put a woman born with fossils. It was also a big year in Titanic, one of the greatest films of all time: a story about the Dream Ship, about a boy and girl in love but torn apart by the social class and at the height of their emotional commitment the ship meets disaster. I did not think anyone expected Titanic to be as big as it was. The film was bigger than life and had millions of fans, 85% of them teenage girls. I was 12 years old at that time and of course watched the movie several times. It was the film that made me think the love Jack and Rose shared was real and beautiful. While I felt that Titanic could not make a mistake, of course I grew up and I have not seen the film since I was 14, two years ago I watched the movie on DVD for 5.99 and I think it was a good price and to know what I thought about the film now. Was it worth the hype? Was it really the best movie of all time? Was Leonardo's real nose? Well, I know it's absurd to say, but I re-watched the movie. To be absolutely honest here, Titanic is a wonderful film, the best film ever, no, just depends on your idea for a good film, but Titanic presented in romance, humor, disasters, emotions, let's never go on this first trip. <br /> <br /> The film begins with Brock Lovett and his team to explore the debris of RMS Titanic, looking for a necklace with a blue diamond called the Heart of the Ocean. Unsuccessful, they discovered instead a drawing of a young woman lying naked, wearing the heart of the ocean, on the day the Titanic sank. Rose Dawson Calvert, 101, learns drawing, and contacts Lovett to inform him that she is a woman in drawing. She and her granddaughter Elisabeth, "Lizi," visit Calvert Lovett and his skeptical team aboard a rescue ship. When asked if she knew where the necklace was, Rose Calvert recalled her memories of the Titanic, revealing for the first time that she was Rose Dewett Pocater. In 1912, 17-year-old Rose installed the ship with her fiancé, Cal Kelly and her mother Ruth DeWitt Pocater, both emphasizing the importance of Rosal Baccal's association because marriage would mean eliminating the debts of Phuket: although they had the upper-class exterior, Rose Her mother has collapsed financially. Disappointed and frustrated by her participation in the dominant Cal and her mother's pressure on her to get married, Rose attempts suicide by jumping from behind. Before jumping, an artist named Jack Dawson intervenes. Jack and Rose are in an initial friendship because they thank him for saving her life, sharing stories about his adventures while traveling and drawing; their relationship deepens when they leave a formal first-class rich dinner to build descriptions for a more lively dance, music and Irish beer class. But after Cal's server tells him where Rose is, he prevents Rose from seeing Jack again. However, after seeing a woman who encourages her seven-year-old daughter to act like an "appropriate lady" in tea, Rose challenges her and her mother, and asks Jack to paint her nakedness and wear only the heart of the ocean. From Cal. After a beautiful moment together in the first pleasant time of the back seat, they go to the deck. <br /> <br /> Then they witness the collision of the deadly ship with an iceberg. After hearing the observatory of the ship discussing the seriousness of the collision, Rose told Jack that they should warn her mother and Cal. Meanwhile, Cal discovers naked Rose and her funny observation in his secretariat, so Jack puts Jack's tires to steal the heart of the ocean by planting lovejoy in Jack's pocket. When Cal learns to leave Jack to die under the deck, Rose escapes him and her mother to save him. Jack and Rose return to the top deck. Cal and Jack, despite the enemies, both wanted a safe Rose, so they convinced her to ride a lifeboat. But after realizing that she can not leave Jack, Rose jumps again on board the ship and meets Jack in the first-class ship drawer. Jack and Rose return to the upper deck, the lifeboats have gone, and the ship finally lands in the frozen Atlantic Ocean with Jack and Rose. <br /> <br /> Is Titanic up to noise? I still say this is a great movie to watch, I think there were still a few crazies who wanted to smash the movie for some reason because it won many awards and everyone was in love with the movie. But it has a wonderful effect, amazing effects, a well written story and still looks flawless. Love it or hate it, you have to admit that this movie did not get much noise just because the face of the child Leo or Kate's amazing ability to cry on the horizon, this film is something special. I will always keep a special place in my heart, and I have also seen that I watched this movie 8 times in the theater when it was released. But all this aside, I recommend this film, it is a wonderful film and I will certainly go to the classic cinema one day. <br /> <br /> 10/10
