The ELEPHANT WALK may not be the climax of literature or film, but it is a wonderful entertainment in a semi-melodramatic situation. It is the story of love, whether real or illegal, in addition to the intense ambition, sincerity and arrogance of personal tyranny. John Mancin, a former reviewer, wonders why the main focus of the film, the Elephant Walk, should have been built by the former owner, the late "Governor" Tom Wiley, directly across the traditional elephant track to the main specialty. Water source, river. To miss this point is to lose essentially the whole center of the film: human arrogance. That his son, played by Peter Finch, must be fascinated by the images and mystery of his father's superior, is not unexpected, because the son was without a mother grew up in a foreign forest with his father and his friendly sons only. "Club" as his role model. The father's point of view was that he was an inanimate man who tamed nature according to his wishes, and that admiration was not just a tea farm on land once dominated by elephants, but also dominated by the great bull elephant that led the herd and thus dominated his son and all of the Around him, and so we join the story after elephants were deprived of the critical dry season to get their way to the water. Who can know that this dry season will last for a long time and what elephants will do in desperation to get water? This is the film's link: What will animals do to get water? What will humans do to gain power or love? Ceylon, Sri Lanka today, is a huge island off the coast of India where the farm is located and one quickly learns that it is the real scene of the story, not just the expenses of Miss Taylor. Were it not for this strange site (a large part of the film was filmed in Ceylon), this wonderful "bungalow" was just another bowl. One must recognize the atmosphere created here as an integral part of time and space, as it illuminates the wealth and power of the last day of British "invaders" who were an integral part of British opinion. This wealth gained only through the use of virtual slave work is one in which one can build up a splendid establishment of ebony, teak and marble. Should not be ignored, the beautifully carved Jalees (network framework and entrance boundaries) was clearly identified by the arts directors J. McMillan Johnson and Hal Pereira, who were obviously made by cheap labor on the island. This skill reveals the meticulous attention to detail sought by these men. <br /> <br /> For those who enjoy immunity from facts in time, space and architecture, there is always the attraction of Miss Taylor, where she marries a man who was not really known and another man tacitly imposes, under the prescribed background, and under total tyranny For the legacy of the deceased man. As I said, it is not a great literature, not even a great film, but it is a wonderful sight long before this term was exposed to the shattering through the special influences that characterize today. <br /> <br /> This is one of those movies that was designed to be seen on the giant outdoor screen, not on home TV, so arrange the biggest screen to see it assesses the camera and its range.
