Scott Bartlett 'OffOn' is nine minutes of sheer madness. It is a frontal attack full of flashing lights and flashing colors that cause epilepsy and pulse, the first real fusion of film and video in modern cinema. There is no story to talk about, but Bartlett uses nature pictures ?? Especially the human face and shape ?? To provoke a series of emotional reactions, integrating these biological phenomena into the form of highly industrial technology. In a sense, the film represents the integration of humanity in its tools, machines and technology. This topic is loosely associated with the sub-plot of HAL9000 in the 2001 book "A Space Odyssey (1968) by Stanley Kubrick" and, indeed, Bartlett's opening sequence of images? Flashing colors before the human eye close up? He remembers Dave Bowman's journey through Stargate. The visual images are rich in color, a combination of sharp, vibrant photography and increasingly popular video clips, as if we were sitting near the TV screen (in fact, the final product was recorded from a TV screen). <br /> <br /> There seems to be some confusion about the film's release date. IMDb lists the film as the 1972 version, but both the National Film Registry and the National Film Preservation Foundation give 1968 the correct year. This contrast may reflect the time between the completion of the film and its first public appearance. In both cases, the visuals are clearly ahead of time, sometimes reminiscent of a music video in the 1980s, and some fast music did not disappear, either! OffOn captures images that are granular and fragmented, and presents life from a distorted perspective to a computer that handles a lot of information. I had an idea ?? And please do not laugh at this free interpretation ?? That an extraterrestrial civilization that picks up terrestrial television signals may receive such alien documents separate from human life, a strange montage of images that are mysteriously familiar and can not have any coherent meaning. Perhaps this is where humanity, with all its technology, eventually turns towards irreversible integration of film and video, of purity and artifice.
