Directed by Govind Nehalani, a specific police film for Indian cinema. May be the first person to portray the blatant reality of corruption in the police and political force without restrictions, and how it affects a young policeman. A man forced to join a police career by his policeman father. Agreed that we grew up watching a lot of good cop / cop movies but that's different. Today's generation, which grew up watching dark and realistic movies such as "Satya", may be considered the "company" the least product compared but look at the time of its manufacture. The film was produced in an unprecedented manner while people did not pay much attention to this kind of cinema, yet it became the most popular film later in the public and audience when it was released. For Om Puri, his first achievement in mainstream Indian cinema, he performed exceptionally well as a Velankar inspector. In more than a policeman figure, he absorbed a lot and he is original in acting. Watch the scenes with his father who hates and Smita who loves. Samita Patel maintained her dignity to the expected level. Oh my God, what natural expressions she carried !!! Shafi Inamdar has really been a discovery for me, and he is a wonderful representative of personality if he has the opportunity here in some of the scenes even beat by Om. The film is also the debut of the promising villain on Indian screen - Sadashiv Amrapurkar as "Rama Shetty". It's another story that he did not get such a deadly role and almost forgotten him as one of the loud villains of B Dharmendra motion movies. Saw the scene in which he became his father's first rebellion (played by Amrich Bory) and shared wine together. How the inner truth began to reveal to both the personal face with the feelings of love and hatred to each other. Two faces of the Indian police force - masculinity and helplessness, and lying - half truth (land Satya land)? Glory to the touch of Nahalani. The film won two national awards as Best Indian Feature Film and Best Actor - Om Puri and 3 Filmfare Awards in Best Film, Best Director and Best Supporting Actor. <br /> <br /> Recommended for all those who are nostalgic for serious Hindi movies. <br /> <br /> Ratings - 8/10
