The Shinjuku Triad Society, though perfect, is a highly convincing film of what it is trying to portray in its traditional, traditional world. It is a yakuza / triad image, including cops for Japanese and / or Chinese gangsters (mostly Chinese, as the title suggests), but even in its first "technique" Takashi Miike already has many aspects of the films he will make from here onward . Social issues such as the circulation of precious commodities on the black market, in which case human organs are usually children; nostalgia for childhood and the roots of the individual, which prevailed especially in the deceased or alive; 2) clapping in taboos such as homosexuality, Against women; bloody violence. Sure, it's not as surreal as some of the latest Miike movies, but it's expected because he's trying to try things he's just begun to learn, after a track record of live video programmers. She has all these qualities, and she too, like the movies she will follow, wild and heartless, crazy (in situ) and captivating in her drama, and solid for lovers of genre. <br /> <br /> The story concerns two brothers, one a Japanese orphan who grew up in Japan, and Kippei Shiina, a very respectable hero / hero of East East, who became a magistrate and the other became a gangster or one. The main grabbing gang of Wang (the specific pun of the gang in her spare time, played by Tomoro Taguchi as a typical Kawaku with real horror in his eyes), and his partner Karino (Takeshi Caesar, who threatens even when the will repeatedly repeats a woman who has just come out After a sour cream deal), a tough sort that pops up in an almost Miike movie. There are some conspiracies involving the scheme of organ trade with gangs, in which Kerria became her victim almost, and the gang's tendency to have gay sex - at least with a small doll and one of the species that do whatever it wants the main gangs. All this leads to revenge and salvation, qualities that Mickey and her writer try to imitate from Shakespeare (hence the bit of Macbeth with Wash Wang hangs over and over again after practicing some gay sex saying "it will not explode"). <br /> <br /> If he does not add up to the same emotional level of influence that Shakespeare's brilliant play will play, it will be equal to such a film. The goals of Miike, although they have just been achieved, are fulfilled in his low ambitions: a picture of a gang with some added levels of cruel family trouble (the main tension between the brothers coming out of the profession and the duty of the parents), notes the harshest aspects of crime in the world of crime, Non-critical sex, with both sexes, stands out psychologically in characters. At the same time, the Shinjuku Triad Society also includes more than a few moments of the brilliant black comedy of Miike oeuvre. Some of them should be taken only with a grain of salt for what the director does in his system, such as deciding at first with a shattering of the chair on his face, or randomizing to "questioning" because he moves a largely crooked area. There is even a line laughing out loud from the young young man after finishing work on one of the leaders: "Thank you, Mr. Winnie-Burger." Miike and his writer do not have enough here to make a dark comedy movie complete like the Ichi, or of course the Q Visitor, but there is enough to fetch some proper levers for the dark sides of the story and characters. <br /> <br /> As the first entrance to the trilogy of the "Black Community", as it is called, I was very touched, a quasi-wonderful card from one of the most mad artists in contemporary cinema.
