Stargate SG-1 follows and expands the Egyptian legends presented in Stargate. In the world of Stargate, humans were enslaved and transported to habitable planets by the Goa'uld like Ra and Apophis. For thousands of years, Golod has reaped humanity, greatly influencing and spreading human cultures. As a result, there are cultures of the Earth such as the cultures of the Aztecs, Mayans, British, Norse, Mongols, Moroccans and Romans throughout the planets known to be viable in the galaxy. Many known mythological sites such as Avalon, Camelot, and Atlantis were found, or were present at one time. <br /> <br /> At present, Stargate Earth (located at a drilling site near Giza in 1928) is located at a very secret US military base known as the Stargate Command (SGC) under Mount Cheyenne. Colonel Jack O'Neill (Anderson), Dr. Daniel Jackson (Shanks), Captain Samantha Carter (Tapping) and Telek (Judge) formed the original SG-1 team (a few personalities join and / or leave the team in later seasons). Along with 24 other teams of SG teams, are venturing into the distant galactic planets and searching for defenses from Goa'uld, in forms of technology and alliances with advanced friendly races. <br /> <br /> The parasitic Go'uld used advanced technology to portray themselves as Egyptian gods, determined to conquer Hungarian and eternal worship. Throughout the first eight seasons, the Goa'uld are the main adversaries. It is a race for exotic parasites that do not resemble snakes and are flawless and capable of invading and controlling the bodies of other species, including humans. The original arch enemy of this race was Lord Apophys (Peter Williams). Other regime masters, such as Baal and Anubis, play pivotal roles in later seasons. In the ninth season a new villain appears, Ory. The Orient is a sophisticated organism with technology that can not be understood from another galaxy, also designed for Hungarian conquest and eternal worship. The introduction of the East with the departure from the primary focus on Egyptian legends is accompanied to explore the myths of Arthur surrounding Uri, their followers, and their enemies? The Ancients.
