A man and his wife in a terrible car accident. When the wife is left in a fixed vegetative state, the man must choose between pulling the plug and letting him live. The decision becomes more difficult when he realizes that his ghost wants revenge from him and those around him. <br /> <br /> This comes to us from director Rob Schmidt, who made a "Wrong Cycle" (a film I have not seen). With only one horror film under his belt, not a particularly notorious film in it, I was a little hesitant to watch this episode, and I expect Schmidt to be the "master of terror" in the most liberal sense only. I apologize to him for my appreciation. As of Episode 10 in Episode 13 season, this was actually the best of its kind so far. <br /> <br /> The "right to die" issue is covered and covered in sufficient detail to be a solid device. However, this is the basis for the story. Once the horror elements appear, the movie moves from "decent" to "stunning". Great representation, big conspiracy, great dialogue, great suspense. I was a bit of crawling at times (which is good) and most of all: that bull is very prolific! I read a review of this episode before watching it, where the reviewer said there is a strong hint of "Hellraiser" in this. During the first part of the show, I had no idea what they were talking about. Then there's a little later, as some pictures remind me of "Hellraiser 2". However, I would not in any way say that this is far from the film. I can not see another way to create the effect that was created, and in my opinion, this looks significantly better than "Hellraiser 2". <br /> <br /> Some chart rolls appear later, and the viewer may be invited to give the film a second look. I did not see it for the second time, but I think the beginning would be more logical if I had (not confusing). The sub-chart with the dental hygienist is also nice and I found myself back and forth about whether I hated the main character for his relationship with her or if I felt bad for him. It is somewhat hostile to the whole story, if you like. I feel that I am more inclined to encourage him as a protagonist, but he is completely unpopular. <br /> <br /> While the Stuart Gordon episode may be better and I'm excited about the Washington episode, I think I bet safely that this is the main episode of this season and by far the grace of saving what was hateful and routine. When myths like John Carpenter fail me again, I feel a little worried about the future of this kind, but then comes a new face like Rob Schmidt and gives me hope. This goalkeeper, please re-Schmidt for the third season!
