I'm not quite sure that Rob Schmidt is qualified to be a Master in this kind of horror, because he has already directed one of the horror films called "Wrong Turn" and that this film was actually slightly above average, but the fact is that Made with "The Right to Die" is one of the best and finest episodes of the entire second season of the Masters of Horror franchise. There was a similar story in the first season, when William Malone filmed Best Episodes with The Fair Herald, although his long feature films Fear Dot Com and House on Haunted Hill were soaked. <br /> <br /> The story of "The Right to Die" brilliantly tells the story of the intense social debate about euthanasia, but fortunately also features many old-fashioned horror themes such as vengeance, deadly plots and comic black humor. While driving home late one night and discussing the constant adultery of the husband, the couple participates in Addison in a terrible car accident. Cliff walks away from the wreck without being hurt, but his wife Abby is completely burned and needs to remain artificially alive. While Cliff and his lawyers (Corbin Berenson of The Dentist) want to plug the plug and sue the car builder, my mother is doing a huge media campaign to keep her daughter alive as vegetables and blame everything on Cliff. At the same time, Abe's abhorrent spirit takes revenge and kills someone in the vicinity of Cliff whenever she has a near fatal experience with medical devices. After a few victims, Clive realizes that it may be safer for him to keep his wife alive if he wants to survive as well. "The Right to Die" is a huge episode and kind of thing that I've always hoped to see through a television series like "Masters of Horror." It is violent and enduring with a sick and twisted sense of humor and a lot of rotten sequences. The subject of euthanasia and the full media circus that surrounds it is addressed very well, but without undue reference to political views or moral lessons. The weather is fishy and the killing sequence is bad and annoying appropriately. Actress Julia Anderson and Robin Sydney have impressive, attractive and attractive shelves, which are always a welcome feature, and Corbin Birensen was finally given a chance once again to portray a lively and selfish bastard. A great "Ministry of Health" episode; certainly one of the highlights of the seasons.
