The Masters of Horror: Right to Die begins late one night while the married couple Abby (Julia Anderson) and Ciff Addison (Martin Donovan) drive home, but Cliff and Cliff collide with a tree that fell across the road. The Cliff airbag works fine, walking away with minor injuries, unfortunately for Abe, not finished, and ended up as a toast when it was thrown out of the car and flooded with gasoline, setting the whole body on fire. Abby's life is saved, only. They are transported to the hospital where they work to support seriously injured lives and badly maimed burns. Clive decides she must die, and his selfish lawyer Era (Corbin Birsen) believes they should leave Abby dead and prosecute the manufacturer of wealth, while Mama Abe Bam (Linda Sorenson) wants to blame Cliff, get rich and save Abby. Although Abby has other plans of her own ... <br /> <br /> This American-Canadian production was produced by Rob Schmidt (who was the only horror film that was previously Wrong Turn (2003) "Episode 9 of Season 2 of the Masters of Horror TV series, while I did not think Right to Die was the best Masters of Horror episode I've seen, I think it was a decent enough effort, yet still close to being bad Such as The Screwfly Solution (2006). The script written by John Esposito contains an elegant central idea that is not new, but it is used effectively, although I say it is somewhat uneven, with the first 15 minutes focusing on the element of horror in the story but then going into a 20-minute lull Where it becomes a drama where the legal debate about Abby's life and the case takes Cliff center stage before returning to its proper course to its twisted, twisted, potentially heartless peak. The character is a little cliché, the weak man, the charged lawyer, the protector mother, the young girl having sex to get what she wants, but they serve their purpose well enough, the dialogue is fine, the story moves at a nice pace and generally loved the right to die apart from A few minutes here and there where he loses his concentration a bit and I was not keen on the mysterious end. <br /> <br /> Director Schmidt does a good job & there are some effective scenes, and this tries to rotate between a low-key nervous atmosphere and blood and injustice. There are some wonderful special make-up effects as usual, and there are shots of Abby where all her skin is burned from her body and her tacit head image with her teeth appears because she has no very beautiful left lips (the pictures and makeup effects that reminded me of similar scenes in Hellraiser (1987) In the end, Cliff literally paints a person completely with clips by scribes to cut, open, and remove the skin. Muscles and put them in a cooler box! Very messy. There are also various diverse body parts. There is some nudity here too, with some pretty ladies at least naked ... <br /> <br /> Technically, the right to death is excellent, the special effects are great and because most Masters of Horror episodes do not sound like cheap TV shows, Which is if the truth is told correctly. The acting was good, but there were no great "names" in that name. <br /> <br /> Right to Die is a very interesting and exciting Masters of Horror episode most horror horror must surely check if not just for the spectacular skinning scene! Worth seeing ... for people with stomach.
