It's amazing that from a good film, but not great, was introduced in the early 1990s, a full franchise could grow. "Stargate SGS 1 is undoubtedly a worthy addition to science fiction and has the right to stand alongside Star Trek as science fiction. <br /> <br /> Follow-up on the 1994 Stargate long film , The series sees that the Stargate Command finds that the stargate system can be used to travel to different planets across the galaxy and beyond. The Army has created a number of teams to detect. SG1 is one of these teams, headed by veteran Colonel Jack O'Neill, Daniel Jackson, the military world captain Samantha Carter and the foreigner Telek, who betrayed the leaders of the overlord in the hope of unleashing the mystery One day it will soon turn the earth into an enemy of Goa'uld, a parasitic race that uses humans as hosts and believes they are equal to the gods. <br /> <br /> The first-class crew has a lot to congratulate on this show Richard Dean Anderson is as perfect as the cynical and cynical O'Neal, who can transform from childish to deadly in the blink of an eye. Michael Shanks, as Daniel, brings a heart and will from steel to personality, which grew from a wide-eyed innocence to a darker, . Amanda Tapping, like Carter, has mastered the balance between portraying the femininity of her character without including the fact that she is a strong and intelligent military scientist. Christopher Goodg is as excellent as the tulip in isolation, and he is able to portray the emotions of the person with skill. Don S. Davis is as perfect as the respected Major Hammond, who leads a good balance between integrity and firmness. <br /> <br /> Almost all episodes are involved and intelligently portrayed, reflecting the moral dilemmas as well as the friction between military interests and civic beliefs (often shown by the arguments between O'Neill and Jackson). Guest characters are photographed in a solid way and the story brackets are treated in a way that viewers can not bear. Study Group 1 also excels in humor, from O'Neill's episodes to exotic and exotic episodes! Study Group 1 has everything from drama to romance to suspense to scenes of tragic death. It's not just an excellent science show but an excellent overall show.
