Tim Krabi is the author of "Hit Goodnight Eye," a novel that has been on screen twice ("Sporulus" and "Fading"). One of the Dutch author's latest works is "De Grot," an exciting film about two very different men, Egon and Axel, who met at a youth camp and became sufficiently surprised to be friends of dear life. Ejon is a quiet, somewhat boring person who spends his time studying and writing geography books. Axel, on the other hand, is an "animal animal" with an attractive personality, a criminal who drinks wine and is interested every day in bringing a woman into his bedroom. From the moment they meet, Axel has a strong influence on Egon, while the latter envies him for having a good life without doing anything (eg reading thick books like egon); in the end, dragged by Igon into illegal practices himself, To the transfer of deadly drugs in a distant Asian country. <br /> <br /> After reading the book last year, I was surprised that the critics were very positive about it. In my opinion, the book suffers particularly from the complex structure. While Krabbe presents the story as an absorbing image of an unusual relationship between two people, the plot becomes more than a mystery: the many episodes are not shown in chronological order, so that two consecutive scenes are rarely shown in the same episode. For this reason, the story seems amazingly distant: you often need to know the background of the personality to really care about it. Another complaint was the fact that the main characters, Egon and Axel, were a bit typical. Ejon is a dull thinker, while Axel is the opposite of him. In real life, there are seldom such unidimensional people; in books and movies, they always seem to exist, taking a lot of credibility. <br /> <br /> Despite all this, the film was pleasantly surprised, being much better than the book. This adaptation is better in fine cinema, humor and acting: Fedja van Huet (Egon) is one of the few Dutch actors who can forget that he is acting (which in my opinion is the highest representative he can achieve). However, the disadvantages of the film are the same disadvantages of the book: since the characters are essentially one-dimensional, so predictable that they are disturbing. Guess who wrote the script? In fact, Krabi himself. It is clear that this talented director (as the film illustrates in any case) is hampered by a scenario of shortcomings. Perhaps Kulhoffen should have chosen a better book. <br /> <br /> 7/10
