Rumors are an unforgettable entry in the war-time series of educational cartoons entitled "Private Snafu". The films were directed to the soldiers, directed, moved and recorded by some of the best talent from Warner Bros. "Termite Terrace, including Friz Freleng, Chuck Jones and Carl Stalling." Mel Blanc provided invaluable Snafu voice, For many films by Theodore Giselle, Dr. Suss, the idea was to convey basic concepts in humor and vivid images, using Snafu as an ideal negative example: The drug, the little thing that does everything, is not supposed to do. , Pentagon officials had to approve the scripts, but military officers also allowed The animators have an extraordinary amount of freedom with regard to the language and loud jokes, and certainly more than the theatrical control over time will allow - all for the greater good, of course. <br /> <br /> As the title indicates, this cartoon is an example The Snafu soldier sits next to another soldier in the toilet (something you will not see in any other Hollywood movies in that era) and their informal conversation begins with the ball. We note that the corrupt statement about the bombing is misinterpreted, then exaggerated, and then turned into increasingly frightening rumors sweeping the camp. The images are actually vivid: the brain of one of the anxious soldiers is depicted as a falling pot, while the other's frantic speech is a warm, steamy air, a "balloon juice". A soldier "shoots his mouth", similar to a cannon, before you know that the actual nonsense is flying in every direction. Winged nonsense, in it. The terrified soldiers tell each other that the Brooklyn Bridge has been crushed, the Kony Island cleared, enemy troops landed in the White House garden, and the Japanese in California. The images became more surreal and nightmares until the quarantine of the camp was eventually isolated from "Rumor-itis" and Snafu was imprisoned in a padded cell. <br /> <br /> This is very effective. The filmmakers have detailed their theme with amazing intelligence and energy, and the message remains valid. In recent years, we have seen that catastrophic events (real or imaginary) can generate all sorts of wild rumors that are spreading more rapidly than ever thanks to the progress of communications. Because the technology has improved, your Snafus in our time is able to broadcast their balloon juice via email, cell phones and blogs. Rumors, therefore, are a rare example of a wartime instructional film that does not feel its basic message of history; in fact, it may be more time than ever before.
