If any film stands out strongly with actors' acting skills, this may be the film. I have never seen talk about dialogues this harsh way, but I have a strong feeling. The film was disturbing in moments. However, the film was terrible in editing. The film tries to walk the commercial route by adding comedy and songs, but they feel they are out of place. Such as Charisma being beaten, and at the same time battling SRK (comedy) with police officers. The song Ishq Kamina was misplaced. Moreover, the film is very bright at first. It was not a bad trend, but certainly no one could boast of it. <br /> <br /> I must say that the representatives were chosen very wisely. Without them, this film will not have an impact. Karisma Kapoor gave her best role so far, and this looks very good in her record after Zubaida and Fez. It looks beautiful in the first half, and I have never seen an actress shout out of passion and anger as well. The ironiest thing is that this is perhaps the weakest role written so far. Nana Patikar was excellent as her father. There is not much to say about him, besides this role he has done. Deepti Naval was an excellent father-in-law, especially in her last scene. Although she does not have much to say, her facial expressions and body language were good. Another good performance was the little boy. It was wonderful, and certainly brings tears to the viewer's eyes. The film may have been desperately saved from their performance. Sanjay Kapoor was fine, but he did not have much to do. Shahrukh Khan was lost in his bad boy role. <br /> <br /> The only thing that brought the audience to the stage was Ishq Kamina. Shooting the song and dance is perfect for the raw words of the song. A crazy crazy boy. However, the song belonged to another film just because it came at the worst moment of all. People may have come to the movie for Aish, but they will not boast about it much later. Hum Tum Miley was walking right, but he seemed to be pulling out because the amazing mood was leaving throughout the film. Dhamo Bhaghi was boring and nothing to rave about. Dil Ne Pukara is too boring for the song to get a movie mood. Despite the poor liberalization, performances alone make it a must.
