She was a strong figure directed towards women after a long time, director Krishna Vames Shakti The Power, Disney version of the Hollywood films "Nun Bella My daughter" is the first production of actress Sridive. A story about the battle of a woman against cruel injustice. <br /> <br /> The story is about Nandini (Charisma Kapoor), who lives in Canada with her two cousins ​​(Tiko Talsania, Jaspal Bhatti). There she meets Shekhar (Sanjay Kapoor), is in fine and will soon marry. Their family is completed when Nandini is born, Master Jai Gidwani. But their happiness did not last long, because the news of Sheikhar's sick mother (Deepti Naval) makes them leave their ideal lives in Canada and come to India. That's when problems start. From the moment they reach <br /> <br />, they are both shocked to see the pollution and the huge crowds of people everywhere. They take a crowded train to reach the village of Shekhar and when they finally arrive at the station, they have to take a long bus to his village. The dirty dirty bus with the uncertain terrain makes it an engine that never ends. Unfortunately for them, a rabid mob attacked Shekhar in form without any attack on their bus. Fortunately, they are shot dead in time before they can hurt him. Afterwards, they drive to Havel, home to Shikhar's father, Narasimha (Nana Battikar) with his wife (Deppi Naval). Nandani realized that her mother-in-law was in command as soon as she entered the place, but her only consolation was the warm welcome of her mother-in-law. <br /> <br /> When she lives there, Nandini learns about her father. In the laws of tyrant behavior he realizes that brutal killing is a way of life for him. On the day her husband's father teaches her son to throw a grenade, lose it and attack it, insisting on Shekhar to return to Canada. But once again, terrorism kills Shikhar, leaving Nandini alone with her son in this strange land, where she is raised by her father's cruel father. Her battle against this man to save her son is the culmination of this deadly emotional film. <br /> <br /> What distinguishes Shakti from most of the films that are produced late is also the rural setting of the film. The only drawback is the music of Ismail Darbar, who failed to rise above the text. The only saving grace is the exciting element number Ishq Kameena, written by Anu Malik. Another novel comes from the director because he has produced some great performances from his crew. Charisma Kapoor is the life of the film and has provided moving performance as an impotent mother. She is sure to win prizes for this hot photography. The second actor is Nana Batkar who returned with this film. His nonverbal actions fit him to the maximum and he has demonstrated tact once again with this role. Sanjay Kapoor is the sudden beam of the film with an honest and effective portrayal standing against both other actors. Deepti Naval is also at its best, and its confrontation with PR-climax with Nana is commendable. Shahrukh's veil provides lighter moments and has certainly been pulled to get the required value for the star. Although his role was not really required, he did a good job. In general, Shakti's film is a more distinguished film these days, and this kind of Pr-release noise is sure to have a good idea. Certainly Shakti will make critics and the public rise. So what if the film needs to be desperately cut by at least two rollers to improve the effect. Shakti still has the ability to continue without a hitch!
