The beauty of this film is reflected in the great image of maternal love power, extraordinary performances, steady implementation and completely innovative text. The film tells the story of an Indian woman, Nandini, who lives in Canada with her husband Shekhar and the young boy Raja. Suddenly her husband told her that his family in India (which she did not even know) was in trouble and the couple were rushing to India. When they arrive at the village, Nanadini is shocked and horrified to witness a very brutal rural culture. The Shekhar family, ruled by its cruel and very silly father, lives in a poor and very violent way of killing and terror, where women are subject and miraculous. Nandini begins to annoy Shekhar to return home, but he is quickly killed by his father's enemies. When she wants to leave, Narasimha refuses to let her go back to India. Here begins the intense struggle that can be called "Nandini vs. Narasimha". <br /> <br /> India is not presented in a particularly positive light in this film, but it shows only a very small minority of its rural areas, so it may be true. In my view, the picture is fair and not unilateral, because the positive aspect is also presented to some extent. Such a horrible scene can be shown in a film about any country in the world. Amazing sights, great music, and direction Krishna Vamshi powered by very effective cinematography and good editing. The only thing to notice is the amazing degree of background written by Ismail Darbar, it is beautiful. The characters are well defined although we see their bright and dark sides in different parts of the film. The film is realistically filmed all the time, the film flows well and forms a fun and somewhat entertaining hour. Her dialogues are fascinating and cleverly written, and although horrific actions can be very annoying at some points, many positive moments have managed to ease stress. <br /> <br /> The most important force in the film is the performances. Charisma Kapoor is breathtaking and very reasonable as Nandini. Her ability to balance weakness and unrestrained passion is simply unbelievable. She shows a lot of intensity and impulse and agitation and determination, such as the mother who wants to recover her son so that this little child seems to be her son. Her appearance during Nana Battikar's volcanic eruption shows us how to become the most basic female tiger when it comes to her child. After Fiza, this is its strongest performance. One of the greatest actors who have seen Indian cinema, Nana Battikar can not be described as Narasimha. He managed to be as naughty as Narasimha after admiring him as an actor. Patekar displays cruelty, ingenuity and even humanity with complete conviction. It is a nice. Another remarkable performance comes unexpectedly from India's most disdainful actress, Dippy Naval, who preaches her character perfectly. Sanjay Kapoor is just enough and Shahrukh Khan provides great comic relief. Anyway, you do not see Shakti - it could have been better, but she definitely has to watch it.
