On Sunday, July 27, 1997, the first episode of a new science fiction series called "Stargate SG-1" was broadcast on Showtime. The series begins with Stargate in 1994, starring Kurt Russell and James Spidar, and almost one year after the events filmed in the film. For ten seasons, she recounted the adventures and adventures of a daring team of explorers known as the SG-1. Originally, the film starred Richard Dean Anderson as Colonel Jack O'Neill (2), Michael Shanks as Daniel Jackson, Amanda Tabat as Captain Samantha Carter, Christopher Goodg as Telek and Don S Davis as Major General George S. Anderson. Hammond. For ten long years, we saw the team battle against Goa'uld, Replicators, Ori and many other aggressors. At the same time, they have formed alliances with Asgard, Tok'ra, the Jaffa rebels, the Nox, and Tollan. They have saved the world at least eight times over the years and never gave up, not even their claim of death. Sometimes not even at that time. <br /> <br /> As with all long series, there have been many changes made. Michael Shanks left the series in January 2002 at the end of his fifth season to expand his horizons as an actor. Daniel Jackson's successor as a resident archaeologist was Jonas Quinn, a foreigner from a country called Kelowna on the planet Langera, played by Corinne Nemek. However, Shanks returned at the beginning of the seventh season in June 2003 and left Nemec at the same time. Unfortunately, he made one more guest and his character was rarely mentioned afterwards. He left Don S. Davis serial at the end of season VII in March 2004 because he felt it was time for him to go. The original star of the show, probably the most popular actor, Richard Dean Anderson, starred in the series throughout the first eight seasons. His participation in the seventh and eighth seasons was significantly less than the previous chapters. He finally left SG-1 in March 2005 to spend more time with his six-year-old daughter. Jacques O'Neill was my favorite character in the series, and I never enjoyed the last two seasons as much as I enjoyed the previous episodes for that very reason. <br /> <br /> Season 9 represents a new era for the program. With the departure of her main actor and the defeat of the Goa'uld and Replicators in the eighth season, many fans felt that the series should come out of the top. Regardless, the series continued for another two years as Uri replaced Goa'uld as the main opponents of the series. Three new characters were brought to fill the gaps as they were and help to enter into this new invention. Ben Broder came as a pilot in the Air Force Southern Lt. Col. Cameron Mitchell, the new commander of SG-1. She started playing "Farscape", the beautiful Claudia Black, who plays a prominent role in the series as her owner, Valla Murr's refreshing, sexy and funny turnover, a former Goa'uld host and artist con from another planet. A frequent guest star during the eighth and ninth seasons, she joined the full-time team at the start of her tenth and final season. He was one of the legendary representatives of legendary Bo Bridges as Major General Hank Landry, the new commander of SGC and an old friend of Jack O'Neill and General Hammond. Over the past two years, they have starred alongside the authors of SG-1 (Michael Shanks, Amanda Tabing and Christopher Gadge) and have become valuable parts of Stargate's contributions and have made valuable contributions. , All good things must end. During the initial broadcast of many episodes of season 10, the ratings dropped dramatically, resulting in cancellation in August 2006. After ten seasons and 214 episodes, the dream finally ended. On March 13, 2007, what began as "sons of the gods" ended with "never ending." The final series of the first world premiere on Sky One in Britain and Ireland was screened before it was screened on Sci-Fi in the United States on June 22, 2007. <br /> <br /> In the ten years that the series passed through the air, hordes of fans, And even lost the science fiction series, Star Trek, in terms of popularity in some countries. It became the world's second-largest science fiction series, followed by Doctor Who (1963-1989) and the longest-running American science fiction series, The X-Files, just a few months before its end. <br /> <br /> Stargate SG-1 is the cornerstone of the Stargate franchise. In 2004, its success and popularity led to the production of a cross-section entitled "Stargate Atlantis", which was unfortunately canceled after five seasons and 100 episodes in August 2008. Although plans for another feature film are over, Stargate: The Ark of Truth "and" Stargate Continuum ", released in 2008, with more planned to be produced in the not-too-distant future. A third series of "Stargate Universe" will be screened at some point next year. (Unfortunately, there was an animated series, "Stargate Infinity", which lasted only from 2002 to 2003 but was, to say the least, better.) Although SG-1 and Atlantis are finished as a continuous string, the future of Stargate seems very bright indeed. <br /> <br /> In conclusion, while "Stargate" has not yet gained the same degree of popular recognition as other major TV franchises such as Star Trek and Dr. Ho, which are still relatively new compared to the two giants In science fiction, I have full confidence in it that it will last for many years to come.
