Bollywood drama is uneven. Charisma Kapoor is an Indian woman in Canada who marries a friend (Sanjay Kapoor), has a child, and then visits his family in India only to find that they are terrorist warlords. Drama and the tragedy that followed, the film becomes a kind of film "No Child". The film is impressive, and its few numbers of songs / dance do not care and needless, and the fact that the Bollywood song and dance is out of date because of the intensity of the drama of this film, at least once we leave the comfortable border of Canadian love ?? Although one number contains a wonderful character by the stunning Aishwarya Rai, it is provocative, if ultimately misplaced. Similarly, the inclusion of Bollywood star Shahrukh Khan as the lucky prize that helped Kapoor escape from the clutches of warlords transforms what was a very serious drama into a ridiculous farce, and goes back only to his feet. When is his character ?? And his fantasies about the Rai music that generates her dance embossing? Are dispensed with. Detracts from his comic dialogue of the fragile book and the skillful scenes of his battle of the main drama sweeping the film. The cast is well supported by Nana Battikar as warlords, and the elegant Daphne Naval who was as wonderful as his long-suffering wife and who eventually chose to stand up against him in one of the best scenes of the film; Reto Shivpuri and Rajshi Solanki are also very good like my sister Sanjay in India, The eye candy is very pleasant. But Sanjay himself is terribly overpriced, especially during clear advertising campaigns. The output style of the writer / director Krishna and Amassi is dirty, riddled with harsh transformations and abrupt cut, although the camera movement is good. The underlining of music is also effective and moody, with a female vocal voice without a voice on a small orchestra ensemble (very bad if any of this made it a SHAKTI audio CD), but Bollywood has not yet discovered the value of including the score with the songs on their audio albums, At least not in most cases). But SHAKTI is a charisma film Kapoor, though, and the intensity of her performance as soon as the film turns to India contrasts beautifully with the gentle romance she has dealt with Sanjay in the initial Canadian scenes. Although much of the picture contrasts, Charisma's performance sells the film perfectly and reinforces its inconsistent measures. In a strange way, too, I found that the story is another story about the bragging kings that I noticed in the Golden Flower Course and Marie Antoinette, both of whom I saw just before, although SHAKTI of course is a completely different kind of film. But focus on the dysfunctional royal family? Here you live in austerity of terrorism-dominated poverty in India instead of the elegance of Versailles or the huge paranoia of the Chinese Tang Dynasty feudalism ?? Who seeks self-serving power corrupts many others and imposes an uprising of one kind or another provides the film with a notable subtitle.
