When a wealthy polar bear is killed in an airplane crash, his twin sister, Martha Craig (Madge Kennedy), does not think he snatched the controls in a suicide dives (although snuff runs in the family) but the three beautiful girls can not care less. The pilot, Jim Norton (John Brumfield), goes to work for Valerie Craig (Kathleen Hughes) who soon forced him to help control the legacy of her troubled sister, Lorna (Sarah Shin) and family lawyer (Jess Parker). Valerie of Norton wants to seduce Lorna when he does not overcome the progress of another sister, the Vicky trick (Marla English), but her plans are thrown at the tail of the curve when Norton falls because of his prey. All bets are parked as a world full of boredom - including corporate drives, temptations, suicides, blackmail, murder conspiracy, Mann's law, double cross, distortion and poetic justice - Craig Manor, a majestic palace on a sea-view trick. . <br /> <br /> This unfit kettle has been the second perfect feature of WRITTEN ON THE WIND, also since 1956. It was said that the epic of Douglas circus for a strong (and powerful) oil clan inspired the DALLAS night television series in the 1980s The past, but Craig's low-crazy trip seems completely free of the evil sister's soap, DYNASTY. All three brothers (one of them really bad) are wonderful lovers, but that is the role of villain in Kathleen Hughes' animation. Valerie is relentless in her quest to inherit family wealth and her unbridled enthusiasm for evil is one of the many pleasures of the film. Vickie's teenage sister is an integral part of the work, as Carmen Sternwood reminds us of the big sleep. When they first meet, the equivalent of trying to sit in Norton's lap is withdrawn while still standing by coming to the line "I graduated with honors from Empress-Impl." Whew! <br /> <br /> There are three bad rumors, produced by schlockmeister Howard W. Koch, a wonderful waste wall in surplus exploitation, and the film is B-Movie Heaven: Marla "She Creature" in English, John in the 1950s "Revenge of the creature" Brumfield (formerly married to French sex Corinne Calvette), world star Sarah Shin (discovered by Hedy Lamar), Jess "Mr. Susan Hayward" Parker, Kathleen "She came from outer space" Hughes, Madge Kennedy All they have - no matter how small or size they are. The future star in Eurotrac Brett Halsey (Trumpet of the Apocalypse) is briefly one of Vicky's victims. <br /> <br /> B-Movie rating: 10/10 Marla (English body) made great movies! Three bad rumors were recently seen on the big screen as part of the Palm Springs Film Festival Noir, but jury soap is still sweeping from ... aw hell, it's noir (5/10 on noirometer).
