Most of the images are destroyed by lethal Yeti due to lack of energy and enthusiasm. This is not the case, this wonderful game designed in Italy, bent and full of vitality and wonderful flavor: it is a wicked, mature and brutal marvel of a force that reaches a staggering illusion of excessive "hell" bread happening? "The extra bottle and the madness. The crew of the cargo ship discovers the 30-foot-long Yeti body that resembles the 1970's disco band (complete with the afro-afro) preserved in a large part of the ice. In a huge glass booth before you can say, "Oh, my makers Flam is clearly playing "King Kong", breaking our giant ungodly snow free of his cage, and grabbing the first lukewarm blond babe of European alopecia (the wonderful Phoenix grant) storms away with his love for a new lady. He returns to Yatta and is transferred to Toronto to be shown to an annoying audience. Of course, he divides himself again, arrests alopecia, and continues to trample the expected rampage around the city. <br /> <br /> The creative idiotic dialogue (linear form: "Philosophy has no place in science, professor"), and the special (unusual) effects (especially the horrible transparent blue screen and the melodious Tonka game) ), The strong (erroneous) direction, and the heavy scenario that even tries to cluelessly believe, "Are you a man or a monster?" All of the moral debate comes together to create one of the most ridiculous giant monsters that are always happy to be dazzled in an absurd way across the big screen. And better yet, we also have some unusual non-traditional touches to add the extra bad spices to the truly modern film drink: alopecia is accidentally cleaned against one of the ytti nipples, causing it to tighten and produce a big smile of approval from the rotten giant (!); Foxes nurse their hands The Yeti is injured while he is throwing goo-goo eyes on it while Alti breaks windows and feet while climbing a high-rise office building, while the angry man breaks the man's neck with his toes (!!). Overall, this unique and classic spiral ball that does not have to be hidden in the camp stands for a long time as a splendid monolith of infectious esophageal celluloid madness which is prominently worth a great underground cult.
