Here is another film that must be uploaded on a satellite and launched into space and directed towards Andromeda galaxy to show the distant potential civilizations the best in humanity. This film is stupidly coveted and unequivocally true to being more than a piece of the classic film KING KONG has been really bad since 1976 so that he can not only rise to this film in terms of inner laughter and inner laughter, but he predicted the success of many Peter Jackson computer cartoons The miserable 2005 has the same name, as far as "romance" between the giant (here and Yeti) and the wonderful human female (Antonello Interlenghi from the city of Lamberto Lamberto to the city of Lamberto, which is very easy on the eyes). <br /> <br /> The film has been produced for children, and aside from some hints about fish bones and an unusual nipple disc to say goodbye you can forget sex - even Yate has a kind of giant jock belt to cover up his brutal packings, the result was more amusing than its anatomical validity . But as a barter, you get a wacky old world, two curious children, Tony Kendall in a rare twist as a double duet for a villain, a clever clever cole who gets her own adventure (Dog Adventures was great in Europe for a while) and of course stands out as the hero in the end to save the Yetty, It turns out that the good man, the glorious things like the front loaders that were designed to look like the hands of a giant monkey, a monster whose size literally varies from shot to shot, some horribly inappropriate deaths that will make the carnage in GODZILLA VS THE SMOG MONSTER look like tame by comparison, Crowd reaction consists of a lot of Spanish additions or Italian or Canadian depending on the scene (you can kind of tell from where they were taking pictures of the way wear additives), and some of the most enthusiastic of special effects, but inefficient work in the film giant monkey. <br /> <br /> From here, the film won me: Enthusiasm just for being a ma da. Frank Kramer is actually the same as Gianfranco Parolini who brought the world to Sirteana in 1968 and GOD'S GUN a year ago and was a very important director in the film Spaghetti Western and the type of movement / adventure of 1960/1970. Maybe he was happy to get a job. I would like to say that this is his most adventurous film ever, or rather the film he has been given the most opportunities, and may feel more comfortable in exploiting these opportunities with the film directed at children and families. The film contains a kind of reckless abandonment of the way in which technical errors or contradictions were made absolutely meaningless. Or rather it is part of the fun, and if the film has been seriously screened it will not succeed - why the PETER JACKSON is fed exactly. <br /> <br /> He has forgotten to enjoy the material and allows it to dictate the result using his army of the stupid Power Macintosh pod people, and with all its flaws + clunkiness, Kramer's YETI is actually closer to the spirit of why we see such films, This is partly to see the actors in a monkey fit their shredding mini-sets on the sound stages, and the Bape clocks are smoothly moving and nothing but hard drive space. I would like to arrange this with King KONG VERSUS GODZILLA and IT! The Great Golime Curse as one of the most brutal and unwanted films ever made. Because the film looks "fake", you can get the story and enjoy watching things that are destroyed, trampled, thrown or smashed. Armed with a fervent enthusiasm to give him the chance to shoot the film, Parolini stepped out of all the stations and offered a complete physical adventure that might be a little difficult for some small tykes, but the first film I would ever share with grandchildren one day when their stupid parents left with me for a weekend. These are things that must be adhered to by ages and one of the most impressive human expressions of celluloid. <br /> <br /> 10/10, it takes about ten minutes, but who cares, only comes once better to come out with a smile on my face.
