This is one of the finest films that came out of the New Wave in Hong Kong and started with "ZU: Warriors of Magic Mountain" by Tsui Hark. He set out a tone for the New Wave approach to a martial arts film largely accepted by all new wave directors (Jackie Chan, Sammo Hong, Wong Jing, Ching Siew Tong, etc.) since then as a presenter; specifically, From now on it will need more than a touch of irony, if not a direct comedy. Putting "Burning Paradise" an end to all that, and revenge. <br /> <br /> It is not that there is no humor here; it is purely human humor, as is the case with the old Buddhist priest at first who somehow manages a quick sense of the countless young prostitute hiding in a bundle of hay . But this is the case of humans, not even Buddhist pastors can be saints all the time. <br /> <br /> When the irony is finally shown in the film, it becomes the worst, emanating from the "Red Lotus Temple", which studies pure nihilism like never before recorded in the film. It is the embodiment of Satan in Milton of Paradise Lost: "It is better to rule in hell than to serve in heaven!" If Satan can not get to the devil soon enough, he will turn the world around him into a living hell he can rule. <br /> <br /> This is the idea that highlights the brutal violence of many of the images here: Not only is Abbot wanting to kill people; he wants them to despair, to feel total despair, to accept nihilism as a universal truth. Thus, there is a definite feeling in the scenes of the Red Temple that there may be no other reality outside the temple itself - everything in the universe, and the Fathers, who claim to be the power of infinity, has become responsible. Of course, fortunately, the film does not end there. Although there are losses, the human will to be normal in the end is dominant. (If you want to know how, watch the movie!) However, no doubt we, when watching this movie, visit Hell. I hope that we will not see what is beyond us; but we certainly feel unhappy about the experience - and somehow better on everyone.
