I saw this when it first came to the video, my little sister got it as a gift and I was probably 12 years old at the time ... What came to mind was that there was no conflict in the middle of the film with many films, Get angry at each other because when the time comes to explain themselves, they do not say one thing you yell at on the screen would treat the whole deal, which is that anyone with a reasonable mind will know tell. This is what I like most in the film that I think, that the main characters do not mean things to each other in the middle of the road ... they are inseparable from each other, they grow only to love each other as the film continues. <br /> <br /> These two children cooperate, although they initially appear from opposite sides of the path, but they are different. Louis was really just a middle-class girl who needed to realize how lucky he was to have a loving family. Cecilia was a top-class girl who only needed to prove to her family that she was there and that she would miss her if she went. Anyway, I saw this movie posted on Hulu and I had to see it again ... Sure there are gaps in the drawing If you analyze the script neither, Woog and Dweeb should not take hot dogs because they were actually herbivores. Now, what detracts from the film is an unexpected scarcity. Young children under the age of 5 are likely to be afraid of the scenes with Dr. Scriquez. And adding it in the middle of the film (although it is blatantly clear in the first scene that it will appear) will be very surprising ... there should be a glimpse of his earlier film presentation, and perhaps showing it is not scary without the dinosaurs. I think he lacked any real real risk on the whole first half of the film, so it lacks a bit of continuity when it appears for the second half. <br /> <br /> Looking at the target audience, which I am now certain to be able to overlook the issues of movement and dialogue that do not come to mind ... I think I will give these factors too, and just enjoy the story. It's great for a child and it's still in your mind ... it makes you think a bit about how you deal with people and you have to review it every 10 years, I think.
