I'm not trying to take IMDb labels seriously, but I was shocked when I saw 5.4 for one of my childhood favorites. Do not impress me at the age of 17, but as a family film, this is a beautiful and well-intentioned film. Children will surely love her and will not care about the flaws, and adults can guess the actor behind each character and enjoy the camouflaged messages of the film. None of the film was preaching in any way, in fact he had a wonderful message added to his sweetness. Although I will admit that the story is on the high side, some scenes like the death of Scriquez (which still frightens me) may be a boy on the scary side. But the animation is much higher than the average with beautiful colors and good animation. The music of James Horner is very beautiful, and the distinctive song is memorable, attractive and entertaining. I really liked the characters, perhaps Louis was the most in-depth among them, but the dinosaurs were at least attractive. The clown Martin Short was both joyful and assertive, and the part in which he tells Screweyes "I've left!" I had the stitches. My favorite is Screweyes, an effective villain who is sly and I suppose he is clever. If there is anything, I hope that the film will remain in the part that explains how it lost its eye and why it is afraid of crows because in this way it could have been more sophisticated in terms of depth. The script, though not worth the Oscars, contains funny parts that give a sense of comfort, and must keep children and adults amusing. It was the voice of acting for me that made the film. John Goodman, Martin Short, Ray Perleman, Felicity Kendall and Yardley Smith have made strong performances, but one must especially mention Kenneth Mars because he was just as wonderful as Skrewiz and barely recognizable. All in all, this is a good film. I do not get rated, honestly I do not. This film is certainly not perfect, not as good as a dinosaur movie like Land Before Time, but it's fun. 7.5 / 10 Bethany Cox
