Wow, lots of reviews to experience demons here. Wonderful. My name is Steve and I run movies discovered. We've just started releasing Guinea Pig movies on DVD for North America. Now before you ask why write a review? Instead, ask why some people are ruined. I write this review because I like guinea pig movies. Why love em, because they go to the throat and do not leave. I've seen it all. Almost every horror film known to man, Argentinian, Folsi, Bava, Potigrite. From every underground cult fuss to all the Hollywood movies. I've seen everything and the movies that have hung in my head over the years have certainly been guinea pig movies. Why not try to hide the reason why we watch horror movies in the first place. This review is to experience demons. I find her free from the story that is fine. Why do I watch horror movies? So I can see blood and paper and torture people. The experience of demons not only provides but that's all it is. Pure violence. Yes, I love a story but sometimes I want to get Gore while the demons experience ten times as much. Why do people ruin it? Cause they love the story, so that torture and death can be hidden from the person behind the story. They make m feel better about themselves. We all want blood and gore. It is really hard to justify them if the story is not circumvented. Guinea Pig's films have a historical meaning, and have created a final splendor when released. <br /> <br /> I am pleased to be able to launch one of the most famous horror series in the world. Maybe I had not written this review but again maybe I should. My point of view is a biased reason they were released, but again it did not happen. I've always told people to find them and watch them before I start with the movies I've discovered. It's certainly exploitative and above all, but that's not why we watch horror movies in the first place. The experience of demons is not for everyone. It's for thrill seekers and only wounds. If you think Jason's films and Freddy Krueger movies are great, stick to them. But if you're on the next level and you've seen everything, the demons' experience suits you. There is a reason not to release them for more than 17 years. They are wrong and disgusting and they are in a terrible state and are nothing to watch with your mother, unless they are absolutely cold. Good luck, enjoy and never stop living in your life.
