I'm a big fan of movies where people deceive, and House of Games is almost the top of the kind of "movies that fool people". In short, it is an exceptional excitement that keeps you at the edge of your seat by providing exciting characters with many levels, never revealing the truth of what is happening, throwing so many twists and surprises to disturb what I have just seen. The film has the public's downsides on many occasions, and although we know it; it is still hard to guess where it is happening, and every development happens as a surprise. As we mentioned earlier, I am a big fan of serials in films and the plot of this person follows a psychiatrist who receives a large religious patient deserving of a gambler. She then goes to the gambler to try to help her patient, and in the way she is drawn to the art of reading people in order to get out of contests. <br /> <br /> House of Games breathes a relaxed atmosphere. Throughout, David Mamit has done a good job in creating his film at underground levels in the city. The film also works well, as all who care about life and credibility are concerned with their skill. Joe Mantegna plays the role of the monopolist in the heart of the film, and although his performance is little under his influence, he is always as strong and reasonable as the villain in this piece. Lindsay Kroes starred alongside her as a seductive psychologist, and again her role is believable. She may not be the greatest researcher, but at least she can act. However, the way in which the film is performed, is the main star in the show, and will undoubtedly be amazed at the multiple occasions on how to constantly manage the film to entice the viewer and deceive him. Sometimes, it seems as if we are in the midst of the movement and looted the crooks in the film. Another great thing about this film is how it shows the audience how to get rid of certain negatives, which is useful if you're interested in making $ 20, for example. All in all, House of Games is a truly thrilling first class trip.
