David Mammett wrote the script and first appeared in his book "House of Games," a personal study full of psychological expressions, where a psychologist is lured into the dark world of the game of trust. Margaret Ford (Lindsay Cross) has a successful practice and has written a best-selling novel, "Driven." However, she is somewhat dissatisfied with her personal life; there is a vacuum she can not define or define, and it prepares her weakness. When a patient, Billy Han (Steven Goldstein), confessed during a session that he owed large money to some gamblers and that they would kill him if he did not pay, she decided to intervene on his behalf. This takes her to the "House of Games", an unnatural small dive where he meets Mike (Joe Mantegna), a charismatic man who wastes time before seducing his world. Instead of the "twenty-five big" that Billy claimed to owe him, Mike presents it with his book, and turns out to be eight hundred dollars. Mike agrees to clear the clean board, if she agrees to do it for a simple one, including blackjack in the back room. In the middle of the big hand, Mike will leave the room for a few minutes; during his departure, her job is to monitor "tell" one of the other players. By this time, Margaret was not alone, but the audience was also hooked. The dialogue, the unique Mamet style and the precise rhythm with which his actors present their lines, is dazzling. As Mike Margaret leads through his full-fledged clinical world, and knows about the intricacies of the game of subscriptions, we are wounded with it. From that unforgettable first encounter, when "how" and how it works, to the lessons of "short deception," to the startling climax of this film, Mamet retains its relentless cracking relentlessly. Nothing seems. In the end, Margaret learns some hard lessons about life, human nature and about herself. It is changing and whether it is for the better, it is open to speculation. Mantegna is firmly in this film. It confers every possible difference to a complex personality you must be able to willingly lead you to the shadow, and do. Crouse also turns out to be a great performer here, feeling the intense turbulence rising beneath the calm, confident outer surface of himself, and when her experiences with Mike motivate her to change, she makes you feel deeply her penetration. It makes you believe that it can do what you do and make you understand it too. Dynamic support team includes Mike Nussbaum (Joey), Lilia Scala (Dr. Littauer), GT. Walsh (businessman), Ricky Jay (George) and William H. Messi (Sergeant Moran). "House of Games" is the ideal Mummy; he has written and directed a number of high-level plays and films ever since, and we will undoubtedly be honored with more in the future. But it will be the film that you set; you can go to the dictionary and search for it. You'll find it under "Perfect". This is a wonderful movie you do not want to miss. I rate this one 10/10.
