This is a good episode of The New Twilight Zone that already includes interesting ideas and smart stories (I noticed that both are based on short stories). "Examination Day" is determined in the future, which is unknown throughout the year, but at the point where they have cake candles light up themselves, "big-looking" television phones multiplied the number of other recreational devices and distributed only to those in a given era. On the day of the exam, 12-year-olds must be subject to the required intelligence test from the government. The child is the story, Dickie Jordan (David Mendenhall) is celebrating his twelfth birthday as a smart child, so he is calm, but he is eager to take the test that friends have seen pass easily and know he will outperform his school. His parents (Christopher Alport and Elizabeth Norment) say he should not have used his birthday wish to get a good grade, and while the reason for this is that they think he is capable and need not worry, they are obviously worried. I will not give up anything in the end, but I will say this - there is a point where we recognize what can be so great that the test becomes a very important subject: that evening (or else?) His parents ask Dicky whether he would rather watch television all night. According to today's standards, we are happy that he will say that he prefers reading, not only because there is nothing worth watching ... but why does his family ask for it? I was reminded of the flavor of what was encouraged and frustrated in the future by a bit of air from Harrison Bergenon (which I hear he did not get much adaptation with the screen). I just wish they had provided an opening and closing story to make this subject as strong as the old man. I found it better than the short story on which it was based. I did not read the letter that was based on a "letter from a charity," but I wanted it because it was exciting - a 16-year-old boy, Peter (Robert Duncan McNeill) who had a fever of unclean water, ... but he is able to see through the eyes of a young woman suffering from the same type of fever, Charity Payne, (Kerry Nunan) who also finds herself able to experience what is going on around him. Both are recovering, especially since it is common in 1985, but communication does not stop. She is intrigued by the scenes and sounds she makes in 1985 and enjoying each other, especially Peter, who promoted the grades in school enough to always feel alienated from other students, even at the college where he lived in one place. Things take an unexpected turn, however, when Charity reveals some of these experiences to a friend who claims that the 13 colonies will be violated by England as a sign of magic, added to the fact that she escaped death from fever (not very common in 1700). The two try to learn a way to save them. The end is sad but has an interesting final moment that makes it impressive. Both parts of this episode contain a lot of pain but in both cases, through a lesson / warning that looks like something that Rod Stirling has cooked and entertained, making the exhilarating viewing as a reminder that friendship, love and wisdom do a lot. Maybe 3/4 of this has no theme, but somehow I think everything has been approved by the sterling crew.
