Jim Carey returned to the same role he played in The Mask, a timid man who tries to move the world forward but seems to be suffering from bad luck. Even when he tries to help a homeless man get harassed by a handful of deceivers (and of course they must be Mexican, obviously), his good will toward his reactionary colleague is counterproductive. In this case, it was not very hard to predict that he was about to have a bunch of angry beavers, but I love that the film indicates that things like that should not be ignored. I remember Michael Moore's Fantastic Awful Truth, when they put a man on the pavement and pretended to die and saw who would actually stop and make sure he was fine. The results were not very promising, so it's good to see someone in movies is a good example. <br /> <br /> Jim Carey plays the role of Bruce Nolan, the gentle gentleman mentioned above and whose whole life seems to be falling away, in isolation, to the extent. Or even better, seems to explode due to bad luck strikes like an asteroid entering the atmosphere (a small metaphor that appears when Bruce miraculously finds himself a giant news story later in the film). Bruce is about 40 years old, and all he has to do is to be a news reporter of the kind who delivers exciting news, such as a local bakery that tries to bake the world's largest cookie. He is desperate to get a head anchor job on the television station, but loses his desire to broadcast live television when he hears that the job has gone to his fellow rival. You'll love the way the timing of this news was revealed to him seconds before his first live report. Needless to say, he loses his temper on direct television in one of the most extreme scenes of the entire film. <br /> <br /> Morgan Freeman presents a wonderful show like the man himself, showing a god whose infinite wisdom is reflected to some extent by Freeman's enormous talent as an actor. It is a kind of God who takes his job seriously, but in a way that advises his followers (as well as the viewers of this film) that there are times when you need to slow down and do some manual work in life. I like his plan that some of the happiest people in the world are returning home in the sky at the end of the day. There are many people in the world (perhaps more than our share in America) who are absorbed by their money, property, jobs and everything that they have lost completely from the natural aspect of themselves as human beings. <br /> <br /> One of the greatest strengths is that the film is able to offer great advice to people in general about improving their lives, and this message is clear and acceptable regardless of the religion of the viewer. I, for example, tend to reject organized religion in all its forms, and I see that God and the devil are metaphor for different aspects of nature and human psychology rather than real characters who lived or continued to live. But despite the fact that I do not believe that God exists as an entity that supervises the universe or a white-clad doorman, and scans the floors of his office in the center of the city in his spare time, I was able to appreciate the messages delivered in this film. <br /> <br /> Jim Carrey's films feature this remarkable development that connects them to each other and makes the latest ones look better just because you can see how far they are coming. If you compared Bruce Almighty to films such as Ace Ventura (both liked, by the way) or much of what he did before he entered the film, it is amazing how far he has come. From comedy to cheese, he moved from comedy to stunning comedies, such as Truman Shaw, Man On the Moon, and Majestic (one of his greatest films). Jim Carrey From a cheesy comedy of his past to becoming one of the most important comic actors who work today. <br /> <br /> Jennifer Aniston again provides an excellent addition to the film (as she did in the separate office space) as a friend of Bruce, who is increasingly harassing Bruce's growing pressure on his life as well as neglecting to ask her to marry him. Sure, there are some low comedies in the film that do not match the significance of the film's meaning or quality of delivery, such as the dog who reads the newspaper on the toilet and the scene of the entire monkeys, but it was certainly very nice to see a friend Spike's Ventura appearance veiled. As Stephen King knows well, it is always good to see familiar characters. It's almost like seeing the family again. <br /> <br /> Bruce has the powers of God for a certain period of time so he can understand life a little better, and says much about himself when he uses powers only for his own purposes and not to help all the people who reach him. The thing I like about this is, as I said before, that religion is absent from my life, but I was able to watch it and learn a lot about myself by thinking about the kinds of things I would do if I were given such powers. The film allows us to learn indirectly in this way, which enables the message more. <br /> <br /> The scenes involving the news station are most easily entertained in the entire film, such as the scene when Bruce loses his temper around the anchor site, the scene of Jimmy Hoffa (who was comfortably buried with an original birth certificate and a full set of dental records ), And the scene where Bruce's fellow rival was set up to work on the camera, and the favorites at the beginning and end involving the local bakery cooking. The film has plenty of time for Carrie to offer some excellent jokes, as he tells God (who reveals he is the doorman, the owner, the electrician, etc.) that Christmas parties should be really turbulent and be careful about drinking, ! I also loved the end when he said that behind every great man a woman rolled her eyes. A little true, as Gallagher adds, behind every great man is also his amazing father. <br /> <br /> Bruce Almighty is one of the most memorable and long-standing comedies, and he may be the only religious person I can remember seeing that I'm keen to buy on a DVD to add to my personal collection. It's a written comedy and tastefully executed, but with enough humor to keep children entertained. This comedy is meaningful to all members of the family, which has become more rare and rarer these days. In a world about to be whipped with another American pie and another scary film (which is scary just because of their extreme barbaric fervor), it's good to see that there are still people who make comedies worth watching. Do not miss this one.
