Given the title, it is clear that this first follow-up to QUARTET (1948) clearly reduces the number of W. Somerset Maugham stories that include the film. The author is still preparing to present the episodes, but there is no finale this time; by the way, while the original feed script gave a solo asset to R.C. Sheriff, here Mugam himself has extended his hand in adaptability, as well as Noel Langley (although it is unclear whether she contributed one piece or worked in perfect harmony). As expected, many QUARTET crews were retained for the second part - although this also extends to at least three members - Naunton Wayne, Wilfrid Hyde-White and Felix Aylmer (the latter containing bits in a quartet episode entitled " Lady Colonel "). While TRIO ultimately stands out as a lesser achievement than his predecessor (slightly unbalanced by the third story, which takes more than half of the runtime), he is still very cautious, acting vigorously by a star team and is strong in the deal. <br /> <br /> The film "The Verger" by Sexton tells the story of the James Hayter Church - the title of the story is another word - he was expelled after 17 years of service by the new parish priest (Michael Hordern) simply because he is my mother . Instead of resting on his glory, despite his age, not only is he accompanied by the wife (the landlady, played by Kathleen Harrison), but opens a tobacco store strategically located along a long road where such a service is not offered - , This was developed in full series. The last scene, then, is that he is visiting the director of the bank, Felix Elmer, who is not only surprised by his knowledge of the lack of education, but asks him to ask him about his other interests - to any wealthy (and respect) responses tobacconist, ironically, it was He has a call to be verger! <br /> <br /> The second episode, "Know-All," is the shortest and probably the most attractive: The journey into the sea is completely surrounded by the unbearable presence of the most noble young man (Nigel Patrick), the British despite his original name for Kilda, Claims to be an authority on almost every subject under the sun. Nunton Wayne and Wilfried Hyde-White are the two passengers who have to carry it most - the latter because he shares a room with the man and the other in light of Patrick's interest in his beautiful wife (Anne Crawford). However, during a masquerade, passengers decide to make their "revenge" on Kelada by making someone impersonate him (a tease he does not naturally appreciate); yet he is here trying to show a decent aspect of his personality - Crawford told him that the necklace she wears is a tradition Wayne asks Patrick to name his price ... but the latter immediately realizes that he is the real article and that would compromise Crawford's position if he wanted to say so, so Kelada allows himself to mock publicly instead of revealing the fact that a woman may have a secret admirer! <br /> <br /> As can also be deduced from the title, "The Sanatorium" deals with countless patients in such a place - administered by André Morell; novelist is a new trainee, Roland Colver, who notes with sadness the various releases. In fact, the narrative sheds light on three separate branches of the plot - one of humorous (hostility between two elderly Scots in sanatorium, played by Finley Currie and John Laurie), melodramatic (the wrong relationship between the disgruntled patient) Raymond Huntley and his wife Betty Ann Davies The romance between the charming but charming Jean Simmons and Michael Renney, who despite everything against him, including the fact that Morel had identified Simmons as a "man" while Rennie had only a few years left, led the couple to Altar).
