TRIO was created after making it in QUARTET, continuing the quality of previous film versions of Maugham's short stories. Here are three stories are Ferguer, Mr. KNOW IT-ALL, SANITORIUM. The first two comedians (The VERGER is like long humor, but one with a good payoff), and the latter is more serious (as it concerns health problems). Again the author presents film and stories. <br /> <br /> James Hitter, who will soon be playing his role as Samuel Becwick, is the hero in VERGER. He holds this small position of guardianship in the Church, but the new deputy (Michael Hordern) is an intellectual. When Hater hears he has no education he shoots him. Hayter has saved some money, so he tells his wife (Kathleen Harrison) that he fancy buying a news and small tobacco store. He has a good eye, and his shop thrives. Soon he has a whole chain of stores. When his grandson is baptized by Hordern, the latter is surprised to see how prosperous his former brother is. The return is when the bank's manager Felix Ilmer meets with Hitter about diversifying his investments. I'll leave it to you to hear the unintentional but sarcastic rhythm of the meeting. <br /> <br /> According to Mujam, he met a man like Max Kelada (Nigel Patrick) on a cruise. In Mr. KNOW-IT-ALL Kelada is a kind of gentle elegance from the Middle East that makes a journey through jewelery. His companion in the state room is Mr. Gray (Wilfried Hyde White, who was calm and sound at all) and is somewhat opposed to Max's silence. Max loves reviving things, and soon participates heavily in the ship's entertainment. At this point, the story actually resembles a part of the story of Maugham and CHINA SEAS (1935), where Max Burhan shows that he can tell a real piece of jewelry from counterfeit (after insisting that a piece of jewelry he has spotted is real). I will not describe how Max rises to this occasion. <br /> <br /> The senitrium is the longest section. Roland Colver plays "Ashenden" (the fictional elegance of Magham - writer and spy once as in Hitchcock's secret agent). Here he has to use a sanatorium for two months for his health. He has found a wonderful crew of people, including Jean Simmons as a weak and beautiful young girl, a Korean fanlayer as an angry cop, and John Laurie as an angry Sicilian "at war" with Corey. Raymond Huntley as a quiet patient shows his inner anger at his situation when his wife, Michael René was a young man suffering from a life-threatening illness. Colver sees three stories among these characters playing their role in their conclusions. The latter, which deals with Simmons and Renee, is ridiculous but very moving. <br /> <br /> It was a great follow-up to the previous quarter, and worth watching.
