I found it hard to love anyone in this movie. The main characters, Lindy and Michael Chamberlain, whose daughter disappears during a night out in Australia's remote areas, are not bad guys, but certainly not all the people we see throughout the film or even most of them will be bad if we know them better. But although we are sure that the film wants us to be guilty or innocent from Chamberlain since the beginning of the tragic chaos in their lives, the film takes a more or less social perspective in terms of gossip, media, crowds, mobs and assumptions. It's not a film about Australia's particularly dilapidated society; it's just a story of a real story that happened there. Society is collectively less developed than one feels. <br /> <br /> When the prison director insists on killing all indigenous dogs because of the unverified action of a single wild dog, when it is indiscriminately destroyed, life goes out of control because the majority of magazines, newspapers and television programs distort the tragic truth of the level From drama that provokes its consumers into madness, there is no sign of empathy or even any kind of outward view of unconscious perceptions, the left and right are affected by the strong rumors and feelings of those who surround one's life. The reason for my appreciation for the film is that it shifts focus from inside out, from victims to audiences. <br /> <br /> If the evidence against Lindy Chamberlain is aside, the doubt was often fueled by virtue. In the eyes of the public, she was not shocked by the death of her infant daughter. Why was she able to maintain her composure, even a kind of isolation not to mention raising her head to the television and press? How much of the downward spiral could have been prevented if it had acted more with public admiration in the media? Meryl Streep, one of, if not, the greatest actress working today, may not perform particularly distinct performance, and frankly does not perform any other actor, or filmmaking department. But she, the scriptwriter, understand Lindy. What is irritating is that it is not so difficult. Apparently, they were not naturally exposed to show feelings in public places anyway. Whether or not she is likable as a loving person in the immediate sense, we are naturally vulnerable to sympathy for her position. <br /> <br /> Whether her performance is very grateful like choosing Sophie's Choice, The Devil Wears Prada, Angels in America or other works, is a triumph. It is difficult to anger the public when they deliberately deprive you of insight into you. It frustrates us because we do not know what you think or feel. It took some time for me to feel loved, but that's the way the film responds to public attention. <br /> <br /> She is married to a pastor, both practicing a religion in a small minority and thus misinterpreted by most. At first, they interacted with their loss as if reconciling themselves to the will of God, where they began a common mill that generated the idea that the death of their daughter was a kind of ritual murder on their part. Whatever happened to the little girl, her parents were part of the margin that most of the media did not immediately recognize, so the first tendency was to chase them like a pack of hungry ... well ... <br /> <br /> Meryl Streep and Neil Continually on the screen, but the Australian public plays the real thread here. Like the punctuation marks of each plot progression, director Fred Chibesi moves from the restaurant to the tennis court to the dinner party to the saloon to the office, where the audience tries Lindy and sets out in their eager expectations. <br /> <br /> This Golan - Globus docudrama is particularly memorable. The atmosphere of preparation does not give sufficient compensation to the fact that there is no performance or aspect of production. But it is very successful as a condemnation of collective consciousness of the public.
