This review contains spoilers for those who are not familiar with the details of the real story on which this film is based. <br /> <br /> The right to "innocent until proven guilty" is a fundamental right of anyone in a civilized society but, according to the Fred Chibisi partisan story, but sadly convincing to try a famous Australian murder, Lindy Chamberlain was not given the charge of killing her child. The story of her innocence was unlikely (allegedly taken by the Dingo), but those who point to her guilt more than that, and there was no strong evidence against her. But the Australian public was tired of the possibility of their guilt, and the Chamberlains were religiously creepy when they appeared in the media (and the media itself, of course, was nothing innocent in this process). Therefore, despite the initial release, they were subsequently prosecuted and convicted. Despite Chamberlain's eventual release, this was not shameful until new evidence was found that "proved" her innocence, which the defendants should not offer. <br /> <br /> "Cry in the Dark" is performed well all the time, especially by Meryl Streep, which is crafted in a convincing Australian tone (at least for the ears of Boom) and manages to sympathize with Lindy (us) while still conveying how she managed to Become a national hate figure. The scenes in which you are imprisoned are actually simple but sad, because we believe that the characters are real. <br /> <br /> Regardless of the accuracy of her portrayal of this story (something I can not comment on), the broader theme of this film will be a real resonance for anyone who has a fleeting knowledge of the British popular press and is normally ruthless of direct attraction to readers' instincts Least charitable. There would be no perfect legal system; however, the current cry against asylum seekers in contemporary British newspapers comes from the same evils as Lindy Chamberlain's. I am not a cleric, but the Bible still contains some fatal lines (if you excuse the pun). "The judge is not afraid to try" is one of them.
