The following spoilers: I picked up the book "Evil Angels" when it was released for the first time without knowing anything about the case. Just to give the Austrian press and people a break here, I was very far away before I started to question the guilt of Chamberlain. It is clear that the author intended the reader to understand why the public jumped to their conclusions. John Bryson narrated the story just as it was presented to the jury (and picked up by the press) of arterial spray, acetone plates, the certainty of Dr. James Cameron in that his collar was cut with scissors, and that the child could not be taken full of her clothes with the buttons still finished, , Etc. all convincingly. After all, these were experts in their fields who were witnessing for no apparent reason for lying, and the fact that the evidence was completely wrong was not clear to me at all. It was also a very technical guide, difficult for the average person to understand. To this point, along with some infamous testimony in trials, no one has ever heard of a ligament attacking people; people did not think that was possible. The audience was skeptical of Seventh Day Seventh Day Adventists, whose origins made them look like worship, and all kinds of barbarous beliefs around them contributed to the appearance of guilt. Had it not been for the dedicated, selfless lawyers who worked tirelessly to investigate and prosecute the prosecution, finding Azaria's clothes later was not enough to get Lindy out of jail. I was shocked by the book for this reason and I was hesitant to come to a conclusion about anyone's guilt ever since (except for the gaz of course). I was thrilled that a film would result from the case and I do not think it could have been done better. I have always loved Sam, whom I can deal with perfectly, and Merrill was as perfect as she always is. Beautiful photography, haunting music. I think it's not only a very good film, but it's a very important film. Very bad, he did not receive more publicity at the time of issue.
