The "Thief of Bagdad" story collection is complex because it is reported in the flashback and records three separate strings of equal importance. The screenplay of Lago Peros and Miles Malison keep the story moving skillfully in all respects. King Ahmed is angry at Baghdad's foreign minister Jaafar for executing a man for having different ideas. He discovers when denied that people blame him for Jaafar's actions and hate him. He was jailed by Jaafar, where he met the young robber. The two escaped and boarded a boat to the city of Basra. There spies the companions when the men let the road so that no one of them saw the city princess pass. Ahmed falls in love with her and visits her in her garden. He tells her that he has come from behind time and wins a kiss. He is then arrested. When Jaafar comes to win the princess of Basra for himself, Ahmad attacks the evil minister who is a Muslim and turns Abu into a dog. Ja'far then asks for the princess's hand and gives a donation to a mechanic horse to the Sultan of Basra. Ahmed al-'A'ami narrates his story in the market accompanied by Abu Kalba. The prince fell asleep and nothing could wake her up. So Jaafar sends his servant Halima to Ahmed and the dog, hoping that the prince will attend. I woke her up. I boarded a ship to find a doctor to treat Ahmed, but Jaafar was arrested, then threw the dog into the sea. She then allowed Jaafar to take her in his arms, based on his promise to restore Ahmed's scene and return Abu to a thief. The Princess sees a vision of Ahmed. He is in a boat; Jaafar sends a storm to besiege him and my father sinks into an abandoned island. He finds Abu al-Jinni or the jinn who wants to kill him now that he is free after spending several centuries in prison in a bottle. Conceived by Abu to prove that he actually came from a very small ship, then escapes again. To edit it, he gets three wishes. His first is sausages. In the meantime, the princess pleads with her father to reject Jaafar. But Jaafar shows the Sultan a new mechanical game, one of his six hands stabbing to death. Abu makes a second wish, to find Ahmed. The Cunning Genie takes him to the all-round goddess. On the Abu to climb a wonderful network to reach the precious stones that are the eye, and fight the giant spider, then lift the statue of the statue. Abu stared at the "eye" and saw Ahmed in the valley. He has the Genie to take him to Ahmed. Ahmed uses the eye to see the princess. Emit a flower scent and forget it all at once. Abu hopes that they were in Baghdad, but the Genie laughs and leaves; Jaafar tells the Princess that she is in love with him, ignoring Ahmad's mention. Ahmed tries to make his way to the princess, but Jaafar breaks his eye. Abu finds himself in the "land of myth", where the elders who rule him want to own him. He steals bow and magic carpet and flees instead, hastily to save Ahmed and the princess. The thief arrives in time to save the young king from the executioner, using the bow of the flying carpet, to the wonders of the crowd who came to watch the execution. Jaafar tries to escape on the mechanical jumper, but another shot from the bow ends. Ahmed regained the intention of marrying the Princess. But when he tries to make his father a minister, the young thief refuses to say that what he wants is adventure, not hard work and imprisonment in a palace no matter how big it is. This wonderful story was given a magnificent production by producer Alexander Korda. The production was designed by Vincent Korda, who was also a technical director, while George Bernal filmed a color film. The directors are Ludwig Berger and Michael Powell, with Tim Wilan, Alexander Korda, William Cameron Menzies and Zoltan Korda. The special fashion designs were the works of John Armstrong, Oliver Mesel and Marcel Wirtz. The production, apart from its brilliant and expensive visual talent, claims that two other elements are the feature music of Michaels Rosa and the performance performed by Conrad Ved Kgvar the villain. Rex Ingram plays the Genie in a strange tone, in addition to his usual intelligence and strength. Jun Dobriz is beautiful and effective because Princess Mary Morris is a sad and beautiful Halima, and Miles Malison is a stammering and full of power. As Ahmed, it seems that John Justin does most of what can be done through the role of a young prince in love and then some; he is a good memorable in his winning role. This film has a space around it exists, I emphasize, in the other Korda works too. Its imaginative content contrasts with realistic collections, fashion and very powerful design elements. This is one of the most memorable delusions on the level of ideas of all time and deserves to be enjoyed again and again.
