- The film tells the story of the prince who was a wonderful life, but after the evil wizard told him to go to the city disguised as a beggar, locked the prince and then becomes the shadow governor of Baghdad. The imprisoned prince meets with a thief named Abu and helps him escape from prison. He goes to a city called Basra where he meets a princess who falls in love with her madly, but it is not known that the evil magician loves the princess and tries to persuade her father to allow him to marry her. Jafa soon learned that the prince was trying to win the hearts of the girls until he made him blind and turned Abu into a dog. This leads to the Prince and Abu embarking on an adventure to find a way to defeat Java and restore peace in Baghdad and marry the Princess. During their journey, they face everything from the satirical Genies that take Abu on a journey through the clouds, a really hungry giant spider, and a flying horse that is likely to generate one of the most beautiful sequences of these old eyes I have ever seen. <br /> <br /> - This is a pure fiction film from start to finish that contains horses, jigs, carpets and wizards that can actually do magic instead of just infecting people with their employees. It does not have any cheese moments and the story of love is not a waste of time. The production designs are just spectacular in this film. From the palaces to the various dangerous traps facing the heroes. Although this film is over 40 years old, the production design is much better than most of the films that have been processed in today's cinema. Music and songs are also well done. Anyone who thinks he will undoubtedly praise, "I want to be a sailor sailing the seas" as one of the best musical moments in the movies. I'm not a fan of movies because I find them as fun as my taxes, but I'd be happier to exclude this film. <br /> <br /> - What is selling the film to me is the absolute fact that you see things you do not see in everyday life and that is also the same reason that I like things like "two towers" and "Silent Hill". Before the advent of modern fiction film today with CGI realism to blow our minds, there was this film that blew your mind without a green screen scattered everywhere. One of my favorites in Burjan is the one where we see the trolls opening the "black gates". The main aim of that shot was for me to see these great imaginary beings doing what manual work is what Genie and other creatures in the movie liked . They are just trying to make a living like everyone else who gives them a real feeling, even though they are all just imaginary beings. <br /> <br /> - It is literally impossible to watch this movie and not to notice the place the Aladdin makers got their inspiration. The characters in this film are the same characters in this film from the talkative genie down to the flying carpet. Not a totally bad thing in my eyes because it is good to know that I am not the only one on this planet who has a deep passionate love for this amazing film. I saw it at first as a child in my motherland and I thought it was the greatest thing in the world, and I still think it is wonderful. This is a real testimony that the wonderful film can withstand the test of time. The effects are certainly a bit old and cheese, but they were back in the 1940s, so give them a break. It does not seem to be out of date though most things are still able to hold it today when you check it out according to today's standards. <br /> <br /> - If you want to see a live version of Aladdin, you should get a wish with this but a bunch of angry crooks will probably be able to avoid this because this will not be a cup of tea.
