A very beautiful film, one of a handful of films I saw when the young man who entered me at the time and still does, seems to have a pretty good impression over time. By the 1990s, I had seen her and my daughter several times on television, but I was still going to the pictures when it came to local cinema? When it was over, we came out with stars full of hair and the exciting music of Miklos Rosa, who wished she'd lasted two hours longer and thought of a beautiful world that was suddenly again. <br /> <br /> The ideal prince Ahmed wants to revive among his people for a while to examine things, but Minister Fezir Jafar takes the opportunity to imprison him and take over the throne. After escaping from the little thief who played Sabo, Ahmed discovered a princess and fell in love? Along the way they have many adventures (although it does not seem enough for a sapo!) And love is invincible only but it destroys everything. Special effects must be charming in 1940, but Time influenced them and reduced their impact, especially since digital cartoons have captured live works even ?? But they are still steadfast compared to films like Superman 40 years later. However, if I am asked to suspend infidelity in the giant genes that uproot horses, and the knives that raise horses and carpets, I also suspend infidelity with perfect special effects! Favorite Bits: The Dreaming Scene in the Sunlit Garden When Ahmed reveals himself and the appropriate Adelaide romantic song; the stunning colors in the tent in the land of myth ?? In fact, the colors are stunning all over. Sabo and Rosa are victorious but still the final sadness. Conrad Fayed Al-Badi played in two of the most incredible romantic films of all time, Casablanca and then died. John Justin and John Dobriz were fantastic in the lead roles of the lovers, both of them somewhat inextricably linked, but the parts did not call for a whole range of emotions: only pure love is important. <br /> <br /> Two violent images are mild, but be assured that this is a great and good experience with a 100% positive message. It is unfortunate that young children are not watching this instead of the pornographic images they prefer. One of my top 10 favorite movies, can not I recommend this much? May be displayed until the end of time.
