After a chance encounter on the train, a young couple spends one night strolling through the streets of Vienna, to discuss life and love. The main reason to see "Before the Sunrise" is to watch Jolie Delby as a young woman offering her lines. As Celine, this bright and cozy brown blonde is an intersection between Brigitte Bardot and Johnny Mitchell as they were in their mid-twenties. The risk of overestimation, Celine is the ideal woman in practice, unusually beautiful and very feminine while she is natural, modest, thoughtful and self-loving. We can easily forgive it as eccentric and speak of a blue line, because its sincere and intelligent observations sometimes penetrate. Moreover, her diverse expressions do not fall short of attraction and speak English in a highly accented French dialect. <br /> <br /> If there is a fly in the ointment of this good film, he will have to be a man who is not polite and educated. Ethan Hawk comes in as Jesse as an obscure catch, like Maynard G. Krebs in the 1990s. Trying to appear separately and indifferently, he draws himself through some shots. His pants fit badly, his overheated shirt wrapped, his wavy dark hair (the most attractive feature) needs a good wash, and someone must have shown him how to trim the young suede. However, a young man is supposed to be unwashed on a train trip for two weeks throughout Europe, so the appearance he grew is probably real. His sardonic remarks and bright sense of humor seem to impress Celine's romance in an unusual way, although she is sometimes disturbed by the extent of alienation. When she finally admits that he is completely ill and likes to be near her because he feels like a different person in his presence, we know he will get somewhere. <br /> <br /> After blowing up their collective money on a series of cafes, bars and ridiculous transfers, they agree that since they may not see each other again, they should make the most of it. Jesse fills a bottle of red wine off a passionate waiter so he and his newly discovered lover can fix a local park in the middle of the night to lie on the grass, look at the moon and the stars and watch the sun come over. <br /> <br /> Because of his limitless moment in the romance section, it is particularly disturbing when Jesse, as the basic definition of a naive jaunt, foolishly lets this wonderful young lady slip out of his grip. Wrapped himself in a half-baked plan, quickly put in the railway station when he bids her, to reunite in the same place during half a year. When the time is right, you know that this beautiful and unusual girl will share with another girl, possibly married and pregnant. For any reason, they will not appear, while Jesse, whose work ends in Target or (if lucky) the local library, will return to Vienna, desperate to see her again, just to end on her own. <br /> <br /> Despite what was a very encouraging result for me, "Before Sunrise" is a beautiful film. I recommend it both as a supplement, "before sunset".
