When I saw this movie in the theater when it was introduced in 1995 through a free advanced show, I was totally enchanted and I would gladly pay to see it. I was sorry when I spoke to so many people who later saw him and who were very disappointed about it and how it ended. On the other hand, I felt quite the opposite. You are completely satisfied with the score and everything else. The people I spoke to said there was a lot of talk! In addition they were unhappy because they felt that the end had left wondering about the fate of the two letters. I found these comments ridiculous and also painful proof of how the majority of the American public seems inclined to follow easy-to-follow stories in films with little intelligent and intelligent dialogue lest they get confused. They also like to be associated with happy endings - happy or sad. This disgusts me. Does anyone want to be challenged anymore ?? As for the end (and I do not want to be spoiled), I am very satisfied because I know in my heart that these two personalities will see each other again. It's all about your personal faith in romance and destiny. It is a very personal film that does not speak to all people. But she certainly talked to me. Give her a chance! Be patient though! Richard Linclater designed a very beautiful film with a beautiful story against the backdrop of the beautiful city of Vienna. Watching it makes you feel as if you are walking around the city streets with characters. As if you yourself are traveling across Europe on an Eurail card it's very intimate. In addition, Ethan Hawk and Julie Delby are doing a great job of rewriting the composite text into life. They must be impromptu during some parts and work well. They have a great chemistry in their roles. Their embarrassment when strangers first get to know each other is very likely and you can really feel that romantic relationships are evolving as the film unfolds. I felt that this is a very personal work for Mr. Linclater and I respect him very much for making this film. Certainly touched me and hope to touch others equally. Bravo for friendship !!!
