I bought a DVD by sunset and saw it first a week ago. After seeing him twice, I could only lose before Sunrise, not because the sequel was not great, but I felt that these two films complemented each other without any other complement, each time I finished watching one, I felt the need and the longing to see the other. So, I ended up spending weeks looking at both of them over and over, and I would be very embarrassed to mention exactly how many times. The most striking thing about "before sunrise" is how you feel about the development of their feelings towards one another. It seems very simple, the growth of chemistry, and I think other romantic films may think they succeed in tracking evolution, but for me - who does not believe in the crystallization of the light of Ephron - before sunrise is the first movie that really gives viewers a chance to feel it. When I first saw her, about 8 years ago when I was 20 years old, I really liked it. But, I did not value it as a "wonderful movie", it still seems to me like someone else thinks it feels good, and Linklater was very smart to make it more realistic, it was 10 minutes too, the characters were very big fabricated well and I thought I loved it Because it was like a dream and because I enjoyed their conversations, and so on. But now, thanks to "before sunset", I feel that this is before Sunrise more than I have felt before. I saw the more obvious elements: Jesse, Celine, Vienna, their conversations, everything. How is each element separated by itself, they have the opportunity to mix, the story is just a time frame, I no longer feel manipulated. And the freedom enjoyed by each scene, in addition to his refusal to be too much, how blind I was that those qualities did not shock me as exceptional when I first saw her! Now, it's been 8 years, and the more movies I have seen, the more I realize that many of the movies are just sets of ordered scenes that are just for their end, even movies like Pulp Fiction or Slackers for Linklaters. The story of Jesse and Celine avoids this, perhaps before sunset. It is a better example in this case, but before sunrise is also one of the few films that end only as a result of time and not a destination, each individual scene has its own life. I do not know whether Linklater or anyone else took into account the sequel when they did their work before sunrise, but to me, one of the most amazing things about these disciples is how these two films are visually contrasting with each other. Before sunrise, which I think employs more fixed angels and brighter color systems, it seems to be trying to capture the smallest energetic atoms surrounding Jesse and Sileen, the world is full of hope whether characters feel it or not. In the meantime, I enter the vision of boredom as Jesse keeps talking to reporters in "Before Sunset", and the first Celine smile behind the shelves is the most amazing smile I have seen at the beginning of the film, and many of the moving footage then takes me to a place I do not know sadly , No matter how beautiful Paris is, no matter how happy I am to meet him again. I'm sorry to continue this long with my limited English, before Sunrise is already an exceptional film without pouring my scattered thoughts, and improving with a similarly impressive sequel.
