I managed to catch a double feature late last night from "Before Sunrise" (1995) and "Before Sunset" (2004). I watched both films in a row, without really having the chance to catch my breath or think about the meaning of each film on Sharpness. After I finish sleeping, I must say I am much better than the former on the latter, I will explain why. <br /> <br /> Before Sunrise presented us with the then young actors, Ethan Hawk (Reality Bites, Dead Poets Society), only 25 at the time of the release of the film; Jolly Delby (the three-color trio), and 26 you look younger). He is a mixed American writer, touring Europe after separating from his girlfriend. She is a young French student on her way to Paris. They meet in Budapest train - Vienna and decide to automatically get off the train together. The two spiritual and deep-seated people spend a whole night together walking the beautiful streets of Vienna, sharing ideals and ideas and gradually falling in love. <br /> <br /> The film is in the 1990s: technology was rapidly jumping, the new millennium with all that it hoped for, dreams were just around the corner, and young people like those portrayed in the film were full of love for life and passion for the future. The characters of Jesse (Hook) and Selpy (with all their imperfections and contradictions) (Celine's dialect, if mistakenly or deliberately, half the French half of the Americans, turned from one spectrum to the other and broke the personality credibility), was a mirror Time. Watching the naughty couple swallow life in such a sense and excitement, acting with all familiarity and romance, but succeeding in making the audience fall in front of them too, is what made this film really work for me. The fact that the director does not let you know if his relationship continues after the film or not makes it worth it. <br /> <br /> All in all, the sunrise is a dreamy stroll across the urban landscape of Vienna, a classic romantic interview, and a movie I will certainly return to for more insight sometime in the future.
