Before Sunrise gets a lot of great things, there is little to match with one such review, but suffice it to say that it is one of the most committed character studies of the 1990s, perhaps even in all contemporary cinema, that we do not commit ourselves to love, As he puts it, as far as humanitarian communication is concerned. How can one fall in love at first sight? No one does that, at least this is deep in the consensus that Linklater wants to show with his movie. And so far * There is the possibility of an intense connection, or an association that can be formed by young people and they have many ideas that can be expressed clearly and with a great deal of irony, and they are somewhat tender and true at the same time. Linklater tells us the story of Celine and Jessie, a French girl and American boy who leaves the same train for Vienna. On the way there we start talking about things, initially arbitrary, and then Jesse sees death for the first time in Grandpa. Jesse Celine is persuaded to accompany him on a night in the "city", in Vienna, until his plane the next morning. <br /> <br /> Before the sunrise, Jesse and Sileen, in the magnificent center of Vienna, give scenery and languages ​​to continue on topics of great importance, in the sense of talking, about what it is like to see people leading one to another. It is often about relationships and obligations, as Jesse and Celine tell stories sometimes are somewhat illogical, or so it seems, and another tells a lot about their basic qualities. We hear confessions of other people who love them, or really do not like them, to be part of a family or part of an education that may or may not know how you will love your life, what you mean to believe or not believe in some religious form, or just to have Connected to any faith or spirit (I liked the Quakers in the church), and sometimes I ridiculed ridicule or suspicion. Jesse may be more responsible for this latter part, but what is admirable about the film is that he does not make fun of himself, but only comments on the irony that lies in the concerns of men and women in this age of their lives. <br /> <br /> At the same time, it is always great to see Ethan Hawk and Julie Delby in these roles, as they are not constantly troubled by the development of the tenth generation of the 1990s, but they are people who are not in the central concept of the film, Bad at all, but necessary, one might think of finding a walk in the city streets somewhere. The essence lies in an ancient romantic form in the form of a "brief encounter," where only intimacy is expressed in the central characters, either between the two, where the gentle sides are already accepted ("I have to tell you a secret," Jesse says, , Ho-ho), or in small moments pop-up with other people along the way. I loved the scene with the poet, where it was very hard to find a random romantic player suddenly in a romantic picture with such beautiful words at his disposal, or with a palm reader and how the reactions of Jesse and Sileen were that we might share, but actually see them do it direct. Although Hawke and Delpy are interestingly performing roles - we can see how the nerves are already shaping up for their adult lives - as this may lead to the future ... <br /> <br /> Featuring a great cinematography and a natural wit and true sense of humor What it means to have a moment of happiness, no matter what stand alone, may lead to something more. Who says you can not suddenly be connected to someone, even for less than 24 hours, and be more connected than the couple? Perhaps this is a Linklater thesis, but there is something more. It's a very thick film, and it will make me call him again and again. One scene in particular, a cheesy and both wonderful is when the two talk "on the phone" in front of each other a tradition of exhibitions may go to the other's friend. A +
