Many of the critics seem to be comparing this film to "The Mortal Storm" or "Casablanca." Everyone has the right to compare the films of their choice, but the similarities between the "deadly storm" and "witness on the Rhine" are clearly the problems of refugees threatened by the Nazi tyrant, while the main point of comparison that appeared with "Casablanca" The unfair treatment of Humphrey Bogart in 1943 by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences, because they chose Paul Lucas instead for Best Actor Oscar. It does not hit me quite wrong. Lucas was a good career in the film (here and in England - the villain in "The Lady Vanishes"), and this performance was his best performance. Boogart had a great performance in it more than Rick Blaine (for example, Sam Speed ​​was ignored by the Maltese Falcons and Roy Earl in Hay Sierra two years ago, both of which were top-notch, and did not get an Oscar for his greatest performance Fred C. Dobbs in "The Treasure of Sierra Madres", the writer / suspect in the murder of "In One Place" and Captain Philip Francis Cage in "The Caine Mutiny." For Charlie in the African Queen. I think Boogie should have got the role of Dobbs, but that did not happen. But Lucas was lucky - he got this remarkable performance for his less professional. Few can claim it. <br /> <br /> For me, the film to be seen with "A Witness on the Rhine" is based on another play by Helman, "Searching for the Wind." Both view the spirit of American isolationism in the 1920s and 1930s. Search Wind is really looking at the entire interwar period, while the "Witness on the Rhine", which began in the years just beginning our entry into World War II, is looking at a few weeks of time. So it is better designed as a theater, and more important for its impact. <br /> <br /> The film has many good performances, led by Lucas as an anti-Nazi fighter / courier, but Davis as his loyal wife (keeping her character as low as possible because Lucas is the center of theater activities), Coulouris, Coincidentally, but ultimately an idiot and ineffective Teck, Lucille Watson as the mother of Davis and Geraldine Fitzgerald (as the wife of the most witty and sad Coulouris), and Kurt Katch, who delivers devastating criticism (as Gestapo President of the local embassy) around Coulouris and others who will deal with the Nazis. He has a dialogue with a bite. And what he says is absolutely true. It also has moments of near hair. Witness the scene, in the end, when Collores leaves alone with Lukas and Davis, and says, "The New World has left the scene of the old world." Helman could have written well sometimes. <br /> <br /> Due to the power of the script and film screenings, I would like to make this film among World War II films.
