Before sunrise is romantic for the lazy generation. Richard Linclitter's romantic drama is an eccentric story about a dream that has become a reality for most people. The film depicts romance in all its glory, but without any drawbacks to most couples; in short, the film revolves around two people who have a close relationship to perfection as the relationships will come - with only one problem, the problem of time. Although most relationships end with time, these relationships remain strong all the time and the same time is the only thing that fades. Before sunrise is certainly not a "emotional Hollywood" emotional model, another aspect puts the leagues in this film before the protesters. The story follows two people, Jesse. A French girl meets on a train to Vienna. They communicate immediately, and after telling her of his terrible idea about a television show and getting out of the train, Jesse asks Celine to join him for the day in the picturesque city of Vienna. <br /> <br /> Before sunrise he works mainly for two reasons - Who builds personalities through their thoughts and feelings, and thus lets us recognize them as we do with people in real life. This allows characters to be free, and it's easy to believe that these are real people and not just actors acting through a script. This also allows us to feel the personalities they represent, not just because they are heroes. It's hard to capture this kind of realism. At the end of the day, we know the audience that they are watching a movie and not seeing real life; but before sunrise is one of the most real-life exhibitions of all time. The wonderful text can not really work alone, and it needs great actors to make it fair, even though I'm not a fan of Julie Debley or Ethan Hawk; when you watch this movie, there's nothing you can do but give them respect. I do not know whether they are in character or just playing for themselves, but when the film is good; it does not matter. <br /> <br /> In a movie like this, writing is the most important thing, and the text contains several observations about life, most of which I can talk about in person. This is what Richard Linclitter accomplished with this text because it not only creates and constructs characters, but also reveals what true love is, along with many other aspects of life. The fact that not all tales are attributable to me personally again represents the brilliance of writing. Everyone is different, so different parts of the script will attract different people. There can be certain aspects about someone someone likes and dislikes; this is the case with reflections in this script. In addition to the beauty of the film is the city of Vienna. The city itself is not really important to the film, this is the story that could have happened almost anywhere - but it makes some beautiful images and the optimistic and lively romance that thrives throughout the film with the beauty of the site. <br /> <br /> Before the sunrise is beautiful and captivating at one time. Richard Linclater created something rare in the world of cinema. The film captures the beauty of life without exceeding the summit or being overly emotional. Before sunrise is what it is. What it is, is pure cinematic brilliance.
