When I found the movie on the Christmas table, it was not a familiar title because I did not read the novel and I did not hear anything about the film. After reading the content, I decided to spend Christmas evenings watching the movie. The effect surprised me completely: I do not remember when I last saw a movie in which I participated every moment. VOW TO CHERISH is undoubtedly one of the films that is now a real surprise from the cinema. Here are some of the arguments that led me to consider this film a piece of good cinema. <br /> <br /> First, the content is completely instructional in particular. It has something to offer the modern public - pure faith and some answers to global questions. Is there a need for Christ in our time? Does love still matter? Why is there faith? What is the logic of burden and suffering in life? Is there anyone beside me that I can always trust? The film provides answers through content because everything that happens to characters can happen to any of us. <br /> <br /> Second, the film is exceptionally human. Key characters experience internal conflicts and deal with very difficult decisions. Is it better for Kelly David Denneman and Terry (Megan Paul) to start their own lives and forget the family or keep the values ​​they learned at home? Is it better for John (Ken Howard) to leave Ellen (Barbara Babcock), his sick wife, and start a new happy life with Julia (Donna Pollock), a woman in love with her? In fact, Elaine no longer recognizes him ... However, he decided to pledge his wife's sincerity. Did the rebellious brother of John, Phil (Dr. David Moran), have to continue his life easily even though it does not bring him satisfaction or begin to think seriously about his life. Phil prayer to God in the garden is a psychological masterpiece of the global aspect of mankind. Everyone can be told these words regardless of the place, time and place they live. <br /> <br /> Thirdly, the film is a wonderful portrayal of the family, and it is not common nowadays: there are problems, however, there is always something stronger that brings these people together. This "something" is love and trust. I know it might sound a bit perfect. Not all families can count on sincerity and it may not be that simple. However, it is a very educational aspect and a realistic aspect. <br /> <br /> Fourth, the entire film focuses on mutual assistance between people. If we want to live a happy life in our society, we must understand one thing: we have to help each other. Alexander (Aussie Davis) is an example of this position. At the beginning of the film, we see him talking to John about prayer. Later, he helps his brother. Alexander is an "angel" kinda sent to John and his family. Can not we become angels for each other? <br /> <br /> Fifthly, technical features deserve attention as well. Performance: Barbara Babcock performs as well as Elaine, and although she has a difficult role to play, she does a perfect job. Think, for example, the moment you appear at school and want to teach hard again. Ken Howard is also memorable as a loyal husband. Photo: The most memorable thing for me is the scene of John and Elaine in the garden walking on the falling leaves (autumn) as the rays of the sun (love) spread everywhere. I have interpreted it as a kind of symbol: even if there is sorrow, it can always be lit by light and joy ... <br /> <br /> A VOW TO CHERISH is a wonderful film that has realistically shown me what it means to love, Show me again how beautiful it is to live and believe. In the end, I would like to quote the deep words of the film that I found very moving and I hope you will also do it. Kyle to his uncle Phil: Yes, John (Brighton) lives according to the Bible. But no one will force you to do so. So far, what rules do you live?
