I will tell you a story about the summer of 1994. I and a friend attended a Canadian Day in Bari, and were among the best Canadian teams of this age. We got there around 4am and waited in line most of the morning hours and when the doors opened at 9am, we were among the first doors. Then we waited and waited in the scorching sun, and slowly turned red but did not care, because the headlines were among our favorites. At some point, in the early afternoon, I sat down and darted my back to the barrier. I woke up to be shocked and frightened by a screaming girl wearing a robotic shirt. That's why I hated aristocrats to this day. There is nothing reasonable, no taste, and there is nothing but their random statues. From me, right? So, in my song, I denied myself the joy of whale music. <br /> <br /> Dismond Howell had everything. It's hard to say what's lost, because it lives in a wonderful palace surrounded by the ocean and the mountains (British Columbia where the film was breathtaking). The life that most of us dream through dreams and delusions and its past is dismantled, until the day when a teenage criminal breaks out ... and, as it seems, breaks out. <br /> <br /> Canadian cinema suffers from many problems. In general, lack of funds, coupled with a lack of demand for assistance (as if the feature is apparently Canadian), leads to lower production values ​​for American or British films, and most people do not like to watch anything that sounds or sounds, well , Not like an American movie. Then, it seems that the Canadian scriptwriter often shares the fact that they are so strange that they lose sight of how to tell a good story and tell it well. Third, they seem to believe that unwarranted nudity (often filled in the foreground) makes something artistic. I'm sure anyone watching enough Canadian movies, especially late at night on CBC, knows exactly what I'm talking about. This is almost like the "Do Not Do This" booklet, which has been in the works of Canadian filmmakers for a long time. <br /> <br /> However, in the 1990s and 1980s, some films (such as Bruce McDonald's and CRAZY's brilliant work on breaking this mold, and we managed to keep what they are Canadian, adhering to amazing production values ​​and wonderful stories. On the surface, deeper than her Canadian faith, it is a very touching story of a man who has lost his grip, through sadness and over-abundance, which has been restored by music and then by love.
