Emma was the product of what could be called the first major Jane Austen cycle in the mid-1990s, and it was recently shown on British television, no doubt because of the interest in the author created by the second Great Jane Austen course, which began with "Pride and Prejudice" two years ago. We currently have in the movie theaters of "Becoming Jane", and ITV has recently produced three television films based on Austin novels. These include "Northanger Abbey", the only one of the six major novels not previously filmed, so the course must be complete now. There is no doubt that there is more to come in the near future. (There is, after all, "Love and Friendship", the short novel "Mrs. Suzanne", and someone, somewhere, has provided her endings to her unfinished volumes "The Watsons" and "Sanditon." There are all those parts of the Austin Which are mixed by contemporary writers ??????). <br /> <br /> The main character is Emma Woodhouse, a young lady from an aristocratic family in Regent England. (No, as some critics assumed, Victoria died of Victorian England before the birth of Queen Victoria). Emma, ​​financially, is much better off than most Austin heroes like Elizabeth Bennett or Fanny Price, and does not need to find a rich husband for her. Instead, her main concern seems to be finding couples for her friends. She convinces her friend Harriet to reject a marriage proposal from a young farmer, Robert Martin, believing Harriet should keep her eye on the ambitious cleric Mr. Elton. But this scheme is tragically wrong, because Elton has no interest in Harriet, but he falls in love with Emma herself. The speed with which Emma rejects his proposal makes one wonder why she is so keen to match her boyfriend with a man she considers (for good reason) as an unsuitable marriage partner. Being a plot for Jane Austen, Emma turns out to be less committed to militarism than she seems, and she also finds herself falling in love, leading to more complications. <br /> <br /> Emma always insists that she will not marry without emotion, and when you find a partner, Mr. Knightley, we feel that this will indeed be a tender marriage. However, it does not seem likely to be very emotional (unlike, for example, Elizabeth Bennett and Mr. Darcy). Knightley, who is 16 years older than Emma (21 years old, 37 years old), is related by marriage, much like a father's image more than a lover. Much more than a father figure, in fact, more than her actual father, old and selfish old hypochondriac who seems more like her grandfather. When Emma is not polite to her wonderful and boring friend Miss Bates, Knightley is fooled by her lack of morality. (His title is likely to refer to nineteenth-century gentlemen who wished to think of themselves as the modern equivalents of medieval knights with their knightly figures.) Both Gwyneth Paltrow and Jeremy Northham play well, but this is not really one of the great screen Royces. <br /> <br /> Among other characters, the vulgar Juliet Stevenson liked Ms. Elton and Tony Collett from Harriet. I know that in Harriet's novel she was a naive young teenager, while here she is like the one who played Collette at Morel's Wedding - a gauze, a little fat, afraid of her chances of finding a man. However, I felt that this characterization worked well in the context of the film and did not detract from the Austin themes. <br /> <br /> Emma is one of Austin's chilling works, without the ambiguous inspiration of Mansfield Park or even "Pride and Prejudice", which is reflected on the screen. We see a world of beauty and grace, filled with luxury homes, elegant fashion and high-class design. Apart from the arrogant Roma, who appear for a very short time, the only "poor" people we see are Mrs. Bates and her daughter, and because they live in a shabby straw shack that will turn into £ 500,000 today, we can make sure that their poverty is relative rather than never. In the world of Emma, ​​poverty is defined as having no luxury home. This, of course, is not a comprehensive picture of life in the early nineteenth century, but no one has ever claimed Austin as a Regency equivalent of a kitchen condom. The sophisticated romantic comedy, along with a keen keenness on analyzing the human personality, was more in line. <br /> <br /> I did not rate this film as high as "Sensation and Passion" of 1994 or "Pride" and Prejudice "- tends to pull a bit in the middle, although it has a strong beginning and a strong ending, The foundation, the Austin adaptation is very enjoyable
