Romance in the air, love flourishes in the Victorian era, England, in this lukewarm story that is being put against a society at a time when morality was still in vogue, women were charming and elegant, and my pillow was dashing. Emma, ​​based on Jane Austen's novel, written on screen and directed by Douglas McGrath, starring Gwyneth Paltrow as starring. The self-appointed Christmas maker, Emma is pleased to be thrilled by the romantic idea of ​​playing Cupid and trying to associate who feels appropriate to each other. After successfully completing a successful marriage, she then set out to find a friend of her friend Harriet (Tony Colette), but as a result of her initial attempt she proved less than satisfactory. At the same time, her efforts are mitigated by handsome Mr. Knightley (Jeremy Northham), whose vision of heart-related matters seems a little smarter than Emma's and gives some balance to actions. Either, interested in what is appropriate for others, neglects the heart which is actually most of all: her own. The world spins a lot and loves love, but Emma is about to miss the boat. Fortunately for her, however, the person is just right for her to wait in the wings. Now, if they can stop long enough to achieve it. But as anyone who knows true love knows, things can go right or wrong in an instant, depending on the smallest thing; and while romance is within reach for Emma, ​​she must first recognize her and seize the opportunity. <br /> <br /> McGrath has designed and presented a wonderful and fun movie that is like the fresh air smell in our often troubled world. There may be an atmosphere of optimism about this, but in the past, this story is something that may be the most important thing in it - honestly - for anyone: love. With McGrath's flawless sense of speed and timing, all this plays here in a completely entertaining and enjoyable way. It's a wonderful and moving film, with a great crew, that successfully moves the viewer to another place. It's a light fare, but accommodating. Stunning settings and procedures provide a sense of comfort and calm that allows you to indulge in it and simply go with the flow. <br /> <br /> The stunning Paltrow, which won the Oscar for Best Actress for Shakespeare in Love after two years of making it, looks comfortable and at home in this genre. It embodies all British things, and does so with nature and facility so that this kind of performance is easily accessible or completely ignored. It's simply very good at what you do and makes it look very easy. She has an attractive presence and a gracious screen, reminiscent of Audrey Hepburn. After Paltrow is unique. As an actress, she has a wide range and style and has shown - with films like "Hard Eight", "Hush" and "Perfect Murder" - she can only play for any part effectively, and this personal touch makes any role she plays. But with characters like Emma, ​​it really shines. She is very expressive and open, and her character is very attractive, she is easy to associate with, and it's just a joy to watch, no matter what role she plays. For Emma, ​​they are absolutely perfect. <br /> <br /> Jeremy Northham is very well in the role of Knightley, and, like Paltrow, seems appropriate for this type - in the right role, ie, his performance in the Golden Bowl, in which the Italian emir played, was less than satisfying. Here, however, it is perfect. He is handsome, carrying himself in a way that makes Knightley realizable and true. Like Mr. Colin Firth, Mr. Darcy in "Pride and Prejudice", Northham created an unforgettable character with Mr. Knightley. <br /> <br /> Tony Collett also has an outstanding role in supporting roles. Emma's friend Harriet Smith. And Alan Cumming, as Pastor Elton. Respectively, Colette and Cooming create characters from very real people and thus become a vital asset for the overall success of this film. This shows how important players are in the world of film and film of any kind. <br /> <br /> Supporting actors include Greta Skachy (Ms. Weston), Denise Hawthorne (Mister Woodhouse), Sophie Thompson (Miss Bates), Kathleen Byron (Ms. Godard), Felida Lo (Ms. Bates) (Jane Fairfax) and Iwan McGregor (Frank Churchill). Emma is a bright, elegant film, a reminder of civilized behavior and the value of kindness and grace in a world often discontented. Even if only through the magic of the silver screen, it is good to be able to escape to this world, even for a few hours only, because it caters to the need to renew faith in the human spirit. This is the magic of movies. I rate this one 9/10. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br />
