Director Vincenzo Natali first showed his passion for character-based science fiction films with his short film "Elevated" in 1997, where 3 people are trapped in the elevator while the invisible monsters are roaming the building. His Cube project, later that year, had a very similar hypothesis, this time with six people, and instead of the elevator, there was a significant expansion of interlocking cube blockages. Both were two adorable attempts to take this kind of science a step forward, by deliberately refusing to show almost any visual stimulation, choosing instead to spend as much time as possible focusing on the human element, and how the characters behave and react and interact under an incomprehensible and dangerous circumstance. After exploring the mainstream with "Cypher" in 2002, Natalie returned to his strange direction in characters' films to bring us "Nothing", his most recent work, and more optimistic and comedic about the wide film world of What If? <br /> Dave (David Hewlett) and Andrew (Andrew Miller) are lifelong friends, brought together by mutual separation from society and no other person to be with. Dave, who has always been hampered by a somewhat selfish and somewhat distorted nature, lives with Andrew at his home, which is in a weak and disorganized place, often exploiting Andrew's neurotic and anti-social mentality. Despite all this, the good guys are happy together, even one day of deep personal imperfections, along with some bad astronomical luck, and they fall in the midst of some very serious problems that deserve prison sentences. Moreover, they discover that their house has been deemed unfit to exist and is due to be demolished before sunset, so in the nightmare nightmare of everything that happens to them wrongly, they want the world to disappear. He does so. <br /> <br /> Moving the summary forward will expose many slow (sometimes very slow) films to revealing what happened to Dave and Andrew, and how they deal with their new reality. Natalie's fascination with studying human behavior under duress is here abstract, but simply by forming the main characters friends rather than strangers, he can separate from the element of terror in this hypothesis to open it to a more comfortable and optimistic level. It seems as though he has done the opposite of "Cube". <br /> <br /> Of course, the movie is not 85 minutes of laughter and sunshine. In keeping with basic realism, our anti-heroism often becomes hostile, and sometimes the results are somewhat bad. Like Desert Island, the film explores how better friends, when left alone, can collapse, but at the same time show that friends are vital to quality of existence. In a very crooked way, science fiction, this flick about feeling good, with a good heart and good intentions. <br /> <br /> However, there are some qualifications that you should get with "none". While key actors, Hewlett and Miller, are performing their parts, their characters are not nearly as interesting as they should have been, given that it is up to them to entertain us for a better hour. There is some evolution in the relationship and personalities of Dave and Andrew, some background is given, but in the end is not enough. The generous scenes will sit in the less attractive parts of the film to see it to the end, but the cynics are likely to give up very quickly. <br /> <br /> The representation, as we mentioned, is sufficient, considering the amount of "green screen" work that may be needed, reasonably convincing. David Hewlett and Andrew Miller, both co-scriptwriters, have long been friends with Vincenzo Natalie: Hewlett actually appeared in every Natalie film. Perhaps it was their creative input that led the film in a more positive direction. However, the story could have involved a lot. Admittedly, it is relatively amusing since it is not intended to make a real thing happen, but you have the impression that, in more experienced hands, much can be done with this hypothesis. <br /> <br /> In all fairness, "nothing" is admirable in many ways. The concept is interesting, the trend is creative, the text works at the human level, and most of all, it shows progress in Natalie's creative mindset. For fans of his work, this will be fun, and for others it would be a great way to spend some unwanted time. It is shameful that inhibiting the director on human drama prevented him from being a wonderful and enjoyable film.
