After I saw CUBE, I was a fan of Vincenzo Natali's work. It seems that Natalie has this insufficient capacity to take a story, and hardly wins it like a wet towel for every story he can summon. Instead, it allows the stories themselves to unfold in natural ways, in fact, to the extent that you might actually think that this cube was trying to escape people, or in the case of nothing, a large blank space where there is ... nothing! My ad was hooked immediately. Sounds very simple! Take two people that nobody loves, and send them to a world where there is nothing. Natalie does so simply to forget the logic in which there is no place where there is nothing. In fact, the world of nothing becomes something strange in the film. There is nothing there, but also "something" there. <br /> <br /> It may be a good time to point out that your trailer is too misleading. I was lucky enough to understand the fact that the film tends to be more comical than the film that told me so. So, when watching the movie, I laughed over and over again, while someone might have misinformed advertising had found himself at a loss. <br /> <br /> If you may take one minute to give the movie some praise, where the movie excels on is understandable. It is a genius to have a world of nothing, to put two cases there, not two adorable personalities, to delve into their surroundings, but two idiots who have no idea where the hell is! Another important point is the cinema in the film, although this may not seem at first! When every wall, north, land, south, west, up and down is just a white plane, the depth perception becomes wrong. It's hard to pinpoint where things are put in the Mis-En-Scene scene. There are many moments in the cinema where this actually happens, but for the most part, the camera is positioned so that two characters or an object and character are placed in the foreground and background, allowing for a sense of depth. <br /> <br /> However, this movie does not exist in certain areas. The film is relatively short, but nevertheless, after a period of time it becomes a modernity in which the world is nothing but somewhat boring and wants to find some form of precision within the plot. We can also say that acting is again, questionable. These two are, in a sense, inappropriate, so we do not feel sympathy at all times with these characters. Yet, on the other hand, the chemistry and friendship between the two people seems real enough, but there is something that does not exist. <br /> <br /> However, I arrange it as a very enjoyable film! Do not let the trailer fool you into thinking that this horror film is another fantasy. It's much more comedy! It's actually worth seeing though for just the same concept!
