A little fluffy, "nothing" can be a movie for the kids. It's a very clever concept, it deals with some interesting metaphysical subjects, and runs counter to all the Hollywood conferences that you can think of ... What goes against everything more than, literally? Nothing is the story of two friends who wish the world will disappear when everything goes wrong in their lives. All that remains is what they do not hate, and a large empty white space. It's hard to focus the story on only two actors for the majority of the film, especially without any cuts to anything happening outside the plot. It focuses on one subject to a great extent, but this is the land of Vincenzo Nathalie Home. If you've seen "Cube", you already know that he tends to this kind of attitude. "Nothing" in this film seems to be an endless space, but Natalie somehow managed to make her a bit scared, even if there was nothing else, no place else to go. Actors sell them, although you can tell these people that they are friends anyway. Two representatives from Cube come back here (Worth and Kazan), but they are completely different personalities. They change throughout the story, and although they are not the strongest representatives in the world, they are at least believable. <br /> <br /> The reason I say that this film can be a children's film is under the correct modifications, because apart from some bombs f and the sequence of the bloody dream that is somewhat unnecessary, children can easily digest the eccentric and ridiculous Often from this film. So I find it strange that the writers decided to add some thin language and a small amount of unfairness, especially given the lack of many of them. This PG can get rated easily if they simply cut off some things and change the dialog slightly. There is little objection to this film, but enough to prevent parents from seeing their children. I just say that this is a shame because it is not because I support censoring, but because that is probably the only thing that prevents this film from being exposed more widely. <br /> <br /> Anyway, this is a fairly amusing movie, albeit with a few drag scenes. But in terms of being meaningless, fully focused on two characters and their interactions with anything at all, it does an amazingly good job for an independent film.
