Nothing wonderful! So easy! It's a movie that does not have to work, but it does not work. Natalie remains in the science fiction world, but this film is also a comedy. It seems to have been more influential for Natalie (at a cost of $ 7.5 million! Woo Hoo Pascal!) So with nothing down again. This is a low budget, independent film industry at best. Old storytelling is simple and good and trying to make a film of artistic merit as described for Hollywood's usual reasons for mostly financial gain. There is no movie about nothing and before you ask, not something like Seinfeld! Basically Andrew and Dave are some of the losers. They live in a strange-looking house under two fast roads. Andrew is a travel agent who is phobic while Dave is the best Andrews companion who stays with him for free rent to help him. Dave is tired of it but he has a wonderful girlfriend who wants to move to it. However, through the strangeness of luck, Dave discovered that his girlfriend had kidnapped a huge amount of money from Dave in the workplace who had criminalized Dave, and Andrew was accused of sexually assaulting a scout girl (people of Canadian humor!). Andrew's house will also be demolished, and he can not stop it because the house was built on land, it should not have been built on it. Both Andrew and Dave are inside the house when the police and the demolition team call. They are desperate and can not escape, and in a state of panic and confusion as the police explode in everything that fades to white. what happened? Did Dave and Andrew die? They wake up to find themselves at home but it is quiet. No police, no demolition team, no angry mother scout girl! What happens is Dave and Andy discover that they have the ability to "desire or hate away". It turned out that they hated the entire outside world. They left alone. The house is not surrounded by anything that is depicted as pure white. What this means is that the set up of movies is a homegroup and only white. The film is an interesting scene about human and psychological isolation and of course they spend more time alone with no food or water, they begin to get tired of each other. They discover that they can hate hunger, which is useful but obviously things are out of control. I can not reveal much, but I must say that the headers are a good sight. <br /> <br /> This movie is strange, funny and fun. The effects are simple but effective and Natalie brings together two friends from Cube, David Hewlett and Andrew Millar to lead the film. They have chemistry and also work very well. They must hold 90% of the film on their own and much of it in a pure white background, but it works. I certainly expect this to get the same satanic treatment as Saifer did and must appear on DVD in a year or two in the states. There is no such thing as a high quality film, and although it is not as good as Cube or Cypher, it proves once again that Natalie is one of the best incoming players. <br /> <br /> Nathalie is really interested in three features so far and I can not wait for his next advantage. I prey on God that he does not do a graveyard quoted, written and directed by a man suffering from the disorder of masculinity, Paul Anderson. Vincenzo old friends if Paul touring on your plate, RUN !!! Run like the wind !! I hope this guy does not go to Hollywood like Alex Bruas did (with the fun and sugar-filled helium, and I: a robot!). Keep your eyes peeled for this man. ****
