When it came out, this was pretty much the latest entertainment for the music movie. To this day it is more entertaining than most, largely due to the fact that James Kane is in the lead as a producer of music presented under a series of deadlines and protected from all the storms by the reliable "Friday Girl" played by Joan Blondell. The musical numbers near the end collected by Busby Berkeley are a knock-on blow as far as this kind of thing goes. <br /> <br /> But this is a rather strange film. I mean in one of these figures, that Billy Barty is running pretending to be a lovable little boy, doing all sorts of weird things. It seems that Ruby Keller has a disgusting smile pasted on her face at all times, but at least she is not obliged to act as in some of her later unfortunate films. You never guessed that Dick Powell was a strong person to see in this film; it seemed that all the energy of the strong man of Kane was devoted. As for Cagney, his high-pitched screams about musical performances, etc., are both grainy and annoying. After a while you get it too much. You expect him to come out and say, "Oh, I have a great idea of ​​an introduction! Women are cigarettes and they are getting out of a pack of smoke! Oh no, we did this last month!" It's funny but it's a little repetitive. In the moments when she is tough with the bad girl, Ruth Donnelly, some of the well-known gang figures in Kanye appear. In fact, William Kigli, the gangster's frequent boss, is attributed to training dialogues, and sometimes it seems that Kani and Blondell conjure up something "wonderful" even though the characters are not criminal. <br /> <br /> The music numbers ... What can you say? They stand alone as entertainers, and the way Berkeley uses the human body and engineering is truly spectacular. But none of them really mean anything. This means "honeymoon hotel", nothing more or less really. All the pretexts of integration collapse immediately, since the characters in the show do things that can not be appreciated by the audience of the theater such as the film. For example, at some point, they show accurate publications on a newspaper, and things like that. The whole thing can only be found in the film, so the idea that browsers are actually live shows is a silly idea. I can only assume that the masses at the time were somewhat less important in matters like this than they were ten years or so ago, because this is a very polished production. <br /> <br /> It's great to see Kani himself showing up his wonderful dance skills, and he can actually share the stage with a dancer like Keeler. Kanye and Blondell enjoy excellent chemistry and their sights explode well. The music I would like to say is only modest music, but most of them are fun if repeated. The direction of bacon in general is very appropriate but is never interesting. The entertainment value of the film is unquestionable and has also gained some nostalgia along the way. It is a clip of most of the films "Let's Show a Program" in the 1930s.
