The opium den, a dirty little boy (actually a dwarf), an abundance of prostitutes, violent vapors in diving, motels for people of sexual prostitutes, girls dressed in sinister clothes with many cleavage, bozar falling on the stairs, Equally, does this sound like a movie playing in a local shopping mall? Error. These are all scenes from a musical in 1933. <br /> <br /> The first half of "Footlight Parade" is the preparation of a musical piece that occupies the last half of the film. Chester Cagney is about to lose his job and lose his wife, who plays her role as a result of talking about images that give up live musicals. His producers take him to a well-known modern vision today, John Wayne in The Big Track. Before each display of the flick, the dance number is presented as an introduction. Shorts, news rollers, serials, and cartoons will later serve this purpose. Kent gets the idea that the introduction series will be the way to salvation for the work of the diminutive living musician. Kent is basically a man of idea-style designer Busby Berkeley dances. Can you be a kaney character embellished after Berkeley? It could be. <br /> <br /> In preparation for the introduction, you learn that his ideas have been stolen by a competitor. Discovers the traitor, shoots him, and then ignorant of a new leak in the form of a wonderful temptation. His assistant, Nan Prescott (Joan Blondell - who will soon become Mrs. Dick Powell), has strong temperatures for Kent, and is determined to expose the tricks of glamor. A new Arkansas College vocalist, Scottie Blaine (Dick Powell), turns out to be a real finder with Bie Thorne (Robbie Keller). The three resulting musicals, which could not be presented at any cinematic stage today, are as fresh and enjoyable today as they were more than 70 years ago, Honeymoon Hotel, The Waterfall, and Shanghai Lille. "<br /> <br /> It is interesting to note that the song and dance of the strongman James Kany, like Fred Astaire and Bill" Bojangles "Robinson, the dance in Cagney appeared natural and was not realized, although the hours worked to make each A true step was not a good Astaire singer, like Cagney singing, like Astaire, seemed natural, unlike the very famous singing of the time.It's amazing to have one person who is very talented and versatile like James Cane. > Most critics prefer the Shanghai Lille class to others, however, the glittering choreography of "By a Waterfall" is amazing how Berkeley was able to portray underwater ballet and create The human snake series must be difficult because it has never been repeated.Clear shots mixed brilliantly with distant angles are a must.Obvious black and white photography is more artistic than if it was photographed in color. <br /> <br /> Although His lack of social recognition of the 1933 "Gold Diggers", but "Footlight Parade" stands on its own as one of the most amazing and outrageous works on the big screen.
