First, here's a summary: Queen Alto Leigh (Lynn Laurie) is killed by her porn lover Max (George Shannon) in Russian roulette. Another alta lover, ice casting agent like Camilla Stone (Mary and Ronoff), provides an excuse for Max. But Camilla has her own agenda, and the plan involves seducing the innocent actress Julie (Lynn again) in a network of sexual mind games. When the identities of lookalikes are not clear enough, the theater is ready to retaliate with the same passion for the hottest confrontation. <br /> <br /> Although this film is completely mysterious and has not received much attention, I find it exciting, a suspicious gem. The goddess of worship and Ronoff has one of her best roles at all, and she and Wory are sexually innocent and play each other well. Gershon Kingsley's disturbing music, along with two original songs ("All-American Boy", "Jaynetts" Sally, Go 'Round the Roses ") are memorable. Theodore Gershuni's sharp direction, with everything painted in silent earth tones, suggests perfectly well that bad business shines under the upper crust of society. With a lot of wonderful ambience in New York, Ondine (friend of Waronov and his colleague Warholit) offers a wonderful performance in a small role, and Monique van Foren as exotic as Max's former wife in a comic sub-plot. This sub-plot, though entertaining, seems to belong to another film altogether. However, I do not complain, since the film is so soft when the gears changes which is a more interesting hell than that exciting erotic trash is currently outside. <br /> <br /> Trivia: Sugar Cookies I was originally classified as X and released by General Film Corporation in 1973. I am the proud owner of an original one-page poster - I was lucky! In 1977, the film was shot for R and re-released by Troma, which is now on video. Mary and Ronoff were Theodore Gershoni's wife at the time, and she was uncomfortable as she performed sexy lesbian scenes imitating her behind the camera. It can also be seen in two of his previous productions, Kemek (1970) and Silent Night, Bloody Night (1972).
