A former writer and journalist, Simone Hever, a writer and journalist, put forward the theory that, as British filmmakers in the 1980s often criticized what they called "Britain Thatcher," comedy films Ealing were meant to ridicule Atles Britain, After the Labor Party won the 1945 general elections. This theory was not meant to apply, for example, to "soft hearts and crowns" (which are, if any, satire in the upper classes of Edwardians) or "The Ladykillers "Or" The Lavender Hill Mob ", both of which may contain some satire but are not political In nature. However, it can be applied to most other movies in the series, especially "Passport to Pimlico". <br /> <br /> Pimlico is, or at least in the 1940s, a working-class area mostly London, located on the north bank of the River Thames, one mile from Victoria Station. It is not entirely correct to say, as has been said so often, that the film revolves around Pimlico "declares himself independent" from Britain. What happens is that an ancient charter shows to the light that in the fifteenth century the area was ceded by King Edward IV to the Duchy of Burgundy. This means, technically, that Pimlico is an independent state, and it has been almost five hundred years, regardless of the wishes of its inhabitants. The government has promised to pass a special parliamentary law to rectify the anomaly, but until the law receives royal approval, the region remains outside the UK and British law does not apply. <br /> <br /> Because Pimlico is not subject to British law, the proprietor of the local bar has the freedom to open any hour of his choice and local shopkeepers can sell whatever they wish to whomever they wish, without hindrance under the laws of regulation. When other traders begin to move to the area to sell their goods on the streets, the British authorities are horrified by what they see as a legal black market and the closure of the region to try to force the "Burgundians", as the Pemlicos have renamed themselves, to surrender. <br /> <br /> Many comedies have a major idea about the little guy who takes the system, either as an individual as in "The Lavender Hill Mob" or as part of a larger community as it happens In "Whiskey Galore" or "The Titfield Thunderbolt". The main theme of "Passport" is the subject of ordinary men and women practicing bureaucracy and government regulations that seemed to be an increasingly important feature of British life in the 1940s. Your film's goal is the rationing system. During the war, the regime was accepted by most people as a necessary sacrifice in the war against Nazism, but it became increasingly controversial when the government tried to keep it in time of peace. A key factor in the growing unpopularity of the Atley administration, which was elected by a large majority in 1945, organizations such as the British Housewives Association have been established to campaign for the abolition of regulation. I can not agree with the reviewer who stated that the main goals of the film's irony were "spivs" (black marketers), who play a relatively minor role in the film, or the association of housewives, who do not appear at all. The satire is largely aimed at bureaucrats who are portrayed either as having a "rules for rules" mentality or wanting to get through the group and avoid having to take any action at all. <br /> <br /> I think that if the film is produced today, it will have a different ending with Pimlico staying independent as a British version of Monaco or San Marino. (In fact, I think it is likely today that this concept will serve as the basis of the television sitcom instead of the film). In 1949, four years after the end of the war, filmmakers were keen to emphasize national identity and British identity, so the film ends with the re-assimilation of Pimlico in Britain. One of the best known lines in the film is "We have always been English and we will always be English and because we are only English we hold our rights to be Burgundians." There is a sharp contrast between the formal and heartless position with the common sense, tolerance and sense of humor enjoyed by the Cockneys of Pimlico, all of which are presented as basic British characteristics. <br /> <br /> Most events occur during summer droughts and extreme heat waves, but in the final scene, after Pimlico returns to the UK, the temperature drops and begins to rain. Global warming may have changed things a bit, but part of the years of being Britain has been the ability to believe, whatever the statistics may suggest to the contrary, that Britain has an unusually humid climate. The ability to make jokes about this climate was equally important. <br /> <br /> There is a good performance from Stanley Holloway in the role of Arthur Pemberton, the political grocer and small-time prime minister of Pimlico Free, and an amusing veil from Margaret Rutherford as Patty's history professor. However, in the first place, this is appropriately appropriate for a film about a small community that joins together, as an example of group acting without real star performances but with the contribution of everyone in an excellent film. He lacks the will and the grudge of many modern satirical films, but his intelligence and his appeal are not less effective. Is still one of the ironiest jokes about the bureaucracy ever made, and with the possible exception of "Kind Hearts and Coronets" is my favorite character among Ealing comedy. 10/10
