It is true that Danny Steinman's "The Unseen" is a simple horror film with a highly predictable plot, there are no special attempts at distractions or surprises at all, and literally displays all the clichés brought to this genre throughout the ages, but this does not necessarily make it a movie Bad. On the contrary, I and my friends were pleasantly surprised by this mysterious feature but nevertheless, it was a feature of the 1980s that benefited mainly from a handful of brutal images and full brilliant casting. Beautiful and ambitious journalist Jennifer Fast and two of her charming friends travel to a small city in California to film a documentary at the anniversary festival, but their hotel forgot to register their booking. In their search for a place to stay, the trio runs to the very friendly and suspicious museum curator Ernst Keller who invites the girls to stay at his remote rural palace. One by one the girls experience that Keller and his sister are very introverted and subject Victoria to hide the mystery of darkness and the killer inside their house. The "unseen" can easily be described as an inexpensive and ultimately uncommon combination of "psychic" horror classics and "Texas Massacre Massacre". The plot is a series of familiar themes that have become infamous and imitated infinitely because of these two films, such as twisted family secrets in the cellar, snooping, crazy fungal killers, and the very unappealing treatment of chickens. However, I do not consider these negative reviews, because the film "The Unseen" is a film that is completely pathetic and unstable, and is never meant to be the greatest classic horror in the decade. Although the cancellation of this plot is quite clear, the director Steinman tries to keep the mystery by keeping the evil present in the house "invisible" like the promised title. Casting choices and performances are really what lifts this sleeper above the middle level. Sydney Lasek, who has been immortalized since his role as a very anxious mental patient, Charlie Cheswick in "Flying the Cuckoo's Nest" is really the perfect choice for Ernest Keller's role. The constant friendliness and almost perverse appearance are exactly what you need personal. Stephen Forrest, who eventually turned from the unseen to the viewing, also performs an enormous performance as "Junior". He behaves and acts like an authentic handicapped man and his attempts to get close to Jennifer in the basement are not really real. "The Unseen" is a slow, predictable but yet powerful film in the early 1980s, which will appeal to the 1970's and generally exotic.
