Get this movie if possible. You will find a really good performance by Barbara Bach, a beautiful film of an old house (and incredibly clean), but an unexpected creative performance by ?? "The Unseen". I picked up a used version of this film because I was interested in seeing more of Bach, whom I just saw in The Spy Who Loved Me. I really like the classic actresses and I really appreciate them more if I manage a little bit. So: we start with a nice new hypothesis. TV reporter Bach penetrates her boyfriend and goes to cover a festival in a California city, Solvang, celebrating her Swedish origins by setting up a big public festival. She brings a photographer who happens to be her sister and another colleague. (The late Karen Lam plays the sister of Bach, and if you know the celebrities that each of these ladies are married, it is very funny watching Bach (Ms. Ringo Starr) and LAM (Mrs. Dennis Wilson) as she walks down the street and having a sister fight.)) Is it? Followed by a disgruntled lover from Bach to Solvang, because he did not succeed in arguing with her. There is still a lot of feeling between them, but she does not want to watch him and he is rupturing himself more than ever about his career in the world of football. The ladies arrive at Solvang to do the job of their station, only to find their reservations given to someone else. (Maybe to a friend of Bach, because thinking about him? Where will he stay?). Girls ask around but there is nowhere to go. They accidentally try to get into an old hotel that now works only as a museum. They grab the attention of the landlord Mr. Keller (the late Sydney Lasik), who decides to be a gentleman and puts them in his house, insisting that his wife will be happy to receive them. No no! The next thing we know is that Keller is making a phone call to his wife, warning her that the company will come and threaten it will play better. Trouble in paradise! The ladies are anxious to settle down and return to Solvang to shoot shots and interview the Swedes, but one of the girls is not satisfied. Bach and Lamm leave behind and wonder about Ms. Keller (who played sadly for Leilia Goldoni) who seems to have lost her best friend. Talk about this topic ?? Under the weather, Vicki gets out of her clothes and gets into a nice hot tub, unaware that Keller has sneaked into her room to inspect the keyhole. Hear him, think he came to deliver the linens, and thank her. Lassick did a great job in this scene expressing Tom's peeping old pain did not have a long enough look. After leaving, poor Vicki flows to bed for a nap but breaks away with real speed (in a decent and really scary work tour) because of something big sneaking through a cast net on the ground? Unseen! Lamm comes to the house afterwards (Bach is out of the argument with her lover) and can not find anyone at home. She knocks on a plate of fruit in the kitchen, on her hands and knees to assemble her, her hair and her modern scarf tugged attractively over the black floor grille? Attract the unseen again! Well, as the poor mother approaches her calm in the kitchen, we recall Mr Keller's past and get the full story of what his really sick and sadistic background really is and why his wife does not smile much. Bach finally gets home and wants to know where her friends are. Meanwhile, Lasek was briefed on the noon massacre by his wife who was crying and decided that he could not leave Bach outside the building to reveal his house secret. He lures her to the basement where the last work of the Keller family tragedy is finally opened to all of us. <br /> <br /> I can not say enough for Stephen Forrest, whom I have never seen before; obviously he has done his duty in this role, studying ways of communicating and expressing the destructive brain; Bach and Goldoni, each in his different way, Give the film a glitter. Not only that, but the film will end with a satisfying decision. There are no stupid cheap tricks, fickle dialog, or pathetic angles ... a real treat for your group.
