The dolphins returned to Lundgren! Detention is the first film for Dolphs about two years ago, followed by a hidden agenda. This film still represents an improvement for Dolph because of a trio of trio of Gil Ribes, Reed Agent and Sturmacher. But this film is far below the level of the hidden agenda, which was better in almost all respects. What this movie enjoys for its former Dolph picnic, is the feeling of cheery fun. The film also returns to the revitalized Dolph in an exciting role, and it is good to see Dolph playing his exciting duties again. <br /> <br /> The story of the films is an irony and a prelude to the movie B. Now a former army man is a teacher and on his last day of teaching, while sitting in the detention room, running to some of the Slovak bad guys who took over the school to use As a cover for a large drug deal. The film has no originality, but in a movie like this, you have to have fun with all the cliches. If you take it seriously, the audience will find little to enjoy it. Fortunately, filmmakers do not take things seriously and along all the cliches you can think about and predict, this film is very bad, it's a kind of fun. <br /> <br /> where the film is let down is to use a fairly decent budget miss. Budget about $ 10 million did not spend well. It's all on the screen with a lot of carnage and big bangs but a lot of shooting lacks imagination. The opening work is fine but then the good moments become clearer. There are some good moments. You have a car wandering around the corridors of schools for example and a decent correction at first, with a lot of destruction. The rest of the shoot is fairly mechanical but a lot happens on the screen. <br /> <br /> As for the representatives. A hidden agenda boasts the best actors with whom Dolph has worked throughout the ages. There was a good level of actors for DTV. But this has problems. The actors are mostly bad. The bad guys are terrible, but the bad guy has some kind of delightful cheese because Alex Carsis plays him on top and without a hint of any threat you can laugh at him. The teenagers of the piece are really good but they play such vulgar characters. They all hate power, have bad attitudes, and of course learn important lessons in life, but they are generally decent and have Chris Collins in particular. This movie is all about Dolph though. While this film is nowhere near the best it has, it is nowhere near its worst. It also represents a turning point in his career. He's back in good shape and will be better off in Direct Action. Dolph looks enthusiastic here, doing all his stunts, and it's good to see him playing the role of the typical man (running from explosions in slow motion, one plane, dealing with big guns) back in a movie like the old one. With less imagination and imagination than vulgar movies like a single army. It is good to see Dolph looking to activate. Over the past eight years or so, his films have seen the appearance of Dolph in a slightly more tired state, and the use of doubles a lot (still fighting himself though) but it seems that the new Dolph seems simplified. <br /> <br /> In general, this is waterproof if only for the value of cheese and Dolph in the main man mode. There is no one surprise but they have a kind of incompetent magic for laughter. **
