There was an old-fashioned political documentary, "Why We Fight," which tries to examine the famous military industrial complex and its control of this nation. This is both controversial and decisive in proving his case against both this complex failure and the war in which we are currently involved in Iraq. However, a series of the most famous films, of the same name, were produced during World War II, by Hollywood director Frank Capra. Although they are considered documentary films, and won the Oscars in this category, this series of the seven films is really pure, more in the context of the victory of Lenny Rivnesthal, which won the film "Kapra", which is recycled scenes for his own purposes. However, this fact does not mean that it does not have vital information that subsequent generations of World War II documentary films (such as the BBC's The World At War) do not mean that it is worth less as a basic source. valuable. I've been skillfully made, and after buying some recently used DVDs at the discount store, I found myself a chance to pick a free DVD with my purchase. You chose the DVD Goodtimes collection for the four DVDs of this series. <br /> <br /> There was seldom something free worth its value. Although there are no additions to DVDs, and the sound quality of the prints varies, these films provide an insight into the minds of Americans two thirds of a century ago, when racism was public (as in many other classic Warner Brothers comics) Era), and there was something wrong with blatant distortion of the facts. The seven films, produced between 1942 and 1945, are "Prelude to War," "Strike of the Nazis," "Divide," "Battle of Britain," "Battle of Russia," "Battle of China, War comes to America. " <br /> <br /> In general, the series of films deserves to be seen, not only for obvious reasons, but for the subtle things they reveal, such as the use of plural for terms like X millions when referring to dollars, rather than the modern singular, The entire series - a Japanese sword penetrates the center of Manchuria. However, it also shows the complexities of trying to apply the standards above the current wars. The lesson of the First World War (avoidance of foreign entanglement) was not applicable to World War II, whose special lesson (early disposition against dictatorships) was not applicable in America's three major wars since then: Korea, Vietnam, or Iraq. The fact that much of this series oscillates around uncertainties in times of manufacture only confirms their historical value in times of information blockage today. This may not help you sort the truth out of lies and propaganda today, but you will realize at least that you are not the first to stand in such a weak position, and will not be the last.
