This is a great action action film in my opinion, with great characters, lots of movement, and amazing performance from Dolph Lundgren, yet Alex Karzis is as awesome as the villain! The story is very good, and I found that children are loved for the most part, in addition to that Dolph Lundgren is amazing in this! The motion scenes are excellent, and are quite similar to Die Hard except they fall in a school! , In addition to Kata Dobó very threatening and controversial! The conclusion is very exciting, and has a cool emotional moments too! , Yet I wish she had another evil, because Alex Carisis did not reduce it as the very evil way, and laugh at my taste. This should be higher than 4.1 in my opinion, where I thought it was a wonderful movie, and while the children were so stupid sometimes, they became very tricky because the film went on! The end was very entertaining, and the character of Corey Siver was my favorite student! And Dolph is still getting it! It's a fantastic amusing movie in my opinion, with great characters, lots of movement, and amazing performance from Lundgren! , But Alex Carisis is as terrifying as the villain, I still highly recommend this. The trend is very good! Sidney J. Furie does a very good job here by doing great work for the camera and good angles and keeping the film at a very fast pace! There is little blood and violence. We get a lot of very bloody gunshot wounds, a knife on the side of the head, bloody stock blows, and another enormous. Great acting! Dolph Lundgren is as amazing as ever, and amazing here, he is very lovable, kicking as usual, having a wonderful chemistry with the children, and has a very attractive personality and may not show much anger, he was still hungry to watch! I have! (Rules Lundgren !!!!!). Alex Krzys is a terrible god as villain, he was funny OTT, he was boring, not a threat at all, he also bothered my crap. Kata Dobó was very exciting like a side kick and did what she had to do, she was the real villain in my opinion! Curie Siver was as funny as Mick, and was my favorite student, and already started to warm him up in the second half, I loved him so much! , He had good chemistry with Dolph as well. Duff Tiffenbach (Willie), Chris Collins (Huggie), Mfu Koaho (JT), Daniel Hampton (Alicia), Nicole Dicker (Charlie) are all as wonderful as the students. Jennifer Baxter is very nice and good like a preacher. Rest cast okay. Overall I highly recommend this one! *** 1/2 of 5
