Jeopardy is a tense and impressive thriller, a story that is higher than B but is not really a great production. It is almost as experimental as the studio he produced, Metro, is looking for new types of movies, stars and directors to compete with the new TV medium at the time. The director, John Sturgis, was the best and best of years. He had recently started directing A-level films, and he had already proved to be a more capable craftsman. The stars Barbara Stanwyck, Barry Sullivan and Ralph Macker were at very different stages of their career. Stanwyck had years of glory behind them, yet she was still able to carry a film, as evidenced here. Barry Sullivan, like her husband, was one of more than a dozen business leaders who began films in the 1940s and did not achieve the success many hoped for. He was well represented on a low level, on standby, but in a medium way higher than the top layer, making him excellent in professional roles. As the convicted survivor is the only person who can save Sullivan's life (besieged by a pier, and the tide is rising), Ralph Maquier is more active than usual. This excellent actor had his misfortune in attending the cinema after Brando and Clift. He was on his way as a good actor like either, but lacked charisma. His dealings with Stanwyck, whose gender demands in return for rescuing her husband (by reference only, as in 1953), make a seductive assumption that if this were a different kind of film, it could raise all kinds of provocative questions Interesting about the personality of Stanwyck. Meeker is actually a more exciting character than Sullivan. In her scenes, Stanwyck was more animated than she was with her husband and son. But since this is an equation picture, not a play for Strindberg, the possibility that Stanoy want to get fling, - aside from the question of her husband's dilemma, - is still not explored. In this sense, the next tide has no effect that one may wish, although the film is still very tense and mushy thanks to excellent acting, photography of precise locations, almost all outdoor, and the excellent direction of the master who has been severely underestimated. Sturgis.
