Like many of the infiltrating pilots, Dark Angel's opening match shows a combination of great potential and a simple problem finding their feet. This is not unusual in any way, but there is a feeling that it could have worked better if the story was tightened and focused a bit more. In today's world, where one has to catch up immediately or cancel the face, this chain caused some damage by not going out at least halfway, as all the weapons were on fire. It really looks like two rings joined together, and each has a problem of concentration. In the first half, we were introduced to Max and paid for. We also get a few interesting actions with Max using their ability to win bets, interact with the main researcher, or solve internal problems for co-workers. The problem here is that this is not a normal thing for any human being who has a normal set of genes, on television or otherwise. <br /> <br /> When we get to the second half we get a story with purpose and focus. Throughout the two halves, Max finds herself the focus of a pirate journalist who feels that the mission in life is to save the world by exposing a dirty dealer at the same time. In the second half, its repercussions catch up, and Max reluctantly cleanses the resulting chaos. This puts the hypothesis for the rest of the entire string, it works, but it does not click completely if it gets meanings. It seems as if most of the pieces are there, but a couple that make a complete picture have been neglected. It may be filled with subsequent rings, but this is next to the subject. The truth is that the contents of this episode can easily be told in twenty-eight minutes less. <br /> <br /> The latest drawbacks are that many of the support elements do not end. The original Cindy in particular is a nuisance, and I doubt that this has changed during the next twenty episodes. While acting is not as bad as daytime soap, it is not of the quality that I commend. Jessica Alba is not the worst actress in the world, but she is no longer short in terms of being convinced when the story is most needed. <br /> <br /> The good news is that the premise and production values ​​are all first class. In fact, this series was considered too expensive to produce, and unfortunately it was canceled in order to replace it with another program that did not last for a whole season. Especially when there was plenty of time for both programs - they could simply remove one of the deceptive bits of trash that were being flipped under the reality television banner. The truth is that we need more offers like Dark Angel, where imagination is used instead of overhype, to attract attention. <br /> <br /> In general, Dark Angel Experimental was given seven out of ten. It never rises above the level of television that is not paying attention, and has never had the opportunity to rise to the level of capabilities that it shows at run time. But the potential exists, and that often matters to the pilots.
