I would highly recommend this movie! I will definitely recommend it personally to my friends and family here and abroad! I was expecting an enthusiastic, I had already ordered online, I enjoyed it so much! It was not out until February 2008, but it's worth the wait! But first go and see the cinema if you can. There is nothing like the cinematic experience of a movie! Insist that your local cinema puts them on! I went to see "Seachd, Pinnacle Unreachable" tonight, here in London and was really impressed. It's a marvel: a really wonderful film filmed in the Scottish highlands: you'll laugh, you'll cry, you'll be moved in different ways, you'll be interested, and with the story unfolding within the stories, you'll be amazed at this revelation. <br /> <br /> This film is in Scottish Gaelic with English subtitles, but do not let it off if you are not a Gaelic: I just started, my son does not, and there were not many people there tonight, and it did not spoil it for us Instrument! Preference is not enough! Photography is awesome - there is no CGI here, and the film is the best for it - here you have a real shot! The script is written with skill and intelligence. The multilayered plot embodies the magical art of old storytellers. Music sometimes gives rise to anxiety, sometimes painful, but it always adds to the surrounding atmosphere. Representation? ... is it ... and the actors? ... They are the real weavers of this wonderful but deep film, especially the main actors, Padreug-The Young and Baderog-the Great (a true poet, if ever!), Both of which carry a very heavy burden! The direction? Well watch out for Richard! Product, responsible for fundraising, recruitment of key personnel, arrange for distributors? Mission well done! I hope you make sure that the distribution goes to our communities abroad! Dear society? Uill, without you it can not happen! We were told that this film was produced at a low budget, but you will not know it, and I think it might be good because, because they may lack the money, they are more than compensating for the richness of the heart. , Warmth and cooperation of the Scottish community. <br /> <br /> Many thanks to all those involved in the creation and care of "Seachd" - M --ran taing! (Thank you very much!) From Giles to the world! From the world to the gale!
