To summarize this documentary in a few words is almost impossible. All of your body's fibers tell you that this does not happen directly from the opening montage of rapid shooting images, until the last shot of Ground Zero, but every frame is real. The story was thought by two French brothers living in New York. Jules (28) and Redhead (31) Naudit (known as "Nau-day") wants to make a documentary film about firefighters in New York City, starting with a "novice" from the academy and following him through the nine-month probation period to the end of the firefighters. For help from their close friend, actor James Hanlon, 36, a representative and firefighter at station 1, engine 7, Naudets browses through the Academy's "probies" and finds one, Tony Benetakos to focus the bulk of the documentary on. <br /> <br /> Tony becomes jokes and slowly learns the ins and outs of station life through the members of this interconnected family. Firefighters have a myth about "Probies". It is either "white clouds" or "black clouds", meaning that with the latter, all types of fires are followed by "Probi". The first means that the fire activity is very small, but one day, there will be the mother of all fires. Tony "white cloud". After some initial growth pains, Tony settles into the fire room as if he were a seasoned veterinarian. Then the unthinkable happens .... <br /> <br /> September 11, 2001 begins with a clear blue sky and an early morning call to go see a supposed gas leak not far from Wall Street. Since Jules had little experience in the camera, Gideon delivers the camera to his younger brother and tells him to ride with her boss, T. K. Pfeiffer. When they arrive at around 8:42 pm, firefighters begin to use their gas detectors over the network. Then a sudden roar of what seems to be a low flying plane behind the scene, and with Gul Jules up, we see the first strike of the day. American Airlines No. 11 flies in the face of the North Tower of First World Trade. Pfeiffer asks his men from the fire engine and heads to the World Trade Center. Once he arrives, Gul is asked to accompany the president to the tower. He tells Pawper Naudet to stick to him. Once in the house, the full impact of the growing disaster begins to appear on the faces of men whose sole purpose is to save lives. <br /> <br /> Gideon Nudit decides to leave the fire room and walk to the collision zone. Once there, the impact of the second plane, United Airlines Flight 175, captures 2 World Trade. He knows that Gul is with the leader Pfeiffer inside the towers. By watching the crowd's reaction and capturing it with what is inconceivable, Gideon begins recording the growing tape of growing fear in lower Manhattan. Inside Tower One, Jules records the world's last sight, or their loved ones will have their children, parents, uncles, grandparents, husbands, friends and friends one by one. Each firefighter with 60 pounds of equipment begins the long, hard climb to 80 stories to rescue the wounded and trapped. Gul also takes another quick look at President Pfeiffer about his brother Kevin, leaving to do his selfless duties. The video was also heard loud in the fallen bodies that hit the sidewalks of victims who choose to jump from the upper floors above the shock zones, as soon as they face death by fire and smoke. But Gul is respectable, never once picked up an exciting moment ... money. His professional work is through baptism of fire. He also discovers the debris from the second tower after the second plane collided and the way firefighters ordered the evacuation of civilians from the building. Then Gul signed the collapse of the South Tower and took the first official victim: Father Michael Jude, chaplain of the fire department. Then, when Jules and Chef Beffer make their way through the fallout of the second tower, the first tower begins to collapse. <br /> <br /> What results are admirable from the Ground Zero perspective, where Jules and Gaydon work separately to document that day. Not knowing if one of them is alive, and each of them fears the worst. When every firefighter arrives at the fire room, they greet each other with a delightful hug to get them back. In one moment of overwhelming emotion, Jules and Jedun reunited. While Gul yells at his brother's shoulder, Gideon embraces his younger brother because Hanlon makes the filmmakers the subject. There is one scary moment when it is believed that Tony Benitekos, who left the station with a former president, may have lost ... but returned to the barn, this "Probi" proved himself. <br /> <br /> With only three clips, 9/11 is a stunning achievement in documentary filmmaking. He ranks first with Hindenburg's footage in the history show unfolding. Naudets should be commended for their skillful handling of the subject. In the hands of the least, the direction is to the excitement, but the young people soften their eyes towards dignity and compassion. Narrated by Hanlon, we feel his words as he draws the audience through the events of September 11. Robert De Niro hosts the program in a dismal and self-controlling manner. It does not look for the camera to its glory, it puts scenes that you are about to see. I also commend the CBS for its courage in broadcasting this special. After disciplining them for trying to get ratings, they ease their release toward the feelings of relatives who have died. This is a must to know anyone who needs to be reminded what the real tournament is. It's not about dodging basketball or selling an album of hate words ... 9/11 is about humanity at its best. Heroic at its best and the cost of freedom. <br /> <br />
