The stunning documentary captured all the chaos and misery that loomed on the horizon in New York City on the morning of that fateful 11 ​​September. The 9/11 events may have been intense, personal and impressive, the biggest documentary film ever produced by accident, giving it even greater appeal. Until that morning, directors Gideon and Jules Naudet were following my firefighters in New York, focusing in particular on a new recruit in a small piece they were launching and dealing with strict training to become a fireman. Outside with the team that depicts another simple routine cleaning routine, Jules lifts the camera to the sky in time to record one of the only known images of the first plane hitting the World Trade Center, and from there there was no simple documentary. More. <br /> <br /> Viewers are given a direct account of what they would be near the ground, where an amazing group of firefighters and a very puzzled photographer are trying to navigate the disaster. Without hesitation, Naudet follows these programmers automatically into the tower while the entire support collapses around them. The unknown fear of imminent death is feared by more lifeability, and any imaginative production can be understood as we see less and become heard and visible to those trapped inside. Nor is he forgotten, the outspoken capture of the elder brother Gideon is taken over an entire city amid crowds of greater and clearer fear, and then anything they have collectively seen. By the time we recognize the collapse of the second tower, while the photographer protects himself from the appalling wreckage, we must all rinse off the dirt from surprisingly captured footage. <br /> <br /> Obviously, filmmakers deserve nothing more than to be in the right place at the right time to document such an extraordinary event, although no one can admire the two brothers in their extraordinary adaptation of the event; Desperate minutes we watch them become like firefighters who document them - only instead of saving the lives they knew they had to save for their cats, even if they were given their own safety. <br /> <br /> After seeing September 11 and seeing it in 2002, I am more resentful of the recent delivery by Oliver Stone, the world's largest budget center. Many have criticized the film for being too ignorant of these survivors trapped in the rubble. Although I enjoyed the film well because of Hollywood's small and emotional focus, the September 11 events make it unfavorable. These sweeping shots will not remain the only single group of that day, but the creative transfer of motives in the middle of the road ensures that this documentary has all the heart and personality needed to keep the event from happening again.
