Super-soft entertainment with excellent actors, prominent text, and firm grip as the 1950s approached. At that time, RKO was transformed into classic sounds by dozens. But regardless of the value of those who fall into darkness, they soon reversed the mood of war to calm the sunny atmosphere of the Eisenhower era. Some films in the late 1940s are far from the Nawar cycle or more suited to the consumer contract coming from this mysterious little comedy. <br /> <br /> Jim Blandings (Carey Grant) acts as an advertisement for Madison Avenue. Where in the words of his little daughter - he sells things to people who do not need them, at prices they can not afford. He makes good money, but like thousands of others, he is tired of living in a crowded "cave". So, with wife Mirna Loy, they went out after their dream home in rural Connecticut. Needless to say, they are in the arms of nature, getting more than they negotiate and in a hilarious way. <br /> <br /> There is almost no dead line in the entire text. I do not know if the writers Panama and Frank have won the Oscars, but they should have won them. Of course, humor revolves around all the problems that arise when the city's residents build a large house on rural land. Accurbs accumulate as quickly as the mortgage, where all alien species manage the construction offer and give Grant a hard time. Of course, no one gets annoyed or frustrated more humorously than Grant, so it's just a good laugh after another, especially when the locked cabinet seems to have a hell of a mind on its own. However, it is curious that the film seems to have no comedic point. Instead, laughter is distributed with great experience so that it does not reach its peak at any given point. It is a real film that wins in any era. <br /> <br /> If we go back 60 years later, we can see how the ideas of the text look forward brilliantly rather than backwards. With the Living Maid, Blandings may not be a typical American family, but postwar migration from narrow towns to vast suburbs was typical. What is the most obvious function of consumerism coming from Blandings as a "declaration" to find more attractive ways to sell more "pork" than anything else, there is a sunny optimism for the film. Oh, sure, the feeling sometimes falters, but the belief that a better future is on the horizon if Blandings sticks to their dream. In fact, life was improving for many people during the next boom, so I expect the film to resonate deeply with today's audiences. This sub-text, which is easily presented, along with the immense entertainment value, makes this film a major postwar statement. <br /> <br /> So, if you have not seen it, catch it next time.
