My colleague bought this documentary and invited me to watch it. She is from China and has heard little about the September 11 events and wanted to know the cold hard truth and wanted to tell her more after the documentary. I was horrified to see this documentary, it was like a nightmare re-awakening and still bringing tears to my eyes. <br /> <br /> But I am very grateful that I saw this documentary because on September 11, I'm sure we all remember where we were and what we did when we heard, each one of us can only think of some questions: Why?" , "How do?" , "what is happening?" , "Oh my God ! ". Almost all Americans were grateful to the firefighters and brave policemen who risked their lives to save others. But I do not think we thought about what was really happening. It was not really supposed to be a documentary about the events of September 11. The photographer was a normal day at work, and they happened to be a few blocks away from the World Trade Center and got everything, outside and in the bar. <br /> <br /> On September 11, I thought to myself, "It's okay, the police and the firemen will get out the people who survived." To be honest, I thought it was an accident, I was in middle school in high school and I changed from the gym and ready to go to the science class. Someone came to the locker room shouting, "Some buildings have been bombed in New York!" , All of us dressed fast and ran to our ranks watching the first burning tower on television. After only 15 seconds live on television, the second plane crashed into the other World Trade Center and we realized that this was not a coincidence. A few minutes later, we heard about the Pentagon and there was a plane bound for Chicago but it was dropped. Many thoughts focused on our heads and I kept thinking, "What will the firefighters and the police do?" But for them, they thought they would know what to do. <br /> <br /> The first tower collapsed, we knew it, now many souls are gone, the second tower is broken, and things will never be the same. Firefighters in this documentary showed courage, confusion and strength, and genuine human emotions. They did not know what to do, they felt as distressed as those other people who were in the towers. They heard the bodies fall on the ground from people jumping from the windows. And here I was in a semester just crying to see everything that was happening on TV. I was amazed at this film and just wanted to go to New York and tell them how grateful they are to all Americans to help them. I know they feel like they're just doing their job, but they did more, they were a hero. Every day after September 11 for 3 weeks they continued digging with the knowledge that there were no survivors, but they continued to hope and pray. Bless God in their hearts and courage. <br /> <br /> As for my roommate, she was crying and acknowledged that this was the first time she had cried for these attacks. I know what happened on that tragic day. I asked, "Why?" I did not know what to say, it breaks my heart that people can be this evil. "It seems like a clique," he said, "but it was a normal day for everyone." No one expects this to happen - not so, those people in World Trade Centers, Pentagon or hijacked planes were just doing their jobs, There, or even there for a second time, they were not only killed, they were slaughtered, and the kidnappers did it with a song in their hearts ... Then we see in the Middle East all the people celebrating, why do people do this? They celebrated death and lost: mothers, fathers, sisters, friends, friends and grandparents Aunts, uncles, cousins, etc. Why? <br /> <br /> To Thank you guys for producing this documentary, you really think about the firefighters, the police and the troops in Iraq and keep your hopes of having good people in this world Thank you to all these people, you are our heroes. 10
