In conjunction with the onset of the baby boom, the years after the Second World War witnessed an unprecedented displacement of Americans moving from their city apartments to the suburbs where they could realize their dreams of owning their own homes. Output of H.C. Potter and co-authored by Norman Panama and Melvin Frank ("White Christmas"), these surprising, surprising and surprising comics of 1948 embody the feeling of that period very well. Of course, it helps to get a trio of expert festivals ?? Carrie Grant, Myrna Lowe and Miley Douglas are particularly sharp ?? The head of the proceedings with a natural prospect at odds with mounting frustration of home ownership. Although the film is sixty years old, only the timeless quality of the Blandings dream and the barriers they face in achieving it. Hollywood is obviously thinking about it because it has been reproduced at least twice - first Tom Hanks' highly physical comedy, The Money Pit 1986, and again last year with the Ice Cube in "Have We Not Done Yet?". You will see a look at the HGTV programming schedule as the situations explored here continue to resonate today. <br /> <br /> The plot begins with advertising man Jim Blandings and his wife Morell and their two daughters in a two-bedroom bath. Manhattan apartment. Instead of pursuing Muriel's idea of ​​renovating the apartment for $ 7,000, Jim sees a picture of the Connecticut house in a magazine and realizes that this is where they need to be moved. With the help of an opportunistic real estate agent and against the advice of lawyer and family friend Bill Cole, Blandings decided to buy a badly dilapidated house in need of repair. However, the institution is collapsing so badly that the house needs to be demolished in favor of a new home. This ignites Blandings to push the architect to design a house so excessive that the second floor is twice the size of the first. The costs go up with all the new complications, fury and rage, and even imagine a romantic triangle between Jim, Morrell and Bill. Finally, the same priorities are classified but not before laughable scenes and intelligent dialogue ignorant of the ignorance of new homeowners with this happiness. <br /> <br /> Thanks to his double wounds and his error-free line-up, this kind of farce summarizes Jim Blandings's most mature characters in the middle of his career. In a role originally played in Irene Dunn, Mirna Loy shows why she was Hollywood's ideal wife. She does not get many lines of entertainment, but she combines her own blend of exhilaration and joy to make Morel an attractive figure on her own. The master of the house watched her with an ingenious palette of strange colors. As Bill Tarifa, Bill Smoking ("Cool Bill Cole"), Melvin Douglas shows his natural ellan, as easy as the foil trap. The younger roles are filled with experience with particularly memorable maneuvers by Harry Shannon as good diggers Mr. Tessander and Lorraine Tuttle as assistant to Jim Marie, and Louise Beavers as Gandhi's beloved servant in Blandings. DVD 2004 provides some interesting old material, including two copies of the radio for the film - the first version of 1949 ended up pairing Grant and Don, then associating Grant in 1950 with his wife, actress Betsy Drake. The most appropriate caricatures of 1949, "Tomorrow's House", are included, providing us with a comedic tour of the future dream house. The original play trailers of ten of Grant's classic films complement the additions.
