Japanese Keko Mask Tomo Akiyama (1993) is a very enjoyable and very enjoyable rubbish film to watch! There are also some sequences, but I have not seen them because these films are extremely rare. A kind of re-publishing will someday be nice because I think many trash lovers prefer these films. The tongue spins in the story of the cheek around a very strict school that teachers believe is appropriate to torture students for discipline, which, according to teachers, is the most important thing in education. The school is led by an incredibly funny look (just look at the outfit!) The human therapist / whatever, who looks like a school principal, just adds to the campus that he never explained why he is wearing such an outfit since everything else teachers wear Usually quite. Well, the main thing in the film is his name, Mask Keko Mask, which is some beautiful and masked horses, which always comes to save girls and students who are abused and tortured by teachers! Yes, this super hero is one of the female actors who is beating and fighting evil teachers with a purely cheesy graphic playing on the background. The most important thing is, of course, that she only wears a head and a mask with the rest of her naked body! Her identity is never revealed in these films, as the credits say "Mask Keko: Unknown" while the names of actors are listed! <br /> <br /> The most joyful thing about this movie is how Keko kills its enemies. She has a gorgeous vagina, but he's a murderer! Yes, you read correctly. She kills his victims by flying in the air in front of them, spreading her legs and leaving the enemies fascinated by the vision, and then fly closer and pick her necks with her legs! The last common line of characters in this film is: "I have never seen such a beautiful vagina" and "Now I can die in peace". This movie is absolutely awesome !! <br /> <br /> There is also some great disdain towards Japanese society, for example its attitude towards sex in movies (Japanese censorship visually obscures all pubic hair in any film) and also about some restrictions among school students Girls and boys are not allowed to speak in this film, etc.) There is one wonderful scene in which the nerd sees that the girl knows what she knows for the first time and says: "There is no mist in it!" I could only laugh at this scene because I I thought what the Japanese sergeant thought about it. Also, one character says in the end that he will return, if Japan Films allows the sequel. I'm glad it allowed as I heard that the sequel is both outrageous. One of the results must include Blues Brothers (yes, THOSE Blues Brothers!) In it and so on. <br /> <br /> This is garbage in its most entertaining and entertaining forms as well, and it is a little shame that these films are difficult to find. This will certainly be a bigger experience, if it moves more quickly sometimes where it becomes slightly boring at some point, but fortunately, these slides are very few. This film should be seen as completely believable because there are many garbage items that I do not mention here and it will not be necessary to tell them all here. If you like trash movies and films made from the tongue in the very cheek, I think you will love this little gem as I like, and the director is definitely a genius in this area! 8/10 Perhaps the only film that the vagina is shining is this killer?
