This film has been raced despite its very low rating, because I wanted to see how the crew moved the existence of multiple worlds. In fact, they did not - at least, so it seems. Some of the embossing looks a bit into the film - that's all, that's what most viewers think. However, the surprise comes in the end, and unfortunately, when most viewers have already stopped this film. I was amazed when I saw that the Portuguese Brazilian title for this film meant "a journey to death". This is the spoiler. <br /> <br /> This movie revolves around a little girl who goes alone to this boat (for reasons that are not quite clear), you only understand in the last five minutes. When you start the movie titled "Haunted Boat" in English in your head, you clearly believe that the delusional appearances of strange characters are "ghosts". But in fact, this film is unlike most other horror films that have been narrated from the perspective of a distant writer who can differentiate at almost any time between different levels of reality; it is said from the perspective of a young girl. Do not see it alone, but with four friends because SHE sees them. We do not see it alone. So, the parallel worlds are not the phantom manifestations that flow into the image stream, but the main story! We have at least two parallel worlds: the world where the girl is and the world where the four friends are. A third world may be a young man with medical skills who comes for a short time on the boat. <br /> <br /> I can not get rid of the deep conviction that with this film, filmmakers "tricked" a crowd of several thousand people by allowing them to believe that what they did was a small or more obvious filmmaker with false actors "Hurriedly they met the night before to start filming in the dump after at least a dozen beer. How one can be wrong! But in addition to this big surprise one learns only in the final minutes, the end that follows will give another surprise. The girl is rescued by a crew in a helicopter and another boat. When she recovered from her shock, she again visited the place in the harbor where she boarded the boat with the four friends. And here they are again! Waving them out of the boat that took off the beach. She jumps into the water and reaches the boat - they are far away. Miraculously beautiful. He remembers me a little to the end of a poem written by eloquent writer: When I woke up, I saw death standing on my bed. But I closed my eyes. When I opened them again - he went.
