Strange Fruit, a British non-traditional, but stern-class second band, explodes at the end of the 1970s. The lonely band members walk in their separate ways and settle uneasily in the middle of a dull life in the dull and unspoiled nineties: Stephen Rhea concludes the inherited keyboard bankrupt and unsuccessfully succeeds the beloved main singer Bill Niggi (and fails) following Timothy Spall, Greatness, the practice of solo singing on a remote farm so he can avoid paying huge tax debts, and bassist Jamie Nyle sets up roofs for living. The previous group of lovers turned to the patience and understanding and suffering of Juliette Aubrey, who lived for a long time, to get the group back on a tour that is very unusual and largely catastrophic and very damaging after twenty years of nostalgia reunion to Europe. We have a jagged handful trying to try disappointed, but humbly to ignite a flame that once burned perfectly bright in the day. Billy Connelly and Ragba passion and young guitarist Hans Matheson marked Scigli on a journey full of fun and trouble-filled, but still rewarding and enjoyable. <br /> <br /> The director Brian Gibson shows great respect for each of his particularly pleasant, noisy, loud characters, exaggerating the rocks before the 1970s in general, drinking this small intimate point with a completely charming sense of hearty charm and tireless passion . The script, written sharply by Dick Clement and Ian La Frenais, bristles in the same way with instant dry wit and remarkable moments of happiness on the road madness, which picks up some of the time and often the effects that give the same image a vivid, irresistible glow. Ashley Rowe's beautiful and elegant cinematic photography ensures that the film always looks perfectly luxurious while the brilliant and attractive music is elegantly danced and the right Rockin music. Also glorified to the spectacular grand performances that clearly highlight the burning and amazing soul, but still beats the past heart of the past and was a ragtag rock outfit desperate to regain its former meridian glory in a last-ditch attempt to have a great time of success. All in all, these sparkling gems and high touch are one of the true praying sleepers of the 1990s.
