It might be a bit wrong to open a review by describing a film in terms of other films, but I think it's the best way to give a rough estimate of where the election takes place in the gang track. It works somewhere between The Godfather and Kinji Fukasaku's yakuza opus The Yakuza Papers (AKA Battles Without Honor and Humanity), which is both romantic and realistic, dark and brave. But also a Johnnie To film, with the distinctive touch of Hong Kong authors. <br /> <br /> HK Triad is elected every two years as a new president. Just this time, one of the candidates does not feel complacent about the outcome, so he decides to take things in his hand too much to frighten the rest of the party and the police. This is a short story but be assured that it is much more. As in the Yakuza Papers, there is a great deal of planning, stabbing, forming and changing allegiances (sometimes all it takes is a phone call - in one of the most memorable scenes I've seen in recent times) that may not necessarily make a deep drama But makes an intriguing plot and a good personal conflict. Fans of this type of gangs are likely to appreciate this aspect. Elections are not as practical as one might expect; though they are violent. I am not talking about a glamorous version of Hollywood violence. This is dark and gloomy. To the camera is reflected in the scenes of people subjected to brutality in ways that reveal humanity and inhumanity to the perpetrators and victims; after all this violence, it is an integral part of us whether we like it or not. <br /> <br /> If you're familiar with To, you should know what you expect. The speed is relatively slow and deliberate. The film is brilliant, wonderful and dark in equal proportions, using dark shapes (brown, dark green, and orange), while smooth track shots add vivid quality to it. In the end, elections are a strange place. It's not exactly a personal study and it's not a movie-oriented gangs work. He explores the situation (elections and beyond), but he does so elegantly, and is realistic and romantic (the Trinity celebrations in particular echo the Eastern Godfather).
