We can not deny that Hak Se Wui (election in English) is a well-made and well thought out film. The film uses many smart pieces in identification all the time and it plays with modernity but sticks to tradition ?? A theme played throughout the film where John Wu's films in Hong Kong were full of excitement and above all in their explosive content as shown in Hard Boiled (1992). When Hong Kong films settle in the rhythms of storytelling from "bad" in their view, they can sometimes stutter And become an unforgettable place, a good example of which is "City on Fire" (1987). <br /> <br /> The election is an unforgettable film through its unpredictable scenes, spontaneous action and violence, which is done in a realistic and delicious way (if that is the right word), as well as a bit of intelligence in the 'cut' of filmmaking. It is difficult to determine where to watch, but the elections are really based on three types of actions: there is the first point of concern that involves the actual elections and who is voted on ?? Not everyone loves decision but what uncles say, go. The second chapter is the retrieval of the ancient stick of China which must be the requirements of tradition present during the opening with the last third after the inauguration and some characters who will come up with their own ideas about how the trilogy should be administered. Some events and twists occur during each of the two thirds, some small and intangible, while others are much larger and more spectacular. <br /> <br /> The elections have some drawbacks as the majority comes in the inaugural third. It is clear that trying to get rid of the time surrounding the elections, which takes only a few minutes to complete, has been a difficult task for writers and film directors, and this appears in many points. I felt that a scene was just starting to go somewhere before being intercepted by the police and then everyone was arrested. There is a secret meeting about the brawl between the Triads but the police are showing up and everyone is being arrested; some other triads are having a pre-election conversation, but the police are showing up and guessing what? As you know. <br /> <br /> Once the film comes out of this path that I thought it would do, it uses a sacred stick as a plot tool to move everyone. Saves the stick some good fighting scenes like chasing the truck after it was hot, and chasing other motorcycle and Kung Fu battles with a load of melee weapons on a street? The viewer is unpredictable, realistic and violent but as I said, they are in a "delicious" way. Where elections really rise is their attention to these minute details. When the Triads are in prison, the bars are covered with wires, indicating that they are all animals in cages, so they act outside when they are in conflict. Another part of the attention to detail is how the toast of uncles use tea, not alcohol, and raise themselves above other gangs who use champagne (long long Friday) and also point to the Chinese tradition of drinking tea to celebrate or celebrate. The election is a good film that is well designed to enjoy it and a film that has a wonderful scene while looking at what is happening. Some interior settings and clothes as well as elegance buckets are poured with intensified searching and stalking for the stick. The opening is similar to another short film fully integrated into the film, hinting at Chinese tradition in the process. I feel that the best scene is the final scene because it sums it up completely: two deceiving characters hunt and discuss the rule of the triads while remaining realistic, unexpected and violent: in a delicious way, of course.
