When I think of films of the most fun kind, guilty, the first thing I think of is his 80s. Really bad conditional flick. The standard type of film, where each text was required, was two parts of blood and several nudity to obtain. <br /> <br /> Move forward until the late 1990s. The flickered flick was reinvigorated with the success of Scream in 1996. As in the 1980s, these films were contemporary, concealing the lack of inspiration by describing it as "a parody of the hip and tongue in the cheek" from the original slashes. Among the latest combination of "parody" hits the new hip parody, the only thing worth watching is "cut" the low-budget video. <br /> <br /> Like most of the other "new" cliche clicks, "cut" relies on producing a slash, in which case a 1985 hot "Hot Blooded" movie for that kind of comment. "Hot Blooded" never finished production, due to the murders of a masked filmman, Scarman, a hard-boiled, hard-paced figure with dark eyes and less pupils. Now, 12 years later, a group of film students, whose production professor has taken part, decided to go to the cupboards, take advantage of the remaining original actress, and finish the film. But every time a movie is shown or a scene is shot, Scarman returns and someone dies. In the words of the line, will the film end before it ends? <br /> <br /> It seems that all this is very bad, and to some extent, (is there really something as good as a flick flick?). There is no evolution in character (the "new" director was revealed) to be the daughter of the original director of "Hot Blooded", whose life was apparently destroyed after the production was canceled; Is not mentioned again), and as with all other slashes, there are a lot of bodies to pay attention to. The actors are not wonderful, even by direct standards to the video, but most enjoy their personalities (and for those who are not, the unintended characters act, because none of their characters in the film wanted to work on "Hot Blooded"), especially those lucky enough To play Scarman. The climax "Cut" has no "no" killer as revealed in the films "Scream". She has no stunt murders of "Urban Legend" films. What it has is an original and interesting concept that is mitigated by "this way we can write a supplement if it sells well" ends. But this is equal to the training course. <br /> <br /> According to reasonable viewing standards, this is a terrible film to avoid, but this "quality" is what makes it real for its roots in the italic type, which makes it more fun than any other slasher clicks .
