Twelve years ago, production stopped on the "Hot Blooded" flick where nearly everyone started dying. Now, two film students decided to finish the film, despite the fact that there are rumors that the movie cursed. Well, they're about to discover that some of the curses are real. <br /> <br /> When Scream was released, every country seemed to want to benefit from its success, even Australia. The concept, which was done today to death (an oblique film within a slash film) was at that time relatively impressive and innovative. This movie was released just before Urban Legends: Final Cut and Scream 3 (not good in the United States but in Australia) so I felt like the first movie of that concept. When Urban Legends 2 was released, most of us were fed up with this concept and since the film was not good, the film was disastrous. Now, Cut is not the best flick at all, nor try to be as well. She knows it's an arduous process, and they've even thrown a girl who looks like a blonde version of Neve Campbell in a starring role. But instead of trying to add some new and innovative twists to the story, they decided to get rid of some counterfeit clicks in the 1980s such as "Nightmare at Elm Street" and, surprisingly, that's really effective. Killer is very creepy and this mask is just a killer! Instead of trying to intimidate the public to death, they have created a very good and frightening atmosphere that makes us worried through most of the film. There are some holes in the film although I could not completely ignore it, and the end was the biggest hole in the film. I mean they burned the only version of the film, so where did the hell they found the prints they were showing in the last scene? It does not make sense to tell you. End spoilers. All in all, Cut is a fairly slippery flick with a silly story but I consider it to be one of the best ripping in Scream that has never made it great. I'm surprised that this never got a supplement, but I think it was simply too late. <br /> <br /> The suspicious Australian flicked off some of the fears. Cut is still a wonderful film, and I will have to recommend this film although I consider the story too ridiculous because it is completely ridiculous.
