For the flick, this film is actually better than a lot in this genre. Yes, expected to continue nut function that can be predicted to kill the spree, die people, yada yada yada. However, there are some good pros in this film. I liked the mask worn by the walnut. Surely it is scary to say the least and perhaps unique (although I have never seen every single slanted film ever), but the emergence of the bad because of something I have never seen before, and its way to the end is a new concept, on As far as I know. I really liked the weapon of choice that Mr. Sicko used, for most murders. Homicides themselves are not as graphic as most of this kind, but this is a small concern. The film does not take itself seriously, something that most attackers suffer from. While watching the film, I was reminded of the early "Friday 13" films, which took themselves seriously. There are some concerns about this film. In several scenes, the murderer suddenly feels like one of our horror icons. I mean his movements and reactions when you shoot him, and the way you walked. Of greatest concern, however, is a scene very close to the end, where Mr. Majnoon bears a more striking resemblance (indeed a complete rupture) to another famous horror giant. In the last scene, we have a clumsy movie, again, it looks just like the first horror icon I mentioned. In fact, the final scene is almost completely ripped from another icon in the italic type. These scenes were weak and not original (obviously). By the way, the film is set in Australia, so if you're eating a chuck with Aussie's accent (like me), you'll be in the sky. If they are not, more than it may cause you grief. There is another fantastic thing about this film: the beautiful Kylie Minogue (just not attached to it very much) there is one non-Australian accent, with permission from Molly Ringwald.overall, there are more reasons to watch than no, I enjoyed it and got some fun. So, I must give the game "Cut" 8/10, which may seem too high for some people.
