As with all the films of Angelopoulos, "The Suspended Step of the Stork" implicitly requires close and intimate participation by the viewer, a fact that certainly contributed to the limited popularity of his works. Dialogue is rooted, with no debates or exchanges highlighting internal conflicts of personality, doubts or feelings. The director prefers to keep viewers away from their emotional responses, and instead compels them to explore and study character identities for themselves. As a result, representation is less obvious, rather than overt and explicit. <br /> <br /> The scenes of action are set between long periods of reflection, where the viewer is asked to become a participant, to participate as a representative, by investigating himself. As in the novel, where the entire drama depends on the writing of the author to provide a template in which the imagination of the reader thrives and / or his previous experience, the drama of Angelopoulos lies within his image: his uses for long shots, long duration, fun and leisurely times, dialogues revolve around which became his trademark , Inviting the exhibitor to experience the film from his personal perspective. Angelopoulos uses silence to capture high-intensity moments, returning to the non-verbal language of gestures, looks, sounds, and music when he believes that words can not take us yet. <br /> <br /> Music, written by Ilene Carrendro, a longtime collaborator with Angelopoulos, provides more than a clandestine background, but it becomes an exciting element of the story. A large part of the film is made up of dark, light-colored shots, recorded in the harsh winter light. Angelopoulos offers us "the other Greece", one completely different from Greece for tourist booklets, with the azure blue sky and the emerald sea, submerged under eternal sunshine. Here, the sky is covered with gray, the air is cold and misty, and the sands of pristine beaches have been replaced by the dirty snow falling in the village streets. The genius of Angelopoulos is displayed across the Arvanitis camera throughout the film. <br /> <br /> The Stopped Stork is, above all, a political statement aimed at the socio-political situation in the Balkans at the end of the 20th century. It is deeply concerned about the meaning of "borders" and those who are victims of confusion among nations. In the "waiting room" facing the Albanian border, refugees, politicians or others, are waiting for the untouchables by the rest of humanity. They may be stuck against political boundaries, but unfortunately they still carry with them, and comment on, the borders of deeper ancestors: the borders of languages, customs, and races. Although the political views of Angelopoulos are well known, the film avoids any political discourse on the causes of the plight of the refugees. In this process, Angelopoulos compels us to meditate on the concepts of geographical, cultural, cultural and personal boundaries. <br /> <br /> Angelopoulos is a Greek historian of the 20th century and likes to bring lessons from Hellenic myths to his discussions. In this film, he crosses the border between the Greek and Italian cultures, deriving from the traditions of Homeric and Dantesque combined to travel Odysseus. Alexander is Telemachus, searching for a story about the ancient Greek politician / Odysseus who disappeared, never heard of. This political man, a brilliant fiancé, unexpectedly and incomprehensibly left the comfort of his bourgeois existence, his wife and his brilliant professional life, to live anonymously in a refugee camp with the lowest ones. He became a poet in exile wondering how to change the world. Of course, the "politician" is not Alexander's father, but the "politician" stands before Alexander like the character of the father / Odysseus. As with Homer Telemach, Alexander grows up as a person during his journey. <br /> <br /> Of course, it would be wrong to see in the film a recount of the Homer Odyssey in a contemporary context. Angelopoulos relies on Odysseus's travels only as structural and thematic elements of his film. At the end of Angelopoulos, Odysseus resembles Odysseus Dante: he does not leave for Ithaca but goes "carrying a bag". Alexander / Telemachus "hanging" between returning home and his career, or embarking on a trip to "somewhere else." In an audio comment at the beginning of the film, he rephrased some lines from Dante's "Inferno": "Do not forget that the time of the journey has come again, the wind blows your eyes away." , Although Angelopoulos is not a religious person, there is a Greek Orthodox religious idea presented in the film in the form of men of fine yellow lines, walking around improving things for their fellow human beings by reconnecting contacts, as well as a personality resembling Christ "political." In the latter scene, these yellow men again show the influence of the Byzantine icons in the works of Angelopoulos. They seem like "stylites", religious figures present in Orthodox tradition, secluded and enthusiastic men who took their home on the tops of columns, in a form of asceticism. <br /> <br /> The film ends with no decision as to the true identity of Mastroiani's character. Angelopoulos does not give us any evidence, and the wife's statement, "not him", is far from persuasive and leaves too little ambiguity. The important question in the film is not whether or not he is a disappeared politician, but that he can be a politician. But the film still ends with optimism. While the wires extending from the pole to the pole only work along the river, so the cross-border communication is still not possible, and is still non-porous, we note that this last scene is taken from a cross-river perspective: Reverse Alexander and the viewer to follow-up beyond the limits. In this account, Angelopoulos gives us the hope that some borders will eventually collapse.
