One of the most fun aspects of Asian cinema (or, in fact, anything that is done outside this more sacred United States) is the permutation that emerges. In the Japanese manga (comics) after the Second World War, for example, a truly infinite set of subjects can be found, many of which have been dealt with in a uniquely innovative way. The same thing happens in quality filmmaking too; however, again, I refer to films that have been produced outside the United States. (Where we are only "sophisticated" in our minds closely appreciate anything not related to us or by the United States). Will one American company, for example, not reproduce one, but a series of films featuring a masked professional wrestler (El Santo) or starved (Paul Naschi) or a martial artist (Bruce Lee) ...? As for television: Forget it. While I still love the KUNG FU series, which was starred by the late David Karadin, I always felt that the American version of the Asian martial arts was - how to put it gently - a bit absent. To this very day, there has been no pay-per-view channel for Asian military artists playing the role of Asian military artists in Asia. (There are a lot of pornographic films with core that masquerade as entertainment shows, but the so-called Action Channel, for example, did not import or produce real martial arts series.) Before Brother Cadfile investigated the killings on the BBC, However, at least one Kung Fu film featuring a group of martial artists, in one way or another, is involved in the mystery of murder: five fatal cases. In itself fantastic and exquisite like any other whodunit based on the genre (Western, policeman display, etc.), this martial arts masterpiece stands out as a truly superior piece of work. They are now available from Dragon Dynasty and beautifully printed, and the DVD commentary by Bey Logan is exactly the kind of thoughtful analysis that these jewels truly deserve. If you're a fan of martial arts movies, let's celebrate: one of the greatest films of all time (specifically, martial arts movies in the 1970s and early 1980s) gets a second life long awaited (and highly appreciated second look) on DVD.
