In the late 1940s, the era of comedic comedy ended, with films moving in a different direction, funky and so on. With the television on the horizon, Hollywood will soon enter a very difficult time. Where would one wonder if the films would have gone if television had not come, or had been delayed for five or ten years? Mr. Blandings Builds Dream Dream House offers one special way to develop comedy. <br /> <br /> Jim Blandings, along with his wife and two daughters, lives in a beautiful but crowded apartment in New York City because one day he gets the bright idea that it might be fun to realize his dream of building a suburban house. So he buys some real estate in Connecticut and has one built for his exact specifications. Well, almost. If he knew the problem he was suffering because he might have changed his mind. Then again he may not have. It's your decision. On this weak assumption the results of a wonderful film, full of conflict between the middle class dream of owning his own home and the unpleasant reality of getting home often. Nothing comes easily in this life, as Mr. Blandings learns; but one does not need to be miserable just because things do not always work. There is, after all, long term. But, Blandings asks himself every few minutes, how long? <br /> <br /> This movie is fun. I suppose this is not a masterpiece in the Capra-McCarey tradition, but it is a good successor to the 1930s, and perhaps a harbinger of things to come if television did not fundamentally change the cultural scene. There is real warmth in the picture, and there is a great deal of reality (the sharp) Veldsian with severe edges that dominates periodically, but not as much as leaving a bad taste. All the people in the film are very intelligent and wealthy, but it is certainly a professional upper class and not a wealthy upper class unemployed. <br /> <br /> The leading players Carrie Grant and Mirna Lowe play the role of Mr. and Mrs. Blandings in perfection. . While Melvin Douglas is fine as a practical lawyer friend, he often has to put up unpleasant topics, such as how the real world works. There is also a great sense of what one might call the story of the suburbs that were in its infancy in the immediate postwar years, where one sees the forest and streams that attracted people to the country in the first place. These people are definitely fish out of water in Connecticut so far the countryside is still pretty much. Within a few short years, things will change, as the crazy rush to the suburbs will be on full alert, destroying forever the pastoral innocence that many longed for in small towns, which will soon be linked by highways and littered with bottles and cans, rival competitors Anything one might face in the city.
