Of all the Kung Fu films produced during the 1970s and 1980s, a real cult film was developed. Except for all the films starring Bruce Lee in this film, which stood the test of time and has a unique story. An old man in Kung Fu tells his last pupil, Yang Tie (Sheng Xiang), about five students who have been trained in the past. He wore all five masks and no one saw each other and they were all trained in a different way. Their specialty in Kung Fu is the name they adopted like Lizard, Snake, Centipede, Toad and Scorpion. They are called the "toxic clan" and do not know what happened to them, so he wants them to find them and help those who do good to stop the evil others. An old man who was a member of Poison Clan has a map to hide a lot of money and seems to be a target. Teah does not know how he looks, so he has to mingle in society and try to figure out who they are. Tieh discovered that Snake is Hung Wen Tung (Pai Wei) along with Tang Sen Kue (Feng Lu) who belongs to the centipede and kill a family to find the map. The map was found by a mystery man who turned out to be a scorpion but knew someone who knew who he was. A local cop named Ho Yung Sin (Philip Kwok) investigates the murders with his partner Ma Chow (Chien Sun). Sen has a friend named Lee Ho (Meng Lo) who is a toad and they know each other's identity. The snake bribes local officials to commit homicide on Lee Ho, while in prison he is tortured and killed. When Sin discovers that he is collaborating with Tieh and they go together to fight Tung and Kue. <br /> <br /> Cheh Chang directed this film and was a very special director when it comes to these films. Chang did not run the Kung Fu film mill, and his films were always of their own quality. While most martial arts films deal with revenge, Zhang did not use it as a major theme. Although there is some revenge later in this story, this film is more complicated than that. Five men were trained by the same master in different ways and wore masks. Then they are all in the same area and do not know who the other is. A very unique story makes this film different from all other movies, and most stories were Changs in a semester. I will not put it exactly in the same league as "Enter The Dragon" because Bruce Lee was a world icon and the martial arts he showed were more authoritative. The film still has some impossible exploits such as clinging to walls and all the fluctuations in the air, but this film does not necessarily mean scenes of fighting. More about the intrigue of the story and the characters involved. This alone makes this different from all other kung fu movies. Very good with a unique story.
