"In the old-school kung fu film world, where the vengeance picture was 10 cents, it took a lot to make the film stand out - and even more so to make it a favorite for the fans after all these years. , The themes of loyalty, brotherhood and revenge, as discovered by John Wu (who began his work in the Hong Kong film industry that works for Zhang) during the height of heroic bloodletting during the late 1980s, to more recent films such as " He wears a figure wearing a costume inspired by this film, and you are The influence also has to do with other areas, such as Wu-Tang Clan, TV ads, and video games such as "Mortal Kombat." So what makes this film special? The plot - on the surface - is very simple, and members of a rogue group known as " Poison Clan "who are looking for treasure hidden by their sifu.All C members of the LAN have unusual kung fu abilities, denote their animal patterns, or" toxins "(the orchid can climb the walls, the scorpion has a fatal blow, etc.) . The change is that since the clan always wears masks, not all of them are known who they are. So the simple plot becomes a suspense story. We're not talking about the usual suspects here, but it goes well beyond other kung fu movies at the time. Golden Harvest was not very happy with the text of Zhang - like most of his films, they felt he was very dark and violent - and they really wanted him to add a broad sense of relief to him. Luckily, Zhang stuck his weapons and stayed with the original script, which has since become revered as one of the best films in its time, if not ever, completing an almost perfect dramatic arc and providing the perfect spine for the extraordinary sequence of motion. <br /> <br /> But what really proves the film is the toxins themselves. Chang Cheh achieved a magic formula with actors - not only the acquisition of talented military artists (whose movements, competing without the help of wires or other special effects, put most modern military artists in shame) but also great actors. The formula proved so popular that Zhang usually had one or more toxins in his subsequent films. In most of the old school films, actors seem to be playing cardboard scraps, but the actors here are actually creating characters. Everyone seems to have a favorite name (Lee Kwok - known to many as Mad Dog from Hard-Boiled - Lizard), and it is this personal relationship with the characters created by The Five Deadly Venoms that makes it the true classic of this genre. Even if you're not a fan of old school movies, you need to get out of The Five Deadly Venoms, and if there's nothing else to see where recent films have come from. "
