This is definitely one of the best kung fu movies ever, and it may be one of the best movies ever ... I got a fantastic plot that works like a jigsaw puzzle, with lots of intrigue and intrigue. This film is full of cat and mouse games and imagination, where people hide their identities and nature. The characters in this movie live and breathe far more than the average characters of your kung fu movie. They are all interesting and attractive and the film does a good job of giving them scenes to show their personalities and desires. <br /> <br /> Fighting scenes are like little stories, many of them very original and exciting. She has a wonderful sequence of training and martial arts skills that are so awesome that they enter the fantasy world. There are 5 members of each cm clan with its own style which simulates the special skills of the poisonous animal. The patterns of each of these characters are fun to watch and you can see the techniques they use in the training applied during the film ... When this happens, the director uses a quick way to return to the training venue for a parallel drawing. These tracks are accompanied by musical changes and sound effects and everything works really well. <br /> <br /> There is one thing about this very original movie which is how death is treated. It was clear that director Zhang Chih very worried that the film does not make fun of death. This makes some scenes in the film more effective. We really care when people are killed in this film. This is because the camera still exists in the horror of death even when the bad guys are killed. Some sequences in this film are really intestines. When characters look for revenge, you really feel angry and hurt. <br /> <br /> At the same time, this is also an enjoyable film. It contains all the typical things you would expect from a traditional Kung Fu movie. There is a bad dubbing, characters are ready to fight when the hat fall. Some sound effects are fun, and sometimes the characters behavior is incredibly unreal ... All this adds only to the greatness of the film. <br /> <br /> Do not forget that this filmmaker was visually more talented designer than most of his contemporaries. If you watch this movie closely, you will notice that the artistic skill displayed is displayed. Everything goes fast (because of the fast cutting style and fast camera movements of the genre) so it's easy to overlook how beautiful the film really is. Lighting and composition is sometimes spectacular. The motion and motion of the camera is very sophisticated, along with the quick and interesting editing ... In scenes that capture thrill and excitement, for example, imagine that Hitchcock moves at about twice the speed. Chang Cheh was literally a brilliant artist who knew his type and was able to produce important materials while working within his boundaries. It does not shake a kung fu movie boat, but in a subtle way penetrates its skills in every scene and every shot and they largely add quality work. He is an important film director who continues to influence many people. <br /> <br /> This is the real Kung Fu movie package that is presented on each level. It's an art, it's rubbish, it's moving emotionally, it's fun, it has a real sense of ethics, but it does not allow that morality to hinder the performance of good work. I recommend it to everyone whether you are a fan of this type or not.
