When it was first introduced, this work by the Messel brothers had been highly criticized and considered to be an exploitation. Fortunately, it is now being praised as a masterpiece of documentaries, especially now that society has been exposed to real exploitation of what is reality television, and the bad development of most direct cinema. <br /> <br /> Indeed, at the beginning, we must say that this is not a direct cinema, it is more true. The difference between the two is very small, but the truth is that in this documentary, we feel that there are Meizel brothers, interacting with the characters that were filmed. This also shows that it is not exploitative. The Meysels have been allowed at home and are included in what is a very eccentric situation of a very eccentric family. Both Edith and Edie like the idea of ​​photography. <br /> <br /> It was very frustrating that only the voice of God's narrative and shallow interviews appeared. Here, a complete picture of madness is given to the house, a madness that seems to be going well with both Eddie and her mother Edith. Their house is chaotic, garbage and animals everywhere, the colors and furniture faded throughout the house, the constant battles that are the constant interactions of reality. These two people have lived with each other for the rest of their lives, not fighting in front of the camera because they want attention, but because they can not help talking to each other this way. They know each other well to hide their inner feelings, there is no need. In the end, although they blame each other for their lives, they love each other deeply. Edie says she does not want her mother to die because she loves her so much. Edith says she does not want Eddie to leave her because she does not want to be alone. <br /> <br /> But the most interesting aspect of the film is that regardless of age, the two women can not be girls. They can not help being a singer, the other a dancer. Show all their technical skills in front of their camera. When Eddie David Mesel asks eloquently "Where have you been all my life?" She is really very happy because she has finally been able to show the whole world herself and her wonderful viewing skills. A beautiful image of stylistic significance and charm that is unlikely to be seen again at all, the only way that can be done by Meysels and a few others.
