This documentary follows the life of Big & Little Eddie Bell, the mother and daughter, who lived in a family palace in East Hampton, New York from the mid-1950s to the late 1970s. By the time the directors find them, the palace collapses, and the women, 78 and 56, share a shabby room. The eldest Eddie Bell is the aunt of Jackie Kennedy Onassis and the young woman is her first cousin. The women were originally evicted from the house because of his deteriorating condition, but Jackie sent them money for repairs so that they could continue to live there. <br /> <br /> Sometimes this film can seem exploitative, since none of the women seem to be in the best mental health situations, but at other times, it is hard to look at the film far away. Little lays blame on her mother in her present state, and her mother warns her that Eddie will never be the success she thought she was. Often "Little" seems to be trapped in the past and focuses on the choices she made decades ago, and she likes showing pictures of her youth, where she was obviously the first beautiful. Her mother looks more resigned to her fate, to live the rest of her life in appalling conditions. There are certain hints of the charming life that women once lead, from pictures that show a happy family, to the big picture of the older hands next to her bed. From what we see from the house, most of the rooms are empty, the walls crack and crumble, and Little leaves the food in the attic until the raccoon is eaten. Of course there are many cats spinning around. <br /> <br /> In his heart, this documentary is incredibly sad. While no woman seems to suffer from depression in particular because of much of her life, the laughter they live in is absolutely appalling. It is not particularly clear whether there is even running water in the house, and you have the impression that their family members have essentially abandoned it. <br /> <br /> However, the film, as a documentary film, is a wonder to see, and strongly recommended.
