Cypher is a cleverly designed story about industrial espionage in America in the not too distant future. Although this film is not objectively complicated, it offers many different views about personal loyalty, cruelty, and corporate conspiracy. To a certain extent, this film also attempts to represent modern corporate groups as indifferent to the risks to which contract employees are exposed on their behalf. <br /> <br /> The film begins with a somewhat mediocre man, Morgan Sullivan (Jeremy Northham), who applies to the Digicorp group to work as a secret agent. After an initial briefing with Digicorp's chief security officer, Sullivan is given a new identity (Jack Thursday) and sent to a conference to record speeches by many of the spokespersons on the marketing strategies of each of their companies. Upon successful completion of his first assignment, Sullivan / Thursday is sent on other missions to obtain the same type of information previously collected. However, in one of his "business trips" he inadvertently leads to a woman named Rita Foster (Leo) who met them on his previous mission, and from there things go very, very well. The effects of a satanic plot involving Digicorp's spy program begin to emerge and Sullivan is forced to cover up one of Digicorp's main rivals, thus becoming a double agent involved in the intense competition between the two companies. <br /> <br /> (SPOILERS END HERE) <br /> <br /> The most interesting thing about this film is the effective use of lighting and shadows in many scenes. Bright lighting was used in home / home settings primarily, while many shadows and dark coloring were used for deceptive and cloaking settings. I was also very impressed with Jeremy Northham. I often did not see him in the leading role, and the fact that he plays a directly married married man from Wisconsin was fantastic. Personally, I think it is one of the many players used in the industry who has not given more challenging roles. Lucy Liu was also wonderful for her part and gave the film a real dagger tone. In addition, the rest of the support team did a great job, but my only complaint was that it was possible to explore some characters to make the plot and closure more complex. For example, I would love to see what would have happened had Jack Thompson developed a more intimate relationship with his second "wife." In general, this is a story of a cleverly developed cloak and dagger that keeps you kept informed about personal and professional guesses and whether anyone can be trusted in the entire film. With smart, stylish soundtracks and superb camera work, this film provides a terrifying look at how companies work in the near future. I am surprised that I have never seen this "hidden jewel" before. It's a great spy story, not too complicated, so I give it 9 out of 10.
