Cypher is an intelligent, effective and scary film. Its good hypothesis is presented well and its content is presented in an effective manner but also in a manner that requires the type. Although one can immediately describe the film as a science fiction, it is still a little more. It has clear science fiction features, but the film is more like a noisy / informative than anything else that really adds to the story. <br /> <br /> The film, in general, presents as a kind of nightmare; thus building and maintaining a good atmosphere. We are not ever sure what exactly is happening, we are never sure why some things happen, and we are not quite sure of some people, like the dream ?? Is there any mystery? The hero is included and I have never seen this monstrous in this way in a film before, with the exception of Brazil from Terry Gilliam. Moving to the ease we mentioned earlier, Cypher introduces elements of terror as well as detective, light, and science fiction, giving a sense of something to each person that integrates its elements well. <br /> <br /> Also a sense of spy for the movie that helps the detective side of the story. The mystery of almost everyone is worrying at the very least and I find the fact that the character of Rita Foster (Leo), which is supposed to resemble women's gestures, can be considered less threatening to all that happens about the hero: people who appear as friends who are not really, They help actually use people who seem to be harmless enough they are actually more bloody than their appearance. Despite a lot of change, twisting the plot several times and following the orders in such a way that it seems that the world will end if not implemented; the only thing that seems more dangerous is any link or romantic relationship with Lucy Liu? It tries to help (!) The film maintains the feeling that there are two sides engaged in the war of espionage and espionage and keep one on its employees and opponents. The whole thing plays like a kind of simple cold war. Something similar to the United States and the United States at the height of their war, it really extends through a dark black screen and often many of the CGI are scattered over it. <br /> <br /> What was rather interesting was a nice added touch that was the travel snapshot of some of the US states that were made to resemble computer chips where our hero flies to and from his declared destinations? Important then how he behaves more with his own motives and Foster's motivation, this sequence disappears as he moves away from the computerized, repetitive and dominant life that he is asked to live and excel. <br /> <br /> Cyhper is extremely fixed in its content and contains all the elements of a good movie. To say that it resembles Jason Bourne's first film, which is only shown in this type of science fiction, does not alleviate the recession enough but you can see the similarities; despite all those released in the same year. As I mentioned earlier, there is a feeling that there is something in this film for everyone, and if you can look at the disappointing past of the end that a few people might expect successfully, you will find yourself enjoying this movie.
