It's actually a good thing that Sean Connery retired as James Bond. I'm sure he will not be able to keep up with spyware these days. Fast cars have been replaced with high-tech brainwashing technology, and wonderful women have been considered less exciting than equipment. Advanced computer. "Cypher" is an innovative science fiction film that often evokes feelings of fear and fear, although it is completely unreasonable. You know the trend in these types of movies: nothing seems to be, and only when you think of knowing the complex plot, the book makes sure to insert a new twist that confuses everyone again. The events in "Cypher" are supposed to occur in the most prominent areas of the computer world, where big companies do not actually do much apart from trying to steal each other. Digisoft literally spends millions of people brainwashing and providing them with a new identity, just to allow them to infiltrate as spies at their biggest rival, Sunways Corporation. Sunways, on the other hand, constantly tries to detect Digisoft mice and recruit them again as double spies. Among this whole unprofitable work stands Morgan Sullivan. A 30-year-old non-colored employee was chosen by Sebastien Rocks to lead the secret policies of BOTH. Trust me, it's actually less complicated than it seems, and director Vincenzo Natali (Exquisite of "Tube") takes his time carefully to present all the important and least important characters. The first half of the film somewhat resembles the jewel of John Frankenheimer that was unfortunately underestimated "second" ?? Starring Rock Hudson? It also deals with erasing identities and dramatically changing your previous lifestyle. The specific pieces seem to come directly from the 1960s movie, with many empty white rooms and seemingly endless passages. There is also a lot of action and suspense, especially when Morgan rudely tests how Digisoft staff examines the results of brainwashing techniques during boring conferences. The middle part of the film lengthens a bit, mainly because you already realize that everything is just moving towards multiple misleading plot movements, and I hope to portray a little more gloom for the not-too-distant future. Jeremy Northam is wonderful and brilliantly casts Lucy Liu vaguely in disguise as a wily lady who seems to be on his side. The selection of the regular director David Hewlett has an unforgettable supporting role as one of the architects of Suway Decentralization Virgil C. Donne. "Cypher" is well made and accelerates adrenaline in the science fiction harness, and is highly recommended for people who like to use their brainpower from time to time.
