The science fiction film funded by Filmfour must be seen. While it takes enormous influence from the Manshuri candidate and does not present any new or original plot, it is dealt with with the greatest skill that pays off as new and innovative, although it is basically a rerun of a previous film. It's good to know that such films are still made (even if you do not get large versions), and that Cypher is refreshing for this reason. The plot and turns, given by an element of paranoia, also serve to keep the audience at the edge of their seat while trying to figure out the meaning of the Cypher puzzle. The plot follows Morgan Sullivan. A suburban man gets bored and decides to take up a job with Digicorp that involves listening to speeches from many competing companies and recording them for reasons unknown to him. However, his job stops when he meets a mysterious young man known as Rita ... <br /> <br /> This film features a number of striking white backgrounds that give it a very surrealistic feature and blend well with its appalling portrayal of the future. This film gives a very strange look that distinguishes it from most other films of the same genre, with only a real follower, Kubrick's A Clockwork Orange. The plot is also very effective and abandons personal development in favor of developing the most elegant and exciting plot. You never know your place in this plot, which is working to make it more interesting. The representation is pretty good with a largely unknown team that supports the star team; Jeremy Northham and Lucy Lowe. Norham is largely seen as a part of a quiet and frustrated man in the middle of the story, and performs his role well. Lucy Lowe is an actress with an autobiography that does not fit her talent perfectly, but has a look for her fit with this film. <br /> <br /> Cypher is far from perfect because some sequences are illogical and sometimes can be inconsistent; but on the whole, if you want a recent innovative sci-fi movie; Cypher is the way to go.
