It is a fantasy film with a low budget science fiction film directed by the worship of Vincenzo Natali. The movie is shown like the intersection of Phillip K Dick with Hitchcock and Cronenberg and the movie takes a unique feeling like you will not see anything. The film was filmed beautifully, and I like cinematography in this, it is new and innovative. The wise film explores themes similar to films such as Total Recall, Dark City, Matrix and its beautiful science. Morgan Sullivan (Jeremy Northam) is a suburban resident who is bored of his life and has decided to take up a job as a spy for Digicorp, a large technology company. He meets an employment officer who initially brings Sullivan aboard and instructs him on what to do. It basically involves going to competing corporate conferences and recording them via a satellite transmitter disguised as a pen. This also means that he must take on a different personality and keep it secret from his wife. After things become his first strange job, his habits change, his personality begins to differ and he suffers from pain in his neck and his woes as well as his nightmares. Faces a beautiful woman named Rita Foster (played by Lucy Liu). However, when he goes to his next job and sees her again, she reveals herself to be a client of some sort that reveals that his job is not exactly what it looks like. He later discovered that he and the rest of the people attending the conference were all working for Digicorp. All conferences are covers to allow company men to brainwash their spies. Sullivan, nicknamed Jack Thyssby, was given a trick for Digicorp, while the rest of the spies at the last conference were driven to what appeared to be a brain death day, while the speakers heard their voices sleeping through camouflaged messages. Suddenly the lights of the rooms went out and the workers in Digicorp came in bright lights In all the eyes of the passengers to make sure they are not conscious then in the mode of nightmares to some extent they bring the head sets for each member send messages to the brain and wash the brain in the precipitators to believe that they are someone else. Digicorp uses these people as puppets and create characters and lives for these people while scanning their presence. Sullivan must now pretend that he fully believes that he is now Jack Thursday. Digicorp wants to steal information from its rivals Samways and want their own puppets to do so, and they now effectively control what these spies do, except Sullivan. When Samways gets Sullivan and discovers that he has not been subjected to actual brainwashing, they decide to use him as a pawn to spy on Digicorp, and make Sullivan a double agent. They know that Digicorp has been sent to them on Thursday to work his way to Samways and work on the follow-up system so he can log into the position to download the company's important information that could close the company. Samways realizes that he has been planted and decides he will play with Digicorp and allows Labyrinth to infiltrate their data banks but they will give Digicorp an evasive disc that will destroy their system. The plot begins with twisting and turning where both companies use Sullivan as a hostage. He is stuck in the middle and Rita Foster's puzzle, as he tries to figure out why he helped him. When a mysterious third party gets involved, the person Foster is found to be working for, Sullivan must decide whether to go to this independent agent, who can guarantee him a new and peaceful life or stick to one of the companies in which he works. All the tension escalates to a climax when everyone seems to want to get rid of it as soon as it is done. The cast is wonderful. Northam is superb and the versatility of its performance is excellent. He brings a wonderful visual aspect to his performance, tells his story and sees a wonderful hidden change where his character changes from Sullivan to Thursday. Lucy Liu is very exciting and unbelievable and her presence gives a great dynamic to the film because it seems strange but works because of this fact. The rest of the cast is also good. <br /> <br /> Natalie, whose former film is the classic Flick Cube, has a real visual vision. It speeds up the film beautifully and also gave it a wonderful look. For a low-budget film, it has some visual effects, and although CGI is not great, it never begins to affect the film very negatively. The film really brings The Matrix and other great science fiction movies, it exists with them. The manuscript almost becomes very complex at times but in fact helps in a film like this, where the influence of Kronenberg and Lynch is evident. The film constantly works to see what is going on and the real surprises as it progresses. This is generally a clear classic of worship and I can see that it enjoys incredible popularity when it is released in the United States. **** 1/2 <br /> <br />
