Was this based on a comic book? Video game? A fee of 3 years old? <br /> <br /> There is nothing in this film taken seriously; no characters, no dialogue, no plot, no action. nothing. We have international terrorists / high-tech criminals who compete like pre-school children, Stallone's unique resilience to cold weather, so stupid a dialogue that sometimes it is almost joyous, and so on. Even the symbolic name used by the bad guys is mute ("tango tango"). The film entertains through a series of suspense, good movement and beautiful snowy mountain setting. Oh, yeah: the unintended humor. <br /> <br /> The film begins with some very gay and unconvincing gay jokes between our lucky and happy characters who obviously spend "swollen" time. Then comes a part of the failed rescue process that stimulates race, which should make anyone suffering from fear of heights want to take out his hair. Then we have some bad dialogue, and then more great work. This is the rhythm of the film in short. <br /> <br /> Stallone melodramatic exchange with Turner, when they meet after a long time, is so soapy, clichéhed, too fake, and so bad that it must force a muffled laugh from any self-respecting viewer. Shortly after the presentation of the terrible writing of the dialogue, we are witnesses to a spectacular and excellent hijacking of an airplane. The whole process is a great absurdity, but it is stray fun at its best. Although the rest of the event is exciting and enjoyable, the airplane's sights are the most important feature of the film. After landing, the main criminals look for evidence and end up with Stallone and Rocker. They send Stallone to bring the first cash case, but they somehow do their best to make it difficult for him to reach; they take off most of his clothes (so he can freeze) and will not give him the equipment he needs (so he can fall). Do these gangs want their money or not? very silly. They do not seem to trust Stallone, but they certainly know that they can always send an e-mail to him using Rooker as a hostage. However, our gangs make it difficult to climb Stallone, if there is no logical reason, at least to show us how real their evil - lest there be any doubts. For those who may still doubt the evil of the wicked, they boast, boast, and ridicule in a truly evil way. Everyone convinced? Hassan. You'd better be. Otherwise, the book will throw a collective punishment of 20 schoolchildren, just to make sure that the evil of the wicked is perfectly clear to all. <br /> <br /> The old man who flies the helicopter ... How the hell has fallen into the trap? First, he must have been warned by the MTV airway about criminals, and secondly, he must have heard the voices of Stallone and Rocker on radios. A whole range of stupid verbal exchanges are taking place, with Leithju's dubious honor getting the most ridiculous lines. "Stay away from my months!" Lithgow: "I did not start climbing on your back." Or, to come to Stallone: ​​"We have a deal, but now we only have each other!" As for the gang of murderers in Lithgow: these men do not seem to want to kill immediately. They are very creative about this; they philosophize and pretend they play football with your body and so on. <br /> <br /> Stallone participated in writing this thing. I have no idea what drugs he was dealing with when he did that. I hate that I think the script is very bad because of the low quality level
