Good horror movies from France are very rare, and very easy to find out why! When a talented young film director releases an amazing new film, he moves to glorious Hollywood immediately to release a new, huge version of another classic! How can France build a reputation for horror when its contemporary filmmakers leave the country after only one film? "Haute Tension" was a great film and Alexandre Aja (one way?) Got a ticket to the United States to reissue "The Hills Have Eyes" (which he did terribly). The debut of Maléfique, for the first time, was a very promising and very attractive horror, and he has already gone to Hollywood to direct a remake of the story of One Missed Call. So two highly talented French are unlikely to make any other film in their home country soon. "Maléfique" is a simple but effective cooler that requires some patience because of its slow start, but once the plot develops correctly, it offers wonderful atmospheric tensions and a handful of wonderful special effects. The entire movie occurs almost in one place and offers only four characters. We are inside a dilapidated French prison cell with four passengers. The newcomer is a businessman sentenced to time on fraud charges, where a prisoner and prisoner "wise" his wife Sadia were killed, then there is a madly transgender and mentally disabled boy to complete the alien journey. They found an old magazine inside their cell wall, belonging to a sick killer in the 1920s who specialized in black magic rituals and supernatural ways to escape. The four prisoners begin to prepare their own escape plan using exotic versions of the book, only to realize that the unseen is something you should not mess with? Eric Vallet devotes oceans of time to the characters' drawings of four heroes, sometimes leading to redundant and tedious subplots, but his reasons for this become clear at the heinous peak when the book suddenly turns into a Wishmaster-type device. "Maléfique" is a dark film, containing trucks loaded with throttle tension and several twisted details about human behavior. Watched it before a wealthy American production company decided to remake it with four handsome young actors in unconvincing roles for hardcore criminals.
