The film focuses on four criminals imprisoned in prison who wish to escape from their cell, hoping to have a mysterious book of black magic, coined by a former guest in about 1920, called Danvers who wanted to use mascots to keep his skin young. Carrere (Gerald LaRouche) shot him out of prison with three of his eccentric football teammates. A sexually obsessed Marx (Clovis Cornelack), Markus Loew Couture (Dimitri Ratod) (Who is in prison for eating his six-month-old sister) and obeys him as if he were his mother and the world to Askl (Philippe Laudenbach) who does not read or eat breakfast ... The latter is that he killed his wife during That time of day). The film follows Carrie as he reads from the book, trying to understand that he has the meanings of hope to find a way out of his prison. Carrere loves his daughter and briefly believes that his wife will take him out on bail early. When you betray him, Carrier begins to recklessly slow with hatred, longing to see his beloved son and embrace him. The hardest critic of Carrier is Marcus, who longs to be a full female, while still inclined to many male qualities, such as exercise and climbing. He speaks strongly and uses his muscles as a form of fear, although he is deep in a world of weakness. Pâquerette is fully controlled by Marcus and behaves like a dog to his master ... so it is a disturbing scene where Pâquerette breastfeeds from Marcus! Lassalle's mysterious mystery, opens up to us to understand his slowly hidden motives and what lies in his evil mind. Clearly intellectual, and adhering to the potential secrets of others, Lassalle is in fact a person who keeps motivated to follow the secrets of the book. Soon, those who pose no threat to the writers are looking for their "real" escape, not from the dungeon of the four walls, but from the cell that jails their true desires. After a certain murder, the book is thrown out of the room with a very wonderful personality. The film enters the video camera as if it were a new concern. Who is this person and how does he understand the power of the book that he is throwing away? Better yet, how to use it? In this film, it is clear that every prisoner who is often seen looking from his window to the world is elusive. <br /> <br /> I'm glad I had the opportunity to watch this movie. She plays like "Monkey's Paw", the characters get what she wants, but the price must be met. The film has amazing moments of graphic violence, but, in my opinion, this is a tale in the first place. Jour is the product of what the book calls. One member of the group shakes his limbs as he hangs in the air, while a shocking opening act exposes the carnage left behind by the will of one man. We see the fate of Danver in the end, with a sequence of wonderful special effects regarding the melting of an infant away. Fate of LaSalle is a masterful sequence of effects. I will say that Maléfique, through the direction of the good Eric Vallet, always kept my attention, and because it is a secluded film (.. about 95% of the film is in a unique place, prison cell), never seems to be pulled. I think this is proof of the interesting actors and wonderful descriptions, let alone the compelling story of using the Ripper to lead them.
