French horror cinema has seen something of a recovery over the past two years with the emergence of great films such as Inside and Switchblade Romance on the scene. Maléfique has already revived a little, but it stands on the shoulders of modern novels and is certainly one of the best French horror films ever produced! It is clear that Maléfique was filmed with a low budget, but this was compensated in ways far more than the originality of the film, which in turn commends the excellent writing and acting that guarantee the winning film. The plot focuses on two main ideas: prison and black magic. The central character is a man named Carrier, sent to prison on charges of fraud. He was put in a cell with three others; Lassalle was quietly mad, building a marauding Marcus body and his daisy backward friend. After a short while in the cell together, they stumble into a hiding place in the wall containing an old magazine. After translating part of it, they soon realized its magical power and realized that it might be able to use it to penetrate the prison walls. <br /> <br /> Black Magic is a very interesting subject, and I'm really surprised that there are not a lot of movies that rely on it because there's a lot of room for things to do. It is fair to say that Maléfique achieves the best in its origins, despite its limitations, the film never feels restrained and can flow well all the time. The fact that most of it takes place inside the central prison cell ensures that the film is awed, and this greatly benefits the central idea of ​​prisoners who want to use magic to get out of the cell - it's easy to stand behind them! It is often said that the unknown is the thing that really frightens people, and this film proves that since the director ensures that we can never be absolutely sure about what the angle is about, this helps ensure that Malvic can actually be very scary! The film is memorable for many reasons outside the central plot; the characters are all very interesting in their own way and the fact that the book itself almost takes its own character is very well done. No one will be disappointed that the film will not be delivered in the end, because both logical and logical can be very scary! In general, Maléfique is a truly terrifying horror film and one of the best in the decade - a highly recommended show!
