If you are one of those who are happy to know some mysterious titles such as "The Book of the Dead" or "The Book of Ebony" or "The Necronomicon," then you should feel at home with Malavik, a movie that also has a mysterious story, The destinies of all concerned. It was discovered by four French prisoners sharing a cell. The dreaded thing was put in the wall by Danvers, a serial killer imprisoned again in the 1920s; a man obsessed with vitality and black arts before suddenly disappearing. The book's explorers, Carrier (Gerald LaRouche), a pirate in a company marketed by his wife, LaSalle (Philippe Laudenbach) who aspires to be a woman, but at the same time builds the body to carry out an escape plan, a semi-circular statue (Dimitri Rathud) Once his kind sister, Marcus (Clovis Cornelack), are supposed to be driven by madness through reading, who killed his wife. To remind the viewer of a strange meatman on par with the mention of the obese man in the Fighting Club (1999), LaSalle begins as a dominant member of the Quartet, a person who particularly protects the childhood pie. With the advent of the book, and the overall need to decrypt its dangerous contents, Marcus assumes greater and greater importance. Initially secured by early bail, at the same time, Carrier takes more than academic interest in the events. Suddenly, he also needs the option of an urgent escape, and as the prisoners try, Danvers' book begins to reveal some of its terrifying power ... <br /> <br /> It is often organized inside a prison cell, between four or five characters, Malefique has a vibrant air that fits perfectly with its theme (in addition to the limited budget of filmmakers). Only at the beginning and then in the end, we can leave the confines of the cell, a necessary opening that only emphasizes the distressed and closed nature of the procedure elsewhere. More than anything else, this is a film about the trapped, either as a victim of your criminal past or the mysterious events unfolding now. Carrier says at the beginning of the film, "I hope to escape," wishing more than anything else to join his wife and son. Whether or not he will, his price will be high, and the irony of the film is that the final form of "escape" may not be someone he imagines. <br /> <br /> With all its budget constraints, it is thanks to the success of the first director Eric Vallet to the success of his film. Critics have noted that it is a film with strong Freudian tones - the characteristic lasal mammals and breast feeding of adults, for example: the image of the vagina that comes into life and the development of the eye; the developing man who melts again in the fetus; The dark cell as a primitive uterus is waiting for it to "deliver", etc. With so many interesting aspects of the script, it is difficult for Vallet to develop a false foot, and it succeeds in creating a truly troubling atmosphere for what happens when one comes to the question of just four men, four beds, a folding table and a book. There is a growing and authentic growing love story, while the men gather the unforgettable darkness from within its pages, while there is a moment or moments - the blinding vagina mentioned above, or what eventually happens to Pâquerette - do not forget. Overcoming many of the dark events in Malefique is deliberate, as it rejects the rapid cutting of many Hollywood productions: a video culture approach often spoils the horrific view of quick fixation and unfairness. This may be a particularly European way, as one recalls a similar approach and hallucination in films such as Verhoeven's The Fourth Man (1983) - a film that shares a particularly bad image based on a dilapidated eye. <br /> <br /> After getting 1.85: 1, Malefique took advantage of excellent performances, and if at least this was the scene, the conclusion was not as interpretable as it was possible, the trip to the last shot was worth taking. Shortly after the well-received "Haute Tension" (also known as Switchblade Romance, 2003), this is another reason for gratitude because good horror films are emerging again from French industry, after a time when the only worthwhile product came from Asia
