"Maléfique" is an example of how a horror film can be effective without anything but a good execution plot and a lot of heart. The team has no recognizable names, no big budget and certainly lacks visual effects; but it makes up for it with clever, well-written text, an effective team, and a director's vision that focuses more on narrative than on making cheap bargains. Eric Vallet may not be a well-known name yet, but with the appearance of "Maléfique", for the first time his long starring, proves to be at the level of contemporaries such as Jeunet, Gans or Aja. <br /> <br /> The story of four prisoners in a cell, and four different men with very different backgrounds but with one goal: getting out. Carrère (Gerald LaRouche) is imprisoned after being convicted of fraud for millions of millions; his cellmates, violent Marcus (Clovis Cornelac), thinker LaSalle (Philippe Laudenbach) and mentally handicapped Pâquerette (Dimitri Ratod) are all convicted of murder and received a warm welcome. Their characters will collide while Carrier discovers an ancient book explaining how a former prisoner survived using black magic. <br /> <br /> Written by Alexander Charlo and Frank Magnier, "Maléfique" is a wonderful combination of dark imagination and horror in a way reminiscent of the very stories of Clive Barker. The strongest point in the film is the way the characters build up. They all have very complex and different personalities and a lot of tension and suspense comes because of their constant struggle with characters. The supernatural story element is well addressed and gives the film a general feeling of reading a Gothic novel. Although it is a film about four men locked up in a room, the film does not feel bored or tired, but the isolation of the group increases the sense of distrust and fear of intense fear, especially paranoia. <br /> <br /> Director Eric Vallet takes great advantage of ambience and mood and casts his shadow to give life to the plot. Despite his apparent lack of budget, he has made a wonderful film that feels original, very attractive and new. The hidden and effective camera action helps make the film dynamic despite its individual location, as the slow film speed unfolds to create an excellent atmosphere of isolation and distrust in the film's underlying plots. Very few special effects offers are done very well, and Valette trades in quantity for quality in the few but awesome scenes of Jour. <br /> <br /> The characters make this movie effective, and the cast deserves some credit. Gerald LaRouche is as excellent as Carrere, a man at first sight innocent, but he hides the dark past. Philippe Laudenbach and Dmitry Ratud are very effective, especially Ratud in his very difficult role. Nevertheless, it is Clovis Cornelack who steals the show by performing as Marcus, a violent and turbulent man who only wants to be himself at home. The characters were developed in a wonderful way and the short ones are the ones that make the most of them. <br /> <br /> The movie is wonderful, but it is not without its disadvantages. Of course, the most famous is its low budget. Some CGI effects are a little bad compared to the effective structure and artificial limbs used in other sights, however, they are not too bad for them. Perhaps the bad thing about "Maléfique" is that it seems to lose some power in the end when it focuses on black magic rather than supernatural characters, not many bad things but the end may seem weak from the point of view. <br /> <br /> In any case, Maléfique is another of the great horror films recently released from France, and deserves more appreciation. Vallet is certainly a talent to follow, as this modest (albeit complex) story of superheroes proves its sufficiency. Personally, this film is my new favorite. 10/08
