I was born only after 4 years of broadcasting this wonderful show for the first time but fortunately I was able to pick up periods of re-mid-nineties and the rest is history ...... I was hooked. The hypothesis was very simple. A partnership between two hostile enemy agents, Richard Barrett and Craig Stirling (William Jount and Stuart Damon) with an expert (if not a young man) was a physician and biologist (Sharon McCready) to head the bamboo curtain to recover a dangerous biological agent from use by Red China. During their escape, their plane was hit by machine guns and crashed in the heart of the Himalayas, where their lives are saved by a mysterious and undiscovered civilization that heals and strengthens the senses of the trio. I think it was relatively short lived, and it was started by one season to put it in the center of worship. Monty Berman, the producer, was famous for making things as cheaply as possible and sometimes exhibiting them with very attractive collections - especially in episodes such as "Happening" (studio on Australian remote areas) and "Operation Ice Groups" Deep Freeze "and" The Beginning "but if you can go beyond that and focus on characters and story lines, the show was very enjoyable. It was a great combination of adventure, and a lot of dead humor (mainly from some of William Jount's wonderful lines). <br /> <br /> The chemistry of the three threads was wonderful - I felt they were really getting a lot of fun in this show, and that's evident in the 2005 reunion film where the three reunited after more than 35 years to remember the show ( And laughing at Anthony Nichols' terrible wig !!). They all shared equal time on the screen and had all their moments to shine. I must say, I was always a fan of Pritchard Barrett - I loved his sarcastic humor with that dangerous edge - he was definitely a man you did not cut, and those eyes ........ Blues your eyes probably see on TV. I have also followed Bill Gants' career with interest since then. Still, Craig Stirling would certainly have a female fan corps and I'm sure Alexandra Pastido had a whole list of male fans who were also outperforming her. With, including Donald Sutherland, Jeremy Brett, Peter Winggard, Bert Kwock, Anton Rodgers, Kate Omara, Jenny Linden, Paul Eddington and Colin Blackley. <br /> <br /> The most prominent episodes for me were: Auto Kill, The Interrogation, The Fanatics, The Mission and The Gilded Cage, but I'm sure everyone has their own personal favorites. <br /> <br /> If you get a chance to see this show for the first time, or to watch it after many years, remember to watch it in the context of the time it was made, then just relax and enjoy - the characters and chemistry of the three shows are what made this show Great for I do not think I will ever tire. <br /> <br /> Enjoy!
