The impact of Hull Hartley in Adrian Shelley for "I'll Take You There" is not explicit, but it clearly has something to do with his work (Shelly worked in two Hartley films). Her film is not only a very narrow novel, but extreme characters in style and extreme make the strangeness of human emotion in a very real light. Although this film is not generally ironic, the small and brilliant paradoxes that hint at the piece hint at the bitter realities of love and loss. Through beautiful cinematography and soundtracks from the 1970s, "I'll See You There" is a wonderful film that does not bend to the paradox of postmodernism when dealing with the scourge of love and the reality of human emotions. <br /> <br /> The movie begins with Bill's low life. He has not only sold his best friend Ray a beautiful country house, but his wife Rose left him in order to join Rai in retreat. They all wash, Bill falls in his pain and his death until his sister Lucy (played by director Adrian Shelley) brings him all sorts of surprises: a self-help book and a "date" for her shocked brother. <br /> <br /> Bill tries to refuse, but the sudden appearance of Barnes at his door leaves him no choice. There is no doubt that Bernice's superficial behavior at first and his silly hairstyle detract from his ability to "bounce" with her. However, their annoying Hippie qualities are so upsetting that he flogs them in her first history. Bernice is deeply shocked by his insulting comments, which force her to do so. To any extent, we are not aware ... except the fact that they are psychic. (And better to play the role of the psychologist than Ally Sheedy?) <br /> <br /> Knowing that Bill wants to see Rose, Bernice is offering her car, but on condition that he takes it somewhere first. On the way, Bill begins to hold a prisoner with his rifle (the Pinkerton detective, no less). Ambiguity, resentment, redemption, passion and violence fade away as Bill and Perkins find themselves on their way home to Ray and Rose ... of course, with few stops along the way.
