Apart from some titles and the new Sherlock Holmes film, I think I saw every film directed by Guy Ritchie. Twice. Needless to say, I'm a big fan and Revolver is one of the salient reasons for that. This movie is a completely different approach to Ricci, when you look at it compared to Lock and Stock ... and Snatch. The gun puts us in a thrilling movie of sorts, where gambling contests discover that it is at the mercy of a group of enemies who did not expect them to walk with a guide to recover unless he knew he needed it. Along with the vision of André Benjamin of OutKast fame strutting his ability to act, and other notable works are Ray Liotta playing maniac D / Macha and Mark Strong playing Sorter, the successful man. <br /> <br /> After being sent to prison by the tyrant casino owner, Macha, Jake uses his time in solitary confinement to plot a plot to humiliate Macha and force him to compensate him for the seven years he spent. When he wins a card game and collects a decent amount from Macha, Jake finds himself on the brink of death as he collapses and becomes diagnosed with an incurable disease that leaves him three days to live. However, a team of borrowed sharks gets an answer and a reminder of life - only if he gives them all the money he has and wants to work with, all in a ploy to redeem Macha and show Jake how dangerous it is. He has made himself for himself. Along with a looming looming, two loan sharks spend a field day with his money, Jake also to deal with having a blow put out to him, who offers Sorter - a successful man under the employment of Macha. The depth of the story comes when Jake realizes that some of the convicts who spent time with them in solitary confinement may be among the shark's urgent team to get him out of his way by putting together all the unfortunate events that Jake seems to have found with him. Faced with this reality, however, Zack (Vincent Pasteur) and Avi Jake show how bored he has become of being in solitary confinement, having only caught his mind and style, and made it even more elusive for Jake. The film reveals a modest process for both Jake and Macha, where they deal with their inner demons. <br /> <br /> The style of the film is of the highest quality when you enjoy the bold feeling of the crime scene represented and the characters involved. Although there are many gestures in the previous Ritchie films, he still has his own presence through dialogue, experimental groups and films in this type of band. It is also a wonderful journey around humility and knowing the time when you can easily let go of the ego or a predefined idea that reduces your ability to achieve what you want or overcome what you should. The characters are well designed in this film, where all aspects are reflected, and according to Richie's fashion, they are all connected to some hidden key that is in everyone's affairs. I could have continued to show this film and its unique differences, but I do not want to do without it much if you have not seen it yet. <br /> <br /> It may take a walk in all complex layers, but it's a great movie to watch. If you're lucky and do not see the diluted US version, see if you can get the original version of the UK because it will lead to a great discussion among friends as you try to solve the mystery. I saw it with my crew at the beginning of 2006 and we are still talking about it with small things that we have chosen today. She got her religious status, and she deserves the whole film where Richie came out of the box and broke his standard slightly. <br /> <br /> Standout Line: "I'm afraid or proud, but please, I think I'm a special thing. We share our addiction, we are addicted to consent. "
