Well ... this film has been shown so far by both critics and posters (though playing the devil advocate, you can point out that critics are often people they do not make for themselves as film makers, and often billboards Of people who did not make for themselves as critics) so I wanted to sit at the corner of Jay with magical sponge probably to reach out to maybe two people who decided not to see the film based on how everyone seemed to look down their collective nose of approval. <br /> <br /> The biggest drawback of the film in gaining widespread support is its complexity unexpectedly. This has been described several times as making the movie "inaccessible" to the viewer. The chronology of the film is relatively linear, and characters are used not only as a means of storytelling, but as a means of showing subtle (or inaccurate) hints of the bias we give to things that we commit to memory, IE. Ray Lyota, carrying a gun that says "I'm afraid", is portrayed as pathetically pathetic (from Statham) or questioning and daring (from the film "Leuta Bove"). This is just one example of Ritchie's more mature approach to filmmaking with Revolver. We have a beautiful model story (a brave but brave fighting hero is released from jail to a degree but settled unintentionally into a world of corruption ... I mean he paints Noir's film here guys, down to the vague poetic selection of dictionaries and audacious phonetic steps). But then Guy took this framework for a number of very philosophical and complex points. <br /> <br /> Take the scene where Jason Statham's character contrasts with a car. The sequence could have been elusive from the film and there was no difference in the story at all ... But Richie is intrigued by how such a few events like receiving a phone call can make the difference between life and death. <br /> <br /> So the last film is a very perplexing mind, I was taking pictures if I said I did not spend the last 20 minutes or so of the film heading to the date of going "uh ... wtf?" ... but this Is the most neglected reason to ignore a piece of art. It is very easy to dislike something because you find it hard to understand. It's even easier to say, "Well, no one else understands it, so you have to be really stupid for a movie!" In my humble opinion, Revolver is a modern, complex and mature piece of art that must be received in the same way as the work of the Sachi Brothers. If we chose this opportunity to collectively say "Ah sh * t, I wanted a movie about loads of cockney bands going down ... Guy Ritchie Nipple!" Then the day will come when filmmakers will only be able to do what is expected of them by big-hearted people. Just because Gay made himself a funny romantic name, does not mean that he can not be deep without being "claiming". Funny people can be very thoughtful.
