I recommend that families, if possible, offer this to older children only. Some things in this film may be very disturbing for young people who can not deal with it. Now, that's what happened, let me explain this film. This is actually a documentary film about a male fox, who initially protected his land and sought to get his mate. The start with the magnificent sunrise and the musical result, hold the breath. It was better for you to enjoy as much of the scene as possible, you'll get it later ugly. They gave both the fox and the foxy names, but I can not remember what it is like to me like me. He fights from this invading man, to win her love. Later on to create a den, and alopecia gives birth to four adorable cubs, one blind. There are many happy and enjoyable moments of the Fox family, but the tragedy and bad luck soon. The first victim is the blind pup, which is very close to the high tide level is washed. The second victim is the mother, during which the chicken is tricked by the dead chicken hanging on the pole. She is in the foot trap, while trying to escape rupture part of her foot, causing her to bleed to death. The other members of the fox family are forced to observe their death under a tree. Male is now one father, forced to bear the roll of Mom and Dad. So alone will teach them the skills they need for life. Later does not prove to be enough, when two meet the puppies now grown their own ugly fate; thanks to the man's negligence and brutality. You will not spoil the amazing ending for you, but it shows that the farmer and his dogs are closing on his tail. It is a worthy end after the public and the fox family. I wanted to say that I saw this when it first came out in the early 1980s, when we had something called Cable Showbiz. I was only 4 years old when I saw him, but I never understood why they did not let me see it all. Now I know why, after seeing him secretly when I was at Disney, when I was nine years old. I felt emotional distress after seeing all this evil happen. I moved to tears. But I was dark and ugly was that, it serves a purpose. To allow people to go to these species and other animals, and why they are at risk of extinction. This documentary wanted to convey a message about these endangered species, and I hoped it would work. Like Disney's real life films, she does not know why animals are extinct. The creeping of the earth, the murder of the foxes, the main prey, the senseless killing of these beautiful animals; which led to their being endangered. I hope they will make a sequel to this film, (Glacier Fox 2005) to see if they are treated better. Be close to the fox puppy named Theresa and her brothers grow up. This film also reflects what happens to human families at times, especially when a parent suddenly dies. The parent survives the roll both, and tries to teach important lessons in life. Are not always sufficient to protect them when they are adults, especially when some of their lives are destroyed. Or are victims of the tragedy themselves.
