Life will not be bad for Harry Mitchell. He is a former air force pilot (plus a small, handsome pension I imagine), who gets cash for a patent he has developed (combining titanium and steel through an explosive process, creating a very suitable metal for NASA) The twenty years have kept themselves in good shape. He got a nice little pillow in Los Angeles. I would like to see a vision of the consumer dream in the 1980s and get a good slice here, including with the restored Jag (a series of the first type of Roadster) for him, her wonderful doll house (and me too) certainly other ornaments and toys for boys). There is always a must have more although there is no? So, let's resort to Harry in some romantic characters (you're just the old woman you feel). As in many films, one error, in a less vivid life, leads to Harry's downward arc. <br /> <br /> Three of the predators pin it down. This is the value for me, great personal actors play very reasonable roles. Bobby Shi (played by Clarence Williams III) is a former black con capable of performing incredible psychological acts in order to avoid imprisonment and punish cross-sections. It reminds us of Pluto, a wicked black psychopath of the new Karl Nanklin known as "One False Move" (1992). There are similar personal motives I believe. Both men had enough man, and pretty much everyone, to the extreme. Robert Trepor plays Leo Franks, a fat lily pie that runs a nude salon where men can shoot nude models for $ 25 for half an hour, and $ 50 for an entire hour (did anyone else deny that there was no discount?). It is above his head, and it is wonderful to see Tripor acting when Leo begins to feel heat and breakdown. John Glover wins the role of Alan Remy, who is the brains of the plot, a truly wonderful man who turns into a pornographer and turns into a life of crime motivated by social militias. He is a sexy sadist and does some particularly unpleasant things during the film, including what I think is a largely implicit rape (pay attention to his RAP readings, easily missed, and read between the lines of the motel scene with "Slim"). <br /> <br /> Shared with One False Move, although not exclusively, I think the real impact of the film is in the scenes of unusual violence. <br /> <br /> So far very good but I think there is a real problem in the film. At one point, Harry Mitchell was told that he was suffering from a "dream in the juice." My problem is that Harry Mitchell plays with Roy Cheddar. Heroes Roy Scheider never lose, they are confident and smooth, but not in an annoying way. I feel that I have been asked to believe that his character is in danger, and the film depends on this extreme tension; yet I did not believe it. For me, the demand looks like me to believe that Sandra Bullock will end personal sleep alone at the end of a romantic play, or that the character of Steven Seagal Stnalha bad guys (already happened in one film but has already been done deliberately to shock value). Roy Cheder is not convinced as a prostitute either, you feel no discomfort at all, and his character is wrapped in Teflon. <br /> <br /> It also looked like a movie took some cuts. In 110 minutes, she still feels undeveloped: Harry's wife, Ann Margaret, is a cardboard clip, an extension of Harry, her background story as a politician running for office with little attention. The effect of the relationship between the couple on Harry's marriage was not properly connected. This may be a Frankenheimer problem, as it is not known for personal development. I never felt that Harry was dealing with more than just an annoying tax claim and wrong IRS. <br /> <br /> Nuer's violent content is very good in this film, but I feel that in the excellent frame, Harry's choice could have been better (without respect for the great Roy Cheddar). The film felt short, even with the long time, I thought it was possible to come out more glossy. <br /> <br /> But you can not forget this mess, like Harry's lively scene to take two pictures in the nude lounge.
