Although "Soprano" is another gift of the "godfather" megahit and its aftermath, which showed a dramatic and somewhat mafia glamor, "The Sopranos" takes another path. There are no neat gangsters here with homes in Lake Tahoe and quotas in Vegas casinos - these men are mumbo, with a waste management interface, who deal with things that fall from the backs of trucks, bare bars, and protection funds - in short, what was going on around Mob in the neighborhood. <br /> <br /> The colorful characters dominate this series, which does not prevent sex and violence. Tony Soprano (James Gandolfini) is a mob leader with a wife and two children, lives in New Jersey, and suffers panic attacks as he tries to balance his biological family with his family mafia. To reach the bottom of his attacks, a psychiatrist, Jennifer Milly (Lorraine Bracco), fears him and has been attracted to him at the same time. Tony's followers - Pauli, his nephew Christopher, his uncle Jr. (gang head mob), and his close friend Pussy - are all quite attractive characters. <br /> <br /> As we learn to pass through this series, there are enemies not only from the outside, but from the inside, including those of Tony's sick and deadly mother (Nancy Marchan), who convince Junior that Tony poses a danger to him. At the same time, Tony Jannis' sister is looking for money at her mother's house using a stethoscope and a Geiger counter. Tony suffers from mistress problems, and Eddie Falco's wife suffers a lot because she loves him while maintaining relations with her Catholic faith. "The Church rejects divorce," she tells a woman contemplating the schism. "Let the Pope live with him," is the reply. With regard to Tony's mistress problems, his psychiatrist points out that Tony is drawn to women who do not ask for anything at all and asks if this seems familiar. Yes, it looks like his mother. <br /> <br /> I am of Italian origin, and yes, I am fed up with the negative appearance of Italians and everyone who assumes that all Italians are gangsters. However, you can not help admiring this exhibition, which is a constant reminder of our culture. (Not to mention the correct pronunciation of words like mullinyan). The only thing non-Italian in Tony is that he has no underpinnings Or something unheard of in the rest of my family (except my parents had no one). <br /> <br /> The most prominent events in this show are Gandolfini, as a ruthless gangster against antidepressants, and Falco, illustrious as his wife, and Bracco as a tormented Jennifer. But everyone is excellent. If you can take violence and language, this is a wonderful display, an uncompromising picture of mob life in New Jersey.
