I have now read some negative reviews of this offer on this site and very frankly feel appalled. So anyone thinks the soprano is not a TV, so I'm afraid I do not know what the world has reached. Let me tell you something. I started watching several T.V shows like Lost, Prison Break, Dexter, Deadwood, and even Invasion. But all these offers have lost touch after the first season, especially the Lost & Prison Break, which I refuse to watch because companies have taken genius ideas and slaughtered them by making more than one season. Then we have the soprano. I can honestly say that this is the only television series I have ever seen where I am fascinated throughout its season, and most of all all its episodes. There is no section where this offer does not excel. Acting - There is nothing wonderful. James Gandolfini is one of my favorite actors and I feel that his acting is very amazing in every episode. After hearing that HBO wanted Ray Layota to play Tony, I felt it would be the best option, but after seeing the first few actors I knew HBO did Wonderful in portraying James as Tony. The raw passion offered by the wonderful. Then we have everyone else, Eddie Falco, Michael Imprioli, Lauren Bracco, Dominique Chianissi (who remembered that Johnny Ola is in the godfather part two) and my favorite personal characters are Tony Serico, Steve Van Zandt Pauli, Walntes Gaultieri and Silvio Dante. All these actors perform the best quality, all of which give excellent performance in each loop. Then we have the story, I have never absorbed the presentation of T.V before. The story is not short of excellent. Each episode is routed superbly and the result of this presentation is just fantastic. I feel that Soprano is one of the shows I can see over and over again and I never feel bored. I've got everything from funniest humor to brutal violence, but it will always be the best thing to honor TV, and I challenge anyone to find a real flaw in the program. Do not just say very violent, or they feel that Tony's character is immoral, I mean that he introduced the mafia at the end of the day, do not think the characters will be sincere or sincere to God. I appeal to everyone to watch this show because I believe, you'll be hooked from the first episode, I've been, and I even got a few friends who first refused to watch the show, hooked. When I say that this show is Godsend compared to the foolishness shown on TV after I watched the first season, you will definitely agree when I say again that this show dominates television, and there is no television show now or future, we will never marvel at the marvel that is the soprano .
