Perhaps Sopranos was the most famous television series of all, so it was natural that my expectations were from the ceiling, yet the show was overshadowed. I like the type of mafia and crime in the film and I enjoy following the compelling news stories in these worlds, but this is much more. 86+ hours of material gives the story an opportunity not only to be one of the most exciting and unpredictable Mafia stories / adventures, but also to be a wonderful family drama, a shocking personal study, a brilliant comedy, Which deals with the nature of good and evil and intellectual intellectual cooperation between dreams and hallucinations are all representative in one. David Chase's epic series managed to accomplish all this and more, supporting HBO because the nearest television can reach the film's perfection, paving the way for a number of other serials to continue broadcasting audiences away. <br /> <br /> Realism exists when needed, but Chase's decisions to stay away from sometimes influencing "dream rings" and the like add only more layers to the series. Chase - along with a powerful writing crew including Matthew Weiner and Terence Winter, future creators of Mad Men and Boardwalk Empire respectively - transformed New Jersey into a complex world full of the greatest characters I have ever seen on television. <br /> <br /> James Gandolfini took over the show as Tony, one of the world's leading television personalities. Tony is committed to half the brutal stereotypes of pop culture, but he challenges the other half entirely. Through his family's interactions and sessions with Dr. Milfay (Lauren Bracco, who has a great chemistry that ensures the scenes of therapy you always have a completely different feeling from the rest of the show) We see almost every aspect of Tony Soprano and learn that he is more than any man would expect. <br /> <br /> Edie Falco corresponds to the strength of Gandolfini's performance as Tony Carmella's wife. From her mixed feelings about Tony's lifestyle, to her doubts about the murders, to her torment over Tony's deceit, to her own thoughts of infidelity, Carmela has been running a series of emotions for six seasons, making her the main instrument for non-mafia viewers with eyes in this world Rotten. The scenes between Tony and Carmela provide some of the most dramatic and realistic drama that has ever been seen on television. <br /> <br /> It seems that the support team is quite visible, and there is a wide range of characters filling the staff over the course of the six seasons, somehow without any repetition. Nancy Marshand steals the show as the arrogant mother of Tony Lavia, an insight into Tony's personal problems and panic attacks. Knowing Marsha's persistent complaints is almost outrageous because she takes the character away reasonably. Michael Imperioli is Christopher, Tony the Protector, who is led by his various bad choices to the painful path to be seen but executed brilliantly. Drea De Matteo plays the role of his girlfriend, Christopher Adriana, who is well-meaning and loves her so that her dark arc takes her personality and gets involved with Christopher's life. Tony Serico is Paulie, who was introduced as the ultimate mafia style and source of comedy, but he eventually became one of the most sympathetic and complex characters in the show, and no one plays more real anger than he is. This is just the tip of the iceberg. <br /> <br /> Familiar faces like Peter Bogdanovich, John Favreau, Ben Kingsley, Lauren Bacall, Will Arnett, Nancy Sinatra, David Stratharn, Robert Patrick, Hal Holbrooke, Bert Young and Eric Mangini appear throughout the show, while Prominent names such as Joe Pantoliano, Steve Busemi and Stephen van Zandt have regular roles as key characters in the series. There are more than 50 great personalities with powerful arcs, excitement and unprecedented tension in any of the various subgroups during the show. <br /> <br /> Comedies and entire episodes are full of great joy, diluting the powerful dramatic power of this series, which is so versatile that for some reason or more it leaves the credits of almost any episode. The Soprano series is the most powerful and addictive series I have seen in general, and their highs are so impressive that I should call them my favorite program despite the lowest levels that can be discussed (most of them disagree). <br /> <br /> Whether you like or dislike the end, or what you make is irrelevant: the discussion you created is an achievement in itself. The iconic nature of the whole series makes an essential part of television history. There are many items that anyone can love and marvel at in this show, so if you are thinking of watching something else instead, do it preferably and dangerous.
