"The Sopranos" is not just about attracting audiences from everywhere, but I think (to me at least) that what's bringing viewers back is acting. (You can not even challenge this claim) James Gandolfini, starring Tony Soprano (in this view) became a "Hollywood elite" as much as a television series. I will not go forward and compare it with Robert De Niro or Al Pacino, or at least not just yet. He, however, does hell job playing the role of Tony Soprano. In the years since 1999, Gandolfini has largely risen as an actor (thanks to his role in the Superman movie) to the point that he is considered among the best in this area. And it's not just him. "The Sopranos" tells a wonderful collection of actors including Lauren Bracco, Eddie Falco, Michael Emperioli, Dominic Chianissi and the late late Nancy Marshand, who played the terrifying mother of Tony. At this stage of the exhibition, it is considered a classic cult and rightly so. The first two seasons were unusual. Violent and very ugly in a frequent way, but without a doubt, done unusually. The third season was great, but it did not rise to the hype of Season 1 and 2. The fourth season, which ended a few years ago, was the weakest season yet (or at least, in my opinion). Despite the drought, I still find it (the fourth season of the "Soprano") more entertaining than most of its competitors and this says a lot because I recently noticed a trend in good new TV shows. Examples include: Six Feet Under, The Shield, Curb Your Enthusiasm and OZ (which is not technically new but ended with an unforgettable season this year). Although back to my point of view, looking at the best display of all the competition during a very bad year, not less, is a remarkable achievement by the book. "Soprano" is ranked higher than all other television programs of its time, and its authors deserve a lot of credit. In conclusion, I would say, "Soprano" is the real deal for people. For the average mature viewer (17 years and older) who enjoys drama and does not mind mixing a little violence and obscene words, you may want to review "The Sopranos" if you get the chance. Trust me that it will be worth all this time.
