This is a great example of a stupid good movie. No, not high art by any means. There is no text anywhere near Woody Allen or Mel Brooks. But what about it! The Killer Tomatoes series (four movies and an animated series) is basically well integrated on the ground ruled by the Zuckers before they turn into serious clicks. <br /> <br /> The fourth installment of Killer Tomatoes deals with the Killer Tomatoes plot against France. In this case, Professor Gangren (the third time in the role of John Aston) has a plan to rule France through an old prophecy about the return of the legitimate king of France. Steve Lundquist returns to Igor, a human tomato that wants to be a sportsman and speaks of being a dead knight of France's long-lost king. It is clear that he is also playing the above-mentioned K F game, where he will steal the French language with pleasure. <br /> <br /> Her opposition is Fuzzy Tomato, who does not know fear (like others, FT was introduced in the second film and will be a personal master in animation) and his human allies. Mark Price, who was recently unemployed as a result of the closing of the FAMILY TIES series, plays a disguised copy of himself and passes himself on behalf of "Michael J Fox" as a way to win the girl of his dreams. Angela Visser is a dream like Mary, a joyful bounce between gay and non-shy sexual life and border psychosis. Hey that Miss Holland previous was more than a movie career! Another member of the returnees at Killer Tomatoes is Rick Rockwell (now known as the unhappy title "Who Wants to Get Married to a Millionaire?"). Like co-author John De Belo, Rockwell works in front of the camera and behind it in the series. <br /> <br /> What can you say about John De Belo? Not much, really, except that he had an individual vision and managed to get rid of it, and after doing so, he seemed clear in mystery. John, if you've seen this before, thank you for giving us Keller Tomatoes. <br /> <br /> The text is largely written but not terribly aware that this is just a film. Like the return of TOMATOES KILLER, the event occasionally intersects the group to the middle of the film crew. Mark Price has a funny forum to complain about his lack of success compared to his previous visit Michael J. Fox. This is the largest budget in all Killer Tomatoes clicks and is a great show for this series. Well, the show then moved to Fox Kids as an animated series (which was also very smart), but the cartoons are not the same.
