I love MIDNIGHT COWBOY and put it in my video collection because it's my favorite. What's interesting to me is how when MIDNIGHT COWBOY appeared in 1969, it was shocking to the viewers that it was rated X. Of course, X meant Maturity at the time. Since I was only two years old at the time of the film, it's hard for me to imagine how surprised the viewers are. However, when I try to take into account that many of the topics covered in the film, which included prostitution (the same title was a slang for a male prostitute); homeopathy. It is difficult for so many people to talk about physical (and to some extent emotional) abuse and drugs, and I can begin to know what the viewers of this film thought when it was released. In the 1970s, the MIDNIGHT COWBOY rating was reduced to the R rating, and although it is still classified as R, some PG-13 ratings can be categorized according to today's standards. <br /> <br /> I would like to give a short summary of the plot even though it is likely to know almost anyone has heard about the film. John Voight plays the role of a young man named Joe Buck of Texas and decides that he can be a big swindler in New York City accompanied by women chandeliers. It simulates cowboy actors like Roy Rogers by wearing a cowboy outfit thinking that it will impress women. After being rejected by all the women he met, he met a polite man named Enrico "Ratso" Rizzo and played by Dustin Hoffman. Joe Ratso persuades that he can earn all kinds of money if he has a manager. Once again, Joe is deceived and before he becomes homeless. However, Joe comes across Ratsu and is invited to stay in a rundown apartment. Without giving up further plot, I want to say that the rest of the film deals with Joe and Ratso as they try to help each other in an attempt to realize their dreams. Which. Joe is making Kegiolo and Ratso heading for Florida where he believes he can restore his health. <br /> <br /> I want to make some comments about the film itself. First of all, the representation is excellent, especially the threads. Although the film is very sad from start to finish, there are some classic scenes. In fact, there are some scenes that although they are not meant to be funny, I find them amusing. For example, there is a classic scene where Dustin Hoffman and John Voight walk through a city street and a taxi running around. Dustin Hoffman beats the cab and says "Hey, I'm walking here! I'm walking here!" I have come out of this scene because it is usual in New York City where many people rush. Another scene that comes to mind is the scene in which Ratsu (Dustin Hoffman) Joe (John Voight) sends to a person named Udaniel. The fun thing is that at first, we believe that Udanel is there to employ gigolos and we can see why Joe feels thrilled, but then we began to realize that O'Daniel is nothing but a religious nut. In addition to the two scenes I mentioned, I like the scene in which Ratsu and Joe are in their apartment when Ratsu tells Joe that his cowboy clothes only attract homosexuals and Joe says in self-defense, "John Wayne, you'll tell me he's poor!" What I like is delivery in this the scene. <br /> <br /> I would like to say that although MIDNIGHT COWBOY was appointed in the late 1960s, most of them are ringing today. That's because although the area near 42nd Street in New York has been cleaned up in the Disney Group image in the last few years, homelessness is still rampant there now as it was 40 years ago. Also, many people have unrealistic dreams about how to achieve their big goals just to smash their dreams as was the case with John Voight's character. The only thing that impressed me about John Voight's character was how he was a survivor and I felt that at the end of the film he matured a lot and that Ratsu (Dustin Hoffman's character) had a good influence on him. <br /> <br /> In conclusion, I would like to say that I suggest that when watching this movie, one should watch it at least several times because there are a lot of things that go on. For example, there are a set of loopback and dream sequences that were logical to me after a few times. Also, what I find interesting is that there is so much in the film that leaves for interpretation, like what actually happened with Joe Buck (John Voight's character) and the people who were in his life in Texas. Until the end, although I do not want to give it to those who have not seen the film, they are fairly open.
