John Schlesinger's acid, continuous and beautiful masterpiece was less effective today than it was 35 years ago, when American life was more disoriented. Perhaps the film could not have been produced at any other time in history, because much of the unrest occurred in the late 1960s: the final collapse of the Great American West, the intensification of the war in Vietnam, and the conflict of social ideals that were perplexed in a variety. <br /> <br /> "Midnight Cowboy" is widely recognized as the only Oscar-winning film that has earned an "X" rating, but there is much more to its fame; it also transcends the rule as a work of art. While this film (from James Liu Herlehee) has a lot to say about the erosion of American life, it goes beyond the policy of the 1960s by looking at hidden friendship bonds and dealing with themes familiar to man of all ages. In fact, the main character is the hostile antibodies - men who have nothing to offer but many to vent from our world. <br /> <br /> The initial focus of Midnight Cowboy is 28 years old. Joe Buck, an indigenous Texan who plays John Voight. In the opening scenes, we follow an air-bus trip to New York City, where he plans to use one of his few real gifts - the ability to please women - and earn his fortune as a fraudster. We learn on arrival that a naive atmosphere in the sex trade. The young Texan dresses in cowboy clothes and declares himself to be "one hell of a nail," flipping on his early trick before sharing with Enrico Ratsu Riso (Dustin Hoffman), a misguided man and a small Bronx thief. Ratsu, who is thin, short, and weak, proves he has little cash to help Joe. Money runs out quickly and with the growth of life in the winter months, Joe and Ratso fluttered in a Manhattan apartment building barely condemned to a dollar or square meal for their names. During this period, a strong friendship developed between them, where the two men depended on each other in the face of enormous difficulties. <br /> <br /> Throughout the film, Joe heard hearing back to previous years in Texas, including life with his grandmother Sally (Ruth White), who acted as a guardian; his strong relationship with "Annie" , A notorious local girl; and a shocking incident in which Joe and Annie were attacked by the townspeople who wanted to break the love affair. Much of its time, the "Midnight Cowboy" series combines a wide range of memories of the past, sequences of dreams and narcotic images that shed light on the main characters while also distorting their backgrounds. For every moment we understand from Joe and Ratso, more questions are created about their lives. Both men are undoubtedly in a deplorable state. They do not have a clear sense of direction until Ratsu falls into the pain of illness and finally feels the purpose of being alive. This revelation drives "Midnight Cowboy" to its end, a kind of hope in a very bleak story. <br /> <br /> While Joe and Ratso desperately need some luck, John Schlesinger's direction has been clearly defined and uses the outline of the Waldo Salt scenario to allow Voith and Hoffmann to grow. Their interactions are very natural, and the support team, which includes Silvia Miles, Brenda Vaccaro and members of the Andy Warhol group, presents itself as an essential part of the story. The flash sequences of Voight, Ruth White, and Jennifer Salt are particularly impressive in dealing with lost time. <br /> <br /> Any young man who wonders about a drug era is advised to watch this film, thanks to an excellent film adaptation of Adam Hollander ("The Boy Who Can Fly", "The Smoke") and the release of Hugh Robertson ("Spear"). "Midnight Cowboy" works with soundtracks (compiled by John Barry) as a coherent unit, and sometimes predicts music videos over the past two decades. Nelson sang "Everybody's Talking," which was actually used as a temporary track during the editing phase. The unforgettable harmonica feature is played by Jean Tots Theliamans. <br /> <br /> "Midnight Cowboy" has been released in a Collector's Edition of two MGM / UA discs, which features extensive features and commentary. Also available is the 1998 DVD version (used for this review), which provides dual-format and standard format with improved 5.1 Dolby Digital audio; subtitles and closed captions; French "dubbing"; re-launch play trailer (not "original" as advertised); And an eight-page production brochure. Both versions of the DVD contains a copy of the 25th anniversary of the restoration of the film, demonstrating its original brilliance. The three Oscars (Best Picture, Schlesinger, Waldo Salt) and additional nominations (Voight, Hoffman, Sylvia Miles, Hugh Robertson), "Midnight Cowboy" will maintain their place in the list of timeless classics. <br /> <br /> *** out out of 4
