This is not the timeless masterpiece that she hopes will be built on the praise she received, but Midnight Cowboy in 1969 remains a strong show for two young actors who broke into the vision at the time. Directed by John Schlesinger and his book Waldo Salt, it seems that the film was a product of his time, in the late 1960s when American films were particularly expressive, but they still receive mantra because the story turns into themes of unity and bonds that resonate no matter how long. The cinematic influence is still felt in the unspoken emotion of Ang Lee's "Brokeback Mountain." <br /> <br /> The sequel follows Joe Pack, a naïve young Texan who decides to move to Manhattan to become a rental lover of rich women. It is full of vitality but lacks any subtlety, but it fails miserably, but is unwilling to concede defeat despite its diminishing financial resources. He meets an angry thief named Ratsu Rizzo, who initially sees Joe as an easy driver. The two become dependent on each other, and Rizzo begins to manage Joe. Things have culminated in a narcotic drug-infested party, with Joe finally directing a paid client. At the same time, Rizo became more sick, and the two went to Florida in search of a better life. This is not a story that will attract everyone. In fact, some may still find them repulsive because the crook and the thief turn into sympathetic personalities, but their dilemmas feel very sincere. <br /> <br /> John Voight plays a key role in its exemplary cycle, because it highlights the paper craftsmanship that characterizes the atmosphere, and increases sexual insecurity. As Rizzo, Dustin Hoffman has managed to raise his clean image after college from the "graduate" and immerses himself in personal deterioration and brilliant hope that serves as an oddly compatible interview point with Joe. The authenticity of their images is complemented by the handling of Schlesinger's film, which vividly captures the screams of the Times Square neighborhood at the time. The director effectively inserts images of past memories and imaginary sequences to fill the fragile jokes of the character. Fadl also needs to go to Salt to avoid the widespread cynicism of overcoming storytelling. Other performances are just occasional for major character tours, including Brenda Vaccaro while the woman meets with Joe at the concert, Silvia Miles as a noisy breather, John McGeever as a religious fanatic and Bernard Hughes as a soloist. <br /> <br /> The two-disc DVD package for 2006 contains a hard copy of the original version of the 1994 Restoration and a useful comment from producer Jerome Hellman because unfortunately Schlesinger and Sallett still live. There are three great features on the second disc - a retrospective documentary film, "After Midnight: Reflections on Classical 35 Years Later", which features comments from Helman, Hoffman, Voight and others, as well as clips and clips related to the archive as the Voight Screen Test to. "Controversy and Praise", which examines the genesis of the film's "X" initial rating and public response to the film; and a tribute to the director of the Schlesinger Celebration.
