Joe Buck (John Voight) decides that he will leave his small life in Texas and make it big in the big city. Women are the assets of the question and the men are "Totti Frutis" mainly. He comes to New York City, unprepared for a series of humiliating adventures, worse than the other. In the middle of that mess, Rico meets and endorses "Ratsu" Riso (Dustin Hoffman), a homeless man who lives in a seemingly condemned building. <br /> <br /> There's not much of a story because MIDNIGHT COWBOY is a series of short essays designed not only to show Joe Joe Buck in the city, but also between his past and showing us in shock scraps and semi-narcotic dream sequences from his past: His failed relationship with his girlfriend Annie (Jennifer Salt), who was gang raped, abandoned by his mother, and his apparent abuse by his grandmother, who used to practice masturbation of men for money. The atmosphere of gloom dominates the film almost from the sad beginning, with Nelson playing throughout the opening and credited for his deceptive appearance in "Everybody Speaks". We feel that although we want Joe to make his fingerprints in the city in the end, the odds are so great that he will not work and will eventually work on the pennies on a dead end mission - appearing in a wonderful shot from his external point of view. A man working as a dishwasher in the soup kitchen through a window and sees himself. We know from the look in his eyes that he does not want to end like this. <br /> <br /> A dark story of collapsed hopes, John Schlesinger creates painful images of lost lives in the late 1960s, the center, and friendship between two men struggling to make a sense of their lives amid the elusive comfort of a dignified life. There is an implicit notion that they may be her fans - that Ratsu's arrival in Jo's embrace in the concert scene and finally suggest their final embrace is certainly to this - but this film is essentially a friend film, can literally survive, to death, and bring A sort of hope for Joe that seems to end up in Florida has changed a lot and the older the more wiser.
