Perhaps John Schlesinger's "Midnight Cowboy" is the most famous for being the only X-rated film in Academy history to get an Academy Award for Best Picture. This was certainly what I first heard, and to be quite honest, I did not expect much from the film. That does not mean I thought it would be terrible, but somehow I did not consider it a kind of film I would enjoy watching. Is this one of the reasons why you do not trust your instincts on such ethics ?? A wonderful combination of stellar acting, ambitious direction, and memorable soundtracks ("Everybody Speaks" in My Face, I Do not Hear a Word to Say ") makes this film one of the finest explorations of life, naive and friendly at all. ), Dressed in the style of cowboy pride, travels from Texas to New York to look for a new life as a male prostitute. However, it seems that women do not want to pay for their services, and face an atmosphere of extreme poverty when their stock of money begins to dry up. During these exploits, Joe comes to meet Enrico "Ratsu" Rizzo (Dustin Hoffman), a fraudulent paralyzed paralyzed who initially tries to extract an atmosphere of all his money. When they realize that they are in the same predicament, Ratsu offers an atmosphere where they stay, work together, and try to make their lives (not very honest) for themselves in the cold and full of New York City. <br /> <br /> Joe himself has convinced that New York women will be more than willing to pay for sex; however, his first business ends with the payment of a guilty woman (Sylvia Miles) $ 20. Although he may consider himself somewhat intelligent, Ratso is just as naïve as Joe. Ratsu, with his painful limp and hacking power, always reassures himself that if he can travel to the warmth of Miami, everything will be fine. This misguided expectation that things will easily improve is reminiscent of Lenney and George John Steinbeck's classic novel "From Mice and Men." <br /> <br /> Shot largely in the streets of New York, Midnight Cowboy has a realistic look at life in the slums. By watching the film, we can feel ourselves inside the unhealthy house of Ratsu, our joints stiff from the painful winter cold. Representation certainly contributes to this extreme realism, with both Voet and Hoffmann portraying the decadence of decay in modern society. Hoffman, in particular, is exceptional in his role (I'm walking here! I'm walking here!), Where he managed to get away from being a manuscript after his famous appearance in 1967. The two stars were later nominated for Best Actor Oscar Sylvia Miles, for appearances could not have been more than five minutes), although both eventually lost to John Wayne in 'Troy Perseverance.' "Midnight Cowboy" continued to win three Oscar nominations from seven nominations, including Best Picture, Schlesinger's Best Director and Best Waldo Salt. <br /> <br /> Midnight Cowboy is primarily told , Although there are many historical snapshots that hint at Joe's past. Instead of making clear what these brief excerpts are about, the public is invited to think about it themselves, and how these circumstances can lead Joe to the path he is following. The last beautiful beautiful landscape leaves us a glimmer of hope, but a great deal of uncertainty, stirring the attraction and excitement of Faqeer and exquisite, is a game Midnight Cowboy is one for the ages.
