"Midnight Cowboy" was never a great movie but a classic. You know it's a classic game the moment she starts her song, "Everybody's Talking" on the soundtrack, (actually not written for the film), and the way we know the camera on Joe Buck (naked and in the bathroom). We have seen John Voight before but we have never noticed him but when he tells us that he is "markedly studded" who doubts him? This was a great performance that had an iconic star as well as a full understanding of the character and if Voight did not do anything else, his performance here would remain legendary. As with Voight rarely disappointed on the screen. Even a piece of pork that has been well treated like its performance in this glorious garbage "Anaconda" is the source of pleasure). <br /> <br /> The movie has become famous and reputed almost overnight. (Even at the end of the pessimistic), funny, sexy and real; (It was the end of the sixties of the last century and all the characters rang for her). It was also the first film rated "X" to win the Oscar for Best Picture of the Year. Through Waldo Salt, by James Leo Herlehey, Waldo Salt was perhaps the first major American commercial film to deal with "illicit" topics such as homosexuality and drug abuse in a realistic way. Every human being, warts, and every person is treated with sympathy. Voight's Joe Buck is innocent abroad, a Candide who comes to New York to seek his fortune as a fraudster (a profession he sees as glamorous and not contrived; he is a gigolo-social worker). But when he himself is subjected to a small, angry deceit called "Ratsu Rizo" (Dustin Hoffman, new from the "graduate" is revealed), he realizes that the reality may be slightly different from the tube. - the dream. <br /> <br /> It's basically a male love story, (although it's completely Platonistic), between these couple and is not very unlikely. Both are on their own, and both are in desperate need of each other's garrison, (Voight with his physical prowess, Hoffman with his brilliance on the street). They are unfit in the mainstream, tolerant of their own characteristics and the deviations of others. Although "Voile" Voight does not go beyond homosexuality in 42 Street Cinema with a single boy more than himself. (The entire film is a strange "Christian" position). <br /> <br /> It also behaves beautifully. While Voight and Hoffman are watching the screen all the time, wonderful scraps like Brenda Vaccaro and Sylvia Miles, as well as John McGiver, Bob Balaban and Bernard Hughes as diverse customers and hangers, feature small personal studies that seem to transcend representation altogether while John Schlesinger's direction gives The film has a sense of documentary as well as a foreign perspective completely separate from under the American belly without grudge and without criticism. In the second thoughts, perhaps it is a wonderful movie after all.
