Midnight Cowboy opens with Run Drive in the theater with the voice of the main character, Joe Voight singing in the bathroom. He sings the song of cowboys, the same thing he strives to achieve. Joe captures his wet life in Texas and transfers it to New York City with the dream of many women, even more money. He was dressed as a cowboy feed, but in a caricature, his friends did not take him seriously. His journey begins on the bus heading to New York City, and we can quickly see how diluted atmosphere is through his interactions with other passengers. This is primarily the story of the perception of the atmosphere of the harsh facts of the real world. <br /> <br /> He starts off as a very naive southern man who thinks he can make him in New York City only look beautiful. He has no other reason to think in another way, because they proved useful in the past; we learn this from the many memories of the past he has. At first, the memories of the past were portrayed in a way that they perceived as rather eccentric. It is foggy and the sounds seem to come from a distance, as they are, they come out of their past. However, as Joe deepens the reality of the harsh atmosphere of New York City, we see more of his past, no longer eccentric but brave, filmed in black and white with a quick release to portray the harsh nature of past events. This is particularly apparent in the flashback he is being subjected to and assault on his girlfriend, and her rape. In one of these flashbacks, we see a building demolished by bricks. This reflects the way that Joe himself breaks down; the naivete he once carried down falls from him. He and Ratsu (Dustin Hoffman) are in a state of trouble and can barely get food to eat; Joe realizes that he can not live away from his looks, and that there is a courage in New York he could not imagine. His inner mind reflects the way his real life stares. <br /> <br /> Ratso also serves as a kind of mirror for Joe, but in an opposite way; Ratsu is an air foil. Joe is a strong, handsome man who, for the most part, has a good exterior. Ratsu, on the other hand, since the first time we see him sitting next to Joe in the bar, we can say that he is the opposite. It is short, dark, and always enveloped in the luster of sweat. He understands how the world works, it is ruthless, and sometimes it fails to try; just as his father did. They live in the same world, in the same apartment, but they understand things on a completely different level. <br /> <br /> The subject of alienation, which is common in this era, is very clear in this film. . Neither Joe nor Ratsu fits in with the surrounding culture. Joe feels trapped in Texas and moves to New York City where he is still very strange. Ratsu, who lives in the cold of New York City, wants to move to sunny Florida where he thinks he will be able to find a good life. Although this is his ideal, in the imagination that we get from Ratsu's point of view, it is clear that he knows that he will not really fall into society. In this fantasy, it is managed by the people who live around it, it is again strange, isolated from society. <br /> <br /> The gap between Joe and Ratso will not end until the end. Joe resorts to violence; takes the mentality of this city in order to get money to finance a way to escape for Florida for himself and Ratsu. On the trip, we see Joe coming out of a shop wearing no cowboy clothes that is unprecedented in the rest of the film. He is dressed as a person who seems to be heading to Florida for a holiday. Ratsu is worn the same way. He is tired to make them fit in with the new society they enter, but to no avail. When Ratsu dies on the bus, their passengers are once again seen as strangers. Even in this new culture they entered, they can not escape the alienation they met at every turn in this film. Despite the death of Ratsu, and the continuing atmosphere of isolation, the film ends with the hope that Joe will be able to learn his new knowledge of how the world works and creates a better life than he could have lived in New York City. Midnight Cowboy is an excellent film that depicts the harsh reality of society and isolation, with great performances by Voight and Hoffman.
