Perhaps terror is two kinds in which logic does not always win the imagination. We all know that killers such as Freddie, Jason, Michael and even Lesser Weissk must not be able to afford the amount of pain they still suffer and still live in combat another day. Most of us do not think that the zombie really rises from the dead to haunt people and eat their brains. Let's hope that at least some people will know that when you enter places like Funhouses and Old Palaces, unspeakable crimes will not be committed against them. This is where fantasy conquers reality. Horror, and most films in general, requires us to attach our disbelief to a few hours and just go with the flow. This is usually not a problem when I see bouncing balls falling on the stairs in George C. Scott or when I see an invisible force chasing three amateur filmmakers in the woods near Burkitsville. But what I have a problem with digestion (without wanting to go back to normal life) is when the film has a killer like that in the film. It's enough to say that I really enjoyed this movie until the final scene when the killer is revealed. There are many events in the film that you nominate to understand that the killer is who he is. But the 90 minutes before this point is a good, bloodthirsty and blood-filled film directed by skill by John Hogg. If the film would provide me with a different killer, then I would be really excited about it. This may seem a very illogical reason to discredit the film, but believe me, anyone who saw the movie will definitely agree with me. <br /> <br /> John Casswith plays the role of Dr. Sam Cordell. He and his daughter Jenny (played beautifully by Irine Flannery) recently moved to this small town in New England. Cordele is a modern widow and it is not clear how his wife died. We see many flashback scenes where the mysterious woman (one can assume she is his wife only) is placed behind the ground during heavy rain. Her face is stained with blood and her eyes are closed. Again, I'm not sure about this woman and what is important to the story but it exists anyway. Cassevetes, it should be noted that it is strange to say less. Cordell is a loving father, but his love for his daughter seems a bit more than a parent. There are some scenes that hint at the possibilities of incest. This never comes but it seems omnipotent, but somewhere down the home carpet. Thankfully, the film does not explore this element of relationship but it makes you feel uncomfortable. <br /> <br /> Casevettes looks like a cross between the pornographic actor John Leslie and the wonderful screen James was having. He has a deceptive smile and a strong voice that makes you sit and watch. But he also seems to be about to come out during a working lunch at every scene. He only has this phony, deceptive, phlegm, in a troubled way about him. It never seems to be credible in this film. I think this is credited to the book and director Cassevetes himself. There was always something that bothered me about his character from the start. <br /> <br /> The story begins with an excellent note where two swimmers will be in the local quarry. There is a decrepit old change falling near it, and as we can see, there is something or someone watching them. When the young man briefly disappears to get something from the truck, the girl walks around the barn, just to play a joke. Once there, they are under attack. The young man kneels on the porch to find it distorted by a plate and nails. However, it gives us skill when the young man comes. He frantically walks around the room and notices that his sweetheart is bleeding in the corner, and then the man smokes. It's a very tense moment and the movie starts playing in the right note. <br /> <br /> A young man named Tim also presented a tangled story, and he seemed to have strange dreams about the unknown. A woman is tied in a torture room surrounded by men wearing cloaks covering their faces. Tim seems to believe that his dreams have something to do with murder because each time he murders, he has another dream. Arme in Jeddah is quiet and turbid, a respectable reporter and a close local local but you have all the ingredients needed to create burgers designs in the small town of Galen. <br /> <br /> More people have been slaughtered, but most of the time, males are slaughtered with extreme prejudice and females are raped. This is my first (and wary) attempt to tell you that this is what made me not convinced of the cancellation. He did not hit the right chord. <br /> <br /> Incubus is a good movie. It's tense, tight and even most offers very well. I was impressed by the dreams that Tim had in mind and I was keen to know how important they were to this story and ultimately to murder. But when you beat everything that was good in the movie, you can still leave this amazing taste in your mouth. The bitter disks are always harder to swallow than those sweet ones. <br /> <br /> 7 out of 10 - the number could have been nine. so sad.
