If you ever have a chance to see Sandra Bernhard live personally, it is best for you to move on them. I saw her last year in Los Angeles at the opening of her tour "All Bad and Beautiful" and I still can not believe I was in the first row, and I'm lucky enough to experience such a huge show. Is now in New York with the show coinciding with the launch of her flagship wonder, "Without You I'm Nothing". We have lost Richard Pryor, Lenny Bruce, Nina Simone, but Sandra is still with us. Patti Smith is missing at work, but not Sandra. Barbara Streisand continues to touch her head once in a moment, but Sandra makes up for the place where she leaves. Well, I want to know, Ms. Bernhard is a few of these influential artists and others. I really wanted to push this film because of truth, honesty, humor and selective songs (from Laura Nero, Sylvester, Nina Simon, Prince) and texts that define decomposition, joy, sadness and complaints of the 70s and 80s. Well stolen, quite a lot of this offer if not Sandra herself. Names will not be names but come on, people, you and I know who they are. See, the thing, Bernard plays with its own rules. This film, as well as its live shows, shows that she remains an artist faithful to the old school of business, as well as moving forward. Reminiscent of its performances at the smoky jazz clubs (during Miles Davis, Coletran and Monk), 70s television shows, intimate cabaret acts and concerts reminiscent of Judy Garland to Joan Jett. Most comedians could not touch where Sandra was coming from or would go. So, I was here a year ago, watching Sandra at the Silent Film Theater, full of horror and happiness. I wanted to meet her after the show, and give her something that meant something to me and hope she meant something to her. But I listen to my version of Giving Til it Hurt, and I only thank her for praying, for kinds of laughs, made me think, and made me feel. You can not deny the presence of this lady, and certainly you can not deny the talent that just pushes out of the theater. It's still here, damn it, even after the launch of "None You're Nothing", about 15 years ago. They look fantastic, by the way. I know it very closely, walking from the stage and one of the audience said to another audience: "She is a very funny woman ... and she still looks wonderful !!! If you can not try her life yet, please watch this movie. I meant a lot of things for me, I've had some crazy times, if you can send me an email, please do so, if you do not, you know you're still attacking him. Come on, people, leave it to the lady !!!!
