In the trivia section of Pet Sematary, George Romero (director of two stories for Stephen King, Creepshow and The Dark Half) was appointed to guide him and then was withdrawn. One wonders what he would have brought to the film, because director Marie Lambert, though not a really bad director, does not bring much imagination to adapt King's novel, which was written by the screenplay. There are, of course, some very surrealistic scenes, strangely effective (mainly involving Sister Zelda, and probably more crawling for children if they watch the film), and acting in some roles was ideal. But there is something sometimes missing, a kind of elegance that can correspond to an atmosphere that looks like an unambiguous king, which in this case is as satisfactory as you would get without raising cannibals from tombs of graves (known as) if He will save it in his latest novel ... <br /> <br /> As mentioned above, some of the actors are wonderful, especially Micko Hughes as Gage Creed, the little boy who moves from being one to transform young children into this aspect of Horror film of the 1980s to be a little beast (I say this as a compliment, of course, especially in scenes that stain a certain condition). There is also a supporting role for Fred Goen from the Monster team, which plays the role of this old and secret man with the right notes of lack of play and destruction. Clapping applause for Andrew Hobatsik. But there are some other drawbacks though other casting. Dale Midkiff is a good, not wonderful, character as the conflicting and troubled father Creed, and his daughter Ellie plays by an actress who has never worked with me. <br /> <br /> In terms of setting some chilling sets, only a couple really stand out: the moment the thickness of a piece of land (do not spoil, it involves the song Ramones cool), the first visit to half the pet pet (the eldest) Including the kind of mystical tones the king was in shining. For the most part, it's a very polished routing task, although it could have been made darker to match the script. If it is thought logically (albeit in terms of the king), it is indeed one of its most effective works in that period. But they do not add what they can, or should. However, it makes for a slightly neat midnight movie.
