Louis Creed, a Chicago doctor, moves to a large house near a small town, because he will give classes at the University of Maine. Next to him, his wife Rachel and their son, Elie and Gigg, as well as Cat Ellie, the church. They quickly met their new neighbor, an old man named Judd Crandall. Not only does Lewis and Rachel warn of the danger posed by the highway that runs behind their house (this is always the medium used by large trucks) but also shows the family pet cemetery that is near their house. Jude begins to talk about the importance of a pet cemetery, but Rachel is opposed to talking about death and spirituality with her children, because she is traumatized by the death of her sister Zelda. <br /> <br /> During the first week of Lewis at the new house, Luis already has people to deal with: Victor Pascoe, the student who was fatally wounded in a car accident, directs his death to Lewis personally, even though the two men are strangers. The night after Pascow's death, Lewis is exposed to what he thinks is a very vital dream where he meets Pascow, who leads him to the Pet Cemetery and warns Lewis of "going further, no matter how much you feel the need." Lewis woke up in bed the next morning, convinced that it was just a dream, until he discovered his feet and bedspreads covered with needles of dirt and pine. Anyway, he refuses the dream. Many strange things begin to happen, and the church dies, as Ellie cat, while walking on the highway. Lewis is still worried about how he will talk about Churchill's death with Eli, but Jude, who sympathizes with him, takes Good Lewis to the pet cemetery, which is supposed to bury the church. But instead of stopping there, Good Lewis leads a frightening journey to the "real graveyard": an ancient burial ground used by Micmac ('... Indians ...'). There Louis is buried on the Jud instructions, Jud said that the animals buried there have returned to life. This is where the real horror story begins ... <br /> <br /> Personally I find this movie very good. It's not the most horrifying of all, but it's one of the best horror movies I've ever seen. It is almost impossible to keep Gage in your memory, especially as a young child. It is nice to see the veil of Stephen King as minister of funeral. <br /> <br /> Of course, there are some mistakes in the text: How can a rich doctor with two young children live in a dangerous highway near his home? How did Gage have no scratches or anything after being hit by a truck? Why does Lewis continue to revive every member of his family knowing that they will all be like monsters? Such things are meaningless, but I can understand that all horror texts must have some surrealistic ideas for action. <br /> <br /> It's good to see something good I've seen in this film. Death with children, regardless of your religion or if you are an atheist, and also that avoiding important topics does not help in anything. Because of Luis's fear of being honest with Eli and confronting him and saying that her cat will not return again, all this nightmare has begun.
