"Pet Sematary" is adapted from Stephen King's novel of the same title. The story follows the creed - a middle-class American family that moves to a home outside the country. The family consists of Lewis and Rachel, and their two young sons, Eli and his little son, Gage. The house can not be better, the family meets with a strange but friendly old man, Jude, lives on the road. It leads them on an old road to the forest once a pet cemetery - filled with a large quantity of animal cemeteries. Beyond that, lies a sacred Indian burial ground that seems to possess a strange power. When a family cat kills the church, Lewis sees it appropriate to bury him in the pet cemetery - and it is strange that the church will return to life soon after. But there is something evil about him now, he is not the same cat that he was. When a tragic accident kills a young man, Gage decides to apply the same concept in the hope of reviving his dead son ... Unfortunately, he gets more than he bargained for. <br /> <br /> After Stephen read the King's novel, I can say that the book is much better than the film. Not to say that the film is bad, because it is not - the book is a little better. The real power in this film lies in his story, which is both strange but very original, and is best known for the stories of King. The text is adapted very well from the story, and although it is slightly different in some respects, it is a good shift from page to screen. There are some holes in the plot here and there, nothing big though. Besides, this film is already scary, and succeeds in its intention to do so. There are some really disturbing scenes during the film, and I would say that the flashback sequence of Rachel Zelda's sister is the first figure. Frankly, this is one of the most disgusting and disturbing things I've ever seen in a horror movie - it's not evil and bloody, it's just a disease. One thing is certain, that the picture will not leave your head anytime soon. <br /> <br /> All the performances in this film were very similar and I had no problem there. This film is actually on the astounding side, and there are a lot of bad small sequences to satisfy all the dogs there, including the end shock. I really liked how they finished the film, it was a bit surprising and somewhat inconclusive, but it worked better with all the things that were considered. <br /> <br /> In general, "Pet Sematary" is a good horror film that I d recommend to those who are fans of either Stephen King or just lovers of this genre in general. The story is the greatest film's wealth and it's very creepy. One of the best adjustments Stephen King says. 10/07.
