The Ring is made from the only script written by Hitchcock and treats, as does many of his first photographs, with the Triangle of Love. At first glance, it seems like a more ironic update of the morality comedy under the title of Betrayal Cecil B. De Mille, but more than that is the first truly Hitchcock portrait. Even if he did not use impressive ideas and novels, he would at least develop the tools that would create suspense. <br /> <br /> In addition to being a student of the German expression style, the rhythmic style of editing of Sergei Eisenstein had an impact on Hitchcock. But here keeps the rhythm not only with modifications but with image content. This is evident from the opening shots, where the games of the ride in the exhibition grounds are presented with remarkable pace. Like Eisenstein, it seems that the editing style refers to the sound ?? For example, when the second isolated snapshot of the bell flashes, we hear the sound almost unconsciously because the image is too volatile. <br /> <br /> There is also a contrast, especially with silent films from the United States, in this ring is not cluttered with so many title cards. As many images as possible are delivered, they have enough obstacle in the public's faith in reading the lips or at least deriving the meaning of the bulk of the characters' speech. This is not done by contrasting symbolism or exaggeration, but all by getting the right angles and timing, especially with the snapshots from the point of view, as well as some powerful but accurate presentations. Unfortunately, there are very few expressive devices (especially double exposures), many of which were unnecessary, but there is much less than that in The Lodger. <br /> <br /> Let us mention some honorable references to the above actors. First, Karl Brisson is amazing and very talented in leading role. Despite his talent, I was at first puzzled by the reason he had this role, and to be honest, he looked more like a ballet dancer than a freak! But this only shows how much I know, and it turns out that Bresson was in fact a professional former boxer and inexperienced in acting. His rival Ian Hunter, who will continue his long career supporting roles until the 1960s, is playing. The most demanding role in The Ring should be the role of Liliane Hall-Davis, torn between lovers. She is going very well but with little emotional performance, and it is a shame that her career did not last long in the age of sound. Last but not least, Gordon Harker offers some great comic in what may be his best role at all. <br /> <br /> The sharp battle scene of Ring is among the most impressive moments in Hitchcock in the era of silence. Martin Scorsese may have put his eye on The Ring when he took out the fighting scenes at Raging Bull, where his motto was "Stay in the Ring." The Battle begins in The Ring with some fairly regular long shots, but when the action intensifies, Hitchcock drops us in the middle directly, with close-ups and shots from a point of view. Hitchcock's goal seems to have always been to involve his audience, and this was important in his later career as the secret of his success was often to immerse the viewer in personal fear or paranoia. <br /> <br /> The Ring deserves more recognition than the lesser-known but well known Lodger. It is a much more polished and professional work than the previous one, and perhaps best of all its silent features.
