I consider myself a No. 1 fan in Hidden Frontier, where I see I am among a rather small group of fans who have already met most of these young people - well, not counting conferences, of course. I've been watching Hidden Frontier since 2001, and I have to say I'm still impressed by what these guys have found. <br /> <br /> Hidden Frontier is the brainchild of Rob Caves and his own studio, Areakt Pictures, which works out of the back room of his home. Although they are not "fictional", such as the TOS-based New Voyages series (sometimes getting some actors / writers from the original series, such as Walter Koenig, also known as Mr. Chekov), Rob and the HF crew to create The series deserves to replace that dreadful experience we called the "Foundation". The most controversial and successful story arc was the introduction of the first gay character of Star Trek, Corey Aster (who was introduced in the second season), and his quest to find a soulmate. Somewhere later in the series, Yurian Zein, an Excelsior's Trill officer, met. In the last lines of the story with these two people (warning: MAJOR SPOILER! Do not read if you have not seen the series until now!), Zen joins a profane person, causing a great deal of change and some conflict in his relationship with Aster. Although the future is uncertain - where another episode, "Beachhead", which was only shown to HF fans in the chat room last night - I think this relationship will continue, but only time will be explained. <br /> <br /> Jane Ruddenberry created Star Trek to make the story more about his characters than the brilliant space battles. Rob Caves created Hidden Frontier for the same reason - which made this string as common. As mentioned in the previous comment, I wish to give him a rating higher than 10, but it should be enough. Although the next season will be the last - while retaining the tradition of the season 7 offerings initiated by Star Trek: Next Generation - I am willing to bet that we will hear a lot about the hidden boundaries after that last episode.
