As a fan of author John Le Carr, I was slowly working my way through both his books and adaptations. In 1987, I found this wonderful work of Lou Carey in my local library and sat down to watch it, believing I would know what I expected. I was surprised to discover that my expectations were exceeded in this series, a good intersection between spy film and human drama. <br /> <br /> Peter Egan performs a great performance like Magnus Bem, the perfect spy for the title. By continuing the long tradition of Le Carré's powerful main characters, Bem may also be the best. Egan plays the role of Pym (which actually contains many shades of the author Le Carre) as a man forced to spend his entire life lying and sometimes betraying the circumstances and occasionally to survive as a "perfect spy". Egan plays the role of Bem as a permanent human fugitive, if not from others and then from himself. Egan alone makes six hours or so of these series worth watching from his performance alone. <br /> <br /> Surronding Egan is a fantastic support team. Ray McAnally presents one of his best performances as the father of the deceptive man of Pym's Rick who (as Le Carr said) relies heavily on the father of the author. McAnally plays a man who walks in and out of Pym's life and is responsible for becoming Pym's "perfect spy." In fact, if not for McAnally's performance a year after this in a very British coup, this would be the best performance in his very sad short career. <br /> <br /> The remaining support is also excellent. From Caroline John as Bem's mother to Alan Howard as his mentor to spy on Ruediger Wijang When a young Pem friend turned to the observer Gene Gene Poker as a wife in Pem, the amazing cast was fabulous. Particularly noteworthy are the three young actors who played the younger Pym (Jonathan Haley, Nicholas Halley and Benedict Taylor) who founded the young man who will become the man who plays a good role by Peter Egan. <br /> <br /> The production values ​​of the miniseries are strong as well. Since the amendments to Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy, and Smiley's People have proven that these stories can only be described in miniseries. Excellent sites from English sites to those scattered throughout Eastern Europe and the USA are as collections by Chris Edwards. Elmer Cossey's cinematography adds an extra layer of realism to the world of serials. However, the most important feature of the serial is the script. <br /> <br /> The screenwriter, Arthur Hopkraft, adapted the novel's hundred or so novel brilliantly. The novel was largely (at least in its early parts) a biography in the early life of Pem that echoed much of the life of John Le Carre. The script for these thumbnails is no exception because it traces the evolution of Magnus Pem from a young boy to a "perfect spy". Thumbnails never deviate from their goal of telling the exact human drama in the context of the world of espionage. If someone wants to prove that spying can be stressful without a single gunfight, fist fight, or chasing James Bond, that would be the evidence. Although matrices are six hours long, they never miss a moment but are even better for them. <br /> <br /> Although it may be overlapping for some for those who do not have very short periods of attention here you should see it. From Peter Egan and Ray McNally's performances to high production values ​​and a good narrative scenario, Perfect Perfect Spy is one of the coolest episodes you can expect to see. It is a wonderful journey in the history of the Cold War, but more than that. It is also a journey down what John Le Carrie called the "secret path": the spy way the man who must lie and betray to survive. It is not to be missed like human drama such as spy film Perfect Perfect Spy.
