Tarzan and his colleague (1934) were the only Tarzan I had not seen when I was a child. It seemed boring. Now I've seen it. I saw the Monkey Man (1932) about a hundred times and I kept a copy on my drive. it is a wonderful movie. It's almost flawless. Tarzan and his colleague (1934) however, stumble. It is not harmonious and its parts tend to live their own lives. The parts themselves are often very good and the animation sequences are fantastic. Great budget expensive. Tarzan himself participates in the tournament. Jane dominates. She has evolved into a very exciting jungle girl and tends to forget the criticism and praise vocals instead. Okay. She allowed her to be tricked by pottery that caught her and killed an elephant later on. Tarzan insists on carrying a bracelet belonging to her father. forever. It will be divided into parts the moment he goes to his business in the forest. Stupid? Later someone found her in the river. Well, it's supposed to prove that Tarzan has died. Some cheap drama. Persuades the Pottery who has a clear interest in the death of Tarzan Jin as he departed. They take their words for granted and want to be taken away (to England). It seems that stupid Jane has forgotten how difficult Tarzan is, and how difficult it is to kill him. The convoy leaves and Jane goes hand in hand. Back hole. She can easily rest the caravan for a few hours or more, pick up some things and bid farewell to the jungle and her dead husband. She can be smart. They can dive where they find the floating bracelet, and check the banks for traces. It can ignite the fire in 15 seconds and swing in Liana. Capturing the effects should not be too difficult for the Jin forest. She can talk to monkeys, and so on. If she returns to England without doing so, she will be miserable. Jane is smart but cheap drama is coming down. And why did the rapist leave before him on the ground "I blame myself as much as you are." Punishment for being a feather maybe? Nonsense. It will struggle, a powerful slap and tell Tarzan fit. still. This film is far from bad even if the excavation is many and sometimes deep. Just lie back and enjoy. It is Tarzan and Jane for God.
