108: Tarzan and his companion (1934) - issued on 4/20/1934, presented on 8/6/08. <br /> <br /> John Delinger escapes from jail and steals a bank in Iowa. Bonnie and Clyde kill two highway guards in Texas. Kings: Ralph Nader, Gloria Steinem, Alan Arkin, Richard Chamberlain. <br /> <br /> Doug: Having been somewhat disappointed with the original Tarzan Monkey, we discovered among our fellow historians and historians that the second film, "Tarzan and his companion," was the best in the series. it's the truth. I got a huge kick from this movie. Johnny Wismuller returns to the role of the supernatural hero who swings on Karma, the supernatural duel of wild animals, and Moraine O'Sullivan reclaims her role as an absolutely wonderful lady who loves Jane (who wears a two-piece costume for the first and last time here). In my assessment of "Ape Man", I beat Jin very well because of her obsession with clothes and her constant screams, but she regained herself here for me. Make no mistake: O'Sullivan is the star of this film, and Jane is the most capable character in the entire film. She works as an ambassador between Holt and Tarzan, and can ideally work in the jungle and co-exist with animals. She knows how to prevent an angry black pride when she runs out of lead. I've got her cry of the jungle now. The chemistry between Johnny and Maureen is irresistible. I've got his entire training. Chita is very charming, as it leaps out of Martin's cigarette. This plot is mostly an excuse for Tarzan to fight a battle with the wildest jungle animals, especially black, crocodile and rhinoceros. The effects, although always visible, are more dynamic and cool and complement the procedure admirably. Oh, and you can not talk about this movie without talking about the nude swimming scene. All I can say is: Yes, she is naked. Very exciting things. <br /> <br /> Kevin: Wow. Wow just. When it comes to adventure / adventure / code adventure, nothing holds a candle to "Tarzan and his colleague." The inevitable sequel to Tarzan Monkey Man is kick ass, violence and angry jungle epic. I doubt that there will be another Tarzan film in the future that does not take any prisoners the way this film does. You will be under intense pressure to find a full scene in this film that would be adopted by the code or approved for animal rights in this regard. Do not wait for the ugly acts of violence until the happy couple shows up before pushing to the limits of the current adventure movies. After entering the T & J photo, there is a lot of lap in the early morning and nude swimming ass. See for yourself if you do not believe me. I love Morin O'Sullivan above all in this film. In the first film, Jane looked like a walking contradiction, like the book at that time did not know how to imagine a character like that. But here is a great introduction to female kicking in subsequent cinema. Although they still need Tarzan's help in getting them out of most bottlenecks, they do much more than just wait for their rescue. Her character is quite popular for a woman who lived (relatively) comfortably in the forest for a year. I saw this with my mother, and I enjoyed referring to her to what extent Jane Tarzan trained, as Jeff Foxworth said. She has exactly the Monkey Man in every Beckel and call. Although there is a set of visual effects dated throughout the film, there are still a lot of Tarzan vs Predator battles that are performed (mostly) for real. So men who wear men's clothes are more persuasive this time. SPOILER ** The climax climbs as the forest erupts with a horrifying harvests of animal kingdom violence that leaves Tarzan and the only two humans still breathing. Although the couple are riding to the sunset for their reunion and triumph, I can only imagine how this story will look for the next safari you will hear about a handful of people who went to find Tarzan and Jane and never heard of them again. ** The spoiler ended ** One of the things that still bother me is my body Johnny Weissmler smooth and crinkly. Otherwise, this pre-code animation adventure should never be missed. <br /> <br /> The last film: One Night Event (1934). The following film: 20th century (1934).
