I have the whole series of Weissmuller Tarzan on DVD (fully restored versions) and I'm never tired of seeing them. My personal favorite is "Tarzan and his companion", due entirely (almost completely) to Maureen O'Sullivan's costume and the occasional flashes of her genital area beneath that outstanding leather plate in front of her. Before anyone claims that A - did not really have it, or B - did not really look like it, let me say I saw it several times, in the high zoom mode, trust me ... it's her, she's totally naked under This outfit ... several times, especially during the lion's attack in the end, will reveal the delicate watch with a slow motion and the maximum zoom it has flown except for a small piece of dark hair covering the labia. ... There is no error at all. Yes, it is a double, but it does not wear a "skin" or anything else ... Again, the slow movement and the maximal zoom shows everything to those who want to see it. Now, this argument is far from reality, let's move on to the actual film ... I think the script was well thought out and written tightly ... The work sequences were simply brilliant, although it is clear that the amazing man is riding the rhinoceros, Weissmuller wrestles with the big male lion ... The use of the back shots that were the second unit of Africa blends well with the studio and the US sites, making it difficult sometimes to determine which one. Do not complain too much, remember that 90% of all movies are fake anyway, so just relax and enjoy trivial things with a large bowl of popcorn and some cold beer and a new set of smoke ... Sexy and willing girlfriend / wife is not off line either ... Lol. Oh ... A final word about nudity ... At first, while white fishermen talk about dialogue, follow your eyes on background additions ... There are several good shots of naked African girls (clearly depicted on the scene) behind them. Something else, the film is not racist according to the standards of the 1930s to the 1960s ... This is how the colored people were portrayed and photographed at the time. Shaft had not been thinking at the time, as the masses had not accepted any other pictures of them at the time of history. Safaris actually used Aboriginal people carrying luggage on their heads ... and Tiny's character died heroically in an attempt to save the white fishermen and Jane. In fact, Hollywood did not begin to see that it was so good that John Utry did not treat Native Americans and colored people in the West like real humans.
