This stunning fantasy is the second of its kind in the Tarzan popular series flawed by MGM. It's a first-class adventure for several reasons, I suggest - good photography, strong imaginative characters, nice actors, local languages ​​with good simulated jungle, and a very exciting story. Johnny Weissmler plays Tarzan, an uneducated monolithic film unlike Edgar Rice Burroughs. But he is honest, sincere, courageous and very courageous, and must be during this novel. As Jane Parker, whose wife was Jane Porter's novels, Maureen O'Sullivan is very attractive and lively as well as being a mathematical speaker where she calls the script for this quality. The lighting effect, wide and intelligent sets is very unusual. This outdoor adventure was filmed on the MGM background that really works. The wonderful Mutir Escarpment is a far away place that allows Tarzan and Jin to live without hindrance. But in their minds, people are looking for them, and envoys from Jin's culture left behind and Tarzan could not get used to them comfortably. The first is Harry Holt, who is still in love with her, who seduces her with his friend to return to civilization with him; the dress and perfume are of interest to her, but she refuses to leave Tarzan. Tarzan must protect it from many wild animals, in scenes resembling an anthropogenic king. The group claims to want to hunt animals. Tarzan agrees with Jane to have little to do with the big game. But at some point, the idea of ​​ivory and wealth became the brains of mission chiefs. Tarzan is shot dead and left to die. The group is forced to accompany them on an exploratory journey as they follow a dying villa to the magnificent "Elephant Cemetery." But they find the area guarded by a brutal tribe and attacked by the black. Tarzan is riding a villa in time to call him; in an amazing scene full of elephants, he saves Jane and the rest of the exploratory journey, which is richer but more sane, as Jane continues to cling to her new husband. The movie was released by the Cedric Gibbons Group Design Wizard, which is also very beautiful. His work and lighting are the outstanding achievements of this exciting and exciting film, which can seem real despite the shortcomings of Hollywood from start to finish. Neil Hamilton is very good Harry, and Paul Cavanagh is better before and after he reveals himself as totally bad. Forster Harvey and Nathan Carrie took out a small team of professionals. The film is fantastically extraordinary and rightly realized with interesting positions and some strong dialogue confrontations as well. Recommended.
