Such as Tarzan Monkey Man (1932), just more. There are more everything, more animals, more diverse African tribes, and scenes that must be thought of. If this is good with three or four blacks, the forty will be better. Tarzan wrestles with crocodiles? Crocodile spinning machine in the water like a rolling pin, around and around the flapping jaw. Tarzan could kill her with his knife spread everywhere if the two pictures were blown up. Tarzan kills black and rhino and a growing number of animals. His friends are the real chimpanzee, the people who wear the costumes of the Big Monkey, and the elephants. In fact, they use Indian elephants - more friendly and trained than Africans - with their ears attached to their heads. The human story: Another white man, worse than the rest, appears to join Holt to follow ivory from the Elephant Cemetery. Tarzan will not show them the way, so the bad guy launches Villa so they can follow him up to the deathbed. Tarzan mediated, and the bad guy shoots him? But, of course, he is alive and back to save Jin. Everyone dies, Holt and the bad guy and each of the "boys". People are consumers, especially Africans, and there seems to be little discrimination among black colleagues who die because they work for white men who travel through a country of taboo and those black colleagues who kill them. This must be another Tarzan movie before you make Hayes Jane code wearing more clothes. There are a number of underwater scenes where the nude swim, and although the light shines with movement and the glimpses are very attractive. One of Weismuller's friends from the Olympic swimming team seems to have seen naked scenes, not Maureen O'Sullivan. It is, however, transmitted through the film wearing the same type of shirt as Weismuller (plus the bikini top), which offers a wonderful glimpse of the thigh and hip. They still do not need to talk too much. They sleep together and huddle with the wonderful animals and stay away from the cities. No wonder they are happy.
