This film is part of James Caen's novel, The POSTMAN ALWAYS RINGS TWICE. It is clear that the director and the producer did not bother to pay for the rights of this story - perhaps the fact that we were in the midst of fighting the Italians in World War II may explain their forgetfulness in the consideration of royalties! Despite this, the film is not just an Italian version of the Hollywood movie. In some ways much better and in other ways, it certainly is not. <br /> <br /> The three main characters in this film are really ugly people. In fact, the male and female lovers a little appearance. Male lead is somewhat natural except for his heavy hair (especially on the back and shoulders) and his lady's love is, frankly, unattractive. They are very far from Lana Turner and John Garfield in the Hollywood version. The ominous husband is really obese and likes to walk around shirtless - and his American counterpart in Cecil Kellaway is certainly the best show (and probably better than the last two Italians actually). This lack of gravitation is a preferential reason for Italian film - I could not imagine a wonderful "line" like Lana Turner in the middle of a place where I did not get married from Kellaway - I'm pretty sure she would get dozens of best deals! While, frankly, the Italian wife was not able to do anything better than making the marriage really reasonable. <br /> <br /> Part of the credibility of the Italian film comes from the frank way it deals with sex. The sterile American film tries to make you believe that even though Turner and Garfield are killed by Callaway, they have never had sex! This is very ridiculous and totally unrealistic. In addition to the unusual sex life of the film, it is also highly inappropriate to show the lively side - there are plenty of sweaty people and the flight bar hangs on the kitchen table and everyone seems to need a bath. <br /> <br /> The movie is also fast-paced compared to a long American film. What you get because of brevity is not all that good. The film lacks a lot of elegance and elegance in the American film - with grainy footage and relatively weak coordination and collections. It is certainly not a beautiful film, but the new style of realism makes the film seem more realistic. But the shortcuts in the plot can not be compensated. Many of the chart elements in the subsequent US version are either completely missing or ended. The ending looks less interesting than the American film - and misses the dilemma of the entire human nature when Turner and Garfield play each other like mice (the best part of the American film). <br /> <br /> So what's the best movie? Well, a lot of this probably depends on you. For me, the Warner Brothers movie was simply very polished and very unrealistic (although many like this style and may hate watching movies with subtitles) - but it was full of brilliant end. The Italian film was much more realistic - even the comic end that seemed too hasty. So, no movie is quite great, but I gave a nod to the Italian film being a little better. It is very bad that they could not integrate the best elements of both films into one extraordinary film.
