Ruth Snyder - The Murder of Good Gray in 1927 inspired Ogden Nash to write a Broadway play called Machinal. The most famous is that it inspired James M. Kayne writes two short novels that anyone has already reached the point where they read this review will be familiar with - Double Compensation and The Postman Always Rings twice. Both became the Noir classics of films in the 1940s, and double compensation is arguably the most appealing. Some elements of the real life of Snyder-Gray's story were captured by Kane - aging and indifference to Albert Gray, the high sex drive of Ruth, Ruth's emotional relationship and complicity in the murder and the item securing the famous double compensation. The missing elements included the fact that the actual setup was very urban Manhattan - Albert Snyder being a respected newspaper editor. The numerous failed and superfluous attempts to reach the chase were ignored. <br /> <br /> Cain's Double's compensation was filmed by Billy Wilder - let's ignore the ridiculous Stanwyck wig as one of those interesting incidents in film traditions! However, The Postman Always Rings was shot twice, while Ossessione, an Italian version and the first Luchino Visconti, was filmed, the first of three versions. Before commenting on it, I would recommend Lana Turner-John Garfield's entire 1946 release and five minutes of Jack Nicholson-Jessica Lange's 1981 release of the wonderful sexual scene at the dining table. <br /> <br /> Ossession is not as noisy as The Postman Always Rings twice. It has a powerful new realistic look which makes it a wonderful movie, but lots of basic noir elements are missing. Does not have low lighting and unconventional camera angles. The dialog box is not animated, and instead the film focuses more on the characterization. This is the longest version of the story and delves into the description. Her also has much sexier version than Lana Turner. We have a very obvious whore relationship, and Giovanna is obviously a very light trick. A new character is introduced in the story - La Spagnola - with very clear sexual references. There is also a small role, but he played a good role for the dancer that illuminates the moon as a prostitute. <br /> <br /> This is a study of the working class that is much larger than the study of crime. The public really enjoys poverty and dirt. The stray is a complete vagabond, the wife is not Lana Turner, and she may have been a prostitute before marriage. Her husband is an obscene capitalist - obese, rude and arrogant. I think the casting process was fantastic for this film. My only beef is with overlay runtime. Everything is very long and will be more effective if it is more economical. However, the lovers of Noir and Realism will certainly love Osseti, as she did.
