The launch of TARZAN THE APE MAN in 1932 caused a sensation. This may be hard to believe, 70 years later, but the film had the same effect as MATRIX or LORD OF THE RINGS, at a time when movies and radio were the main sources of entertainment. Tarzan became the instant pop icon, the "noble savagery" imagined by every woman, every man wished to be. The only person who was dissatisfied with the situation was Edgar Rice Burroughs, who, despite agreeing to MGM's creative freedoms, enjoyed his huge checks, felt the "frustrating" version of his character (with no plans to allow him to "grow" (he was unfaithful to seeing him) He would start a production company and soon make his own Tarzan movies. MGM, aware of the value of its latest "star", realized that the sequel should be more exciting than the original ... TARZAN and HIS were delivered! <br /> <br /> The film had an interesting background story. Cdric Gibbons, MGM's legendary technical director, had a commitment from the studio to direct the sequel, before the release of TARZAN THE APE MAN, despite the fact that he had never come out before (the studio was not expecting the film's impact) Movie "new" ... and wanted to keep their Oscar-winning section head happy). Gibbons, a highly talented and creative visual artist, loved the freedom of pre-Hollywood law and decided that TARZAN and HIS MATE would "pay the envelope" to the fullest ... Tarzan and Jane were adored in a naked swim, and Jane would show TOPLESS through most of the movie . In an interview with her shortly before her death in 1998, Maureen O'Sullivan said that while the double was used for swimming, she trusted the studio and did "a few days" to shoot movies without a top ... but she also became a lot of headaches trying to put Plants and fruits strategically to prevent her breasts, and the idea was abandoned (she was a movie shot in those days worth a fortune!) She did it in a nude silhouette in a tent, and ran her breasts to the conclusion of the "swim," wearing the revised "jungle" costume which was very provocative , Very thin, open on both sides ... will help yell output "create" office Hayes, and self-censorship that will swallow the whole industry soon. <br /> <br /> MGM snatched Gibbons from production (the "official" reason was the burden of working as a technical director), and veteran Jack Conway was listed as a new director, to appease critics ... Although James C. Mackay The film was already in, because Conway was busy in 3 other projects, in Cluding VIVA VILLA! <br /> <br /> The film featured the best elements of origin (safaris, killer tribes, Tarzan fighting the jungle monsters to death to save Jane), and has already improved in storytelling. Harry Holt (Neil Hamilton) returns to Africa to get ivory from the Elephant Cemetery and try to seduce Jane to return to England with gifts from silk dresses, underwear and perfumes. He brought with him Martin Arlington (Paul Cavanagh), a rocket shot and a failed woman, who was scornful of Jane's courageous pursuit of Holt and stalking her as a possible "invasion", by any means (including the killing of Tarzan, if and when he could escape punishment) Without seeing). <br /> <br /> Tarzan is barely able to sneak into a happy life with Jin, puts his foot down and refuses to let the fishermen enter the cemetery. Arlington finds his chance, picks up a monkey man alone, shoots him, and then returns to the camp with a fabricated story about his death. Now Jane has no reason to stay in the forest, and she can direct her to the cemetery, before her long trip to England, relieved of Arlington. But there is a brutal tribe and horrific torture waiting for the group ... Can Tarzan, whose family is accustomed to getting back to health, recover in time to save Jin? <br /> <br /> While stock footage is once again widely used, racist stereotypes of the 1930s are evident, gorillas are clearly represented in monkey suits, and TARZAN and HIS MATE achieve a level of sophistication unprecedented in any film "Tarzan "Another, as well as attractive even Derek Direk erotic stunts, monkey man can not touch. Johnny Wismuller was in peak condition. Physically, Maureen O'Sullivan was never more beautiful than ever, and Africa was never more romantic and dangerous. <br /> <br /> Tarzan and his teammate were a victory (although it would have been largely edited for many years), and is still a classic series, to this day!
