Well, I heard from somewhere that Ossessione is an introduction to the type of Italian film, a favorite for me, 'Giallo' ... but in fact, apart from the fact that this film was produced in Italy; two are largely unrelated. In the 1960s and 1970s, Italian filmmakers would have a good reputation for breaking every successful American film that was released. They did not do it here, but Ossion follows the same story as the "Postman Always Rings Twice" without the author James M. Cain giving much credit! In any case, the plot focuses on Gino Costa, a handsome wanderer who stumbles accidentally by a cafe in which a woman named Giovanna Bragana works. She soon learned that she was married to Giuseppe. A fat annoying man, Giovanna can not bear to touch. He wants the couple to escape together, but she is not too keen on the idea. However, the fate ends with the intervention and her plan to kill her husband is successful ... <br /> <br /> Despite the fact that the film loses some credibility due to lack of credit in the author based on his story, it must be said that the director Luciano Visconti applies The film Noir style is well, and I prefer the atmosphere of this film to some of the great American Noir classics. The story, as you would expect, is very strong and allows Visconti to withdraw good offers from his team. However, the Visconti pulls the film a little too much, and with a run time of approximately 135 minutes, I felt that the story was so thin that I did not guarantee that kind of length. I feel almost guilty for directing all these criticisms to Ossey because it's a good movie, but it's not a "great" movie. The relationship between the two main characters is never properly explored correctly, and the film seems more anxious to distract us from it than to leave it in the heads of the characters. There is not much mystery in the plot because we always know what is happening, not always focusing on the characters themselves; the film is not as interesting as it could have been. However, it makes for interesting viewing and is recommended for this reason ... although it is not as good as the 1946 version of the same James M. Classic Classic.
