With Iphigenia, Mikhali Cacoyannis may be the first film director to successfully portray the character of the ancient Greek theater on the screen. The scenario of his own film, The Compilation of the Euromed Tragedy, was not as easy as the two other films he directed. The story was carefully deconstructed from the Euromed version and placed in a logical context chronological sequence, in better alignment with modern methods of storytelling. Cakoyan also added some characters to his film that does not appear in the tragedy of Eurpedes: Odysseus, Calchas, and the army. This was done in order to clarify some of Europe's points regarding war, church and government. Finally, the end of Cepoyannis' Iphigenia ends somewhat ambiguous when compared to the Euripides. <br /> <br /> The film was shot at a location in Ulysse. Director of Photography Giorgos Arfanitis shows us the rugged and beautiful Greece, where the time of Humari seems to have remained constant. Benefiting from arid bodies, land, debris, intense light and dark. The harshness of the scene is particularly suitable for the souls of characters. The camera uses a full range of available footage, starting from a very long time, enhancing the breadth of landscapes and their devastation, as well as the human scale involved, to the closest approach, anatomy and research in the depths of the soul of the tormented characters. In particular, the opening of the film, with a bold and rapid shot along a string of beach boats, followed by an aerial view of the thousands of soldiers who lie effortlessly on the beach, is a very effective means of communicating with the great political and military Agamemnon responsibility. <br /> <br /> Only the word "sublime" can describe the amazing performances of Kosta Kazakos (Agamemnon), Irene Papas (Klementnistra) and Tatyana Babamushu (Evgenia). Casacos and Papas exemplify the classic Greek tragedy. The personality of Kazakos is very modest, and his strong gaze to the camera, more than his words, reveal an incredible torment that tears his soul. Irene Papas is the modern essence of classical Greek plays. In Epigenia, it is terrible in its pain, and more because what we know will be its revenge. Tatiana Babamusco, in her first role on the screen, is prominent in her portrayal of the innocent Eugenia, which contrasts with the strict portrayal of Kazakos to her father, Agamemnon. <br /> <br /> Cacoyannis is loyal to the Euripides in his representation of other characters: Odysseus is a polite and scheming politician, Achilles, a narcissistic barbaric warrior, Manalus centered around himself, obsessed with honor, eager to take revenge, and recover his wife and possessions. Fashion and realistic groups: No Hollywood there. Agamemnon's quarters resemble the barn, and he wears, as others do, in soft, hand-woven and simple clothes. The royal convoy of the Kultimanestra consists of rough wooden carts. <br /> <br /> The music is composed by contemporary music musician Mike Theodorekis. Theodorekis increases the drama and cinematic events that unfold, and are reflected on the psychological side of the tragedy, and increase its dimensions and reality. <br /> <br /> This film and story tells you an insight into the lost ancient world. Greek thought was the crucible of many of our modern civilization. He teaches us a lot about ourselves as individuals and as social and political creatures. Eurebids wonders about the value of war and nationalism when compared to the simple virtues of family and love, and reflects the position of weak women in a world of male violence. In dealing with the Euromed tragedy, Cakoyans re-examines all these subjects in a modern, clear and exciting way. <br /> <br /> Relationships that govern political machinations are clear: war destroys and destroys the human spirit so that the individual or group can not function normally longer. With the possible exception of Menelaus, whose honor was distorted because his wife fled with her lover, everyone else had his own motives to go to war with Troy, which had nothing to do with Helen: thirst for power (Agamemnon), greed (army, Odysseus), or glory (Achilles). Thus, in the true sense, Helen became weapons of mass destruction in the Trojan War. The war, stripped of all Homeric motives and religious punishments, was merely an imperial project, driven primarily by the desire to make material gains, all of which were an appropriate excuse. <br /> <br /> Another conflict in the film is that between church and state. Calchas, who represents the Church, feels challenged by his priestly authority and wants to destroy Agamemnon to insult the god he serves, will sacrifice his daughter. By agreeing to sacrifice, the king approaches his moral decline, but in his rejection he loses power over the masses (his army), who are brainwashed by religion. Of course, for Agamemnon, it's a game. The king must keep up with this nonsense whether he believes in the gods or not until he realizes, too late, that he has enslaved himself to commit a murder. <br /> <br /> Is it sacrifice or murder, and how can we tell the difference between the two? By focusing on the violent and primitive terror of human sacrifice - and worst of all, the sacrifice of one child - Euripides / Cakoyannis creates a simultaneous political drama and a very painful personality. It touches on a more complex and sensitive ethical problem facing any society: the terrible conflict between the needs of the individual versus the needs of society. In the case of Epigenia, as in the story of Abraham and Isaac the Torah, the father is asked to kill his son with his hand. What kind of God will insist on this payment? Can it be just or moral, even if it is inspired? Finally, does the death of the sacrifice differ from the death of all sons and daughters who are sent to war? These are many of the deep questions posed by a two-hour film.
