When people hear about a drama dating back to the 1940s, they seem to create a distance from the irony that claims to force another tear, with wonderful stars at the top of the sad, tragic roles. This view, however, does not resemble the films of Neorealist, especially this produced by Count Luchino Visconti. OSSESSIONE also had its first censored debut once again and cherish almost a realistic masterpiece still loved by some people and strongly criticized by others. The contradictory views of the film that emerged in these 65 years seem to have been caused by the content of the film itself, and have been exceptionally controversial in modern times as well as in the past. At the same time, while it was based on James M.'s novel. Kane, the pastman has always gone twice, but it is one of the most real changes on the screen where the director remains his style and vision and his own art. I have seen the film twice and the second view has led to a very detailed analysis part that I want to list below. <br /> <br /> First, Visconti seems to touch all the psychology and actions people might take. In life, especially those absorbed by desire. These people make such tragic decisions despite the terrible consequences they must face. Gino (Massimo Geroti) A passenger carrying "shoulder bears" appears at a crossroads near Ferrara and enters the bar. Although many people go there for a meal, the Gino happens to get something much more: the impeccable desire Giovanna (Clara Kalamay) is already married to an old man who runs the bar, Mr. Giuseppe Bragana (Juan de Landa. Her body and song have his own mind and from the very first moment of love, the couple plan to get rid of the old obstacle and build a new life together ... However, there are people associated with wrong actions in the face of desire? Can one build love over murder? What is love and what is loyalty? Does desire lead to serious addiction or even mania? Such questions arise intensively while watching the film, when the viewer is given an insight into the characters. "We have to love each other affectionately," Giovanna says, seemingly responding to a cure for all the conscience that cries, but may love who wants to justify everything and treat it? "Is not that what we wanted?" Therefore, the content of the film seems very dangerous if not analyzed intelligently and heartily. Still, thinking is constantly provocative. <br /> <br /> Secondly, OSSESSIONE has a very strong point that speaks to modern viewers: great moments and great cinematic photography, combined with unforgettable sequences and visual power. This makes the modern viewer realize that the film, which was produced about 70 years ago, was very fun to watch. They range from delicious erotic images to purely artistic shots. Who can skip that moment in Ferrara where Gino meets a pretty girl, a kind of "Ragheva Pervita" (a perfect girl), anita dancer and buys her own ice cream. His desires show him a completely different direction ... Are viewers still indifferent to the first meeting of Gino-Giovanna? The first focus of the camera is on the legs of Giovanna, which appears to be the physical desire for love experienced by Gino. The marvel of shooting is Guino and Giovanna who leave the interrogation room and close to their shadows that direct our attention towards their suspicious appearance. <br /> <br /> Thirdly, OSSESSIONE can boast of great performances from both prominent couples as well as cast support. Massimo Geroti once said in an interview that the work in this film was one of the most difficult jobs he has ever performed; yet, therefore, what comes out is flawless acting. It depicts a bisexual man torn apart by desires that commit a crime but can not bear any of the things that his victim, who represents conscience, bears. The duo is referred to by the character of Le Spaniolo (Elio Marcuzzo) whom he met in very surprising circumstances on the Ancona train. Clara Kalamay, who was represented in the role after the prominent Anna Magnani refused, plays the role well and claims that there is real chemistry between the couple. Both are very convincing. In addition, I liked Juan de Lange in the role of Bragana: he depicts an old husband who is not affectionate to his wife and is still mad at fine art. In some of his most intelligent moments, he asks his wife to wash his back or walk the empty streets singing his favorite opera songs after a kind of karaoke performance. <br /> <br /> In short, as new viewers who are able to monetize, we must look at this film very objectively. It is certainly an art thanks to the above aspects. It is a powerful story in addition to the controversy it carries; yet, is it instructional? Viscounti Fellini, who said he had no message of humanity. In such a case, his films will only enjoy (which of course is not the whole Fellini style). Visconti was always something to convey. What did he want to say here? Is the film against marriage bad? Or is it against the wrong deeds of people who are sucked by desire? The last shocking moments say about itself. Although you do not have to agree with vision, the OSSESSIONE is already a fantastic real-life film, one of the best films Visconti 8/10
