The audience is likely to watch a movie like Ossession today and will not really think about an unprecedented range during its appearance. The structure of the film really separates from the happy Hollywood conferences, as well as other major theatrical elements. Depends more on portraying reality in a very dark and sober light. Films of this nature - new realism films - were produced to reflect the darkness that I felt during the post-World War II period. Ossessione addresses some rather provocative issues that may not have been visible on the screen before the war, including: adultery, conspiracy, murder, pregnancy, etc. Apart from one shot shot and some moments of musical swelling, the aesthetic film is very rough and courageous: it was filmed on site, uses natural lighting and most likely non-popular actors. All these elements helped to convey the issues explored in the film, resulting in the following theme: The negative consequences of Karmic will pursue those who act in an unethical manner. <br /> <br /> Both lead? Gino and Giovanna? However, both have a mentality: we are bored and we want to be happy. Gino is lost. The only traveler who embraces life and its constant vicissitudes. Giovanna is a bored housewife who has been raised in a familiar way in their permanent marriage: she does not want to leave her home and her husband, but she prefers to stay where she is because she is safer. The lifestyle of Gino is the ideal lifestyle Giovanna craves; the only difference is that she is too afraid to live on her own? That's why she falls in love with Gino: he represents everything she wants but does not have the courage to get it. She wants to live in a world free of the monotony of life with her greedy husband? Gino is the best ticket in this world. The relationship between two of the masses probably left in the 1940s somewhat uneasy. I mean, movies before the age of new realism never showed such blatant behavior on the screen before. At the very least, it may have been a bit disturbing. <br /> <br /> In conjunction with the theme, the new style of realism helps to show the negative consequences of adulterous behavior. In short, adultery behavior (as shown in the film) leads to the frustration of a mortal life and ultimately. When Geno and Giovanna conspire with each other to "wipe out" Giovanna's husband, the vine comes to chase them like a plague after the act is done. They return to their homes: the atmosphere is dark and biting (as can be expected from the new style of realism). They are not happy; they are actually more depressed. They thought that by eliminating Giovanna's husband they would live a happier life, but they were deceived. The film ends with the death of Giovanna? It is in the form of a caricature resembling the death of her husband. I think this is a very satisfactory end for several reasons. Here's why. <br /> <br /> There is a lot of talk about whether evil should be portrayed on the screen or not, and if so, to what extent. I believe that portraying evil is absolutely necessary if and only if evil is not glorified, but shows the negative effects of evil deeds. As the subtext asks for the age, does adultery and evil kill? I think the film responds with impatience Yes! The adulterous behavior between the two reveals the extent of unhappiness. Ironically, at the end of the film, when they seem to have recovered from their depression and seen wearing each other's arms inside the car, the film's author shows that their happiness is actually a facade: the car crashes off the precipice and into the river, killing Giovanna. Police arrest Gino. I think it was the intention of the author to say that although people sometimes try to justify their immoral behavior, Karma will eventually come back to haunt them. I agree. I think the two got what they would have come because they were incredibly selfish - they always wanted instant gratification and were not prepared to endure in difficult times. This is especially evident after the first sign of the difficulty that Gino and Giovanna faced in their relationship: he can not cope with the pressure of living under Giovanna's husband, so he leaves Giovanna and sleeps with another girl. This is the case for an interesting and sympathetic personality. <br /> <br /> In general, the film seemed to be risky in its time. But the audience was ready to watch this film because of the wariness that the war brought. Those films that were lucky before the war no longer believe. Cinema fans were willing to see and study difficult films with complex characters: they wanted to see characters whose lives were intertwined with so-called "sin" because they were a reflection of the problems of their own lives. So Ossession is a great incentive for the future of the film. That is to say that many of the pieces of nature we see today have been affected by the movement of new real-life films.
