Watching "Ossession" today - more than 6 decades ago - is a powerful experience, especially for those interested in the history of cinema, and more specifically about how Italian filmmakers change movies forever (almost from "Ossessione" and De Sica "I Bambini Ci "Guardano", both in 1943, after 20 years with Fellini, Antonioni and Pasolini.) Visconti creates an impressive collection of direct directing, taking the "Not-approved" plot of "The Postman Always Rings Twice" as a guide to develop his own themes. <br /> <br /> It draws our attention even today how its time was preceded by the "Ossession" was shot in Fascist Italy during World War II (P It depicts the scenes and subjects that immediately banned the movie from the theaters - and the fact that he used a famous American novel plot and did not pay any publishing rights. <br /> <br /> "Ossessione" (Gianno) Massimo Gerotti, who precedes Brando Kowalski in "A Streetcar Named Desire" ("The Streetcar Named Desire"), ) Giovanna (Clara Kalamay), a married woman, takes to bed after just 5 minutes of meeting. We see Kalamay's vague hints about her undisclosed and subtle sexual insinuations between Gino and Spaniolo (Elio Marcuzzo - a very attractive actor, no different from Pierre Clemente, whom the Nazis had shot in 1945, years ago). In a few words: sex, lust, greed and poverty, as relentlessly as it was rarely, ever before, in Italian cinema. <br /> <br /> All versions of "Ossession" were destroyed shortly after its opening - it was called a scandal and immoral.Visconti managed to save a hard copy, and when the film was reissued after the war, most critics described it as the movement's first candidate The new realists, before "Roma CIttà Aperta" for Rossellini and "Sciuscià" in Rosica. Some other critics, perhaps more aptly, considered "Ossessione" as an Italian counterpart to the "poetic realism" of French cinema (remember that Visconti was assistant to Renoir) "Quai des Brumes", "Jour se Lève", and "Pépé le Moko". <br /> <br /> Although the word "Ossession" may be new in its visual language The life of paesan in wartime in Italy with its popular antagonism, poverty, child labor, prostitution, homeless people, crooks, etc.), the characters and subjects were certainly certainly Viscontian.was always more concerned with the tragic, emotional, manic and greedy characters in social / political / sexual apartheid , In the decline of elites more than the characters and topics of "daily life" realism, favored by Desica and Rosellini. In "Ossessioni", we find elements of drama and tragedy that were later developed in many of his films, especially "Senso" ("Visco") and "Rocco e Suoi Fratelli" ... even in most of his films "Neo" The real movie "La Terra Trema", makes the fishermen rise from everyday characters to legendary characters. <br /> <br /> "Ossession" is a good opportunity to confirm the theory of adult artists who approaches the business approach of business and analyzes and develops certain topics and interests repeatedly, from first to last, regardless of whether the scene or background or time setting may change - Visconti may play by frame but themes and the essence of his art, well, repeated with great concern. "Ossessione" should not be missed: You will certainly enjoy this pioneering and powerful film.
