The first feature of Viscounty, Ossessione, is a compilation by James Main entitled The Postman Always Rings Twice. Now, I'm not familiar with this book or other film releases, but I'm very much in love with Cain's Double Indemnity (much more than Billy Wilder, actually). The two versions seem to be very similar. Both involve an illicit affair where a predatory wife complains to a morally weak man that her husband is worthless and cares. Giovanna, the woman in this Italian version, played very well by Clara Kalamay, is not as wicked as the wife in double compensation, but she seems very pampered. Her husband (a wonderful show by Juan de Landa) is a little harsh on her, but she amazes me as if she were at least tolerant with him. It is older than it and unattractive, so it is rather volatile. When Gino, a muscular young man, appears, it takes about five minutes to bring him to bed. She sweats and wants to be with him forever, but she is stuck with her husband. They are separated at first, but when they meet again, they (apparently unintentionally vague) are planning to kill the husband. They are successful, and go back to the woman's hometown to run the tape owned by her husband. Gino is not too excited about this idea. He wants Giovanna, but the only thing he definitely does not want is to sit in one place for the rest of his life. Their relationship collapses quickly. Ossessione is a very complicated film with complex characters. It's always wonderful, but it lasts for a very long time. In two hours and twenty-two minutes, I can not, throughout my life, discover how long this took! Partly because of the modern methods that Viscounty invented in this film. It was, after all, the first film to win that label. We see a lot of work at length because it will be in real life, without accelerating the next graphic point. I have seen many Visconti films, and the only one I liked more than this is Rocco Bro (1960). Its direction is as gorgeous as ever, with its camera moving brilliantly and perfect editing. I also feel the need to point to the best performance of the film, by Dia Cristiani as a young dancer and a part-time prostitute called Anita who meets Gino after the attempt to secede from Giovanna. They are only in the film for five or six minutes and have only a few lines. It is shocking that Viscounty and Christian can do this in such a short time. It's very tragic. 10/09.
