Ossessione, loosely quoted (or if it is loose or close to the version I saw in James M. Cain, The Postman Always Rings Twice with Jack Nicholson and Jessica Lange I can be sure) by Luchino Visconti, is less distinctive with mis -en-scene, music (both diegetic and non-diegetic), and acting. I did not know what I expected Visconti to do in his approach to the material, after I saw La Terra Trema and sometimes I saw his political motives dwindle a bit. But this is a completely personal and emotional drama, bordering on melodrama (yet, without less complicated conventions), and with the style of the finest motion of the emerging film Noir, Visconti creates a first-time appearance like any new reality film. The new realism, by the way, can be rightly claimed because this is the grandfather (along with the children who watch us from de Sica), which will be formed after the war. Although love and romance play here more than some of the most famous realism efforts, they are dealt with in a narrative way, and are associated with other familiar themes of new realism (the lower layer, death), despair. <br /> <br /> Regardless of the story, which is simply as described in this site, the technique by which Visconti captures images, then assembles them with objects (shawl over the Gino Costa profile when in sin), the shadows And dark that tend to overcome many subsequent scenes in the film (usually above Jian and Giovanna), and the feeling of Italian streets in many foreign scenes. Domenico Scala and Aldo Tunti (who will see some Rossellini and Fellini movies) help imagine the appearance of Ossession, who usually moves on a character, then pauses to read as much emotion on their faces as their voices and behaviors are beautiful, ugly, sad, dark and romantic. I think I've just scratched the surface over the effectiveness that the film itself was pushing me forward, even if I was afraid of the future of the show. The two leaders (Massimo Geroti and Clara Kalamay) portray all the strong, honest and closest feelings to the opera, and the main supporting actors are also without their features. <br /> <br /> It is a wonderful and charming adaptation, and indicates that it is a milestone for what will come to Viscounty in his career.
