There, I was sitting alone in my apartment on a Saturday night with the option of watching CITIZEN X or the European Song Contest, and for Americans who read this I will explain that TESC is an annual event where musicians from countries across Europe and Asia Minor have a song contest. At the end of the contest, countries vote for the best song. It's a less exciting competition than it seems, and it may not be a shock when I say singing and writing songs are not Lennon and McCartney. I must correct something in the first sentence of this review because the word "choice" is misleading because I was a music lover I did not watch TESC under any circumstances. <br /> <br /> So I sat down as the credits traded for CITIZEN X expect a series of serial killer mill whodunnit, but I will mislead everyone called it. It is clear during the first ten minutes of CITIZEN X whodunnit. What the film does is to point to the failures of communism: "A serial killer, this is the Soviet Union, serial killers can only be found in collapsed imperial capitalist systems." This comic attitude goes beyond denial, there is a scene where there is a secret policeman sitting in a frozen train station watching potential suspects wearing a police jacket because he is the only warm coat he gets! Of course, all suspects who are members of the Communist Party are released without questioning, which will affect the final death toll. All this was done very well as we showed that the system of communist parties is under trial, but about two-thirds of the way through CITIZEN X we find ourselves in 1990 as communism is in its final stages and reforms have been carried out in police investigations. . At this stage the film becomes somewhat uninterested because of the lack of political subtext and the film is reduced to a medium-sized chase film. It is strange that a few years ago I read something written by the famous crime scientist, Colin Wilson, in which he said, "I do not want to be bothered by you. Something like the killers of the hackers calling themselves dead to become the focus of attention on the media, and I found myself sympathetic to the party leaders who deny that there may be a serial killer in the Soviet Union. After all the media controlled by the party and anyone old enough to listen to Moscow Radio or read the English translations of Pravda will know that the Soviet Union only reported news stories such as potato harvest and coal production and thanks letters from Afghanistan, Cuba and others for Soviet assistance. The concept of becoming a serial killer in the communist system is illogical. But I think that if a tree falls in a remote Siberian forest, it will make a sound even though there is no one to hear it.
