I remember the follow-up of the case of André Chickatio in the newspapers while I was living in South Africa. They had pictures of him sitting in his cage during his trial. Not, as it turned out, to protect members of the court, but to protect him from the public. This was wonderful, though obsessed, read. I later heard that a film was produced by HBO about the case, but it was produced for American television. Bummed! Curiously, CITIZEN X had a limited cinematic version in South Africa. I paid to the local Ster Kinekor complex and bought a ticket duly (I was alone; my friend at the time was only interested in STEEL MAGNOLIAS and FRIED GREEN TOMATOES). Wonderful! What a wonderful movie. Why are not they released to a wider audience? If they were not dedicated to television, they would have won an Oscar nomination or 2. There is no way to spoil the end; the killer is never saved from the public. Jeffrey Damon depicts a truly terrifying psychological picture. He is quiet, frustrated, and considered a failure by his wife and is constantly ridiculed and humiliated by his superiors at work. By committing these terrible acts, he feels strong and strong. <br /> <br /> The fight to catch up against all odds is a pathologist, played by Steven Rhea, in one of his most powerful performances. He must fight the speed of Russian bureaucracy, the primitive resources available to him, and above all his superiors refuse to admit that the Soviet Union has a serial killer. The responsible general (Jos Akland) says the infiltrators are "a Western phenomenon that is decadent." Only Donald Sutherland is ready to help, but you should be helping him under the counter. Max Von Siddo, a constantly evolving Russian psychologist who breaks the protocol, decides to help investigators search. This is the first time in Russian history that deflation is being used to build a profile for a serial killer still in a loose position, and he has everything to lose if his involvement is announced. <br /> <br /> CITIZEN X is brilliantly acted out, well written and music editing only add to the tension and theme of the film. The outstanding support from Imelda Staunton is badly unwanted and the real sense of imminent frustration makes CITIZEN X a movie worth watching. This was very good for TV
