Blood Castle (also known as Scream of the Demon Lover, Altar of Blood, Ivana - the best and least cinematic film, etc.) is a very traditional Gothic romantic film. This means that it contains large castles, creepy, arduous young, mysterious old man, hints of horror and supernatural elements, and romance in the contemporary sense of the genre term. This also means that the film is going very deliberately, and that the film will work better for horror broadcasters who are very impressed. If you like films like Robert Wise's The Haunting (1963), but you also enjoy Spanish and Italian horror in the late 1960s / early 70s, you may love the Castle of Blood, too. <br /> <br /> Baron Janos Dalmar (Carlos Quincy) lives in a large castle on the outskirts of a traditional European village undefined. The locals fear that the myth is that whenever a woman has a bed, after a short period of time she ends up dying - the consensus is that he puts his fierce dogs on them. This is a big problem because the Baron has a healthy appetite for women. At the beginning of the film, another woman died and mutilated. <br /> <br /> At the same time, Dr. Ivana Rakowski (Irna Shorer) appeared in the center of the village, where she asked to be transferred to Barron Delmar Castle. It is from outside the city that was appointed by the Baron for her experience in the field of chemistry. Of course, no one wants to approach the castle. Finally, Ivana finds a shadowy person (becomes more shadowy) to move. As soon as she gets there, Olga (Cristiana Gallone) refuses to see a strange woman living in the castle. Evana refuses and says she should not be there because she is a woman. Baron Dalmar swings around whether she should stay. It ends up staying, but somewhat reluctantly. He was hired by the Baron to try to reverse the severe burns suffered by Baron Igor's brother. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, it seems that the Baron's brother is just a mass of decomposed meat in an exotic VAT, a liquefied liquid. Moreover, Ivana faces strange hallucinatory dreams. Just what is going on in the castle? Is the Baron responsible for the crimes? is he crazy? <br /> <br /> I wanted to love the castle of blood more than I liked. As I mentioned, the film is very deliberate at its inception, and most of it is very few. I can go in both cases on materials like this. I do not care about The Haunting (yes, I'm in a very small minority there), but I'm a big fan of European horror in the 1960s and 1970s. One of my favorite directors is Mario Bava. I also loved the work of Dario Argento from that period. But sometimes, the castle of blood moved too slowly for me sometimes. There are large pieces that live up to very interesting scenes to talk alternately with scenes of Ivana going slowly in the corridors of the castle. <br /> <br /> But the atmosphere of the film is appropriate. Director Jose Luis Merino managed more than acceptable collections and sites, and they were well shot by Emmanuel de Cola. Still, Blood Castle feels a relatively low budget, and this is a Roger Corman film, after all (which usually means a low budget, although it is often surprisingly "fast" of high quality). So, while there is a hint of flashing Bava colors and complex decorations, everything is very simple. Of course, it does not help to look like a Retromedia print that I saw as a 30-year-old picture left in the sun for a very long time. Seems to be "neglected" with very different. <br /> <br /> However, Merino and DeCola sometimes do great photos. For example, the scene of Ivana walks in a darkened lobby that was photographed from an exaggerated angle, and where an important plot element is detected through the shadows on the wall only. There are also footage from Ingmar Bergmanesque, where actors are superbly banned from complex relationships, along with being visually attractive and drawing your attention to the frame. <br /> <br /> The performances are fairly good, and the women - especially the Schürer - are very attractive. Merino takes advantage of this fact by incorporating a great deal of nudity. Schürer continued to produce a number of films that contained a lot of soft pornographic films as in other species, with titles in English such as Sex Life in a Woman's Prison (1974), Naked and Lustful (1974), Strip Nude for Your Killer (1975) ) And the dramatic exploits of a sexy saga (1977). The castle of blood is a great tamer, but in addition to nudity, there are still moderate scenes suggestive of rape, slavery, and of course scenes that mix sex and death. <br /> <br /> Perhaps the main attraction here, though, is the story, which is pretty much a slow love story like nothing else. Elements of horror, mysterious elements, and somewhat unexpected evolution near the end are rewards, but in the end, Blood Castle is considered a love story, overcoming a couple and overcoming various difficulties and contradictions (often with physical threats or damage) to be together.
