What Makes For The Best Photo Materials? The Oscars have come to many of the sticks to reward for the overgrown glasses of old age and to ignore the "authors" who will be deceived in the coming decades. It was not because Hollywood was against art or creativity. The Oscars are the choices made by the industry itself, and for this reason, at least in the classical era, they tended to reward the greatest forms of collaboration, and the most creative meetings. <br /> <br /> The Arthur The Freed unit at MGM has been linked to the Oscar-winning glory for years now; it was only a matter of time before Fred, with the help of his most powerful director Vincent Menelli and some of the best Business, Best Film. Freed has done a lot more to elevate the music than anyone else, drawing pictures that would have woven the story and songs together without losing the dynamic scene of the musicians of the 1930s. The point of the edited musicals is that lyrics, unlike the words of Hammerstein or Lerner, do not have to tell or relate to stories. What is important is that the tone and presentation of the song fits the structure of the film. <br /> <br /> An American in Paris was the first of three songs to be released from the music (the other two sings in The Rain and The Band Wagon), which took the current classic figures from their original context and made them work in an unrelated story. Words do not suit the plot, but the routine fits the width. So, when Gene Kelly has a rhythm, he has not had a girl yet, but the way French kids join is a big part of the characterization, and the optimistic melody and dance give the film the little elevator needs at this stage. An American in Paris also uses the rules that are allowed in this genre to add a few unimaginable unconventional flights to the story, such as the dances series that accompany Leslie Karon's character. <br /> <br /> What is the best manager for this project from Minnie, a painter and pianist? At this time, there was no one who felt better at Technicolor. While some directors fill each scene with one color or fill the screen with similar shades, Minnelli's color schemes are tightly controlled but never enforced. In the opening scenes, the tones are rather chunky, but they are not suppressed, especially the red. During the meeting of Oscar Levant and George Guquetis at the cafe, some of the most vibrant shadows were introduced. Then, during the first musical number, "by Strauss" Menelli gradually brings red spots? Table cloth, a bunch of roses? So dominate in the end, as if the song woke up on the image color scheme. For most songs, colors are intricately designed like people. However, in some numbers, such as "Tra-la-la", shadows retain as they are and instead opens the space with the song swell and characters become more lively. <br /> <br /> The Achilles heel of the American in Paris is her story. Personally, I find the romantic angle particularly unpopular. Like Hala, I end up with the malicious love stories of the 1930s; the powerful despotic woman is rejected while the sensitive and friendly girl is harassed in love with the hero. Even if you do not mind it, it is difficult to communicate emotionally with the story because it is constantly obscured by songs and dances. Compare this to Singin 'in the Rain, which does not really contain many great routines or memorable gaming groups like an American in Paris, but has a winning story. Singin 'in the Rain was overlooked at the 1952 Oscars, but is a classic of the genre today. But I think people sometimes forget that cinema is a comprehensive form of visual entertainment, not just a way to tell a story. American in Paris is not deep, attractive or annoying, but like a certain image of DeMille won the first prize the following year, it certainly is a wonderful show.
