The stunning 19-minute orchestration of George Hershwin's 1928 "American in Paris" is an indisputable masterpiece. Designed by Jean Kelly, a meticulously designed and unmatched combination of Jean Kelly, a vibrant mix of colors, music and dance, the Kelly Kelly collection was designed to be inspired by two key artists - Duffy at the opening of Place de la Concorde, Flowers, Otrelo on a Paris street, Rousseau at the show, Vincent Van Gogh in the stunning Place de l'Opera, and Toulouse Lautrec to Moulin Rouge where Kelly wears his famous white clothes. The 97 minutes before this finals are not exciting, and are not a long shot, but there is some magic to be seen in the entire Oscar winning performance of 1951. <br /> <br /> Director Vincent Menelli and screenwriter Alan Jay Lerner designed a romantic story Surprisingly sophisticated, if the romance story is fairly mild focused on Jerry Mulligan, the former GI who stayed in Paris after the end of World War II in an attempt to earn a living as a painter. Through his energetic style and his style of sports dance, Kelly's gene can be simultaneously synergistic and irritating as a screen personality, but he seems to find his prophet like Jerry. The Love Triangle focuses on Jerry's involvement with Melo Roberts, a self-proclaimed artistic patron but a sexual predator when it comes to young artists. In their first history at the bustling nightclub Montmartre, Jerry is unusually like Lise, a young woman who turns out to be Henry's fiancé, the entertainer and friend pal pal in Jerry, Adam, the pianist out of work. This entails romantic complications until the inevitable end but not before many of the classic Gershwin songs are performed. <br /> <br /> The best of these songs is the most traditional - an exciting romantic song and dance on "Our Love Is Here to Stay" along the Fu Foo River in a misty blue haze with yellow fog lights. The Kelly and Leslie Caron method are initially intertwined, initially converging at first and synchronizing with the music leading to the finale. Some films elegantly and briefly show two people falling in love. The highlight of "I Got Rhythm" and "S'Wonderful" on Kelly, which is an adult tap dance and acceptable vocals, while Karon danced impressively by Karun in a montage of five scenes from Henry's comprehensive description of Lise to Adam. The sequence is designed to demonstrate the ingenuity of dancing in Karon, which is similar to the sequence in "The City" where Vera-Ellen showed her dance skills when a sailor named Kelly described his multi-faceted vision of Miss Turnpike. <br /> <br /> As Liz, 19-year-old Caron (in her first film) dances superbly all over her and takes on an unrivaled charm with her acting talent not to bloom for years. Nina Fuchs is very glamorous, playing an older role in Melo's manipulative role, being able to be loved enough to care for her own destiny, while Oscar Levant is just his sarcastic character like Adam. George Gitarrie performs a neat performance "I'll build a stairway to heaven" and Henry plays with such satisfaction that you feel so upset that he eventually loses the girl. This is not the best MGM music overall, but there is certainly enough movie charm to make it worth it. The DVD in 2000 is fairly original, but there are few additions.
