(1982) Starring Michael Cotter, Armin Jordan, Robert Lloyd, Martin Speer, Edith Klever, Aaj Haughland, and Rainer Goldberg, Yvonne Minton, Wolfgang Schon and Hans Jürgen Seperberg. <br /> <br /> Straight outside the German school of film, the genre that favored tons of symbolic and surrealism Ingmar Bergmanisk, this 1982 film of Wagner's final masterpiece - Parsifal, was written to coincide with Good Friday / Easter and the establishment of the Bayreuth Opera House. This film follows the musical result and the plot accurately but the way it was filmed and its performance bold and avant-garde and does not take the crown of the crown in his cinematic film strange. Syberberg is famous for its controversial films. Before this film, he had published films about Hitler, Nazism, Richard Wagner and his anti-Semitic personal biography of Winfried Wagner, one of his daughters. This film is perhaps disturbing in many aspects. Parsival (sung by Rainer Goldberg but acted by Michael Cotter) is mentioned throughout the first part of the film, and then, after the charm of Kiss Kundry, turns into a female. This gender-sensitive element presents the feminine / masculine / Ying-Yang nature of the quest for the Holy Grail, which serves all mankind and is restored by the blood of Christ. In the castle of the pagan witch Klanger, there are pictures of famous figures such as Hitler, Nietzsche, Kozima Wagner and the mistress of Wagner Matilde and Visendok. Swazitika flag hanging outside the castle. Parsival trips to the 19th and 20th century throughout the film. Flower rollers seductive in nude. Kundry is portrayed as a kind of beautiful or corrupt Magdalene Marie or Eve of Genesis (played by Edith Cleaver but sings beautifully by Mezzo Soprano and Yvonne Minton). In the end, this film is dedicated to lovers of this kind of German / alien exotic tradition and intellectuals who appreciate the symbolic, history and lovers of the Wagner opera. In fact, singing is great and convincing. Parsifal by Rainer Goldberg is a concentrated and intense voice but lacks the depth and grandeur of the greatest Parsifals at the stage - James King Wolfgang Windgassen, Rene Colo and Placido Domingo. Yvone Minton is a Kundry with sensual, dramatic and erotic sounds, deepening in her tormented state. While the production is certainly funky and unable to get it from the Wagnerian (the Wagner concept can be a ceremonial Christian delight with grails, spears, castles, cavalry and injured kings, dark magician, dark turns to light, etc. Wagnerian features Typical). . It is still an interesting film about art.
