It is a wonderful movie to watch or show young people. Apart from a very brief nude scene, it gives an interesting glimpse into colonial rule in Africa that is rarely found in other films. It bears a superficial resemblance to "outside Africa", but without all the romantic fuzz. The French French people in Cameroon are amazing because they do not seem to consider indigenous peoples as people. Eggs are all presidents and expect black slavery without question. However, unlike real servants, you only hear once whites say "thank you" and there is no other consideration for these people. Again and again, it seems like pets or slaves, because people's feelings are never considered. <br /> <br /> The main illustration of this reckless is the relationship between the mother, Amy and her servant, Protea. Although they spend a long time sometimes and naturally begin to feel sexual feelings towards each other, the white woman never thought of Protée or his feelings. A good example of this reckless is when Protée wears her clothes and is obviously very frustrated by this. Apart from this relationship, while almost all whites are completely oblivious to the fact that Africans are people, few of them go to verbal abuse and treat them like garbage. Between Protée and the little girl (who grew up at the beginning and end of the film). While they are very close, it sometimes resembles toys or pets and the girl never plays indigenous children. <br /> <br /> A strange white figure sometimes looks like the blacks are best considered unfortunately his character is inconsistent and very confusing. At one point he does a hard job alongside the blacks or eats with them (something that the other eggs never did) and the next day tries to beat Protée! I can only guess what he paid - maybe it was just a jerk, or he was insane or maybe he was a Communist instigator trying to raise blacks against whites (who knows!). In fact, unlike some good scenes, this character seems largely lost. <br /> <br /> While I truly enjoyed the insight of this film, I wish it had more than just a few excerpts from this world through the child's perspective during one small period of her life. The context and what happened to rid the country of colonization never took place and the film left me a greater desire. The film began in the early 1980s (because it was wearing a Walkman headphone). When the film came back in time, it appeared to have been appointed around 1960 (more or less), but no mention was made of the 1950s of violence or anti-colonialism Colonization of the nation in the early 1960s. I think some of these ambiguities may have been that the filmmakers had been ruined and started early in the film (like the 1970s) and made the lady rethink her life there in the early 1950s - before the country experienced political change. <br /> <br /> Regardless of the missing context and confusion over time periods, the use of an introduction and a conclusion that showed her as an adult traveler country was a good idea. I also appreciate the end, so I was pleasantly surprised when I met the gentle guy who gave her a ride. But in general, there seems to be something missing - there is no kind of precision or message except to show that colonialism is ruthless and cruel.
