I did not know anything at all about Chocolat before I saw it. I did not know anything about the story, the film or the director or anything about the film's history. All I know is that it was a famous French film. If I knew more, I might not have seen the picture with an open mind. On paper, the assumption does not seem interesting to me. If I knew what chocolate was about early, my interest in watching would be limited. However, it helped me not knowing the story to enjoy it. All the while, I had no idea where the story would go, what the characters would do, and what the final result would be. It was, if nothing else, not a predictable film. In fact, it could have been narrated as the story in the memories of the past. The story is often recounted in the memories of the past as a risky step by filmmakers. Since the main character appears at present, the public knows it will survive. Using Flashback, director Claire Denis can ensure that the girl turns into adulthood without any serious physical harm, giving the viewer a sense that Chocolat's story is a story of feelings more than it is abroad. A less important filmmaker would give France a face-to-face look, screaming from an awkward and unusual childhood. Instead, Dennis presents France as a pretty girl, someone who looks beautiful from the outside. <br /> <br /> It can be said that Chocolat revolves around the mother of France because it gives much longer screen time, although I think it is about France in the end. For me, what chocolate really revolves around is how the mother's actions affect her daughter. It is about how parents' behavior will stay with their offspring. France is not devastated by her mother's actions in the story, but her mother's actions have had a clear impact on France. If France were not at all affected by her mother's actions, the flashback side would be irrelevant. <br /> <br /> For a two-time, past and present film, Chocolat was a very good pace, and there was no scene of excess fat. None of the scenes felt unjustified or out of place. The film had a wonderful rhythm, crisp editing, leaving only what was necessary to tell the story. Chocolat is one of the best French stories I've ever seen, with a good story, strong editing and organized guidance. He was responsible for launching the career of Claire Dennis and for good reason: it's a great start for the director.
