Claire Dennis is a chocolatier in Cameroon in West Africa in the 1950s, a beautifully photographed and emotionally emotional poem depicting the effects of colonialism on a young family during the last years of French rule. This theme is similar to "there is no other place in Africa", although films vary widely in scope and focus. The film is from the perspective of an adult who returns to his childhood home in a foreign country. She remembers her childhood when her father (Francois Clozet) was a government official in Cameroon and had an intimate friendship with the courageous maid, Protea (Isaac de Bancoli). But the heart of the film revolves around the mother of France Emmy (Julia Buschi) and her relationship to love / hate with Protea, who suffer from undeclared sexual tension. <br /> <br /> The family is divided into public and private spaces. The white family rooms are private and out of the ordinary except for Protée, who works at home while staff are forced to eat and shower outdoors, exposing their bare bronze bodies to the white family's looks. It becomes clear when her husband Mark (Francois Clozet) is away from work that Amy and Protea are sexually attracted to each other but the rules of society prevent him from publicly recognizing him. In one novel sequence, she invites him to her bedroom to help her dress up and stare at each other's image in the mirror with a challenging longing in their eyes, knowing that any interaction is taboo. <br /> <br /> Young France (Cecil Ducas) also makes a link with the maid, feeding him from her bowl while explaining how to eat the crushed ants and carry them on his shoulders to walk under the night sky. Despite their bond, the true nature of their maid's relationship is obvious when France asks Protée to interrupt his conversation with a teacher and take her immediately to the house, when Protée stands beside her at the dinner table, waiting for her next order. When a fan plane loses and is forced to land in the nearby mountains, the crew and passengers must move to the pool until an alternative part can be found. Every visitor shows disdain for the Africans, one of whom is a wealthy owner of a coffee farm that transfers the remaining food from the kitchen to his black mistress hiding in his room. Another, Luke (Jean-Claude Adeline), an arrogant white Frenchman, disturbs the ethnic balance when he uses the outside bathroom, eats with the servants, and mocks Amy for her attraction to Protea leading to a recent emotional confrontation with the maid. <br /> <br /> Chocolat is a loose biography, derived from the memories of her childhood from the director, characterized by a slow and mysterious pace such as the isolation of the brood from the ground on which it was filmed. Denis explains her view on the effects of colonialism without preaching or romance. There are no victims or oppressed, no good men are simple. Protée is a servant, but he is also garrison as if he were standing on the bed where Aimée and her daughter slept to protect them from the raging hyena. It is a sad fact that Protée is treated as a boy and not as a man, but Bankolé drinks his personality with such dignity and prestige that reduces pain. Because of its speed, Western audiences may have to work hard to appreciate the film altogether. Dennis, according to Roger Ebert, does not "train our emotions." The fact of Chocolat lies in the gestures and looks that touch the silent longing of our heart.
