Scottish artist Andy Goldsworthy collects natural materials in ephemeral works of art, collecting rocks in egg huts, filling rocky pools on the banks of the river with inflamed flowers, and tree and tree trimmings in intricate grid patterns. There is original work and some photographs of his other creations folded in one corner of the Southampton Art Gallery (near where I live), but although I found these pieces interesting, I realized the wonder of Goldsworth's work when I was fortunate enough to be able to Film "Rivers and Tides". <br /> <br /> Thomas Reidelsheimer, accompanied by beautiful music by Fred Frith, brings Goldsworthy and his art to life by showing the artist at work. The opening scene captures it, integrating the icy fragments into a snake-like thread on the top of the tree trunk. Working through his teeth and bare hands, Goldsworthy creates a beautiful, ephemeral act. Before long, this fine statue does not dissolve in the magnificent sunlight of Nova Scotian. This scene is one of the most beautiful scenes in the film, but the breadth of Goldsworthy's work and creativity is wonderful. Reidelsheimer shows successes and failures alike, and notes the frustration of the pieces that collapse before their completion as well as the glory of their shine, even if for a few hours, minutes or seconds. <br /> <br /> Goldsworth presents himself as a narrator, speaking slowly but thoughtfully about the topics in his work. He makes his need to work with nature, to be alone, and to enhance his understanding of it by trying to work with natural materials, even when they seem to be working against him. Sometimes it was on earth and a sense of humor. At other times he struggles for words to express his goal? Something quite understandable when watching his stunning work directly. "Rivers and tides" in the title became increasingly relevant because we see natural materials pass through the hands of the artist, flowing from one form to another. The capture of the creation and solution of Goldworthy's work is itself a wonderful piece of art. <br /> <br /> Although Goldsworthy works with a wide variety of materials and covers areas across North America and Europe, the display of artwork one after another in this film is exhausting; it gave me the same feeling of exhaustion that I had when I spent time Long at an art gallery I find it difficult to get anything new. A short interval in which we recognize the Andean family and its homeland is all that breaks the long succession of his works. However, Reidelsheimer does a great job in portraying Goldsworthy and his creations, and locating them in their wider environments, from winding Canadian rivers to the rainy Scottish hills. It is fitting that the film ends with Goldsworthy throwing a handful of earth and snow in the sky. Transient patterns of dust particles appear even when they dissipate in the air; this is the purest expression of the beauty that can be found in the works of this remarkable artist.
