I admit that during the first twenty minutes or so of this film I was not quite sure that I was going to sit in everything. Like many other people, I found it very boring, and I did not fully look for an hour and a half to see this man who bites glaciers and sticks them together. However, if you sit by creating your first job long enough to see the final product, you'll get an idea of ​​how much of the rest of the movie you like. I really think it's sad that so many people found this boring or impossible for the ideas of other artists. <br /> <br /> "Rivers and Tides" is a quiet study of some of the artworks and techniques of Andy Goldsworthy, which makes his art completely out of things in nature, leading generally to pieces consumed by Nature through its entropy nature. It's slow-moving and not lively, but I think much of the film's theme is to show that Goldsworthy does not need any accompaniment to be appreciated. I have heard that people complain that he always speaks during the film, instead of leaving nature and his artistic works talking about themselves, which I think is just madness. <br /> <br /> On the other hand, many people complain about CDs that come with words written inside them. Many musicians believe that their music should mean whatever the listener wants to mean without the music showing his exact words. I think I'm just someone who thinks he wants to know what the artist was trying to accomplish with his artworks. I can still consider how I want it even if I know what it means. I can understand not wanting to hear him talking through the film. After all, he loses his intellectual training and finds himself unable to explain some of his works on more than one occasion, but if you do not want Goldsworth to talk about his art while watching the movie, feel free to close the sound like not reading words if you do not You want to know what the music sings and prefer to interpret the words yourself. <br /> <br /> I think the work of Andy Goldsworthy, who had no idea before I saw this film, is incredibly impressive, and I am glad that this film was produced for its presentation. In fact, since his work is generally not the kind that can be transferred to the studio, photography is the only way other than the film he can express, and I really appreciate the ability to see the work that enters his art, and the way only objects of nature are used. Whether you appreciate certain aspects of how this movie is presented or not, the Goldsworthy action moves enough to ignore it, because the film is not the star, Goldsworthy's art is so. As there is no music or even the smallest special effects and slow nature of the film, it seems to me that director Thomas Redesheimer knows it.
