The purpose of the Zero day is not just entertainment, it provides a message about shooting in specialized schools. Drawing the life of two friends André and Kall resulting in an attack on their high school. <br /> <br /> While the film began in a somewhat modest fashion, a slap on the next attack in the style of amateur adolescence is followed by some brief encounters with the families of the boys. It was not long before we went to work with the boys who offered us their weapons, their pagan love, their sporadic narcissistic fantasies, and even in a controversial scene, how to make tubular bombs. What does the film try to say? What is really motivated these soon to be killers. It seems hard to really determine. Surely they are not caught by a cold-blooded mental patient, but they are planning a brutal act. This brings me to what I feel is a genius in a part of Zero Day. Cal and Andre are constantly talking about their presence on a different level, about how far we are and what "will leave us behind." Like Columbia killers they really feel superior. Like Nietzsche's sense of normative value, the system of values ​​like André seems to have been born of rejection from their community. However, we have only given a glimpse of this, an expression of hatred for the famous athlete for example. Where is the motive? What I feel is that Coco portrayed two desperate people to make a statement of excellence a gesture of their power but have no reasonable place to do so. And then, they resort to mass murder, the kind that will bring them more attention than ever before. This is why school shooters in part of them seem able to do terrible acts even though they come from good stable stable homes. Murder is part of the imagination, Cal and André are completely lost in their imagination, and almost fail to see the truth of their actions. They turn fantasy into tragedy. <br /> <br /> The most interesting thing about this film is the development of personality and the unique dependence of André on each other. André throughout the film openly leader Monday, embracing Cal for his behavior seems to be somewhat coercive clothes. Andre Metwater, André Shedid and Dangerous. He completely avoids others except his family, he is meticulous and meticulous about everything he does and briefly shows the main engine in the plot to attack the school. However, he is loved in his own way. He does not embrace the bullshit of teenagers, and we feel in part that we have to agree with him, but these moments are shattered by Andre's violent violent gestures towards us, where the public treats us as a close friend and potential victim. Cal on the other hand seems more relaxed than Andre, more accepting of reality. Yet he is in his dominant way. We have many personal moments of meditation with Cal's video diary, and scenes when alone apart from Andre. Cal seems to be struggling with his personal demons and using their plan to expel himself from them. André Yagar from going to a concert with an old friend, Cal wants all for himself. Cal satisfies Andre and encourages him. For the first time in his life, André seems to have found someone who believes in him and admires him, and can not lose them. Cal found someone to give him a way out. <br /> <br /> Certainly, the film is quickly improving and advancing as it approaches its dark end. There is an excellent moment when attending a high school concert. Suddenly the film star becomes shy and tonic, and is not at all comfortable with his peers. However, we tend to feel more connected to Cal than the noisy crowds, shouting out the etiquette of the events as they take up too much in their small cars. The loop is a very common and recognizable loop. We do not want to connect with them, when it's over, and Cal calmed back with Andre to prepare one of the final videos that we would like to feel that the characters feel again safely in the fantasy world they created. We feel like we reject the masses as they are. <br /> <br /> The penultimate scene is awesome. See the final video Andre and Cal arm themselves in their car just moments before the attack. All this is very real and truly creates a sense of imminent death. Knowing that we know Cal and Andre and realize that they are about to do so, with some kind of demented dazzle, we also enjoy blowing up movies. <br /> <br /> The CCTV-style carnage is sometimes shocking and while certainly the best option to photograph the carnage if we go there is not without flaws. What is more important is the sudden radical change in our perception of André, and to see them in this person suddenly are the cruel killers whom we know will be rejected so far to admit that they will do so. It is violent and real, our heroes have become monsters, and the reality of their imagination is a terrible tragedy that cost them everything. <br /> <br /> The last scene shows a group of teenagers portraying themselves as they burn the crosses for which they were erected. André and Cal in disgust that the memory was commemorated. After we knew Andre and Cal, we can only feel almost sad because they have actually disappeared forever and they certainly have not won anything. <br /> <br /> Zero Day is necessary for anyone interested in these violent and sensational media acts. It is a personal study worthy of experience.
