As always, controversial films have such mixed views. Either love it or hate it, and everyone will not like it. This shows the point of view of killers, something I personally feel is important in mind. You may hate them, you may claim that you understand them and feel as if you can relate, but regardless of this film will make you think of shooting in schools from a different perspective. <br /> <br /> The entire film was filmed using a handheld camera, something I think works well because it makes it more realistic. It is said entirely from the point of view of the killers, from their "missions" to family outings, all of which precede the big day of "zero day" they plan to massacre at their school. Zero Day does not provide answers, but it provides a glimpse into the lives of two troubled young boys and allows the public to decide for themselves. Our feelings for children are mixed with sympathy and hatred, but we are confused about why two ordinary boys do something like that. They appear to be amazingly natural. They are ordinary teenagers who live a normal life. If we do not know what they were planning, we will not expect anything (they explain throughout the entire film that no one knows about their lives). Given that the representatives were completely anonymous. We can only hope to see more work from both in the future. Although this film is fictional, one can not but notice the obvious similarity between Columbine. Calvin, Andre, Eric Harris, and Dylan Clebold are intermittently (not so much in looks, but in a way) as someone who has done Columbine research on a very wide scale. I could see similarities almost. <br /> <br /> The actual carnage is displayed through the surveillance cameras at the school and is one of the most chilling things I've ever seen. She was completely shocked after seeing her, and felt left for a while. It is very realistic and accessible, and difficult to see. <br /> <br /> Every day Zero Day is an excellent movie, and I think everyone should watch it at least. In the past, we have always called murderers "mentally unstable" and assumed that they were either biologically wired by disasters or have media impact, but as sometimes shown on a zero day, motives are deeper than that, and we can not really understand the cause of these tragedies The shooting of the school is happening, so we saw it from the point of view of the killers.
