The Unborn tells the story of a married couple named Virginia (Brooke Adames) and Bradley Marshall (Jeff Hayenga) who have been trying for the past five years to conceive. Virginia has suffered two miscarriages ever since and is desperate to have a child. They visit Dr. Richard Mayerling (James Carin) for help after being recommended by some of their friends, Dr. Meiring says he will be able to help them have a child. Dr. Meyerling is working in Virginia, and soon confirmed the success of the surgery and that Virginia is pregnant. At first, everything seems perfect, and Marshall can not be happier, but their idealized image does not last long as the pregnancy in Virginia has problems, becomes moody and acts completely out of character and receives a worrying phone call from Beth (Jane Cameron) Another woman who underwent Dr. Meyerling's procedure, claiming that Meerling is actually using his patients to achieve his evil ends and is in fact a disgraceful hereditary researcher. Virginia begins by asking what is growing inside it ... <br /> <br /> From the production and production of Rodman Flinder, I actually thought Aniburn was a decent horror / suspense film (it's definitely not a science fiction film that IMDb would believe) that Sarah surprised me . The text written by Henry Dominique tries to be different, and he must take some credit for it at least. The Unborn goes to psychological horror instead of cheap fears and bad special effects. It's a very smart story that works and plays on basic human concerns. It moves at a fast pace although it is not exactly a film packed by any means. It was a good climax, and seemed to be an appropriate way to bring things closer, and warnings about tampering with genetics seem to be more important today than they should have been at the time. Perhaps Flender knew something that others did not know from us. On the downside, it lacks some exploitation elements, which is essentially a film driven dialogue and focuses mostly on one person so it can be boring at times. Also, I must mention it, what was on Erath that the black dwarf skateboarding is all about eh ?! <br /> <br /> The director Flender is doing well, The Unborn is far from the most elegant film or visual attention ever made but good enough. The atmosphere is good, and there is a certain amount of tension as Virginia is inside it and Dr. Meirling's evil plans are not fully revealed until the last possible moment. Disappointingly, blood and audacity are almost nonexistent, making room for the film because, in the past, there is nothing really unforgettable. The Unborn relies on good stories, but within a week I doubt I'll remember much about him . br> <br /> Technically, the film is fine, I imagine the budget of "The Unborn" is very low but it is well made even if it is very small and can be forgotten. The baby creature is actually a decent special effect and facial movement is rather realistic. Good representation This was one of the first acting jobs attributed to the star of friends (1994 - 2004) Lisa Kudrou, and to be honest, I do not like friends, I do not even know who she was in this, I can not tell you how she did. <br /> <br /> The Unborn is a well-known horror / thriller that deserves to be widely known and seen, much better than the many low-budget waste sold by video store shelves. If you are a fan of horror and looking for something a bit different, something smarter and thought provoking a bit more than usual, I think you could do worse than The Unborn. Followed by the stupid bottom sequel The Unborn II (1994) which I saw immediately afterwards, check my rating if you want ..
