There are two distinct ways to enjoy this superbly written television show ("The Father" to X, Buffy, etc.) as a monster show (I was afraid of hell when I was young!), Or as a well-written narrator. It works at both levels. Scarcity may have been mitigated over the years (I made it in the mid-1970s), but I was pleasantly surprised when I discovered the show (DVD) I already enjoy more now for the latter reasons. The late Daren McGinn, Karl Kulczak, an eccentric / stubborn hunter / journalist, always finds a supernatural angle; much of the pain of Tony Vincenzo, the highly stressed coach of Colchac (played with enormous international boredom by the late Simon Oakland) To feel practically the pain of its nascent ulcers!). The interaction between these characters is crackling and witty (much like STAR TREK's Spock and McCoy, just more acidic!). Over the course of two leading TV series and a one-season series, Kolchack fought vampires, robots, wolves, witches, zombies, government conspiracies, aliens, and ancient legends (looks like running 9 full years of X-Files!) In one season!). Kolchak did that first! As for the main music of the generation of colored men, Well, Chris Carter, designer of X-Files, releases the title of the main X-Files for Mike Snow (very much like) the "greeting" logo. Both things work well; leave it at that. Unlike many modern horror / science fiction shows, most KOLCHAK monsters appear in the shadows, in quick presentations (effectively, and thankfully, as some of them do not withstand modern scrutiny; but some still do). Modern horror programs take note: less what is more! One of the few flaws in the offer (a small one) is the overuse of the sunny Californian languages ​​of Chicago's stormy city. GIGHT GALLERY was the same problem. It is inevitable to get a modest budget, based on the LAA. Some of the supporting characters appear to be in what is now seen as cliche (the brilliant reporter, Ron Updike, always used to alleviate comics; and the famous columnist / old lady Emily). But, they all have their moments of brilliance (unlike many supporting TV personalities since then, clichés or not!). KOLCHAK is an immortal display, which serves as a template for many people who follow. Karl Kulczak is one of the richest characters ever written for a horror TV show (REAL REAL MOLDER). As a footnote, I tried to watch some episodes of the new program "re-imagine" the show. It's an X-Files version. And one bad in it. Karl Kolchak is now a beautiful, angry, 30-something model (frighteningly played by Stewart Townsend boring). Giving him a partner of the Scully type is also a lame idea; he undermines Kolchak as a single, Don Quixote Crusade! And Kolchac and Vincenzo go along? Where is the tension? Interaction? Their choice of KOLCHAK's comment on this reworked piece is a shining example of how a new edition does not work: Take a beloved cult series, scrape everything unique around it, and drain it from all the characters and colors (but keep it there!) Need to worship credit !), And voila! Instant re-fragmentation! You get "F" in "Re-Imaginings 101"! This new version is worth the ax! Stick with the original short-term, but classic. It really gets better with age.
