Two years ago, I had purchased (and enjoyed) MGM DVD dual feature for Kolmyk TV, Knight Stacker (1971) and Night Stranger (1972). When the Universal series came out of the next TV series, I was planning to buy it right away - but rumors of playback problems with the dreaded DVD-18 prevented me from adding it to my collection; I recently made an online request consisting of a set of reduced Universal Box packages and decided to receive KOLCHAK 3- Discer also. <br /> <br /> After seeing him now, I can safely say that I did not. We are sorry for the acquisition of a series of crimes / horror beloved (if not short) one time: may follow a unified formula - the journalist Carl Kulchak, the charismatic and ridiculous, played by Darin McGavin, Their suffering, various tyrannical characters, and a large number of monsters and villains) face the inevitable (and usually supernatural) threat on its own, but finally, it is pressed to keep its story under coils - but a winning threat (more supported by a wonderful selection of guest stars) And behind-the-scenes high-profile statements) For fun display to a large extent. <br /> <br /> However, the quality varies from loop to loop and other modest budgets give them results in speci al and make-up effects that sometimes leave much to be desired (for example, the waswolf in the named input and the crocodile creature idiot In the last installment) - not to mention the fact that these were restricted by 50-minute programs meant for family consumption to take off instead to provide a simplified and healthy presentation of its often intriguing psychological and metaphysical subjects (in the case of the wolf, once again, Biting anyone but, somewhat foolishly, was only given to Just throw it!) <br /> <br /> Although the narration of chivalrous heroes contributes to one attraction to fantasy plots, there is a healthy dose of comedic comfort involved in each episode (often, but not exclusively, revolves around McGavin's relationship with either Oakland or the genius reporter Eccentric Jack Greenage) - not to say anything about the reasonable atmosphere (setting, for the most part, Chicago) and suspense. To make the trip more enjoyable, there is a bouncy degree by Gil Melle and Jerry Fielding. <br /> <br /> To record, the monsters that have encountered (but are not always defeated) by Kolchak throughout the series are: Revival Jack the Reaper, Variety of denominations (Voodoo, Native Americans, Aztec), Aliens, Vampire The dove, the dove, the mare, the block of electricity, the robot, the apeman, the witch, the motorcycle driver, the succubus, the armor of the knight kills A deadly life of his own (the episode with the best supporting actors - including John Dehner as the morose police chief, Hans Conried and Robert Amherdt), Helen Trojan (!) And Machrist. Some actors (unlike those who play colleagues Kolchak) return in the same roles - Keenan Wynn, Ramon Bieri (both law officer), John Fiedler (as a companion in a shrewd morgue) and Richard Kiel as two distinct heroine sisters. If I was pressed to choose the best episodes of the series (or the most entertaining), I tend to panic in the highlands (Phil Philvers and Abraham Sofaer) and the above mentioned MNDLY MURDERS - while the weaker, I will go to THE WEREWOLF (for reasons I have already explained) And CHOPPER (based on a story set up by Robert Zemeckis and Bob Gill!). <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, the collection does not have additional features: it was good to see a host of features discussing the many concepts discussed in KOLCHAK: THE NIGHT STALKER, as well as putting the series in context where the TV was at the time it was broadcast The original, or even indicative of the lasting influence he had on the seemingly endless range of popular science fiction series today. In fact, Colchac himself - in a much smaller and darker appearance - came back in 2005; this version is available at my local DVD rental outlet ... but, for various reasons, I'm not sure I want to check it soon after 1974-5 Classic!
