I loved KOLCHAK: THE STARTKER NIGHT since I saw her the night I first showed her on September 13, 1974. I loved the monsters that looked scary at that time and the wonderful music by Gil Melle (hey, where are you young folks?) I often thought of What makes this presentation work for me perfectly and we finally found that the reason why it continues when many others are not a simple and important element is that there does not seem to be any other scary display and this is the main character that most people can relate to on a daily basis. When Karl Kolchak of Darren McGavin begins to discover strange situations, his reaction is as most people do. He finds them strange and with danger, he is afraid, even if he knows that he must go ahead and try to overcome any threat presented in that episode. It is rare for him to have the courage to stand up to supernatural power. He usually sets a trap and hides or waits in the wings to see if it works. Sometimes, he seems surprised because he managed to defeat an enemy as we are. In one episode, he went to find a monster in the sewer, but when he first saw it, running out of there but besieged, he must go back and defend himself. He is heroic because he is willing to do things that most of us will not do, but that does not mean he may not do much more than someone else who did it instead. He is an ordinary man, doing a job, trying to make a profit, not a beast hunter. It concludes things that are supernatural, that have an interest in it but does not want to be hurt or killed anymore than any of us do. If his plan does not succeed in defeating the creature, he often runs running away from his life, and of course I will. That's why I often watch peak performances through my fingers as a child. Kolchak was loved and I cared if something bad happened to him. I was afraid for him and for other characters as well. It is clear that producers and writers knew that anyone could create a scary monster suit and music and point out a disgusting scene, but it's all a little unknown if you do not care about characters. Darren McGovern said the reason for the season's only show was that he was fed up with the "Monster of the Week" show and decided not to continue. I can tell you that I was sad when this offer was canceled when I was a child, but, as an adult, I can see why you can not go on this formula for too long. I still love the 20 episodes and two films that starred in McGavin as a panicked, resolute and pleasing reporter but loyal to the INS newspaper known as Karl Kolchak. I seriously doubt that anyone making presentations or films will really understand why I like the show. They are not monsters, groups with dark lighting, scary music or stars of idiot guests, although they are all vital components. The secret of his success really exists in the title - "Kolchak: The Night Stalker". Without the beloved McGavan, the glamorous Karl Kolchak, to work for his care, he is not just a night stalker.
