Bill Crane's most rare release of the rare "The Punk" certainly does not follow standard leg and cutting guidelines that are so essential to his peers. Spider-Man this time uses bombs and small weapons as well as an impressive array of melee weapons. - Sin is almost unacceptable in most species cut after Halloween. But there is still enough familiarity to prevent the reading and writing aficionados from checking the grammar book, and the plot never goes away from the path it has grown to expect. Just as 555 of Wally Koz has been placed surprisingly decent with the help of various members of his family, Mirage seems to have been a joint production of the director's relatives. By looking at credits, I noticed many "Crains" listed in key positions throughout the build feature. But despite the fairly good distribution around the world, the film failed to make an impression on either side of the Atlantic and now has become largely a ghost in the VHS market. However, this made me appeal more and more, so I pressed my followers to track the version ?? <br /> <br /> Everything happens in the middle of the dessert, and I'm sure you will agree that it is the most exciting site. However, I must admit that there will certainly be no chance for any appearance of John Quay's curious laws unexpectedly. Four undeniable young people head to the sand to spend a night of debauchery and joy that always seems to throw madmen out of the wrong way. Chris (Jennifer McAllister) and her boyfriend Greg (Kenny Johnson) meet with a new amusing hippie ride (Kevin McBarland) and Mary (Nicole Anton) in a camp-shift location in the middle of the wild like sand dunes. Gregg's older brother Kyle (Todd Schaefer) and his brilliant girlfriend Bambi (Laura Albert) soon appeared to join the applicants for body count in their search for an early tomb. Kyle was used to Chris before his younger brother took his liberty to steal his pressure ?? Something Kyle does not seem keen to forget. Sounds like a motive for a massacre? Well, what did you expect? Before long, an invisible person driving a truck with colored windows joins the group with a unique set of tricks in his pack. Will any of the children survive for the next? <br /> <br /> You have had trouble tracking any information at all about this feature. I do not know if director Bill Crane is William Crane? The man behind Midnight Fear and Blacula and others. Sure Mirage does not appear in his official film, so your guess is as good as me. Based on the reliable work behind the camera, I must say that I find it hard to believe that this is the first appearance of a man who has no prior cinematic experience. The film is elegantly filmed with some brilliant work by DP Michael Crain, and the director boasts a credible talent for building suspense when necessary. R. Christopher Biggs Gore FX was created brilliantly and brilliantly, with pointed heads at the BBFC who allowed for this reason to pass through UNCUT with a generally strict classification of 18. The two murders are in fact quite shocking. A man is buried up to his neck in the sand before he comes face-to-face with a grenade, while someone else literally ends up losing his battle with a chain and pickup truck! There is also some certainly unintended black humor. We spend most of the time seeing the killer's shoes just as he gets out of his vehicle and chases the kids. But when he discovered that he was like the joy of Keanu Reeves, Sirka Bell and Ted's false trip, I did not know what to expect. Fortunately, Crain knows exactly how to keep things creepy and the confrontations mean in particular the spirit of psychological fervor as Chris makes fun of the shock. <br /> <br /> There are some amazingly good performances from the very experienced cast. Divine Jennifer McAllister does a wonderful job like the heroine and B.G. Steers depicts off rock dementia with versatility. Casting director wisely chose some of the most beautiful female ever bowed in vulgar cinema, something that does not stem from gratitude for thespian's potential. The soundtrack works well to build the atmosphere of abandoned isolation, which is carefully dealt with by the director who had to be signed and sponsored by Hollywood celebrities. Watch out for the wonderful nightmare sequence that makes horror movies really horrific. <br /> <br /> Mirage is a good late entry to the course, which was a little regrettable to miss the year of prosperity among the bright elite. When you think that this was only manufactured by a group of seven people and a pickup truck, you have to say they did a good job well. Disadvantages are many, but they do not detract from the credibility of the final result. Unfortunately, you probably have a greater chance of finding liquid gold in your coffee mug than you ever have a copy. If you see this device covered with dust on the top shelf of your local video store, make sure you receive it. Recommended.
