The original film, The Odd Couple, contains some great comics. It seems that the whole world knows the story of Felix Negar, the nervous, funny, obnoxious, Oscar Madison. This division of his colleagues from the incompatible rooms created one of the most successful TV series of all time in addition to countless films and not a good tradition. <br /> <br /> Odd Couple has some great jokes about the Oscar apartment and its dirty habits company. He says, "Who wants food?" One of his poker friends asks, "What did you get?" "I got brown sandwiches and green sandwiches," says Oscar. "What's brown?" They are either very new cheese or very old meat! "I also love the line located in the Oscar fridge," I've been out of service for two weeks and I've seen milk standing there and it was not even in a bottle! "Oscar Madison's Walter Madison is happy to see it on the screen, and it's as good as Jack Klugman's version of the TV series. <br /> <br /> The problem with the film is Felix Ungar from Jack Lemmon. Is that he makes Felix so gloomy and frustrating that he becomes more disturbing than comedy, and Tony Randall's performance in the series has a kind of humor, warmth and sensitivity to the character of Felix, which lacks Lemon's portrayal: Tony Felix Anger may be annoying for some time , However, in the television series, was related to certain situations where there was a need for annoyance in the story Alex Ungar is a roommate who drives you to the top of the wall all the time. <br /> <br /> The film still has wonderful moments You will remember forever one of the other great examples of the "small notes" of Felix on the Oscar pillow.However, there are some dark aspects where Oscar excels On the top, "Crying" near the end after eating Felix, the scene includes the dinner of Felix Linguini, (although it illuminates the letter M Knit.) Seems more depressing than comedy. Perhaps there was not enough time to see the lighter side of these characters that made the series memorable in the film. The beginning of 20 minutes is very boring. The same problem occurs with a Felix conversation with Pidgeon Sisters. The end of the film is predictable and very pat. There is little care or sympathy for each other. The result is that the dark side of the film leads to a lot of depression and anger, rather than comedy, unless you see the wonderful scenes described above. It seems that Felix's character taken from Jack Lemmon reduces the film, rather than promoting or embracing comedy among the characters. <br /> <br /> It really took the 1970 TV series to make The Odd Couple the best it could be. The original film is still very good. However, the TV series is much better.
