Some of the best films that have been classified as "comedy" actually clash between comedy and drama. Examples include "The Graduate" and "Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid", which were also prepared in the late 1960s. Are they a comedy with dramatic tunes, or dramas with lots of humor? In many respects, "The Odd Couple" falls within the same category of classic comedy but is very exciting with deep foundations on human nature. It may be a lot of funny happening to the audience but the characters do not laugh. <br /> <br /> Despite the somewhat lukewarm television show of the 1970s, the original "Odd Couple" is not just an elegant man and an anarchist man forced to live together because of their marital status. It is in fact two of the opposites who must face the cause of the breakup of their marriages and how their harmful privacy reveals themselves outside their marriage. The precision, characteristic of Felix Anjar (the perfectly cast Jack Lemmon) and the chaos, the characteristic of Oscar Madison (Walter Matau), are only rather superficial and superficial. When the story unfolds, there is much more to these men than precision versus chaos. <br /> <br /> In short, the story revolves around Felix Angar, who has to face an impending divorce from his wife Francis. , Whom we never met, but an important figure throughout the story. On the verge of suicide, Ungar goes to the only place he knows: the Oscar Madison apartment where a group of poker friends hang around each time. We know that Ungar is not only a member of this "poker club", but the group knows what is happening to him and tries, in their inefficient way, to help. Madison considers that the best way to help Ungar is to let him move with him until his suicidal tendencies fade. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately for Madison, he does not know what he is getting. Madison is happily happy and lucky if there is an irresponsible smoother of the last time the refrigerator was cleaned up when Herbert Hoover was still in the White House. Madison's idea is to serve snacks by eating rotten cheese and sticking it between two pieces of bread, then throwing the contents of a bag of chips onto the table. On the other hand, they enjoy women and women, and have fun. <br /> <br /> Ungar is not only completely different, it is quite the opposite. It's not just a crazed nut that finds it more fun to clean the apartment than to meet women, but it knows more than most women know about cooking and good eating. At one point, he called his ex-wife, not to talk about reconciliation, but to get her own recipe for meat. At another moment, Anghar would spend the rest of the evening in the cabbage pieces of the coleslaw. When Madison seems unmoved, Angar finally admits that he was only doing this to his roommate because he could not stand in front of Culislaw. who is this guy? But it has another granular characteristic: Felix is ​​also deficient in the cartilage. He is so healthy that he makes strange sounds in public places that claim to help sinuses. It seems that he has every health condition in the book. If they were more, Felix would probably attend them. In the end, it is too much self-absorption. <br /> <br /> Running around the movie signals to marriage. At some point when Madison tries to convince Ungar to move, he says, "What do you want, wedding ring?" But little knows that he is not an elegant person who can not deal with anarchist man, but vice versa. Their friendship becomes an unintended affair. Culminating when Oscar invites two British sisters to meet with both comedy and tragic results. This is one of the best comics of its kind written at all and not to be missed, with a super-performance composed by Walter Matau and Jack Lemmon in roles that are harder to imagine than anyone else. Unfortunately, the writing of this caliber unfortunately lacks most of the comedy films that are produced today.
