There is a lot to offer at the opening of The Odd Couple than in most movies. Felix Anger (the character of the poor man even cursing him) heads for a hotel in New York. The cleaning lady says "Good night". "Goodbye," he answers again. In his room emptying his pockets, and then struggling to take off his wedding ring just to put things neatly in an envelope, addressed to his wife and beloved children. When the viewer finally puts together? Aha, is going to stop himself? Watching him struggling to open the window ?? No, will jump ?? The poor man hits the lower back. This is all you need to know about Felix Unger ?? His wife left him, a compulsive cleaner with endocrine glands. All in one scene. This is the comedy genius of Neil Simon ?? It's about status and personality. There are a few obvious physical jokes? No kicks to the thigh, no cheap gags? Funny characters only in uncomfortable positions. Of course, he is master manipulating public expectations. Coming from the Swingers era, imagine what I thought of the history scene when Felix begins to regret the disintegration of his marriage of the girls, and his roommate Oscar has worked hard to get to his apartment. He gives it, does not it? Think again. Girls love his sensitivity and ability to cry in front of them. They call him back to their place since the meat burned because Oscar did not care about him. It's like Cork, is not it? Ah yes, but he does not want to go with the girls because he feels weak. Great things. Its size has been increased in a way that minimizes modification and increases the range of eight-room apartments to the maximum. I've got Jack Lemmon and Walter Mattaho lounging in Chrissakes, why have you spoiled him? The visual mode of breakfast reminded me of Tiffany, in this wonderful effect that was created from a great depth of field and the interaction between different work planes. Do not forget the scene in which Felix, escaping from Oscar, closes a section only to realize that the section does not cover the side from which Oscar comes. You have a real sense of planning for the apartment, and therefore the proximity to which the two are living. Evolution here is that these two really married? for each other. So the observations about married life that can be ignored in an ordinary romantic comedy have become more emotional because they are two men.
