I do not think I was really given to Walter Matau as a comedian. He certainly was wonderful in many lukewarm roles, but I always think that his success lies in the discontent and character of his characters, a stark contrast to the mysterious character of his frequent co-star Jack Limon, and I suppose it is normal to extend his previous work in dramatic images. Watch the movie Gene Saks "The Odd Couple (1968)", taken from the famous Neil Simon play, was suddenly realized: The Matthau, by itself, is very hilarious! At first, the audience at Oscar Madison initially attracted the public as dirty, pure and unattractive in general, and could eventually pass through to our hearts, culminating in overly admiring passions from Matato's voice that was not entirely in his interest. At the same time, while holding himself as a comedian, his interaction with Lemmon, of course, is perfect. In fact, the film really belongs to both actors, who never failed to light the cinema screen on their own, let alone each other. <br /> <br /> A call to think of Billy Wilder's scenario for "The Flat (1960)" This comedy Neil Simon builds himself around the somewhat obsessed hypothesis. Felix Anger (Lemon) is trying to clean the house after his wife expelled him 12 years ago, but he abandoned the idea to no avail after he destroyed his back as he tried to open the hotel window. On arrival, he arrived at the home of his close friend, Oscar Matthau, a divorced old man who lived alone on a diet of potato chips and green sandwiches (which may contain very new cheese or very old meat!). Oscar is asked to offer Felix a place to stay, but he is soon overwhelmed by his difficult friend's personality and his constant insistence on absolute cleanliness. The couple is an unusual sort of marital arrangement, with Felix always playing the role of a female wife, and Oscar as a dirty and indifferent husband always comes home late. This marriage lasts barely three weeks, and by the end of it, we can fully sympathize with the former Felix wife, which is still invisible. <br /> <br /> "Strange pair" is a wonderful comedy, most of all it contains a lot of heart. Despite all the controversy, it is clear that two of his roommates have a lot of affection for each other, which is most striking when Felix tries to start an angry sermon instead? Maybe inadvertently? Oscar ends up telling how "tops" he has. The four poker partners (John Fiddler, Edelman, David Scheiner, and Larry Haines) are always angry at each other for some mysterious inconvenience, but you can not deny that they got the best intentions. Their decision to treat Felix as if nothing had happened to him may have seemed good in theory, but perhaps not ignored is the correct solution to Felix's dark feelings of inadequacy. Unlike some popular comedy-based films (I was recently disappointed by Wilder 'The Seven Year Itch (1955)), this film does not simply collide with the same string all the time. The relationship between the two lists is progressively developed through tears and laughter And a lot of controversy.
