I received this film from a cousin in Norway and had to convert it from Norwegian to American format using a video that was copied. By comparing this film (1948) with the heroes of Telemark (1965), Kampen om Tungtwannet (The Fight for Heavy Water) casts the saboteurs themselves and plays their own roles, although the actors were also represented to play the roles of the saboteurs gave their lives in Norway's struggle for freedom In subsequent campaigns. The plot is in four languages: Norwegian alongside French, German and English (complete with Norwegian translations). <br /> <br /> It was impressive during this course of history that led to the conflict. French scientists were interested in getting about 200 kilograms of heavy water from Norsk Hydro in Vimork to return to France to conduct laboratory studies on its effectiveness. At the same time, the Nazis were also interested in obtaining heavy water to make a secret weapon. The French were worried that the Nazis might take the initiative early in the invasion of Norway, and through secret codes, their man managed to evade the Nazi spies on his journey to Oslo where he received heavy water and returned without hindrance. He was seen by two spies as he boarded a plane, but they did not see him jumping on the other side as he crossed the runway to another nearby plane where his cargo was waiting for him. This smart trick worked by using the plane as a company that was later pushed by the Nazis to Hamburg. <br /> <br /> However, the invasion of Norway On the morning of 9 April 1940, the Nazis seized Norsk Hydro and it was up to the Norwegian intelligence and British intelligence in London to take action. Professor Lev Trondstad has volunteered to serve eleven young Norwegians. The "Swallow" and "Gunnerside" groups successfully sabotage the production of heavy water in Vimork. This was explained in detail on how to actually implement the operations, including the sinking of the ferry after the Nazis abandoned Norsk Hydro to transport the heavy cargo of water on rail cars to Berlin. <br /> <br /> Quality The movie was fair despite the fact that there were many links in the film. I highly recommend this film to anyone interested in the history of World War II.
