One day, one of them will write an article comparing "Fury of the Wolfman" to great Spanish surrealist films "L'age D'or" and "Un Chien Andelou". Naschy's film is a masterpiece of rave from start to finish. Perhaps Dali and Bonwell loved her, and ate their hearts by seeing someone do so easily that they had to carry his brains out. <br /> <br /> The film lacks a coherent structure, although it contains a plot that moves from A to B to C. Some hooligans about "Professor Walterman" - his first name, your mind - who was bitten by the Yetty monster during a trip Exploratory to Tibet and has not been the same since then, which is understandable. One of his jealous colleagues, the crazy daughter of the famous doctor Wolfstein, knows his condition and reveals that his wife was betraying him. But this setting for a scientific experiment twisted to unlock the inner monster. <br /> <br /> "Walterman" turns, turns into a wolf, kills a few people, is exposed to electricity, dies, buried, uncircumcised, taken to a castle filled with circus openings, connected to various machines, organized with various electronic effects, , Is restricted, and turned into a wolf wolf, a woman wearing evening clothes worn high-heeled fetish shoes. Escapes, helps the beautiful doctor find his way out of the castle, fights the whims of the circus with the ax of the battle, and eventually turns into a wolf, and he must fight to death against the doomed embodiment of his deceptive wife. The woman with the Nazi shoe shoots him from Lugar's pistol, where they die together, while the beautiful doctor walks in the morning with the studded reporter who has done nothing. "Look, what a beautiful day!" <br /> <br /> Paul Naci wrote "La furia del Hombre Lobo" in a hurry. The original director, Enrique Iglesias, was fired and replaced by Jose Maria Zabalza, a drunk who was poisoned throughout the production. He was often unable to work (although he found time to teach his 14-year-old nephew to make some adjustments to the script), and Naschy ended up taking out a large part of the film without the adoption. Zabalza gathered enough to cut some of the movement's scenes from one of Naschi's previous films, Mark of the Wolfman. Luckily the scenes were good enough to be used twice even if the costumes were different and helped to get rid of the runtime after Zabalza refused to get out of bed to finish the movie. After production was a nightmare. No one knew who was editing, the money ran out, the main printout disappeared for a while, and then in the pre-release show of a film distributor the executive arrived to find Zabalza peeing in front of the stage. He was very drunk because he could not find a latrine, but at least he reached the podium. <br /> <br /> However, the film works in a way, if you allow it. It is the key to those atavistic memories that we have about mysterious castles, domed catacombs, chains, whips, gloomy marshes. Fans of these kinds of things will find a natural view even if the story as a whole is unreasonable due to intermittent interruptions. In one scene the rain is heavy and Wilman groans in the lightning. In the next shot her bones are dry and he is in full moon. Then it rains again. But you do not look at him as a room. First, Wolfman captures the power cable and screams, and then the cable begins to spark electricity. People say his low budget hurts overall effectiveness - I would say that the film would have been out of reach if they had had more than 10 years of spending. It is miraculous to make something out of nothing, not to succeed because of what it can do, but because of what it is doing. It's easy to laugh at such things, as they are easier to refuse. The trick is the ability to see chaos, or rather consider chaos part of the effect. <br /> <br /> Paul Naschi died last week at the age of 75. He had pancreatic cancer for a year or more, worked on film projects until his last days, but died in Madrid, Spain, with his family while receiving chemotherapy. His incredibly rich, varied and long career is the legacy of a man who stubbornly pursues his artistic vision in the face of global disinterest. However, we all have an eleven-year-old child watching his films like "Fury of the Wolfman" in horror. Even people who do not like Euro Horror will discover something in this movie to be amazed at, even for just a minute in a few locations. You can find it for free at Archive.Org or even buy it on a DVD for Nickel. It's worth a lot, much more. <br /> <br /> Ironically, Nashi was horrified when he learned that many like me viewed this small, twisted, sick and idle film as a classic film, if not a masterpiece of dementia. Perhaps the problems he faced during the production and the chaos of the film that left him a personality were a very technical disappointment for Naschy to forgive him. I will never assume that I dare to forgive it, but I will say this: the best view of "Fury of the Wolfman" in the most full-screen plowing and full of passion and the most deteriorating than before ends its presentation in the "swine flu" this week or in any Another weekend. <br /> <br /> The world has lost a great artist this month. Watch his movies and remember. <br /> <br /> 9/10
