This film is a lot of clicks, but it usually depends on the awesome cover / covered version of the movie that ran American television and was also released to death on VHS and DVD vendors such as Alpha, Unicorn, etc. The film did not have a theatrical release in the states, although it was picked up by the Embassy of Avco in 1973. In Spain at the time, when there was nudity, the filmmakers filmed two copies, one in clothes and the other without them. The entire English full export export title was WEREWOLF NEVER SLEEPS, which appeared to have been released for home video only in Sweden in the 1980s. EBay and the like can be found highly recommended. My guess is that Avco cut the movie down for an R version that never happened. In 1974 it was released by Avco to the TV entitled "FURY OF THE WOLFMAN". Twelve years later, FURY OF THE WOLFMAN is emerging on the home video on the Charter poster. This version seems to be what Avco will launch in 73. It's the undefined version, with some nudity that will never be transmitted on television or PG. There are many scenes on the "Compact" bar that run with Nudity and covered with TV printing (source for both the Dud and VHS versions of USD). But the comparison between the completely incomplete WOLFMAN NEVER SLEEPS reveals two pieces of footage on this version! (The spoilers in the next paragraph) The scene in which Elona imposed chains on the wall and whip after becoming wolves incomplete. After being forced to submit, she begins to remove her clothes and start loving the wolf !!! The bereaved responds positively to these sexual rioters as well. This scene is certainly one of the most unusual movies in the history of horror movies, a comedy treat. It is not a graphic, but implied intonation was too much for the American public, or probably MPAA. Elona was in desperate love with Valdemar and could not own him, and hence was her full plan to control the wife of Aldermar and involve her in an affair. She wanted to break up his marriage, accomplishing this while Valdemar was in Tibet. Unfortunately, the bereaved returns, but this does not slow it down a bit. If she can not physically get her as a man, she loves him enough to have sex with him as a liar. This also helps to illustrate the subsequent scene where wolves fall with a woman who was discovered naked before bedtime while yelling through her window. This scene is rendered nude in the covered version and really meaningless. In the unpolished version, Elona's emotions seem to have made the corpse horny and need to be released, so she raped the first woman who could escape after his escape. The other part is the full scene of Valdemar in bed with Karen, a naked she sees. A very similar bedroom scene from the US version of WEREWOLF SHADOW (WEREWOLF VS THE VAMPIRE WOMAN) was also cut. The film has problems though, certainly. The director was drunk, the bad attitude of the wolf on some points, the terrible English dubbing, the inclusion of sequences from the first film "MARK OF THE WOLFMAN", also known as the FRANKENSTEIN'S BLOODY TERROR and the over-recording of the music of that film all the time. (For example: WEREWOLF NEVER SLEEPS), it is one of the fiercest and most famous Werewolf series of Daninsky, with an unmatched landline in everything except the kitchen sink approach. The clip / dress and scan copies the full screen of this movie with any action you prefer, and unfortunately this is the version seen by all the people who commented on the movie almost. The film holds the copyright of 1970, I bet that the date of the 1972 release on IMDb is incorrect. The film preceded WEREWOLF SHADOW (aka WEREWOLF VS THE VAMPIRE WOMAN) in the series and was definitely released before WEREWOLF SHADOW. The end of WEREWOLF SLEEPS / FURY OF WOLFMAN Fades directly at the opening of WEREWOLF SHADOW, offering concrete evidence of it. Unfortunately, you may not get a full copy of this on a decent version. The perfect version will be the English version of the glossy but in Spanish with a translation into English. English dubbing hurts the film badly. But any version in Spanish will reflect the covered version as described in Spain during the Franco era, where nudity was known.
