A riotous farce represents the world of glamorous serials during the day! This movie is hilarious! Admittedly, you must taste films that scream, conduct hysterical dialogue, the highest representation, and developments in a melodramatic plot. But if you do, then you are in the hell of one treatment. <br /> <br /> Sally Field plays Celeste Talbert, "The Queen of Misery" on daytime TV. Celeste's turbulent life was brought up with the unexpected arrival of Laurie Craven (Elizabeth Schwei) and her long-lost niece, while Jeffrey Anderson (Kevin Klein - as wonderful as usual), longtime Celeste mistress. But Celeste was secretly hiding in a deep dark, and Lori and Jeffrey could reach the surface. David (Robert Downey, Jr.), a Winnie producer of soap who secretly plans with Montana to destroy Celeste ("The Greatest Woman with Testosterone to Put Down"), who is trying hard to destroy Celeste's professional life; ; And Rose Schwarz (Wobi Goldberg), a screenwriter and a real confidant of Celeste, and you are in a great help of sub plots and public chaos. <br /> <br /> It is difficult to carry out these chaotic comic stories (does anyone remember "mixed nuts"?), but when done well, funny can be a damn curse! One of the key elements of any good comedy is the selection of experienced professionals who know that often the most trivial things are not said but are displayed in an expression or a look. Field, Kline, Goldberg and the rest are all together well and obviously spend a wonderful time making it hard for them to shed their energy and enthusiasm. Shue is clearly the weakest link here, but she draws attention to herself only because she is surrounded by Field, Kline, et al. Moriarty is a prominent role in the playful Punk role, which makes you think of the hottest dominatrix I've ever seen !! There are also many familiar faces that you will know in small roles (however, they are all very funny), including Carrie Fisher, Gary Marshall, Kathy Nagimi and Terry Hatter. Director Michael Hoffman keeps the pace fast and the historical plot goes to the big end. You should also refer to the Robert Harling scenario, carefully designed to display the soap opera inside the soap opera. The dialogue disappears with great lines, brilliantly presented by the actors (I would be willing to bet that many of these things have been worn). <br /> <br /> See, if you want to see a bunch of pros do what they do best and spend a great time doing it, get your hands on this one. If not for anything else, it'll put you in a good mood and make you laugh!
