It seems a bit embarrassing to name a film about the war and the holocaust because many of us will know well the horror of war and violence. Using the "shocking" character, I do not intend to point out that I am surprised by the things that were told in this film or that I did not know before, that I just liked very much the way this film was made. It shows how incredibly insane and frightening they killed each other, either with or without "cause". <br /> <br /> The first part of the film focuses on Hanna's successful participation in Hungarian resistance. Maruschka Detmers did not win the Oscars for this performance, because of her asymmetrical guidance, but her representation remains strong enough and she has enormous charisma. We have been filmed very well like Hanna and immediately our sympathy. The most beautiful look of it, of course, but that has nothing to do with being simply a good actress, playing a good role. <br /> <br /> There are still some contradictions in Hanna's war. I sometimes get the idea director, Menachem Golan (who often despises the murder in Gianni Versace), was in a hurry and was supposed to have allowed a few people to watch. On the other hand, I am very grateful that he produced this impressive and stimulating film, but I am very positive about it. I think he did a good job. <br /> <br /> The second half of the film is the most interesting and tragic. It focuses on the suffering of Hanna (beware of the frightening portrayal of Donald Blanes to the cruel and cynical Rosa tribe) and shows the severity of injustice and horror that comes with hatred, violence and war. I receive the war of Hanna, especially the second half, as a strong anti-war film and for this reason alone the Golan deserves recognition. In the second half of this year, Maruschka Detmer's talent is emerging, creating a personality that enters the history of cinema as one of the most powerful and tragic stories ever spoken. It is also wonderful to see Elaine Perstein, whose appearance and manner of representation always reminds me of Romie Schneider, who - though she was alive - could have made an effective contribution similar to the Hanna war. <br /> <br /> The tragic impact of the second half and the desperate tension that is sometimes replaced by hopeful hopes and good news leads to a number of final scenes that show something very unexpected, so it is the movement and poeticism that have afflicted me Like a bomb and left me in tears. When I realized again that it was not even a fantasy, it all happened, and I found myself in more tears. The image of Hanna that Marocca Demers has photographed will be in my mind for ever.
