I saw this when it was first viewed and re-viewed on the IFC again. This is a great account of many possible stories about the immigrant farmer population who came to Hawaii to work in sugar farms in early 1900. My grandparents were part of that migration. My parents were born on the Big Island farm at the time of the film's preparation. I moved to the Big Island more than a year ago having lived in California for more than 30 years. I was surprised to see many of the former sugar cane cultivation grounds still unexploited, with cane growth continuing after years of farm closure. I have heard many stories from my uncles and uncles who were growing up on the farm. This film helps to portray these kinds of stories and memories. This story is a more historical document than a romantic film driven by the plot. It leaves me shaking my head to read a review like ccthemovieman. Some people do not get it. <br /> <br /> I did not remember that Youki Kudoh had a starring role, so she did a wonderful job. I remember her wonderful performance in Jim Garmusch's "Mystery Train" and in an Australian film with Russell Crowe "Burning the Sky." Tamlyn Tomita has done a great job with her English, especially for someone who did not grow up in the islands. I had forgotten that Toshiro Mifune had a role as a veil in the role of the narrator to view the pictures. I missed the fact that Jason Scott Lee had an unsupported part and was not speaking as one of the farm workers during the payday scene. <br /> <br /> I was saddened to learn that the director and co-writer, Kayo Hata, died in an accidental drowning accident in 2005. <br /> <br /> Two other excellent foreign films reflect the experience of this reed plant: "Gaijin" About the cane workers in Brazil (many of them Japanese) in the same period of time; and the "cane alley" about the experience of cane plantation in Africa. The latter is still available, but "Gaijin", unfortunately, does not seem to have been introduced long ago. Another wonderful film about the experience of early Asians in America when immigrants were like slaves is "A Thousand Pieces of Gold". This was determined by the participation of Chinese workers in the construction of the railway, and starred Rosalind Chao, Chris Cooper, Michael Paul Chan and Denis Don.
