It can be said that this is the best film director Haim Bozglo so far. A well-trained television director who has been well trained in storytelling and directing his representatives through long films tried to portray in this low-budget film the essence of the very special psychological state of Israelis, despite the constant threat of terrorism. Attacks, resulting in a "distorted" life. Every character tries to live his own life, to watch and control the other, while other characters watch and control it, often the constant pressure, political and historical forces beyond his control. Some call this fate, but destiny has a very concrete representation in this film. <br /> <br /> There is no clear political statement in the "distortion". Political figures are never discussed, not even at the level of "villains!" When they hear that a new terrorist attack is taking place. Their reaction to events is to localize the attack and count the victims using official and media terms for the dead and the wounded. They do not really live, but they live in a happy time, because they survived a single bomb and are waiting for the next bomb. Personal, social and professional life seems to work fairly, but it is very flawed and influenced by events. The main character of the director is the playwright, whose personal and creative crisis has swelled in midlife due to the pressures of events and the fact that he is lucky enough to leave the scene of the terrorist attack minutes before the bomb exploded. Hired a private investigator to follow his girlfriend, a reporter for a television investigation suspected of interfering with her next program - another failed former military man whose work and family life are disrupted. He begins to write a play that conveys carbon to reality and will transport it to theater, in the theater in a film scene reminiscent of Hamlet as well as "Synecdoche, New York." I do not doubt that Charlie Kaufmann looks at Bouzghoulu's shoulder. He definitely does not need to, but the Israeli director's screen is fantastic in anticipating the last film (and the first directed by Kaufmann). As in the case of American film actors, they play real people and begin to interact with them in a series of encounters between reality and reality, which never lack logic, at least not artistic logic. <br /> <br /> Bouzaglo directs his representatives to the usual talent, trusts them and gives them the freedom to live in situations rather than represent them. His style is much more free here in his television series, and the effects of "distortion", although American horror films work well everywhere. The end seemed to me to be very short and very unsatisfactory, but the suicidal killer chasing the film and the entire scene in a time-frame would follow the scenes as well when he remembered the film later.
