I have read with great interest the only comment available before my comment on this film. First of all, I would like to say that I understood the view of the previous user who commented on this film well: from an Israeli point of view, I can well imagine that this film touches on very sensitive issues, Is of great importance to the viewer who is fairly directly concerned with the events described in this film. What I would like to say is that "distortion" was shown at a film festival in Geneva in November 2005 (Cinéma tout écran), where he won the public prize ('Prix du public'in French'). For what affects me, I liked the "neural camera" of Mr. Bouzaglo, who, in my opinion, picture the atmosphere of extreme tension and discomfort in the film well, and I think most Swiss viewers appreciated this in the film. However, this perspective may seem quite "strange" to Israeli viewers, but it is not surprising when it comes to Swiss viewers, because Switzerland is a country that has never been subjected to a terrorist attack. It is therefore not surprising that the public in Geneva judged this film with a much "separate" perspective. I would also like to quote what Mr. Bozghlo said when he met him in Geneva (I translate from French): "After 50 years of living here and having been subjected to all this violence, we may ask ourselves whether it is still possible to remain natural. Sometimes it will be easier to commit suicide rather than to continue life.We are like the characters in my film, "Edge Edge." That is why the private investigator, who is a "voyeur" in some way, is the happiest character in the film, His livelihood thanks to the system, and takes advantage of this "position", in essence, is the main thing I and the Swiss public, P In my opinion, in this film, we did not notice some contradictions with respect to the characters in the film, which the former reviewer pointed out with great precision and humor, so in short, a different country = a different perspective, but I think this is somewhat wonderful because it reassures me what Affects the future of cinema, meaning that it is never subject to the "unique" of the "oriented" way of thinking.
