Distortion is an annoying and painful film, about life that resembles art and art that reflects life. Haim Bouzghalo, director of the film, plays the role of Haim Bouzghalo, a sexually forbidden and impotent playwright who finds inspiration in his doubts about the subject of his girlfriend's documentary. As an Arab suicide bomber disguised in a shirt and American shirt, wandering around the scene in search of his goal and his nerves, Haim turns on the life of his girlfriend, portraying her documentary and integrating the life of him and his representatives during the exercises. But the bomber had already hit Haim and left the restaurant minutes ago. Despite the manipulation of time and place, the story is quite clear, comprehensive and enjoyable. It is a wonderful comment on the "distortion" of Israeli daily life, where politics intertwines with the character, where everyone lives "on the edge" and people never know whether they are playing leadership roles In their own lives or are they just players who can be dispensed with in the dramatic narrative of another person. <br /> <br /> Bouzaglo plays with the idea that everyone is represented in someone else's production brilliantly. We are always hikers, seeing what the fictional director sees in an illegal manner but also what the "real" director chooses to reveal. To remind us that these touches are a violation of privacy, Bouzaglo takes us to the bathroom and the bedroom (sometimes the bedroom is the street and the surface), and his views are frequently screened inside TV or video screens or safety screens. Actors play the role of actors who represent the "real" characters played by actors. Of course, each actor represents the star of his own production, and is aware of only a few of his diminishing roles in the films of his personal colleagues. The investigator hired by the playwright becomes a character in the play. The actor who has been hired to play the investigator's role is looking for the investigator to get "tips" on how to play the role, being caught by the detective on surveillance tapes, and attending the actors' concert for their real selves. <br /> <br /> In spite of this diversity of views, there is no error in the clear lines of this narrative: the playwright searches for a subject, the objector searches for a goal, and pursues the investigator the director. Is there no difficulty in determining the ultimate goal of Buzaglo? A disadvantaged and helpless Israel, fully aware of the threat, but unable to take meaningful action. Israel is Bozgho, the helpless playwright who fails to revive his life for his own play. Israel is also the entrepreneur of the bankrupt soldier who is the subject of the documentary filmmaker, actors and cheat actors and the couple. They are all Israel because they are all helpless, involved or aimless, as the bomber scans the scene in search of his best target. All the characters that can do when another is reported are sex and maintaining the "degree" of the victims. <br /> <br /> There is a personal victory, proof, and perhaps revenge at the end of this play within a story within a movie but viewers will be left inimical to the State of Israel even when they are full of admiration because of the unforgettable delivery of Bozagel to the plight of a nation in telling the story of the individual .
