- A beautiful woman with a red head waiting for her plane meets a charming young man who communicates with him. When the two collide with their journey and sit next to each other, Jack becomes a murderer, threatening Lisa either to change the room where he will remain a politician and his wife, or the death of her father. Now see what happens when you travel by plane, such things never happen in the first class. <br /> <br /> - Instead of a conflict happening in the flight, the other thing that this movie shares with it is "Flightplan" is the absolute lack of credibility * if this is a word * of the story. The goal of all is to get the main character to change the room so the politician can be assassinated which is a fairly reasonable plan, but would not it be easier for Jack to find just someone who was familiar with the computer and made it break into the hotel system? Teenagers today can get close to doing anything using computers, so I'm sure it would have been easier for someone to change it using a computer instead of going through the problem of spying on Lisa and putting her in a bind that she landed in the movie. <br /> <br /> The only thing that surprised me as if it were strange was how no one in the plan heard anything they were talking about. This is a very small plane that was talking about here, and as their voices were raised sometimes it seemed to me as if the other passengers should have heard something. But I'm 100% sure I read way too much in it. The film is supposed to be realistic like Episode 24, so one can not be puzzled by these complications. Despite all my complaints, this film is still very enjoyable and accomplishes the task. Not exactly the kind that requires closing your mind, but at the same time does not require great intelligence to enjoy the full. <br /> <br /> - I like to sit here on a comfortable chair and rave about the wonderful acting in the film but I really can not. I love Rachel McAdams, I love Cillian Murphy, and I love Brian Cox, but they do not stretch their muscles by acting here. It's not a big problem because this film does not hope studios win multiple awards, and the representation is no less horrible, and not great. Wes Craven is not exactly the first thing that comes to mind when you think of a film like this, but it does a very good job considering the time they had to film and not have a depth of text. It has certainly been a huge improvement compared to the disappointing "curse" and as much as I liked it and doing something different with this film, I still like to go back to doing what it did in the past, great horror movies we talked about decades after it was released. <br /> <br /> - The nice thing about the film I truly appreciate is how short the film was. It's great to sit and watch a beautiful three-hour film or so once a while, but for now, it seems that every film comes out very long, as this film feels the right length. Not too long, too short. They do not waste time trying to develop characters too much because they know this is not the film for that, and they have made a very nice short film. Being so obsessed with big-screen music, I must say that the best part of the film is the very remarkable result of Marco Beltrami. It's really good to see Beltrami move from writing the expected things to the wonderful music he's doing now. I really do the great art / orchestral stuff that I do for the main titles. It is very unfortunate that I can not find soundtracks anywhere, I really liked listening to the titles any time I wanted instead of having to appear in the DVD when I wanted to hear it. <br /> <br /> - Overall beautiful for what it is, and although it is far from the magnificent cinema, it should still provide some leisure time for an hour and a half
