Scream was the latest decent Wes Craven movie. Since then, there has been only an intolerable series of Hollywood trash can barely good to spend a wonderful night, including the disappointment of Scrim relay. The genius and craftsmanship devoted to the film may have drained all the energy and creativity from it, even when it was time for dinner, it had nothing to do except du du. Finally, after knowing the number of bad films later, offers us a wonderful, fun and pessimistic thrill with Red Eye. <br /> <br /> Rachel McAdams once again presents an enjoyable performance as she plays a hotel manager who has an unfortunate connection with an important and regular political figure at her hotel. Then she meets Jackson Ribbner (Celian Murphy, Batman Beyond) at the airport, where she got to know a bit better after the flight delay and the Gulf breeze. What you do not know is that he already knows it. He also knows her father, who will never see him again if she does not cooperate and meet Jackson's demands - to use her connections to prepare her hotel on a regular basis for assassination. <br /> <br /> Maybe you think this is just a daily excitement complete with predictability and chase scenes. Although this film is a wonderful old, it is only his beauty. No special effects. No make-up is cheap. Classic suspense only. You feel desperate and sorry for every decision McAdams has to take and you really care about him as you cheer her every step you take to find refuge from her stifling position. <br /> <br /> As you always do entertaining and convincing performance. It's either her beautiful face or her strange ability to cry sincerely, but you seem to always sympathize with her if her role demands it. On the other hand, Cillian Murphy seems to be creeping naturally, so even if it is not revealed, his ultimate move from a charming stranger to a merciless patina is not surprising. Maybe it would be better to see a nice figure like Tobey Maguire turn into a crazy man who is relentless. However, Cillian Murphy, after proving his true identity, played the role so strongly that he really wanted to die, or at least his ass was kicked. <br /> <br /> Do not overlook this feature. There are a lot of moments of bustling blackboard and heart jumping that will keep your eyes on the screen rather than your watch as you do in the modern pictures of Craven. If you do not have it, do so at all times when you see your girlfriend or boyfriend or someone jumping from popcorn and clinging to you. Wes finally gets right. Apart from mastering his suspicious brand, Red Eye is not without its humor as Cynthia is an alternative to McAdams at the reception desk floundering to keep the hotel in order. It was comfortable that the red eye was not a disappointment. Instead, you'll feel McAdams seeing an incredibly talented performance, and Murphy looks like a creep every minute, and Craven makes classic classic excitement. The flight was postponed and would have been the beginning of the Craven renaissance if it had arrived right after Scrim.
