On a night trip from Los Angeles to Miami, Lisa Recreat (Rachel McAdams) meets with a charming man who turns out to be a hired assassin who asks for help in killing a businessman or else her father will die. <br /> <br /> Red Eye is a wonderful movie that keeps the audience on the edge of their seats. The hypothesis is similar to the cellular Booth and the phone but Red Eye is better than both films. Almost everything about Red Eye is above average including thrill, acting and direction. Most of the movie happens on board but this does not slow down the film. The film is at a very fast and exciting pace with no slow or boring places. Wes Craven does a really good job behind the camera. Instead of focusing on excitement, focus on the story and characters. The film has its share of suspicious moments, but that's not what the film really is about. I also liked the way Wes Craven focuses on other passengers and the small details that became important later. Red Eye really shows his skills in storytelling. <br /> <br /> Red Eye also works well because of its talented young crew. Rachel McAdams offers very attractive performance, and it's hard to hate her character. You may end up cheering her out loud. Cillian Murphy gives a very creepy and effective performance like a villain. The way the magician behaves at first and then turns into a particularly impressive psychic. Supporting actors are also very good including Brain Cox and Jayma Mays. <br /> <br /> The film is also very elegant and has this awful general appearance. The setup works fine because there is a clear fear of isolation and failure to escape. Overall, the tone of the film is constantly creepy. The script is not as strong as everything else though. There are some unrealistic moments that distract the viewer. Most of them did not bother me but there were a few of them who let me shake my head. Also, the end is disappointing. It's not a bad end, it's a very simple way, and the different approach was better. Since the film focuses on characters, there are really no screaming moments, just a few leaps. If you're expecting a horror film, you'll end up disappointed. In the end, Red Eye is an interesting film which is one of the best summer films. Rating 8/10
