Red Eye starts in Texas, where hotel receptionist Rachel McAdams is about to return to the last "red eye" to Miami where she lives and works. While waiting for her plane, Lisa meets up with the charming and charming Cillian Murphy, who both seem to have hit, and then, when they ride the plane, they discover that they are accidentally sitting next to each other. Jackson says he is working for someone who wants to assassinate Homeland Security Secretary Charles Keffy (Jack Scalia) and need to change his rooms in the hotel where she works. Miami. Jackson asks Lisa to contact the hotel and check it out or else her father will be killed. <br /> <br /> Directed by Wes Craven, who may be known for horror films like The Last House on the Left (1972), Nightmare on Elm Street (1984) ), The Serpent and the Rainbow (1989), The People Under the Stairs (1991) and The Scream of the Slashers slash a little, punchy, fast p erotic stunts like Red Eye, a big departure from the kind of film that Craven usually makes. Carl Ellsworth's scenario creates an amazing story of excitement. I have to admit that I really enjoyed it, in just 85 minutes of its length, it is a very fast-moving, fairly direct and economic film that focuses almost entirely on one narrow and thoughtful plot rather than going in different directions With lots of sub plots. Some may admire this way as I did while others may not like it, but I think it attracts you to the event more than ever because it comes thick and fast without slowing down the movie and giving you a chance to relax. I really loved the Red Eye plot. Surely a film like this would always have dubious moments or moments about planning, but what the hell, it's a movie made for entertainment and for me that's what he did. I really liked two main characters, Lisa became very kind, while Jackson Ribbner (a clear play on behalf of the famous Victorian murderer Jack the Ripper) is a convenient villain with a cold "I just do my job writing a mentality." Another point is that I did not think any Someone who behaved in an excessively stupid way, everyone seemed to be really human and the films presented in a relatively reasonable way. I really liked this, it's one of Craven's most recent movies. <br /> <br /> Craven turns into a strong, tense, Rhythm with an attractive actor and some good work and a gripping plot.It is definitely not loitering, as soon as i The most effective part of the film is when Ribner is held hostage on board and once the movie moves to the parents of Miami and Lisa, the house is a bit more routine but still good. For those who see the name of Wes Craven associated with Red Eye they expect a scary film to think again because there is no horror at all (although IMDb is included) "Horror" as a kind of Red Eye). I'm not sure of the end. It's good to see the villain live for change that runs counter to traditional expectations, but perhaps the patient is more likely to see Lisa kill him in some way. <br /> <br /> It is clear that DreamWorks has awarded Red Eye an initial budget of $ 44,000,000 but has reduced it to $ 25,000,000, although it is still a very good film with brilliant production values. Actually shot in Los Angeles and Florida, California. The film is supposed to be written with his wife, wife Sean Penn and Robin Wright Ben, but eventually the filmmakers chose younger threads. As I said before, Rachel McAdams is a pure eye candy and is a complete babe in this and deserves to watch the movie on its own. Oh, they offer good performance too. <br /> <br /> Red Eye is a really fast paced tension filled with little excitement that I enjoyed so much, I did not think I would enjoy it much as I did and I'm glad I decided to watch it. This definitely gets a recommendation from me & Rachel McAdams are really hot things in this ...
