I find that I enjoy this offer, but coordination needs some work. First, good attributes. I like how this offer will take us to the everyday life of the addict because the producers have the talent to make the addict show us how bad it allowed them to live. This is followed by an intervention followed by a result. Intervention does not interfere with candy, and sometimes the result (often short-term due to time constraints between imaging and transmission) is negative. This makes positive results better. <br /> <br /> Another thing I like about the display is the quality of the camera's work. Given the fact that these photographers have to press anywhere and do not benefit from re-filming of the scenes, photography is surprisingly good and stable. It's actually better than scripts like "The Shield" where photography is so bad that it can lead to nausea. <br /> <br /> Now it's bad. The loop will sometimes contain two completely different and unrelated situations that will be mixed together during playback. You'll get caught up in the story of one of the addicts, and suddenly you'll be thrown into someone else's story. We get caught up in this story and then suddenly go back to the first addict ... or you? Now you may have forgotten the status of the individual currently on the screen. This constant flipping between addicts actually gets a disturbance during the intervention scenes because the presentation will mix interventions that are totally unrelated! I once heard Marketing B.Sc. The reason for this poor design: "The presentation can become so intense that switching to another addict allows the viewer time to understand what he is seeing." I beg you. The reason for this is clearly that they have two cases that are not large enough for an hour to be mixed together. By mixing them instead of giving each block half an hour, as it should, the viewer is forced to monitor everything (and commercials) if they are interested in one situation but not the other. <br /> <br /> I used to find these "blending" episodes so annoying that I only told TiVo to record episodes that contained one addict, but then it became easier to just record them all.
