KELLS Secrets is the first amazing feature of animation that will dazzle your eyes and move your heart. The limitations of the limited film budget and limited animation are sometimes compensated more than visual poetry for Brendan's heroic youthful quest to become a major beacon during the Dark Ages. Historically, this was in the late eighth century, when the Vikings were overcoming the Irish learning centers. The Vikings appear here as savage competitors, the equivalent of the North Sea of ​​Mongol Mongols and Mongols in the East. The story of the film revolves around the conflict between Brendan, who seeks to create beauty in his illuminating dark ages, and his influential uncle, who is moving to protect the town of Kelas and his nephew with a wall looming as a barrier against Norsemen. The monastery ignores the value of the Brendan art in its quest for security. This is the external conflict of the film. Brendan's inner struggle is to find the hidden eye of creative lighting that will enable him to complete the most difficult painting in Kells's book. This eye is guarded by Dragon Ouroboros, who destroys from inside those who are certainly not fit with this endeavor like Viking will be killed without (this is the biggest part of the story I will reveal!) <br /> <br /> What I really like about this movie Is to understand creative creators of some of the greatest works of art they have lived in the West 1200 years ago. The letters are embellished in flat abstract shapes defined in line as in the original Kelas book. (It should be noted in particular that the cat of Idan monk Aidan, knowledge in a few lines, but purely --- and even magic magically variable.) The range of emotions conveyed by Brendan and other mobile characters due to their economy in abstract design is a tribute to the wonderful art Director and painter. The ornate borders on the edge of the picture change to complement the striking effect of a particular scene, and this feature is brought from the dark ages to the wonderful life of KELLS. Of course, historical drama usually tells us our own times more than the times this drama seeks to portray. However, by introducing model elements into this story, the book and director of The SECRET OF KELLS convey a tremendous sense of living from that far-off period in Ireland, which it feels is psychologically real, but the text may emerge from the historical reality of the challenger. . (A band of UN illuminations that appear as a club for scam artists in The SECRET OF KELLS) is historically improbable, but they are all well-designed and individual characters who do much to communicate the global appeal of this essence to an Irish story.) Animation has always been the best way for me to better help us To understand the visual art of different times and cultures. The artistic direction of this film is clearly derived from its historical visual source, but it has also been cleverly adapted to the requirements of storytelling; if the animation is in the dark ages, the KELLS secrets are the form it will look like! Finally, Brendan's hero quest in this film is the artist's constant quest to express the spirit of beauty, life and inspiration. (Without being a preacher or Christian in particular, this film emphasizes Jesus' saying that "man does not live by bread alone.") In my estimation, the most inspiring film about the creative process of visual artists is Andrei Tarkovsky, ANDREI RUBLEV, a film about the great Russian iconic painter In the fifteenth century. The secrets of KELLS express the same sense of mystery and joy about the artist's visual quest and creative process. Sure it is not as deep as ANDREI RUBLEV, but --- heck --- carton! (And one will attract both young and old.) I think this film will stand well for repeated performances: in its modest way of life, these are KELLS secrets designed in a classic style.
