While watching this movie, I felt frustrated and distracted, and in the end, I wanted to give the film 4 or 5 solid. I thought the animation was random and everywhere and there was a lot going on. So my A.D.D can not keep up. I felt a slight acid trip. Everything looked flat, and there was still nothing. There were lots of shapes, lines and patterns. I really wanted to stop the film halfway and smash my burned copies of this movie. But after I finished watching it, I went online to read the film, and I had to do a little research in this film before watching it. <br /> <br /> The Secret of Kells is loosely based on the real story about the original Kells book. A young boy, Brendan, is assigned the task of writing on new pages in the largest written book ever written. This book will contain information that helps "change the darkness into light." Brendan lives in Kielce village behind huge stone walls. Brendan's uncle, Abbott Kells, who is in the eighth century, tries to build the wall to keep the Viking away. Brendan insists he is helping to complete the wall, but the traveler and book keeper secretly trains Brindan to refine his skills in illustration, persuading him to complete the book and execute the word. <br /> Throughout the time I watched the movie I thought I was missing something because I did not really understand what was going on. I figured I was missing just a piece of Irish history. A simple Google search taught me all I need to know about the original Kells book. After reading many articles, my opinion changed in the film largely. <br /> <br /> The Book of Kells is a transcript of the first few books of the New Testament transmitted to Latin by the Gaelic monks of Ireland in the eighth century. Along with his paleographic and island writing, the book is also beautifully illustrated in isolated art, a form of early art known to complexity, complexity, and miniature illustrations. Many works of art are filmed in Kells's book because many of the works of art were at that time, and the flat and the dimensions were challenged without perspective. But what Kells makes out from other early art pieces is that he uses many colors. <br /> <br /> The Secret of Kells is very colorful. I originally thought that the animation was flat and dull. I am reminded of a lot of Samurai Jack cartoons that had a flat, "honest" look. Once you've learned about the techniques of Kells's book, it is clear that many of the book styles mimic the film. There are lines, whirlpools and various shapes that live in Brendan's mind. Whenever he goes to his imagination, circular shapes that resemble the sun, gear, clocks and wheels begin to fill the screen. The edges of the screen become framed by triangles or moving circles. The transitions are filled with color, Celtic holding. From trees to floors, many things in this world are covered with shapes or patterns. <br /> <br /> Climbing in 70 minutes minus credits, The Secret of Kells is a small and fun lesson for history with a silly little adventure thrown to keep people (perhaps only children) interested. I think one has to be generally open to The Secret of Kells as a half-artist, half a film about history. Although it looks animated with Adobe Illustrator, it's a very nice movie. But based on the 20 films submitted for the Oscar study, I do not think it was worth mentioning on Mary and Max. <br /> <br /> ThatWasJunk.Blogspot.com
