By 1945, after a series of hard propaganda pieces in World War II, Errol Flynn's comment on the US box office began, despite the growing burden of diminishing appearances, began with a series of films of this kind that had earlier been named: The Lover. The first of these things was really good - the adventures of Don Juan (1948) - but they also proved to be the last Hollywood car with a huge budget. He spent the rest of his days wandering around Europe: in England to Kim (1950), Master in Blantray (1953) and The DARK AVENGER (1955) in France for the adventures of Captain Fabian (1951) ) And Cross Swords (1954). However, Hollywood has recently invited him to his old ways of navigation - despite getting a global image with a modest budget rather than the production of the Warner Brothers "A" he used to when he peaked ... <br /> <br> However, the glorious cinematic technicolor jumps off the screen here, and while old and weak Fleen may seem like a pale shadow of his former self, the red-headed lady of Maureen O'Hara enjoys a field day as the leader of the Buchanan steamer. Who deeply craves romance and wants to be treated like a lady. Anthony Quinn was still a few years away from his car with older tournaments, so here is usually seen as the beggar - the pirate captain Rock Brazilian, a role that attacks him enthusiastically. Like the black SHIELD OF FALWORTH (1954) - which preceded this show - against all the flags, it brings me back to my favorite childhood days of constant TV watching when the old Hollywood movies were arranged today on both local and Italian movies nearby channels. <br /> <br /> As far as I know, this may be the first pirate film I've ever seen, and I'm floundering in the thought of the current generation of young people who think that the extra-ordinary CARIBBEAN is all about! As I said earlier, it may not be against all the best floral yarns brought on the screen, but it is a strong example of this prolific genre. At present, the mysterious insistence of the baby-like Indian princess Alice Kelly on her pirate's flute may prove to be a terrible blow, but the rest - although SEA HAWK (1940) and BLACK SWAN (1942), for example, Navy for their respective stars - fast paced and reasonably attractive. By the way, the film will later appear again as the King's Disc (1967) with Doug McClure! <br /> <br /> For what he deserves, the unprecedented success at the box office of this modern, unappetizing franchise is likely to prompt reluctant film studios to dispose of their catalog titles and publish them on DVDs, The reality, against all the flags themselves, was the only jewel in the badly thought-out "Pirates of the Golden Age Movie" set from Universal, which also consisted of mysterious slag like BUCCANEER'S GIRL (1950; Yvonne De Carlo) DOULE CROSSBONES (1951; with Donald O'Connor) and YANKEE BUCCANEER (1952; with Jeff Chandler)! However, if I was shocked by the mood in the future, I would like to put my hand on similar marine adventures such as MUTINY's Edward Demetik (1952), mentioned above YANKEE BUCCANEER and Pirates of TORTUGA (1961).
