There is a time theory that assumes that all the moments that existed and will still exist at the moment. It is best to wrap around you, but you may feel comfortable for those who want to return to a simpler place and time. For Barbara Jean Trenton (Ida Lobino), it was twenty-five years ago, in the mid-1930s when her youth and luster bore the greatest promise. For my part, if you can travel through time, it will return to the 1950s when you grew up. Probably to a place like Willoughby, but this is another episode. <br /> <br /> There is something that will not be very distinctive in 1959, it involves dealing with all those infamous machines just to see a ring of the Twilight Zone. How many rollers do you think it will take to classify the entire string, then find a particular story you want to watch? I think you should think about bargains and convenience for simplicity, get it now or spend time to store it in the exact place where the story begins. The CD featured its advantages. <br /> <br /> I am a little surprised that Rod Searling will discuss a story very similar to Sunset Boulevard. Ida Lubinu's portrait of Norma Desmond was portrayed more closely than an original concept. Martin Balsam depicts a character very much like Eric von Strohim, where the husband has turned into an unquestionable servant. Where the story overlaps with the way Danny (Balsam) and Sal (Ted de Corsia) challenge Barbara Jean to get the reality and clean up spider webs that paralyze her presence. <br /> <br /> Fortunately for us viewers, Ida Lupino did not have any reservations on taking portions that were not great, but they were nice. It's a real experience to watch any episode of the Twilight Zone and see who's emerging from the last days. Sometimes you get two, as happened here with Lupino and Balsam, the celebrities who made their fingerprints sometimes before starting the series, and sometimes after that. In conjunction with the stories produced by the program, it is not surprising that they are still able to entertain well today.
