After hitting the audience with three completely different episodes away from the bat, Sirling continued to introduce viewers to the Twilight Zone in a very odd way by scheduling one of the largest farmer series as a fourth episode. The Sixteen-Millimeter Shrine is one of the most important episodes, focusing on the inability of an old film star to overcome changing times and introduce a supernatural element in the last minutes only. Because of this approach, the episode is still tentative at first, but subsequent scenes reveal that it is a short, elegant and beautifully written story. <br /> <br /> Both threads, Ida Lubino as Barbara Jean Trent and Martin Balsam her frustrated but caring agent, starred in her performance. The main problem in this episode is that the footage of the 25-year-old actress and actress is unconvincing. Lobino looks identical when you play Trent as small as you do when you play Trent in middle age and this dramatically reduces the tragedy of the situation. Luckily, Lubino is acting in her stockings to convince us of her desperation to go back to the past. It is a position most people sympathize with, yet Trent is far from sympathetic. It is Prima Donna, who thinks only of feelings around her, like the co-star, who is covered by the catastrophe that hides it unambiguously because he reminds her of when she was the days of her glory. It is somewhat surprising, then, to be rewarded with a happy ending. It is clear what will happen from the moment we see the huge display and be cleverly anticipated in the opening moments when Trent frightens her servant by stepping out from behind the screen. But it is not clear at first whether owning the projector will prove a reward or a hard lesson in assessing what we have and what we are living at the moment. As it turns out, Trent is allowed to return to the past she longed for, in a testament to how powerful people think of wishful thinking. <br /> <br /> The Sixteen-Millimeter Mausoleum improves with each view. The highest degrees of writing and representation unite to create a short play of immense power that reflects the human nature of the past, although we can not return. Except in the twilight zone.
