The thief at night is an excellent fictional account of the weeks preceding RAPTURE and the weeks following this pivotal event. <br /> <br /> I completely enjoyed the production values ​​and content values ​​of this independent Christian film. <br /> <br /> Production values. Hello, it's an independent film, with a budget string of shoes, so it will look pretty smirk (if the level of Hollywood movies is A-list). But, compared to other independent films, this film is perfectly acceptable. The most important representation of style, fashion and music is the narrative itself. Is the story convincing? Do dramatic moments work? Does the story's path depend on a satisfactory climax? The answer to all these questions is "yes" unconditional. As a side note, the really important technical things - continuity, sound and lighting - are good. The viewer can watch the show without distracting him from filthy craftsmanship. <br /> <br /> CONTENT VALUE. Great movie message. When you think about the number of ideas developed by the filmmaker within a short period of 69 minutes, you start with a technical assessment. It presents the message of salvation, the consequences of disbelief, the danger of retreat, the reality of rapture, the threat of a diabolical government dominating the world with enlightenment and imagination, and more importantly for an evangelical film of the accuracy of the Bible. <br /> <br /> The movie maker is a good narrator. For example, the message of salvation develops in two important ways: (1) shows us through action the truth of the sacrifice of Jesus Christ for us. This is achieved in a sub-scheme where the zoo keeper is slightly because of a poisonous snake and almost dies. The only treatment is the blood of a person immunized by poison venom. The venom is like sin. The treatment is like the blood of Christ, shed on the cross. (2) The director also develops the message of salvation through dialogue. He has different personalities who explain the truth about human sin and the need for salvation through faith in Christ. So, the filmmaker uses both motion and dialogue to tell his story. <br /> <br /> As a side note, the fact that the film produced by evangelical Christians actually contains dialogue and scenes conveying a clearly defined message of salvation, a couch in evangelical Christian language clearly, images, and theology is also perfectly acceptable. Criticizing this film for being an outspoken Christian is ridiculous. It is closer to criticizing Nike's promotion of sports apparel. What can Christian evangelical filmmakers make, if not a film that mentions their cause? Also, the fact that the filmmaker uses the idea that the unbelievers will leave behind in a world without inspiration, once again, is quite acceptable. The filmmaker uses the dramatic potential of that idea admirably. How do I know? I heard about a thief in the night of a woman who saw the show in 1974; still lived in her memory thirty years later. How many movies can you say? Everywhere, the presentation is fun and thought-provoking. I plan to show it to my teenage group in the church.
