Elvira Mistress Of The Dark (1988): Cassandra Peterson, Daniel Green, William Morgan Sheppard, Susan Kellerman, Eddie McLough, Jeff Connaughly, Phil Rubinstein, Larry Flash Jenkins, Tris McNeill, Damita Joe Freeman, Mario Celario, William Dance, Charles Wolf , Sharon Hays, Bill Cable, Joseph Arias, Scott Morris, Era Hayden, Frank Collison, Lynne Marie Stewart, Mary Sullivan, Jack Fletcher, Robert Benedetti, Kate Brown, Hugh Jilin, Yves Smith, Raleigh Bond, Red Scott, James Hogan, Derek Givens ... Director James Sienorelli ... Screenplay Sam Egan, John Paragon. <br /> <br /> Elvira, the Dark Lady's mistress, had a TV icon in her 80s that was showing late at night on the cable. Hosted and provided classic American horror films, many of them in the camp, while offering their own pranks and comic notes. Actress Cassandra Peterson has so far been haunted by this success. In 1988, her first film was released. She plays herself, she is stuck in hosting monster movie shows but she longs for her own show in Las Vegas and makes big money. Her agent Mani proves disappointed. It was not long before she inherited a palace from a deceased relative, a pet dog and a recipe book. She comes to claim her legacy in a small town in Nevada - she was on her way to Vegas and lost - and soon raised things in a community of sedatives. The conservative mayor of the town, Chastity Bare (Eddie Maclurg), soon sees it as a threat to the values ​​and values ​​of the small town. She soon draws her wise personality and winning personality to the city's youth. It is located in Bob Redding (Daniel Green), a skilled worker / carpenter in the city, but before any real relationship of prosperity can find itself in great trouble. Vincent Talbot (William Morgan Sheppard), a strange old man who is also due to inherit part of the wealth of the nearby Elvira, is actually an old magician with a personal vendetta against the aunt of Elvira and Elvira herself. He realizes that the so-called "book of recipes" is actually a book of powerful magic, a force he wishes to claim for himself. He plans to bring Elvira down by making the city burn them to the test. How will Elvira get out of this one? The film was not a real success at the box office, attracting a crowd of young people who are often familiar with the Elvira show on cable. The truth to be told, this is a funny film and a good feeling. The script is full of all kinds of jokes, some bad, some good, lots of sexual innuendo, visual jokes and total enthusiasm, the last funny scene in which Elvira finally got her own tape show in Vegas. This film is a kind of classic ritual that serves the fans of Elvira. You can not enjoy this movie in any other way. It is also a look at the culture of "pop music" in the eighties. Elvira was an icon in the 1980s such as A, Vicki The Robot, Hulk Hogan, Mr. T and Madonna.
