Since the beginning of her career in the 1970s, and throughout the 1980s, Elvira (Cassandra Peterson) has grown to become a modest icon and a true cult figure in the world of horror films and brutal films. While Ms. Peterson played many supporting roles in animation, covering a wide range of species, her television personality Elvira made her more famous. Part of her charm? Respect of the fans? Lies in the fact that she did not turn her back on the kind of horror that made her famous (unlike many other actors and actresses who like to get away from their "early" work). I've only seen parts of her TV shows, but her big role in the recent tribute song "The Mistress of Darkness" really encouraged me to check out more. There was one thing that was already clear to me long before this music video: Over the years, Elvira became a force to influence itself by the mid-1980s. <br /> <br /> In 1988, after films such as "Fright Night" and "TerrorVision" included her honor and deception in her television work, it finally happened: "Elvira, Mistress of the Dark", the movie. Now, you've watched his video already on VHS rental days, but it took me until last week to finally see the actual movie. A few years ago, I was able to watch "Elvira's Haunted Hills" (made in 2001), but for some reason it was not so impressive. Was it really forgotten, or should I give it another hour? In fact, I'm really seeing it again now, because the first Elvira film of 1988 really convinced me. Although this may be partly responsible for the work of this film, Sam Egan and John Paragon may be their contributions to the scenario, but there is no way to deny it: Cassandra Peterson has a great sense of comedy (she also participated in screenwriting). <br /> <br /> When Elvira learns that she is one of the great aunt's beneficiaries (she has never heard of), she takes them as a long-cherished opportunity to start her own program in Las Vegas. In order to claim her rightful money, she travels to the quiet city of New England. But the people of the town of Falwell are taking him. In less than one time, I was able to shock and insult all the prominent population of the small conservative town by its provocative (often unintentionally) behavior. To make matters worse, her legacy was not what she expected: a dilapidated palace, a cookbook and a poodle. But what you do not know, and his evil uncle Vincent Albott, is that her great aunt was charming, and the cookbook contains recipes to fabricate the most glorious dark powers imaginable. If you have not closed the movie yet by the time Elvira has prepared her first recipe book, then rest assured, you will sit on this journey with a smile on your face. <br /> <br /> It is amazing how the written text with the jokey jokes, the leading serials, the film reviewers, the jokes, and the tasting tastings of the marriage also managed to tell a coherent story. Simple, of course, but coherent. While other films, which rely heavily on geek-like situations, often make you abandon the story altogether (such as "Naked Gun", for example), this film does not. Many comedy horror films were produced during the 1980s, but not many of them actually worked. Not to mention a parody of horror that does not run off at some point ("the killer's party", although I am grateful that this person will be in college at the end) or becomes very boring ("Saturday 14"). Although "Elvira" is more a comedy of horror, it does not lose track of what it is doing, and is constantly evolving towards a rather gruesome conclusion, complemented by a supernatural confrontation in the streets of Falwell between Elwira witch and the charming wizard Talbot. Including a real witch hunt from God to God and Elvira's moment of combustion. <br /> <br /> Tell you that there is no power in hell that can make this movie unfamiliar. She was among the first laughs she got during the opening credits, when Daniel Green appeared. Daniel who? Oh yes, I got to know his name (and later on his coarse, anonymous face). How can one not forget Daniel Green as soon as you see ... "Atomic Cyborg aka Fists of Steel"! But if you do not see Atomic Cyborg, I'm sorry, but you will not be able to laugh at him in that face. In a side note: I could not imagine that Elvira was looking at this cold atmosphere while I was ignorant of a gas station. Even Robert Rodriguez could not have made that shot look better.
