"Why did they make it so big? Why did not they give the money to the poor?" A question about the cathedrals was asked by Mr. Harvey's student during a field trip to Salisbury Cathedral. "This is a good question," he said. "Partly for their inspiration - to get them to look for awe." I'm not sure that cathedrals have an impact on everyone, but this film certainly had that effect on me. It was awesome! <br /> <br /> It did not start that way. For a while it seemed more than just a photograph of a field trip to Salisbury Cathedral. If you are ever on a field trip in high school to anywhere, this is the foundation. You have a group of very uninterested children just happy to get out of school for a day, the bus driver whose madness was driven by some teachers who are trying hard to keep him under control. There was, I did, I got the shirt and it was my initial reaction. I thought that in the end it would be a model story for a teacher who succeeds in inspiring a group of students who are not interested. Yawning! But it turns out that much more! Timothy Spall was as wonderful as Mr. Harvey - a gloomy teacher who does not smile with the strange charm of cathedrals. During the film, his story slowly emerges and becomes the focal point of the story. We have also known some troubled students - most notably Helen, as played brilliantly by Natalie Bryce, who has distorted herself. <br /> <br /> This is not a religious film, but it contains some strong ideas on religious themes. When Harvey Jonathan's colleague Ben Miles says, "I do not care what anyone thinks so long as they are not trying to impose it on anyone else." Harvey responds, "This is not tolerance - it's indifference!" - which is, in fact (in my opinion) what happens mostly to religious tolerance in our society. There are scenes of reconciliation between different characters, and the last scene of the film was wonderful. As Harvey climbs back onto the bus, Director Suzanna White slowly takes the camera up, the last picture being just a sky - you hear again Harvey's comment that the purpose of the cathedral is to make people look for awe. The cathedral achieves its purpose. We look at the universe in awe, looking for something bigger than ourselves, but we choose to define it. This film is very strong and very inspiring. 9/10
