Match 1 Tag Team Match started off with Bupa Ray and Spike Dudley vs Eddie Guerrero and Chris Benoit Bubba Ray and Spike Dudley started off the bench with a team tag Tag Table Match against Eddie Guerrero and Chris Benoit. According to the rules of the match, both competitors have to go to the tables in order to win. Benoit and Guerrero were warmed up early by the first Spike beats and then Bubba Rai. A German Subx of Benoit for Bubba took the wind out of Dudley's brother. Spike tried to help his brother, but the referee caught him while Benoit and Guerrero tackled him in the corner. With Benoit trampling on Bubba, Guerrero set up a table abroad. The spike sprang up in the ring and moved through the upper rope to Guerrero from the outside! After healing and taking care of Spike, Guerrero slipped on a table in the ring and helped Wolverine prepare it. Then the tandem of the double supertex was prepared from the middle rope that would put Bupa on the table, but Spike took the table on the right before his brother collapsed! Guerrero and Bennett supported another table in the corner and the Irishman whipped Spike through it, but Bubba split and closed his brother. Buba caught fire and lifted all of the opponents in the back body drops! He criticized Bupa Guerrero and Spike as they ran over Wolverine from outside the top rope. Bupa held the Benoit in the bay for a spike hike in Wassup! bunt! Shortly after, Benoit closed Spike's Crossface, but the match continued even after Spike's exploitation. Bupa came to save his brother and managed to stretch the table at a table. Bupa jumped from the middle rope, but they built a move and sent Bubba crashed through the wood! But because his opponents did not force him out of the table, Bubba was allowed to stay in the game. The first man was discarded soon after, as Spike Eddie put a table with Dudley Dogg from the ring yard to the outside! Put Spike through moments later until the score. Within seconds, Bubba named Bubba Bomb that Benoit placed through a table and awarded the Dudleys a win! Winner: Bubba Ray and Spike Dudley <br /> <br /> Match 2: Cruiserweight, Jimmy Noble, and Billy Kidman, Billy Kidman challenged Jimmy Noble, who brought Nidia to the ring, for the Cruiserweight Championship. Noble and Kidman were locked and dropped onto the ring, but raced back inside and wrestled some more. When Kidman foiled all Noble moves, Noble ran out of the ring, where Nadia gave him some encouragement. The fighting spread outside the ring and Nobel threw his girlfriend into the rival. Kidman was tossed aside by Nadia but was lowered with a modified arm rod. Noble continued to attack Kidman's injured arm in the ring. Kidman's injured injury hampered his crime, but he continued to fight vigorously. Noble tried to put Kidman away with the powerbomb but the rival faced in the face. Kidman went to finish things with Shooting Star Press, but Noble preferred to try. Kidman went to Shooting Star Press again, but this time Noble crossed the path of harm. Noble turned to Kidman in an electric bomb explosion shortly after and got a pin to keep the WWE Cruiserweight Championship! Winner: Jimmy Noble <br /> <br /> Match 3: European Championship William Regal vs. Jeff Hardy William Regal and Geoff Hardy took part in an attempt to regain the European Championship. Jeff the king catapult on the upper rope then took him down with the hurracanrana off the ring yard. Back in the ring, Jeff hit the whisper in the wind to hit Regal for a ring. Jeff went to the Swanton bomb, but Regal got on his knees to hit Jeff with a devastating bullet. Jeff managed to surprise Regal through a quick set and got the pin to keep the European Championship! Regal began to play with a hardy view of his way back up the ramp. Winner: Jeff Hardy <br /> <br /> Match 4: Chris Jericho vs. John Cena Chris Jericho promised to end John Cena's career in their revenge game, which came after that. Jericho tried to teach Cena a lesson where their match began to hinder him on a mat. Jericho continued knocking Cena around the ring so he got his best delight from him. While on the upper rope, Jericho began to roam and allowed Cena to catch him for the superplex! Followed by Cena with a slippery knockdown but dropped down by another villain to the intestines. The rookie recovered and hit the stomach for abdominal injury but could not put Y2J away. Jericho was launched in Lionsault but Cena evaded the move. Jericho nailed the Bulldog and then connected it to Lionsault, but did not go for cover. Cena left on his feet so he could wear the walls of Jericho. Cena had other ideas, and reverse move to pin try and get 1-2-3! Jericho went berserk after the game. Winner: John Cena <br /> <br /> Match 5: Intercontinental Rv vs Brock Lesnar by following the next major qualification and pay per view combined with the Intercontinental Championship on line. Brock took the title from the ref and wrapped it on his shoulder for a moment while he shouted at the RVD. Speed ​​Van Dam gave Brock's speed early. The big man came out of the ring and kicked out the steel steps of frustration. Brock withdrew himself and began to take charge. When Paul Heyman was smiling at the ring side, Brock blasted the RVD on the hard floor outside the ring. From there, Brock began to overcome the RVD, and easily tossed it on the upper cord. RVD landed painfully on the back, and suffered a cracking of its spine against the steel ring steps. The battle returned to the ring with the pressure on the RVD Brock around the ribs. RVD broke away and soon tied Brooke with a kick to the temple. RVD followed the Rolling Thunder but Brock managed to get out after two hours. The battle seemed to end soon because the RVD went to get the Frog Splash five stars. Brock, lifting Van Dam onto his shoulder and went to the F-5, but RVD hit Brock to DDT and was followed by Frog Splash! Gone for a pin, but Heyman pull the ref off the ring! The ref immediately called for the disembarkation and soon trading blows with Heyman! After that, RVD jumped to Brock from the upper rope and then threatened to hit Van Terminator! Heman grabbed the RVD leg and picked up Brooke's heroes and this time tied up with the F-5 on a steel chair! Winner: RVD <br /> <br /> Match 6: Poker T vs Big Show Booker T faced the big show one by one. View Poker T's designed kicks, punches and poker slips in the corner. After being thrown out of the ring, Booker picked up a chair on the side of the ringings, but Big Show installed it in the face of Booker. Try Poker back to the game by choking with the camera cable in the ringside. He broke a TV screen from the Spanish broadcasters' website in the skull of the show, then threw a scissors kick that put both men on the table! Poker pushed back into the ring and set off the big show in later moments. The show grabbed the throat poker but was dealt a low blow and a kick in the face. The Upper Lobster Poker and the Smoothed Leg Leg Succeeded to get the pin! Winner: Poker T <br /> <br /> Announcement: Triple H entered the ring to a loud applause where fans were hoping to know where the game would end in competition. Before he spoke, Eric Bischoff stopped The Game to apologize for getting involved in his personal work. If Triple H hits RAW, Bischoff has promised that his personal life will never appear again. Bischoff said he spent the past two years communicating with Hollywood. He said everyone was looking for the next WWE superstar break, and they were all talking about Triple H. Bischoff ensures that if Triple H hits RAW, he gets the best chances on his way. Stephanie McMahon went out to issue her own pitch. She said that because of her personal history with Triple H, the two know each other well. She said the two could not be stopped once and could be back. Bischoff cut her off and begged her to stop. Stephanie cited Triple H as telling her once how Bischoff said Triple H had neither talent nor charisma. Bischoff said he was young at the time and did not know what he had, but he still had much more experience than Stephanie. The two continued to bicker back and forth, until Triple H mounted a microphone. The game said it would be easy to say "fight" to either. Triple H went to shake hands with Pedshov, but pulled them away. He preferred to go with the devil he knew, rather than the devil he did not know. Before he could go any further, Shawn Michaels came out to shake things up. HBK said the last thing he wanted to do was cause any problem. He did not want to get involved, but remembered his pledge to bring Triple H to nWo. HBK said that there is no one in the world that Triple H is his best friend. HBK told his friend to imagine the two together again, making Bischoff's life alive. Triple H was a tempting offer. Then I turned and hugged the HBK, making his official switch to RAW! Triple H and HBK left, and Beshov was defeated. Bischoff said the difference between them was that he got two testicles and she did not. Stephanie Bischoff hit the side of the head and left! <br /> <br /> Match 7 Match Card Match between Christian and Lance Storm vs Hollywood Hogan and Edge. The match began with "United States" chants and Bhojan Chofeng Christian through the ropes and out of the ring. The Canadians took over from there. But Edge scored a kick on Christian's head and laid a blow on the storm to get the Hogan mark. Hogan started to climb and quickly grabbed Christian with a big shoe and a leg leg! The storm broke the count and threw Christian Hogan out of the ring where the storm shattered the icon. Edge was flagged shortly after and both ends fell. They both threw in the corner guys, but missed the spear on Strom and hit the ref firmly instead. The edge of the nailed DDT, but the ref was down and unreliable. Raster the test down and take down Hogan then tie the edge with the shoe. The storm tried to get a pin, but EDGE expelled after two. Riksihi ran to repel the test, allowing Edge to retrieve the spear and storm. Christian distracts referee, and Y2J choppy in the race with Edge Team! The storm turned over and got pin pin to win the title! Winners and Champions New Tag Team: Christian and Lance Storm <br /> <br /> Match 8: WWE Championships Unquestionably for Triple Threat Match. Rock vs Kurt Angle won the WWF of three of the most successful WWE stars against each other in a threatening triple play with an undisputed championship suspension. Taker and the Rock got a face-to-face with Kurt Angle, who drew some attention to the side. He got attention in the form of hitting down the other two legs. Soon after, Taker poured out of the ring and rock a brawl with a corner. Angle gave a series of suplexes that dropped Rock, but Great One faced the DDT which he managed to count. The battle continued outside the ring with the appearance of Taker and tied to the corner of the Apparel and Rock shock repeatedly. Taker and Rock came back into the ring and dropped the Taker The Rock with a blow from the pier to get a count. The rock rebounded, and Taker grabbed his throat and chokeslammed him! Angle broke the pin attempt that would likely give The Rock the title. The rock responded by closing the ankle lock to Kurt Court. Reverse the angle of the move and rock down the hero of the people. Soon after, the rock was removed from the corner and the people's elbow was hit on the Undertaker. Angle tried to benefit from disabling Great One off the ring and covering the Taker, which was expelled after a two count. Outside the ring, Rock took a large rock from a nearby water flask and threw the liquid into the Taker's face to mask the hero. Taker did not remain disabled for a long time and managed to overcome Rock and turn his attention to Angle. Taker landed the guillotine drop on the corner, lying on the arena of the ring. The rock picked itself up in time to disassemble the pin attempt on Kurt Angle. Named Taker Rock with a DDT and promising it on Chokeslam. ANGLE tried to sneak out using a steel chair, but Taker took over this trifle and stole it from his hands. The referee was caught in the ensuing fire and Angle was not seen knocking a fucking Taker with a steel chair. Angle went to cover the Taker because The Rock was prone, but the dead man did his shoulder somehow. Angle tried to install Rock, but he also expelled. The rock got up and the angle landed in the cannons! Angle seemed to be about to take advantage, but Taker drove the Rock out of submission. Taker chose Rock Up and broke it with Last Ride. While the dead man covered him to win, Angle triumphed and moved to Taker's ankle lock! Taker went raving with pain, but managed to face. Angle picked up a round, but Angle placed a triangle on the throttle! It seemed as if Taker was about to miss, but The Rock did not succeed in breaking Angle until he found himself stuck in the ankle lock. Rock came out of his place and watched Taker chokeslam Angle. Rocky hit the Rock Bottom, but Taker refused to get off and was expelled. The corner was spotted by Angle Slam but Rock Rocked by Great One was suspended! Winner and new WWE champion: Rock <br /> <br /> ~ Finally, there is a decent PPV file! Recently, the PPV was not very good, but this was a winner. Give this PPV a- <br /> <br />
