Many people know how to feel when they lose a loved one. Pain, sadness and sorrow can not be unbearable. However, sometimes the memories they leave behind are the ones that evoke the most sad feelings. This theme is beautifully filmed in the short film "Tulip", directed by Australian actress Rachel Griffith. The film is described as "as much about memories as it is about love," a series of sensations and emotion intertwined with experience in this remarkable 15-minute film. A warm story of the heart about a man's journey to cope with the loss of his wife through the relationship he shares with a very distinctive animal, "Tulip". The film begins with dawn, chirping of birds and vast landscapes, introducing a sense of rustic harmony found throughout the film. Play quiet music, marking the entrance of Ruth (Jean-Ben). She was wearing a flowered dress with a sun hat on her head. She gently gives birth to pets, fondling her ears and tearing her back. The home furnishing is impressive and attention to detail is trustworthy (a vase of daisies can be seen on the bench), reflecting a quiet rural community. (Charles "Buds" Tingwell) will salute Ruth as she boils milk from Aquarius. They pour milk and coffee together, a sign of companionship and teamwork. Do not say a word but it is clear that her relationship is close and loving. They paint an ideal picture of happiness. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, happiness does not last forever. Ruth's tragedy affects the will deeply. An effective scene of the cars shows the faintness of Will's isolation and his weaknesses at the end of the funeral day. He soon drowns in depression and becomes oblivious to his surroundings when everything seems desperate and lost. In the moment of Will's despair, Tulip becomes a symbol of Ruth, the true commandment that binds him to his late wife. Through Tulip, Will will learn to deal with Ruth's absence and overcome feelings of loneliness. <br /> <br /> Each character is portrayed in a realistic and consistent way, especially the Will part. Charles "Buds" Tingwell brings personal to life through personal investment. The recent loss of his wife (Audrey Tingwell) is reflected in his actions. Every sag of his shoulder and every frown on his forehead makes the viewer strongly sympathize with the character. The personality of Ruth is performed beautifully by Jean Payne. Although Ruth does not say a single word during the film, her sweet character and her lovely relationship with Will are clear. Luis Ramsay and Katie Edwards play well in supporting roles like friendly Margaret and Mary. They also add a hidden teaser to a bittersweet story. <br /> <br /> A tale of Griffith's childhood, the story of loss and discovery is captured significantly in Tulip. This film, which was beautifully filmed and acted in a wonderful way, will certainly make you misty or victorious or feel like you drink a glass of milk.
