Most successful comic book movies usually rely on having bigger villains of life, ready to jump off the screen and choke you with a smile or a zigzag or two of the dialog box. Tim Burton Batmans owned it, as did City City (in a more horrific way). With Dick / Tracey producer / director / star Warren Betty piles on the bad guys until he becomes part of the frame. Such as the bustling salute of gang pictures in the 1930s - this time for children only instead of the dark Bonnie and Clyde - Dick Tracy is filled with joy, in its original forms and bright basic colors, where criminals carry Tommy guns and form a face to form their characters. The bad guys like The Stooge, The Shoulders, The Lips, The Brow, Mumbles, The Blank, Pruneface, Spud. Chester Gould gave names to his characters that fit their profile, and gave his hero a jug that could cut the glass. The film represents a continuation of the vision traits that are taken very seriously. <br /> <br /> If films such as Batman and Teenage Mutant Ninant Turtle Ninja Turtle were at the time a darker picture of reality in a comic book, Dick Tracy is more than the old school. It is the story of cops and fraudsters, or rather a policeman, Tracy's investigator, who is trying to rape Big Boy (Al Pacino, in what can be said to be his great performance so far, in the sense of his lavish style), but with no such luck. There is also a toddler, simply called the child (Charlie Korsmo, who somehow brings courage to this little child more than I imagined), Tracy's interest in love in Tess. Then there is a "nightclub" (Madonna, who may not perform any kind of great acting performance, but may well fit the role, and she sings in excellent contact), who will not testify unless Tracy recognizes his feelings. Have it. Then there are complex transactions with Tracy cut, a mysterious masked character with a terrible voice. <br /> <br /> At the same time, as if there is a representation of Howard Hawks in a set of visual effects and bigger bangs, Dick adds Tracy to the waking comedy and gestures, like moving in a long drink of pancakes. It is amazing to look at this world, which was created in ways characterized by its charm that was done today, simply by a computer agent (eg Sin City, which can be justifiedly compared with Betty movie). We move in this world through great big shots and then slide in the line of the plot, or anything else, into a large editing montage at the corners of the camera that seems to come out of those small slant paintings in old comics. I have almost remembered Cotton Club during these sequences, as the stories, music, details, some big punches and shots go a long way to reveal what to say, which is actually nothing more than needs. There is a wide range of attractive dialog from the script (one of my favorites: "My enemy is my enemy ... my enemy", plus any of Pacino's references to other characters in quotation marks). <br /> <br /> Reviewing this after seeing it for the first time in the movie theater (and remembering only the small parts), Dick Tracy is an extremely poignant fantasy. It is full of good cheer for the children, and with some good square action away from some of the evil intentions of his cousin's comic book films (like PG-13 fare). For adults, adult backdating is concentrated. Panic and strong sense of non-subtle. Even Dustin Hoffman yells, barely say an audible word!
