The opening credits represent a wonderful piece of successful entertainment filled with small references to the comic strip. All the good people are good, all bad guys are bad, and the film is full of mixed up with familiar personal actors covered with horrible makeup to maximize their characteristics. <br /> <br /> Warren Beatty, as you have Tracy, is a tough, tough, straight man, incorruptible, and usually calm, always better than the other guy, rarely pushing the maximum of legitimacy. Al Pacino, where Caprice "Big Boy" steals every scene as a gangster supported by some of the bands that were not named in the 1930s. Madonna plays the kind of person she might play better, Brithalis Mahoney, a nightclub singer and Vatil Vamil with her own small program. Glenn Headley is a self-proclaimed, long-standing Tracy. Then there is The Kid, a funny little hedgehog in the street Tracy receives, who designs himself after his alternate father, and saves Tracy when the investigator accepts his fate by blowing him up. <br /> <br /> Who is who of the actors are personal. Charles Derning is the police chief. Dick Van Dyck is a county attorney, who was sprayed by Big Boys to keep him on the streets. Dustin Hoffman has a comic twist like Mumbles, an indestructible bug so that the police can not put a head or tail on what he says. R.G. Armstrong is a Pruneface, one of Big Boy's rival gangs who forms a special loyalty in order to create a network of crimes spread throughout the entire city. Mandy Patinkin is 88 Keys, a pianist at the Breathless Show. Paul Sorfino plays Lips Manlis, the former beneficiary of Breathless until Big Boy gives him "The Bath". James was wearing relatively little make-up in his performance as the only gangster who would not agree to Grand Big Boy's plan. William Forsythe and Ed O'Ross are Big Boy, Flattop, and Itchy. <br /> <br /> This movie retains all the strips of the comic strip, and it is full of vibrant colors. Almost all suits are placed in blues, greens, yellow and red. All the rainbow colors are found in this movie - then some! The non-glossy panels that are being used really realize that this world is two-dimensional, only works in three-dimensional collections. Humor is plentiful. Al Pacino fills his personality shoe like any other character he has played before or since. Big Boy is a kind of madness and a kind of self-pity. He is an eccentric man who prides himself on transferring the fathers of his founders and likening himself to senior political leaders. The man with the plan, always looking for the smartest way to do business.
