Sometime in the late 19th century, somewhere in the American West, there are many cowboys who need money catching buffalo. The group leader believes the buffalo is too much to have any effect, but the more experienced fisherman has seen how rapidly the population is collapsing, and he is not sure. The Buffalo flocks, which live in South Dakota and offer a film of actual hunting (which explains the introduction to the film that it is a necessary thinning for the herd), does an excellent job in providing us with the buffalo plight and its impact on Native Americans without ever preaching about it. <br /> <br /> The real story, however, revolves around a dysfunctional family created by a small group formed to fish. The character of the father is Charlie, a violent man with a short fuse. Sandy, his "brother", is an experienced fisherman who is tired of killing but needs a job after losing his livestock. A half-Indian boy, hating the fact that he looks like a full Caucasian, takes on the role of adoptive son. The grandfather (and the moral compass) is an alcoholic buffalo hyacinth. Charlie's wife is an Indian woman who killed his companions after they stole his horses. <br /> <br /> Obviously Charlie is the most interesting character. He means and humiliates everyone around him, but at the same time knows that they are the only family and friends he has. He expects abducted Indian women to hate him, then accept him, but he does not know how to act when she refuses to do so either. He is the person who brought the family together in the first place, but he is also the person destined to destroy him in the end. <br /> <br /> All this is very similar to the classic "Red River", which also features a family of species torn by an increasingly violent father character and isolation. As one might expect, this film suffers from comparison. The plot does not focus on character development and family dynamics, and the trend fails to keep all scenes working towards this common goal. Charlie is so undesirable from the beginning that we have no reason to pay attention to what is happening to him or his family. However, on the plus side, the message surrounding the Buffalo massacre adds an additional dimension to the film and its conclusion is much higher than the end of Hollywood directed to the end of the Red River. As a result, "The Last Hunt" is an interesting and entertaining film, well done, but lacking what is necessary to be considered classically.
