I recently watched Spirit and I enjoyed it so much, I've seen it now about 4 times on HBO and I will buy a DVD. Those who made negative comments may think that "Vanishing Point" was just another car chase film and "Thelma & Louise" was just another flick. Although the conclusions of those films are darker, I feel that the themes are connected to each other; that freedom and individuality are very important and that there is usually someone who wants to take them from you. Another common feature of these films is the carefully guarded angel types that help key characters overcome adversity. <br /> <br /> Another review here mentions how this film relates to the subject of civilization that invades another home page. All one has to do is look around at the open areas shrinking around us to see it. <br /> <br /> I thought the animation and the story were fantastic. The cartoonists actually made the horses look, act and move normally. The emotions of the soul were very clear as the story unfolded (yes, I realize they are humanizing a little, but that's a fantasy). In motion scenes, you feel the fall of the slopes and heat of the forest fires. In the quietest (and most often) scenes you are allowed to taste the backgrounds. One of the big things that makes the story really successful is not to walk in the way of talking and singing animals. Doing so will take away the power of the story. Instead, the story flow is listed through the incidental narration of the main character, with more punch added by the brilliant soundtrack. Another addition is that they were not afraid to give the story somewhat of the dark side (which made this film really smile to me). This is not prevalent throughout the film, and the result is appropriate and appropriate without feeling happy. <br /> <br /> Those who appreciate horses will really like this film, but I think it's more than just a horse. Movie. I do not feel that this will be a good film to bring children to if they are raised on the amazing fare offered today. But if they're the kind of guy who can handle compelling stories like The Lord of the Rings and Black Beauty, they probably will. Hell, I'm 35 years old and I still love these things.
