I was honored to see Scarface on the big screen with its beautifully restored 35mm print in honor of the 20th anniversary of the film. It was great to see this on the big screen where a lot of it was lost on television and the general gift of this project could not be emphasized enough. <br /> <br /> Scarface is a remake of the classic riches of the riches to the depths of the story of hell that shows the Pacino as the Cuban drug lord Tony Montana. In this release, Tony comes to America during the wave of Cuban boat people migrating in the late 1970s and early 1980s. Soon Tony and his colleagues got green cards by stepping out of a political figure in the city of Khiam and after a short stay at Kobe's restaurant; Tony was on his way to complete destruction. <br /> <br /> Many characters in this film played in a very skillful and very fun way to watch them. I have forgotten a little of this film over the last twenty years. Robert Logia as Tony's patron, Frank Lopez is awesome. His character is flawed because of his great confidence, and as Tony discovers fast, smooth. Lopez's right hand, portraying Omar Suarez by one of our greatest actors, Murray Abraham (Amadeus.) Suarez is the ultimate enemy and will do anything in favor of Frank; he is like he has no mind of his own. Tony sees this quickly and is constantly fighting with Suarez, but in fact he just sees it as a simple problem to get to the top. The character that always comes back to me as ideally played is Mel Bernstein, who is the corrupt Yankee's Narkotics investigator played by Harris Yulin (training day). Miles, without guilt The enormous amounts of money make up all aspects of the pharmaceutical industry. He plays Tony off Frank until he is caught up in a scene that represents a departure from both Frank and Mill. It is priceless to hear Frank ask Mel to intervene, as Tony is about to kill him just to hear Mel's response. "It's Frank's tree, you're sitting in it." This is from the man Frank was pushing for protection! <br /> <br /> The rise of Tony Nizaki is only matched by speed and intensity through its rapid destruction and burning. After getting out of Frank and taking his wife and taking over Tony's greedy business, he did not seem to get enough. While Tony sinks into the world of drugs, greed and lack of confidence, he eventually kills his best friend and sister who fell in love and got married. All this puts an end to Tony's storming by an army of his treacherous resource because Tony will not go through a political assassination ordered him. All this comes from a tender moment when Tony refused to be a partner in a murder that would have included the wife and children of the victim. <br /> <br /> All of this is a wonderful illustration of the culture of excess cocaine and the 1980s. DePalma does a great job of assembling them all into one of the fastest animated movies in three hours. The violence is very graphic and contains a few scenes that will be engraved forever in the minds of the viewers, especially the terrible chainsaw we saw, the empty two-point shots in the head and the bloody quarrel that ends the entire film. This highly recommended film is designed in a design style and not for squash or for those who need optimistic ends and possible sequences; let DePalma fly everything here.
