Scarface is one of the most popular gangster films of the 1980s, a film of his time. The first thing you notice when watching this movie is that it screams at you, "Made in 1983". Fashion, musical score and soundtrack, hairstyles, do not be mistaken, it's a film about crime in the 1980s, while it should have been terribly dated. This is still a wonderful movie. Although the music of Giorgio Moroder has returned to some extent, it still completes the story of Tony Montana well thanks to a wonderful scenario directed by Oliver Stone and the direction of Brian De Palma first class, one of two films prepared with Pacino (the other being a way Carlito is wonderful). All brands of De Palma are here; strong language, graphic violence (more about that later), elegant excesses like huge pieces and a stylish camera set. <br /> <br /> Pachino dominates the film, literally. He is the star in this film. His performance on the top, this is one of those films in which Pacino did not mention his lines as he yelled at them, this time with a wonderful Cuban accent. However, this is Pacino and does so fantastically. He can only go further and still move away from the film with his integration in acting. While some may complain of his screams for his lines and the sheer overheating of everything, it is an excessive film. Take a look at Tony's production design and take a look at the violence in this film. The incident with the chainsaw is brutally frank and has blood everywhere. The shooting in the end has bodies that fall closer to Schwarzenegger and Stallone in Rambo films. Take a look at the amount of coke that is being shown in the film, so I think Pacino's performance is perfect for the film. Is supported by actors who are more like expressing their lines in a more controlled way. Stephen Bauer, in particular, as Manny, Tony's best friend, is the most prominent support team. His performance is controlled calmly and calmly in a De Niro way, it's amazing how he ended up straight into the soft porn video. Of course Michelle Pfeiffer adds cheerfulness, adding the usual Robert Loggia as usual and Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio for the first time as wonderful as Tony's sister. <br /> <br /> Of course, this is more than just a film about the surplus. There is more than drugs, violence, assaults, chainsaw and great correction. This is a film about the dark side of the American dream. In many ways he puts it on par with Godfather films. Tony finds himself coming to America, gets everything, lives the American dream, then loses it all in a violent way, and by saying that he loses everything, means he loses everything. He kills his best friend, his sister was killed, his empire literally collapsed, and around him, killed in his palace, and shot him. <br /> <br /> Scarface is a major feature film in the early 1980s. It certainly does not contain the details of The Godfather's films, but this film is still wonderful and deserves to come back again and again.
