"Classic is something everyone wants to read but nobody wants to read." Classic is also something everyone praises but no one has read. " -Mark Twain <br /> <br /> "Classic" seems to be the word used to describe "Scarface," Brian DePalma's 1983 film about luxury, self-surrender, greed and danger among the drug gang in Florida. People and critics (and rappers of this matter) consider this film "classic gangsters" or "eptiome of gangster movies". When it is nothing but. He praised all the wrong reasons. Scarface is a wonderful movie that deserves praise from everywhere, but not all the praise it receives from the masses today, so the general public misses the beautiful points it excites. <br /> <br /> First, the film revolves around a Cuban refugee, with a desire to escape the grip of communism and create happiness. simple? Yes really. But the genius layers of De Palma's director, and the great story written by Oliver Stone (yes I know, he has already written a good fact here) are all playing. All characters are looking for escape, because escape is a natural element that everyone deals with in the film. Each character has something to offer, making it a favorite by everyone who appreciates this film. They are intertwined in a world of mystery and money, but all this has a price, as they all learn. Every character believes that she gets better chances in life, while things get even worse ironically. The word "tragedy" will be a better word to describe this film. All those who praised the film for drug abuse, it's violence, it's dialogue, I've completely missed the idea. There is nothing truly positive about the film along with positive expectations personalities for themselves. That is why the film works well. The devastation that occurs during the film delivers the message of the film, not to look cool or to attract viewers. Brian de Palma does not make films for worship bands, or for fans of excitement. <br /> <br /> After that, the film is a drama for adults. It's not a "gangster movie". It has a lot of work, but the procedure is very carefully planned, so it has a point. It's not like "aliens" - an example of a great stupid action film, and most audiences see that this movie is a stupid gangster film that is a big movement about drug abuse and shooting people. Ironically. Bullshit. If this film revolves around it, it is about how damaging it is. Not promoted. <br /> <br /> The movie is said to be a wonderful movie. It has a great cinematic that attracts you to the story. It has a very exciting degree (in the style of the real Giorgio Moroder), which can give you chills or cry. The film is rather long, but it is a story, and every moment is important. Great acting. Al Pacino - said enough. He could do whatever he could think of, and that was no exception. A beautiful boy Steven Bauer, like Manny. I have not thought much about other films he did, but he really makes you admire him when he is under the direction of Maestro de Palma. Michelle Pfeiffer is a real gem like Elvira. She reappeared in the wake of a kind of embarrassment in "Grease 2" and got her ticket for her ride performing a performance forbidden beauty beyond the beauty of the eye. But the real three diamonds in this cruelty are Mary Elizabeth Mastrononio as Tony Gina's sister, who when she smiles or cries, sees her spirit and her new way of life, and watches her deteriorate; Paul Schnar in the role of Alejandro Sosa, the king of drugs, running deeper than the river. As such; and Miriam Coulomb as the torn mother of Tony and Jenna. These three are digging the film as deeply as possible. <br /> <br /> This reviewer learns one major thing when watching Scarface for the first time. Always go to the unsuspecting movie. All the noise and talk in this film can not prepare you for what you really see. Just knowing De Palma (as I do) can give you even a glimpse of what this movie carries. So, ignore ignoring the rap music, ignoring the supporters of reckless violence, fixing Billy's glasses on the rocks, and indulging in an emotional watch of a great film, Scarface.
