The story revolves around Antonio "Scarface" Montana, a very violent Cuban refugee who comes to the United States with less than nothing, and places himself at the top of the cocaine trade ... <br /> <br /> As a man with a conscience, Tony is keenly interested in the things he sees as a comedian, including his charming sweetheart ... rising out of the refugee camp by enjoying the chance to challenge a former trader in Freedom, grabbing rival traders and earning the trust of a major drug dealer by overcoming The head of a local gang in Miami, and eventually reaches the highest levels in the drug organization ... R. Pacino results of greed and passion for the power of the human soul ... has made his way through the streets of Miami sunny where he received "the world and everything in it." Through his power, his obscene dialogue, and his negotiating skills, he began to imagine himself unconquerable, above all else ... moving quickly into the gangster world, becoming more cruel than anyone else could imagine ... <br /> <br /> Look Michelle Pfeiffer is dazzling as an addicted wife with no inner life ... succeeds in portraying the "object" of the cup as she moves in uncertain waters with her counter-hero ... Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio is the best in Tony's life, the only good and pure thing ... her rebellion at the end The film is so intense that its entire head could have exploded ... Robert Loggia shows a weak and fearful tendency, especially when he confronts Pacheco as FSA ... proves to be a less ambitious coach in power ... Steven Bauer shines as a man of magic, a loyal ally and a faithful friend ... <br /> <br /> The Oliver "Scarface" written in stone is a change in genre, After a classic scene of hawks during modernization, the story of gangs escalating into modern, drug-laden Miami ... but, as always, the focus is on decadence, obscene words and violence - a deadly chainsaw killing, rather than on the psychological and social causes of dogmatic behavior Psychological
