Those who gave this production a low rating, perhaps never saw the famous production of George Blanchin on stage, or left their disdain for star actors Macaulay Kolkin to rule. The ballet in Atlanta was fortunate enough, from the 1960s to the 1980s, to be the first licensed ballet company to organize this production, unlike New York Ballet, and I have seen it live on stage several times. I can assure readers that the film is a very accurate presentation of this production, and that using a child with limited dance abilities in the role of title is not a cheap trick that has been shown to show Kolkin; Blaken's idea was to use a child in this role, . The "heavy" dance for adults is left in the story. <br /> <br /> This is a deliberate film; in a way, it resembles "Othello" Lawrence Olivier. Just as in this film, theater production groups were expanded to reach the volume of the film, but it was not manufactured to a lesser extent, the ballet is filmed directly with close-ups, and without the scattered "video filming" operations that appeared in 1986 exaggerated Maurice Cindyk Carroll Ballard. There are only two fake steps in the 1993 movie. One of them is the addition of unnecessary and distracting sound effects (the squeak of the mouse, the children whispering "Ma-gic!" To Drosselmeyer, etc.). These sound effects are never heard at any production stage of a "crusher crusher" and have been presented as cheap concessions simply to satisfy the underdeveloped masses who may not enjoy the idea of ​​watching ballet on the film. <br /> <br /> The other wrong step is the make-up of McCulay Kolkin, which seems very silly. When he is on the screen as a Nutcracker, instead of wearing a huge mask (as always when performing a Balanchine production on stage), Culkin is already in the form of a game - wearing what looks like bald covers as well as white wig, hairs, and beard. His face is rather tight, and the worst part of his makeup is that his face is still well known. He has become amateurish in a way similar to Ray Bolger, Jack Halley and Bert Lair in the makeup of The Wizards of Oz (although the results of this makeup, Amazing, because this movie does not work). The comparison with the Pareshnikov crusade is shown in its production. * How was the mask of the splendidly manufactured parechnikovs? The "jaws" seemed to be moving when Pareshnikov tilted his head back. <br /> <br /> Dancing himself in McCulay Kolkin is an excellent version, of course, except for Kolkin himself, whose dance, as I said, is not meant to be amazing. (The Sugar Plum Fairy and Cavalier are prominent ballet roles in Balanchine's production of "The Nutcracker.") However, the colors of the film may be brighter because this is a fantasy. Choreography is also wonderful, and its adaptation is so sincere that it includes a sequence that includes additional music from the "Sleeping Beauty" ballet - as Mary sneaks into the basement and falls asleep on the couch, dreaming that Drosselmeyer's "broken nutcracker" , Listed in the original Tchaikovsky ballet --- it is the only sequence in this production that is characterized by music from a work other than "The Nutcracker"). <br /> <br /> Those who missed this film, or those who despise (or hate) They should give him a chance, despite his great flaws, which is much better than it seems when one first hears that Kulki In it.
