Zentropa was released in North America to avoid confusion with the film "Holocaust" by Agneska Holland, Europe Europa. This is the third feature of a director that did not come as a surprise or inspiration or an explicit shock. It is a strange and eccentric film about a naive American film in Germany soon after the end of World War. the second. The American, named Leo, does not fully get what he does there. He came to participate in the reform of the country because, in his opinion, it is time to show Germany some charity. No matter how this looks, he is not sympathetic to Nazism, or as pro-German as he is mixed. His uncle, who works on the railways, gets Leo's job as a cyclist in a sleeping car, and he is growing up in a spiral of German mysteries and puzzles in 1945. <br /> <br /> This progress begins when Leo begins, playing an unforgettable aspect of Before the actor is calm but restless Jean-Marc Bar, meets a sultry heiress on the train played by Barbara Sequoa, represented with tenderness on the roof but lively interior. She greets him and then takes him home to meet her family, which owns the company that manufactures the trains. These were the exact trains that transported the Jews to their deaths during the war, but they now run a harsh daily schedule, and the status of the woman Uncle Kisler is considered one of those good Germans who were doing their jobs. There is also Udo Kier, the awesome actor who stunned me far in the film The Viper Trier The Second Epidemic, although here is just a scene. <br /> <br /> Another guest at home is Eddie Constantine, a calmly acting actor, who played a miserable American intelligence man. He can confirm that Uncle Kessler was a war criminal, although it is all quite puzzling to Leo. Americans have been described as naive rubies of their element for decades, but few of them were more clearly interested than Leo, who returns to his job on something that gradually resembles his death train. <br /> <br /> The story is described in a deeply uncoordinated way by the Danish filmmaker Lars von Trier, who was an announcer in the film's editorial and breathtaking. It shoots in black and white, and uses double deflection, light effects and phonetic imagery, where actors interact with rear-projection shots, and put their characters in a shadowy, shadowy world that sometimes feels like glass insects for our most accurate scan. <br /> <br /> This award-winning surrealistic work of the Grand Jury is a metaphor, but it may be a characteristic of all scenes. This is interpreted as a film about the last legs of the Nazis, symbolized by the train, and the moral accountability of Americans and others who appeared very late to save the martyrs of these trains and camps where they distributed their cargo loaded on ships. During the time frame of the film, the Nazi state, and such importance for the train, have died, but like cut chickens, insist on shaking them through their reactions. <br /> <br /> Characters, music, dialogue, and plot are deliberately and almost purchased ridiculed by Noir film conventions. The most exciting points in the film are those in full cinematic. Two trains stopped back and forth, one on one and Sukwa on the other. Underwater snapshot of condensate blood. An unusually expressive sequence about what it should be sinking. And the most influential on metaphysics to everyone, a narcotic shot of train tracks, as the voice of Max von Sido urges us to return to Europe with him, and give up our personal control.
