William Castle is known among the horror lovers as a B-class director in the 1950s and 1960s. Its trick, cost-cutting techniques and unique vision are legendary. It is not surprising, therefore, that someone (Jeffrey Shawars, who has made countless documentaries) takes the time to dedicate a documentary to his greatness. This is "Spine Tingler: The William Castle Story". <br /> <br /> I had a general understanding of who Kassel was, having seen some of his films over the years. I did not know anything about her personal life, her goals and ambitions. This film embodied the man and gave me a greater appreciation of the dedication he showed in the craft of filmmaking and his contributions to this kind of horror. The film depicts the castle as a rival to Alfred Hitchcock, with Hutch the acclaimed artist while Kassel is the carnival bartender who gains the community's reputation, but is less respectful. It's a symbol for all second-rate managers there, and that's why it's not surprising that John Waters stands out prominently here. (Joe Dante and Stewart Gordon also play great roles). <br /> <br /> It was his ploy that drove his fame, and the documentary takes on great pains to interpret, which is so important to those too young to remember. The three-dimensional beginning of "13 Ghosts" (see separate review), the bell in the "The Tingler" seat (see separate review), the money-back guarantee for "murder" ... these movies are now out of the theater, (Which I still enjoy), but we can not fully appreciate what the audience felt. <br /> <br /> The movie climaxes when the castle moves from a worship outlet to a Hollywood product. After buying the rights of "Rosemary's Baby", he was put in a very special place to negotiate the film's release. In the hope that he will be directed, he was marginalized as a producer in order to make room for the new director Roman Polanski. While initially disappointed, this proves to be one of the best opportunities in his life - a highly successful film, and a job that excels in it. Who would be the best to control the portfolio of the wild artist Polanski from Quresh Castle? This was a cascade achievement, although it is sad that the film is often linked to Polanski more than a castle. <br /> <br /> The rest of his years are kept, and we offer personal ideas from his daughter and daughter. In all areas, everyone seems to have only praise for the man. Somewhere along the way, it sure angered one or two people, but you'll never know of this movie. I find this discovery - it's a celebration of Bill Castle's life, not the "real Hollywood story!" It is best for fans of this genre to pick up a copy of this work. <br /> <br /> I personally recommend taking William Cassell's collection, which contains not only this film but also eight Kassel movies, with many special features. Even this documentary comes with a voice commentary so you can hear how Schwarz personally influenced the castle, and made Casselle Terry's daughter an expression of her experiences with various films and reproductions. It's a whole new movie.
