For some reason, this film never appeared in its original language in my neck from the jungle (though it has TCM UK Cable, which broadcasts dozens of MGM titles a week in a week outside). More disappointing, he still M.I.A. On DVD? Even from the newly announced Western Classics Collection Box group (which includes 3 other Robert Taylor efforts), they may be saved in the ultimate "Signature Collection" dedicated to MGM's powerful event, Next year in time for the 40th anniversary of his death ?? <br /> <br /> I say this because the film gives him a malignant role rarely as selfish and has a fanatical hatred of the Indians who choose to exploit the shooting of his experts by making some buffaloes catch money easily; the opening statement presents an alarming statistic that the number of these species has decreased from 60,000,000 to 3,000 in just 30 years! As an assistant, Taylor chooses a former professional at Stewart Granger's trade? Who mixes alcohol, and Nolan-legged Lloyd (who constantly taunts Angry Taylor and eclectic) and the errant Ross Templin teenager for this purpose. As expected, the company's relationship is fragile? Remember that at the Anthony Mann The Naked Spore Center (1953), the latest dark MGM Western outdoor. The film, in fact, aptly approximates the flavor and power of Man's work in this area (although he is the first writer / director Brooks among a handful of these games but, which showed, cumulatively, remarkable diversity); here, too, the novel in female presence (Debra Paget, also half a breed) to confront two rugged equestrian? Granger, like James Stewart of The Naked Spector, returns to his job only reluctantly (remorse for having to kill buffalos for sport and making a profit effectively). <br /> <br /> The latter also suffers from seeing Taylor take Paget for himself? She is courageous but coldly carries his approach, while secretly longing for Granger? And lets him frustrate the locals at a drunk pub! Taylor, himself, did not emerge unscathed from the deal: like the protagonist of Sierra Madier (1948), he became angry and absent from his colleagues, especially with regard to the rare ?? Thus, valuable? Hiding from a white buffalo has caught; so he gets mad at Buffalo at some point (as Nolan predicted), and has become deceived in taking the thunder pump in search of hooves of a block approaching the species! Hunting scenes themselves impressive? Buffalo seals, falls to the ground when colliding, the endless variety of day-hunting, and the bodies that later infect the meadows. The film's extraordinary and unforgettable film, therefore, is fairly well known: As the winter approaches full swing, Taylor is paranoid now with the blood of Granger waiting for him outside a cave (where the latter and Paget resorted) to shoot him; when Granger comes out in the morning The next day, Taylor discovers an intuition? Frozen to death! <br /> <br /> By the way, my father has a copy of this huge source novel (by Milton Lott) from the time of the original release of the film: in fact, he has collected a large number of these versions? It is, after all, still practiced in vogue ?? Where a book to promote film adaptation is being reissued. Similarly for the record, Taylor and Granger? Who work very well off each other here? It had already been combined (like the whale hunters!) In the maritime adventure, all the brothers were linked (1953)? Which is odd, which is difficult to see (in fact, more so, since it was not even shown on Italian TV for what looks like ages) !!
