Richard Brooks, "The Last Hunt," starring Stuart Granger, could not even hear him? So he tore an old sticker of the film when he submitted for signing in his final years? But then the director fled with his wife, so this is understandable. For anyone else, this is one of the best Western adults in the 1950s, and years before in his attitude toward the environment. <br /> <br /> In many ways, it is almost like an Anthony Mann Westerners who see their heroes run to redemption screaming and yelling at him every step of the way. Here the legendary buffalo hunter of the Granger actually saw the light, but after the Buffalo buffalo forced him into a bout of poetic justice, he was back in the dark by Robert Taylor, a cruel and racially clad gunman, on the grounds that "I already have a guilty conscience. Money as well. " Raised by the Indians, fully aware of the damage done to the extinct buffalo heads, and gradually becoming self-hateful consumer as Taylor does with hatred. When the two men fall on the back of Debra Paget ?? The only survivor of a gang of Indians Taylor kills ?? And the concealment of priceless white buffalo for fishermen and Indians for very different reasons, confrontation is inevitable, although the outcome is certainly not. <br /> <br /> Taylor is definitely something ridiculous ?? Granger had rejected many epic roles developed by MGM in films such as Quo Vadis and Ivanhoe, which gave Taylor his return in the 1950s after years of steady decline. May not convince the color of his hair but his performance does, a shallow and very violent man consumes the hatred so that he is not wearing a gun, worn by the gun. Granger's tone is not always persuasive, but he makes a good-humored hero in the form of Jimmy Stewart, trying to keep the newcomer fresh and reconcile his actions with his beliefs before finally getting a chance to make up. The half-weight Russ Tamblyn and the old one-legged Lloyd Nolan give their best, but the real star is the scenario: it was painted with an excellent eye and ear for the character? Not to mention Stanley Kubrick borrowed for The Shining ?? It balances historical revisionism with recreational drama without selling at all. The new French DVDs are free of add-ons, but feature a 2.35: 1 transfer of English soundtrack.
