Although I do not usually go for an uncompromising heartfelt like this, I happened to pick up a 1994 copy of ANGELS IN THE OUTFIELD (AITO) on the cable one Saturday morning just as it was starting. As a fan of Adrien Prodi, I was curious to see what Prodi was at the age of 21 (20 years when he was filming, I suppose) in this early role as Danny Heemerling, a service hanger for the California Angels (in the original 1951 version, the Pittsburgh Pirates were I decided to give a chance to the flavor and it turned out to be a painless, even friendly experience, with a decent balance of laughter, tears, sweetness, and excitement based on baseball. Also, my 7 year old daughter loved the effects of the angel! :-) from the brother Raj Mike Smith, assistant to William Aziz, AitO is the story of Roger (Joseph Gordon-Levitt), an adoptive child praying strongly after his noble father who was fine (Dermot Mulroney). He says they will be a family again once the last angels in California win the flag. Roger soon begins to see the real angels in the angels' games, led by Christopher Lloyd, who keeps Eto'o's usual euphoria of irreversibly descending into the Shamlitz region. The director of Krooste George Knox (Danny Glover is in a stressful world) is difficult to sell, but once the team wins, he thinks of Roger's Angels, and soon Knox Roger, his gentle colleague and co-child JP (adorable Milton Davis Jr.) In each game the angels have a happy moment. Knox starts to temper his temper tantrums and idiotic language, as much as he pleases the angels for the children, which produces something funny when he begins to take off the stories in his usual way but begins to free himself in the face. There are predictable obstacles, such as the obnoxious sportsman Ranch Wilder (Jay or Sanders) who is trying to raise the Knox problem because of the angel angle. Sure, everything works well for our heroes in the end, but they are very fond and you do not mind! :-) Prodi has a few good lines (especially his exchange with Glover about the emotional impact of the national anthem in blackjack), as well as a little bit of kindness, where a beautiful blonde angel massages his shoulders before he goes up to the bat. Prodi is not the only future star in the AitO's lineup: including his teammates Matthew McConaughey and Neil McDonough. Of course, young man Gordon Levitt went to the third TV show on rock, plus movies like 10 things I hate about you. The winners are always tirelessly Taylor Nigron and Oscar (but not for this film :-) Brenda Fricker and Ben Johnson offer strong support. If you are a baseball fan who wants to rent a movie suitable for children and know some young actors before they become stars, the AitO '94 will work wonderfully.
