First of all, let me comment that the audience loved it from the very first moment. Events in the Middle East may have prompted people to take a stand. "I came for comedy and with George I will enjoy it." But for whatever reason, everyone really looked at the comedy of it. In the past few times, Woody has tried to make a direct comedy (Small Time Crooks, Curse of the Jade Scorpion, Hollywood Endding). I felt like I was feeling a bit nervous and traditional. I remember thinking at one point, "That was funny in the early 1960s." After I went to this film, I was afraid that Woody would become deaf, but in this film his sense of humor was in perfect harmony. Admittedly, a lot of my AARP colleagues had people on the examination, but there were also a lot of 20 somethings and 30 somethings as well, and they all seemed to have gotten it and surrendered to occasional belly laughs as well as many guffaws, chuckles and the like that. In many cases, there were a lot of people who were laughing so loudly that you missed the next line. <br /> <br /> Objectively, Woody was moving away from familiar terrain. As I suspected in the film, this film contained a lot of murder mystery in Manhattan, but again, there was more smidgen than Oedipus Wrecks (New York Stories), Alice, and even a little praise of Broadway Danny Rose at first. <br /> <br /> Even with Woody in the film, Scarlett, like Sandra, was sometimes Woody's agent, but her character was far from the knight, for example, Will Weil gave us a try Melinda and Melinda or Kenneth Branagh in Celebrity . Instead of ticks and original quirks, Sundra's scarcity comes directly from the family history that she shares early. On many occasions, "family business" leads to the misconduct we receive as a public, while the characters on the screen can only be seen as non-sequential. Since we are all in humor, we can only laugh. But the laughs do not come from the recognition of a prophetical and friendly, but from personal. To a large extent, unlike Farrell or Branug or Kozak or even Mia Farrow before her, Scarlett is not required to use a Woody voice to evoke a Woody role. Thus, we do not find ourselves torn from the narrative because the voice of the Lord suddenly arises from someone else's face. <br /> <br /> As my friend commented on the director, Sid, the character played by Woody, is supportive, but in a position more than I wish to enter. However, Woody seems to have written this time a character that fits his current personality really. Unlike his character Ed Dupail the Wise in anything else, or his blind director in Hollywood Inding, this time personal fitting. Perhaps more importantly, this time the character works in the story. Inside the high circles they find themselves in, it has become more of an escapade than Scarlett's, which is used for a wonderful comedy effect all the time. The Sid is a walking and wandering wizard playing in front of small crowds, but the fact that it is another era is placed in the foreground and our center to enjoy. <br /> <br /> But what about Jackman? What about Ian (Sorengen) MacShane? I liked both of them to the extent that they were used in the piece. I particularly liked MacShane's short but effective roles. Jackman enjoys the charm of "old money" that has been filmed mostly in films 50 years ago. (Collective echoes of Purple Rose of Cairo?) <br /> <br /> So what did you think? A short answer, probably the best direct comedy since 1994 Bullets Over Broadway. Less than the stylized Aphrodite. Less caustic than dismantling Harry. Less forced than the crooks in the small time or the end of Hollywood. Woody finally found a buzzing voice in the 21st century.
