Greetings back from darkness. Remember all that happened to Woody Allen? Jokes? Even Mr. Allen mocked the fans who wanted him to continue producing his "ridiculous" films. As with any great artist, Mr Allen's craft has evolved over the years and has lost some fans, while others have chosen. The "Matchpoint" masterpiece last year showed it was still as important and influential as it was in the days of Annie Hall and Manhattan. The most interesting thing for 40 years of fans is that Mr. New York himself seems to be suffering from the mother country. He seems to love England already! While filming "Matchpoint", Mr. Allen became fascinated by Scarlett Johansson and her real life and sense of humor. This attraction prompted him to write his best comedy years ago. Despite the risk of excessive exposure to Scarlett, she should be given credit for not choosing the films she received in the light of Faten. She is not afraid to look and act like a real person. In "Scoop," some of the real-life comedy on the screen flashes, and in many scenes, delivers the real bet of Mr. Allen's rightful man. Of course, any time Mr. Allen decides to put himself in front of the camera, he gets more than one share of a line and social commentary - which is good, because few do it better. <br /> <br /> A very nice support from Ian MacShane and Hugh Jackman. In fact, Mr. Jackman offers some clues as to why many of us think he is the best choice to replace Brosnan as the new Bond. As with most Allen films, the star is a script, not actors. Although Scarlett is superbly presented here and contrasts brilliantly with Allen and Jackman glossy, what makes this rattle is dialogue ... especially the joking between Allen and Scarlett. If you are not impressed with my great Woody actor, do not be afraid. It limits its screen time and is very effective, except in two scenes or three short scenes that seem to be misplaced. Another Woodman tradition is the brilliant musical background and "scoop" is no exception ... especially the composition of Strauss. <br /> <br /> "Scoop" is a beautiful intersection between Annie Hall and the best brothers Marx Films or Carrie Grant. Yes it's a comedy for adults, but it's really very nice ... especially for serial killer and stealth comedy !!
