After appearing directly in the wake of Match Point (2005), a wonderful piece, though largely self-replicated by "Serious Woody," Scoop gives new hope to Allen's small but hard-line group (which I figure out myself) and once again found its shape. A series of disappointing efforts, culminating in melancholy Melinda and Melinda (2004) and frustrating anything else (2003), has seriously raised doubts that another top-notch comedy, with or without actor participation, was in the cards. Fortunately, it turned out that the cards were a collection of the Tarot that is considered the Maguffin Smart Scoop for Scoop and provides an optimistic reading of the future of the Woody Allen comedy. <br /> <br /> More encouraging, Woody, the self-portraitist - unfortunately the weakest actor in his films in recent years - is an unforgettable part of parody and a recent modest admission that he can no longer play romantic strands with women Young enough to be his daughters or grandmothers. In "Scoop," Allen himself cleverly defines the role of Mr. Waterman, an old magician with cheap tricks and theater smells, like, like Woody himself, brought his work to London, where the public - if not more receptive - are at least more polite. Like Mr. Chaplin's Calvero in Limelight (1952), Sid Waterman gives Allen the opportunity to wear a slightly distorted mask for an artist whose artwork has declined and his audiences are no longer large or grateful. Moreover, because they appear in their personalities, Allen's marks and extended launchers are less distracting here than they were at some time. <br /> <br /> The Waterman character also works accurately in the chart. His magic box is the soluble solvent of the body. It is the most ridiculous site for visits from Joe Stromble (Ian MacShane), a famous newswriter and victim of a recent heart attack. He is presented aboard a ship transporting the Styx River to Hades, and Strombel jumps repeatedly because he can not rest forever without a final "scoop" being reported about the identity of the famous "Tarot Killer". Unfortunately, his initial return from the dead leads him to show the magic of Waterman, the only channel of his hot leadership turned out to be Sungra Branski (Scarlett Johansson), who was summoned from the audience as a comic strip of magic magic trick. Sondra enthusiastically takes the opportunity to press and trick Waterman into questioning to play the role of her millionaire father. As in Lost in Translation, Johansson has a talent for comedies, and the tremendous amusement between her and Allen is very entertaining - and most importantly, she never threatens to become an introduction to romance. <br /> <br /> The serial killer Scoop, which includes horrific homicide of prostitutes and one of the aristocratic suspects, Peter Lehmann (Hugh Jackman), is undoubtedly the expected result of Allen's long-term exposure to the Jack The Ripper in London . Other aspects of Scoop (as in Match Point) are also derived from Woody's late encounter with English culture. Its class structure, its creation, its expressions, its dress, its architecture, and, yes, its strange driving habits give Woody a fresh new material to observe behavioral behavior as well as sharp social satire. When Sundra tries, for example, to attract herself with Peter Lehmann at the Ritzy Private Club, Waterman notes "from his point of view we stumble." Much humor is also generated by the contradictions in the highly conservative British social ethic that Jewish colonialism faced in the Jewish belt of Porschets. And then, of course, there is a hilarious exit for Waterman in a smart car that can not remember his driving on the left side of the road. <br /> <br /> As usual, Allen's scoop in Scoop includes large doses of in jokes, taking the form of malicious hints to film and literature sources, and, increasingly, references to his own film. In addition to the rampant Jack the Ripper, for example, the film's soundtrack is controlled by the Grieg "The Hall of the Mountain King", which was rated by Hans Beckett in M, the first serial killer of the genre. It is clear that the gathering of journalists who discussed Joe Strombell's exploits after their departure clearly mimics the opening of Broadway Danny Rose (1984). References to the dismantling of Harry (1997) include the use of death as a personality (along with his strange voice and costume), the use of Mandelbaum as a personal name, and a reference to the University of Adir (Harry "Alma Mater" and where Sondra is now located). Moreover, the regular use of Greek legends in the Hell River Journey to Hades refers to the use of the Greek gods and chorus in Mighty Aphrodite (1995). <br /> <br /> As for the questionable clones, Allen's texts rely less on one - more than they did early in his career, but Scoop does not provide at least two of those memorable ones. Asked about his religion, Waterman answers: "I was born in Hebrew persuasion, but later turned into narcissism." "If we put our heads together, you'll hear a hollow sound," said Sundra. All in all, Scoop is one of the most comedic and comedy movies in ten years.
