"Scoop" is also the name of the late 1930s novel Evelyn Waugh, and the new Woody Allen, although it was introduced today, has the charm of nostalgia and simplicity. The depth of the characterization, the intense performances, the thrill or the recent shock of Allen's last-minute "Match Point" (many argue, including these references, was not a strong return to the model) but "Scoop" On English aristocrats and luxury London apartments, murder and detection. This time, Woody leaves behind this ambiguity of homicide and returns to the comedy, and returns to the screen as the voice of Vodvillian, a magician named Waterman, and the title of the theater, The Great Splendine, who opposes some buggy investigations. After being revealed in the midst of Spalendini's standard conceptual work with volunteers from Scarlett Johansson (as Sondra Branski), the unmarried couple are attracted to a deadly attempt after the death of the English journalist. (Iain McShane) I just met the shadow of the secretary of the son of Lord Lehman, who says she was poisoned, and told him that the son of the founder of the aristocracy Peter Lehman (Hugh Jackman) was the murderer of the Tarot card of the London serial killer Sondra and Sid became Immediately a pair of amateurs with the intelligence of the master of idol and beauty The mysterious Sundra, went a long way to the aristocracy of London. <br /> <br /> Woody did not confuse Moussa, the youth hero, as in "Match Point," Johansson again - as in the past. , Scarlett is not an ambitious sexpot and a potential movie star ... She has turned amazingly into a klutzy, but still beautiful glasses ... Mr and Sindra have no courtship, which is great satisfaction.They are simply as a team, more or less literary, to fulfill Strombell's desires by establishing relationships Friendship with Lehman and watching him for evidence of his guilt. With only minimal protests, the Master agrees to appear as Sindra's father. Sondra, who captured Peter by pretending to drown in his own swimming pool, returns to baptize herself, Jaddy Spence. Mr. Spence, a Woody, keeps breaking the lid by cheating cards, but he puts the media on them and beats their husbands in poker, firing linings nonstop while keeping, apparently succeeding, in the oil field. Precious metals, just as he told him "Jade" to say. <br /> <br /> That's all, or whatever you can tell without spoiling the story by revealing its results. At first, Allen's decision to make Johansson ugly, naïve naive, and a college girl in bad clothes was not just a bad decision, but a bad decision. But Johansson, who was picked up and hurt as an actress, was miraculously able to carry her, helped Jackman, the actor who knows how to make any actress look desirable, if desired. The film actually creates a sense of relationships, to make up for a limited set of characters: Sid and Sondra spar in a friendly way, and Peter and Sondra have an appealing appeal even though they are artificial and polluted (she, after all, goes to sleep madly suspected of murder). <br /> <br /> What is worrying is that Allen is rolling back on wealth and the English class. His background in Brooklyn seems to leave him, despite all his sights, with irresistible hustle and bustle. Jackman is an impressive colleague, glamorous and shattered. His parents spoke English. But can this star of the musical comedy that originated in Australia (X-Man) become aristocratic? Only in films, perhaps (here and in "Kate and Leopold"). <br /> <br /> This movie is not as strong as "Match Point", but to say that it is a loser like some viewers is very wrong. No more in-depth than a half-hour radio or TV show, but Woody jokes are more entertaining and authentic than you will get in any such media issue, and sometimes show a return to old intelligence and intelligence. It does not matter if the film is silly or difficult when it turns into summer entertainment. On a hot day you do not want a heavy meal. It all evokes the appetite of a time when comedies are in fact a light escape, without jokes or dirty effects; without Vince Vaughan or Owen Wilson. Critics are eager to tell you that this is a return to Allen's retreat, which was already the "point of the game". Do not believe them. He is not trying hard. Why should he? He may be 70 years old, but verbally, still shining on his feet. His body moves too fast.
