I was lucky enough to get a free check-in for Scoop last night. A full house in the theater and when the film ended there was spontaneous applause. I did not talk to anyone who did not like Scoop, although teenagers sitting next to me sighed and dazed uncomfortably for most of the film. These were exceptions because everyone among them I personally really enjoyed themselves. <br /> <br /> "Scoop" is a fast-paced murder mystery. A young female journalist is being maneuvered unintentionally by forces beyond her control in an attempt to catch an intruder killer. Many bats are associated with her partner in a traveling fantasy world, and fall in love with a gentle young gentleman. <br /> <br /> "Scoop" is not a bad addition to Woody Allen. It is not the best of his works but it is very enjoyable and light fun. I would say that it fits comfortably with being a medium-sized friendly film of Woody Allen, in the middle of the package. If you're a fan of Woody Allen, you'll probably enjoy it. If you are indifferent to his work, Scoop may be enough to make you interested in seeing more. I do not think anyone who hates his style of filmmaking and acting will change his mind. Woody plays the same kind of neural character that we are accustomed to even though they are dangerously close to the limits of forced and above the top in this film. While it is likely to get worse for some who may find themselves wanting to speed up words and spit words, Woody Allen fans know what to expect. Very good shows everywhere in my opinion although I found myself missing Ian Makshan who is excellent and not on camera almost enough. Hugh Jackman is as wonderful as the charming nobleman and I think Woody Allen has found a new regular star to work with at Scarlett Johansson. I think that through Match Point, this is the second pairing for them, and it's only magic with the stuff that Woody gives. Can be the beginning of a beautiful relationship! I'm happy to see the film and I definitely recommend it. A more sophisticated comedy from films such as "Scary Movie 4", so if your comedy brand is the last and not the last one, then "Scoop" might not be right for you. If you, on the other hand, love a touch of sophistication, luxury and fun, Scoop is right for you. Woody Allen's film may not be a newcomer, but others should try it out.
