I really did not watch this show when I was a kid but the first episode I remember is the episode where Kimi Gibbler penetrated Stephanie's ears. When I started studying in 2000, I had problems throughout the high school period and I was better off not getting into it. But I always watched the feeds saved by the bell, but this presentation reminded me of the problems I encountered in school, which was rarely shown by parents' children. Save by the bell is fine, but not good family view. A few days after I graduated from high school in 2004. I turned the TV into a family channel and day after day I became addicted to the whole house. I can even press the information button and see the year I came out and remember what I was doing during that time period. The episode was about to appear and was titled "Blues Birthday Music", and to this day is the most preferred episode, it's sad, with a happy ending, and Kimi Gipler sees in a way that does not act in other episodes, it actually shows her a dangerous side. I have seasons 1,2,3,4,5, 6 on the DVD and I am waiting for 7 and 8. I wish in a way I could have a documentary film and some comments from team members. I do not understand why some people have a hatred for this offer because you do not see trash and violence in this show. For those who hate this offer, I pray for you because you grew up in a dysfunctional family where there was no love. But the whole house in my opinion is a family living in paradise where everyone is happy and good things always happen. The characters are very awesome. Danny Tanner reminds me of my mother and grandmother. Joey is good-natured and always in a good mood. When I was a kid I used to be like Jesse, the first actor on television as a man obsessed with poetry. Somehow you can actually tell that DJ is a California girl. I like the episodes with Kimmy Gibbler because they always make me smile and light my day when I watch them. Stephanie is very cool. Also I have a hard time telling Olsen twins. I want my kids to watch it one day. But the whole house is my favorite show, while Sabrina the charming teenager is my favorite. One day, before I die, I really want to meet everyone from the whole house. The first three seasons are somewhat boring but they start to improve in the fourth season. I wished they could make the ninth season. They stopped building a whole house in 1995 and in the autumn of 1996, the teenage witch came out of Sabrina (a similar family show) but the whole house is a very loving show and has good times and bad times, and yes, I understand, if you are a dirty person in the wild, you I hate this show, but this is a show of happiness and it is also a moral display. I would also like to say that the first three seasons are good for children, but in all seasons 4 and 5, DJ and Stephanie became teenagers. As I noticed, not only in the full house but in many programs, they never spoke about world problems and politics, such as when the whole house was on air during the Gulf War in 1991 and during the Oklahoma City bombing in 1995, they did not mention anything about it . Steve was my favorite friend of the DJ, and the people who carried Snake and Nelson were not very happy. But season 5 and 6 think it's the best. I wish they had achieved a ninth season, because it left a big question mark in my head, because in the final last minute episode, DJ got a surprise and went to a concert with her with her ex-boyfriend Steve, I always wondered if they came back together. I liked the last seasons, DJ was always responsible and Stephanie always wanted to do something bold, as in the episode "Wild Stephanie Journey"
