Thanks Jymn Magon, for designing the best 2 comics from Disney at all. This show has improved significantly over the years. When I was a kid, I did not like it because I thought it was a cut from Ducktales, which was one of the best things I loved at Disney at the time (like Grandmoffromero). Then later though it was good but not great. But after reading the reviews here, I decided to give her another chance and I bought a DVD set and saw the pilot completely on the first day I got it, and I was pleasantly surprised. This is still my favorite episode, although the series has not risen to that level. By the end of Disk 1, you know that this will be one of the best players. <br /> <br /> The characters are very complex and charming. My favorite should be Wildcat. It's very hilarious and sweet to take off. My next favorite is Baloo, the best pilot in the show. I can see why Ol Jymn built the show around him. Then it's Kate Cloudkicker. He and Baloo have the best relationship in the chain. Then, Louis. Jim Cummings did a perfect job of representing the original sound. After him, Rebecca. She made me laugh hard, and I think she and Palo marry in the end. And finally (for the champions), Molly. Although it is less favorable, I still love it. I think it's a very nice character (much better than the Webby of Ducktales). The villains were very original. Don Carnegie and his airmen always collide with me. Khan was cold and ruthless, and the Sabanians were always at least amused. <br /> <br /> As previously said, the stories from Farhan (Time Waits For No Bear, Romantic from Red Chimpanzees to Nothing Less Than Touching (The Old Man and Seaduck, Paradise Lost) range from fun, funny and exciting adventures ( In search of old errors and my favorite favorite of all is the bell of Klangs.) These are just a few of the favorite episodes.In any case, Talespin is the best Disney, apart from Gummi Bears some reasons for it? GB had quite a bit of my favorite character (Cubbi), while TS did not have enough Wildcat, but in the end, Talespin is still classically BOTTOM LINE - the best 10/10 caricature ever.
