This film is about Joseph Smith, what he represents, and what LDS believes. With all the current media coverage of some fugitives, the LDS Church has been confused with the FLDS Church and the criminal fugitive Warren Jeffs. Jeffs is not associated with LDS, but international media groups have requested comments on Jeffs from The LDS church. Jeffs is not mentioned in the film at all, but I think it is ironic that this film with all that is about Joseph also refers to a few FLDS Church and their leader at this time in the media world. This is a film about Joseph Smith and a wonderful film in it. Some of the most obvious differences between Jeff and Joseph are portrayed in Joseph's humanity, acceptance and love. Jeff's views and opinions differ greatly from Joseph Smith and LDS, and are seen in this film. Geoffs believes that "Negro" demons. Joseph Smith was known to be the sons of God and gave up the horse of his favorite wife of African-American (former slave) to buy his son's freedom. Joseph, who does the chores of his wife Emma and is criticized by a member, tells Joseph that a man may lose his wife in the next life if she chooses not to stay with her husband and that housework is a way to help and cherish your wife. Jeffs, one of his polygamous wives, brought her on her knees in front of a class full of students by grabbing a cue and painfully until she reached her knees. Finally, Joseph participated in the application of the law and requested assistance from the Government at all times. Jeffs thumbed his nose into the government and fled at all times. <br /> <br /> I liked this movie, and if you do not know much about Joseph Smith and what the LDS Church thinks, this is the movie you see. If you've confused the LDS church with the FLDS church, you really need to bring your work together. We do not differ much from anyone who believes in Jesus Christ, the sanctity of marriage and the family, and also our homeland and our homeland. We are all quite completely different as you can find various Protestants, Meccans, Methodists, Baptists and Catholics. What is important is our message and what we stand for. This film tries to portray that but there is much of Joseph's life that can not be covered in a two-hour film. This was a really wonderful show.
