Somewhere near the bottom of the film studio ladder, you can find companies like UFO and Troma and the bottom lies in Seduction Film's film. Movies. Has developed a very dedicated audience base that buys every new title immediately after its release, but unfortunately the company has become closely associated with a recurring star Misty Mundae. Unfortunately, the recent interest in Masters of Horrors has made it look a little higher than the efforts of S.C in a zero budget that forces the company to find a new identity. But in their glory days, they released this film in a very grateful world. <br /> <br /> The wonderful Misty Mundae has to go to boarding school at the request of the absent father. At school, she meets her colleague in the ridiculous hot room played by Robbie Laroche, who has designs immediately but the head of the school (Barbara Joyce) has other plans. In the typical S.C style, the film stops every ten minutes of an extended sexual scene, but unlike most of their efforts, this film has a fairly interesting story and two good performances. Ms. LaRuca seems to have a wonderful time like the sexual predator who sees Mesti as a delicious meal, and Darianne Cayenne shows a welcome (though short) look as Satan. This is the kind of film that Jess Franco would have produced in the 1970s (although this film does not have the hardcore sex that Franco has always been willing to take for foreign sales) and it would be wise to give him this crazy man to go. <br /> <br /> For me, as a long-time movie fan (and Troma worshiper), I came across movies of "Seduction" through their sarcastic films (fellow monkeys, who wants to be an exciting billionaire) but I actually do their best original work . You see either past low budget and sometimes weak representation or sympathize with these things and hate all these films. For me, the most obvious thing uniting these non-budgeted films is a real sense of humor. These low-budget companies can create their own unique style that gives the viewer something quite different from the gentle, through numbers, and studio efforts with multiplexing. <br /> <br /> If you've never seen the temptation of a movie either this or the Sines (featuring all of the Mundae Sisters) are excellent options to get started. This movie is a fun and fast-paced movie (although the school's back-to-back footage gets a little old) and the DVD is fully loaded with extras including lots of previews of other companies' presentations, fantastic behind the scenes and some deleted scenes features including Open alternative. I recommend passing the Disk Reward feature, the first director's movie, because it is too weak and not really worth watching.
