Arthur Kid, a young lawyer from London, was sent to a small coastal town of Krethen Gifford to oversee the possession of a widow who recently died. While attending her funeral, a mysterious woman in black clothes caught her attention. Drablow was supposed to have lived an isolated life, and the locals remained calm. After that, head to Mrs. Drablow's palace which is only accessible on a road through the swamp during low tide. There the woman encounters black again in the graveyard outside the house, and things begin to creep when the terrifying noise of swamps begins. Mrs. Drablow's property and listening to recorded dairy articles can now help Kid discover this dark mystery that locals fear to talk about. <br /> <br /> It is often highly respected among horror lovers as one of the most chilling ghost stories ever and I can see their point of view. But only in doses does not depend on the mark. Yes, among what you can collect, it left me a little "little", although really admirable. I was expecting goose bumps all over the whole feature, but is this maybe it? You expect. Basically I had a similar reaction with the 1980 film "The Changeling". When you hear a lot of good things, it is sometimes difficult not to get involved. <br /> <br /> In any case, what the British television station "The Woman in Black" actually does is to highlight a truly old fashion, slow-burning backbone hypothesis driven by its moods, disturbing atmosphere and top notch performance. The psychological blanket of the story (quoted from Susan Hill's novel of the same name), where the simple puzzle opens up in a tragicly tragic original and describes the protagonist successfully. Something simple seems to be happening, and it can feel elusive, but the shaky randomness of it makes you angry. The camera focuses on the lady in black. Which often appears as a background figure, it is ultimately creepy. It may not all show much, but when you do. Talking about nerves! This also applies to this optimistic conclusion. Pauline Moran, who plays the role of black woman, makes us feel very nervous about her slim appearance and her sudden location. A pale look and those simple behaviors seem to haunt you. It is a spirit you do not want to cross, but let alone see. A wonderful performance by Adrian Rawlins is a wonderful mood, where the lawyer Arthur Kidd collected it together. In support, there are strong roles by Bernard Hepton, David Dacker, Clare Holman and David Ryle. <br /> <br /> Drawing on a lush, lush rural town and fuzzy coastal sites adds more to the real-life ordeal and the central piece of everything unfolds in the timeless, time-worn Victorian house that chokes the air thoroughly with constant fear. Director Herbert Wise produces carefully disturbing images that slowly cover one piece at a time in a rhythm rhythmically arranged smoothly. Instead of getting out of our way, some scenes have an annoying intensity that will not leave them. Sound effects are used brilliantly, through ambient and air confusion. Rachel Portman's horrifying musical score is how you get under your skin during those strange moments and then stay with you. <br /> <br /> This feat made specifically for television is a great and disturbing event. You may not participate in this new subtype much, but it sticks to its strengths to bring what matters in this curse.
