I was lucky enough to watch this without any noise before watching. I was surprised by the flexibility of the ghost image in my mind the next day, and the next day. I have seen it 3-4 times, and each time I appreciate it more. The settings are great, and the city at dusk has beautiful lighting effects, long marshmallows, and the house itself grows enough with moss. The main hero is very lovable and good, so easily sympathize with him. For someone who complains that there is not enough "spark" in this film, I say the reason is that the whole fight against the ghost is being waged by that person. It is a fairly slow-moving film, with an extraordinary amount of time spent, before and after the ghost attack, on the development of his personality with family and working life. SPOILERS / <br /> <br /> I particularly like the turning point, when he returns to the main city and meets with the man who helps him and explains about seeing the ghost. He describes the woman in black, and then at the end of the conversation he says he will return, because after all, what harm did you inflict on him? The other guy says, "You can not go back ... alone!" The hero lays his dog. The gentle little dog offers a small rest of humility, surrounded by the house and even inside the closed room. <br /> <br /> The many manifestations of the ghost have really exhausted me. The woman appears in the middle of the shot at the church, indicating that she is not afraid of the church, nor is she shy or constrained at home. That's all at first. Another unforgettable scene was with the children outside the church wall, as they watched the funeral. As the camera moves to the right, the woman appears in the background among the gravestones. The older man will not be seen, but the children shout and scorn him. Crreeepy ... Ghosts are usually hidden in the shadows, chasing certain languages ​​or people. As we mentioned earlier, the hatred of the ghost and his anger are frightening, and I feel that the attacks and the end were perfect and justifiable. The end confirmed the fact that the hero made a big mistake by going home. Or perhaps be distinguished regardless of the cause, by saving the gypsy girl. The man who plays the hotel manager is very reasonable and fills the role well. I spread the word to my friends about how much I enjoyed this film, and it's reassuring to see others feel the same. I can see how people do not see the same masterpiece exactly, especially if they go with it with a lot of show noise. <br /> <br /> I think someone else summed it up when they said this movie settled the question of whether or not ghosts could physically harm a man. What a wonder .. I plan to watch it again tonight followed by The Changeling, yes. Which other movies do you recommend? <br /> <br /> Thanks,
