MY NAME IS JULIA ROSS is a charming story by Joseph H. Louis in 1945, and one of the best directors in Hollywood films Noir. This 65-minute gothic surprise came from Columbia Pictures after the long apprenticeship of Lewis as a supporter of a series of strangers living in poverty, a comedy from East Side Kids, and a horror melodrama (including the amazing and amazing film Bella Bogosi in The Invisibility GHOST (Secrets of a Special Participant, Bombs on Burma, Falcon in San Francisco, etc.) --- all paved the way for what would come from the very talented and innovative Mr. Lewis. "NAME IS JULIA ROSS" (in addition to SO DAR THE NIGHT the following year) introduced the director who mastered the rare and delicate art that tells a dark and accurate story quickly and efficiently on most of the modest budgets. Louis's later productions such as GUN CRAZY (1949) and The Big Combo (1955) continued, despite the extensive scope of its narrative structure, to rely on precise and compact work and low effective effective lighting. And very modest resources. <br /> <br /> "NAME IS JULIA ROSS" is likely to condemn the traditions of British mysteries (assigned in England associated with the studio) rather than its attitudes towards the traditional attitudes of traditional cinema. A young woman (Nina Foch) agrees to take up office in the home of an old woman (Dame Mae Witty). Two days after her arrival, she awakens from a deep sleep in a completely strange house, vaguely enough, with a brand new identity - the old woman's smelling wife. She is said to have been the victim of nervous breakdowns, struggling to understand the absolute and apparently emotional nature of her predicament. But long before she begins to compile the strange and troubling truth behind this dark mystery, that her "husband" (who always threatened George MacDeigh) probably killed his real wife and was deceived to participate in an appalling and evil scheme. Much of this modest story, however, is the indelible touches that Lewis brings to production, considering it his first truly serious endeavor as a film director.
