I've always been a great fan of Nicola Rogge and "Walkabout" is one of my favorite movies. This is a cinematic version of the play Roegs play and although most of the film is made in a hotel room, it still contains some film Roegs movies. The story revolves around a famous actress (Theresa Russell), after spending difficult nights in the 1954 film, went to a hotel to visit a famous professor (Michael Emile) and spoke together in his hotel room. After a moment she wants to go to bed with him but as she begins to undress her husband presses on the door. Her husband is a former baseball player (Gary Bossi) and wants to know what is going on. The three of them talk in the hotel room about what is going on and what the future holds for them. At the same time, a famous senator (Tony Curtis) threatens to loot the professors' papers if he fails to testify at a hearing. Teresa Russell is only excellent, and although she does not try to impersonate Marilyn Monroe specifically, she does a great job of investigating phobia and the nuances that Monroe is famous for. The only thing the film shows is that she is not just a woman on the verge of mental breakdown but also shows her as a physical wreck. She talks about her inability to have children, and at one point in the film, she suffers from abortion. You can prove that this is the best performance for Russell and probably will not argue. The film is an interesting thing to show many memories of the past as the characters continue to talk about one thing and in the flashback we see one of the many reasons for their actions. Busey also offers a strong performance and reminds me of his strong personality on screen. Emile as a professor is a character who has a lot of things in mind, then we originally thought. The final scene in this film is evidence of his dark side! One of the highlights of the film for me is the little conversation he has had with the elevator man (Will Sampson of "The Cuckoo's Nest") discussing what Cherokee Indians think at all times. But of course, the famous scene in this film is where Russell explains to Emil how he understands the theory of relativity and uses toys to show it. Professor pleased with its manifestations as well as we! Russell and Rogge are married in real life and do a great job when they are helpful and maybe this is their best film together. Good performance and a very interesting output make this film a challenging film.
