Italy produced a lot of great and truly original horror movies in the 1960s - and this is certainly one of them! The first thing you will notice about Danse Macabre is the movie style. Filmed in beautiful black and white, and because of the use of director Antonio Margretti for lighting; the film looks like a German horror film expression. This, along with the intriguing plot line, ensures that Danse Macabre is a film that truly captures the essence of horror. There is no doubt that the beautiful appearance of Barbara Steele in the film does not hurt things - and the good news continues as she, in this film, shows her acting muscles more than she did in films that made her famous. The plot is fully aware of the time it was released, bringing together the great Edgar Allen Poe. Alan Foster, a writer who accepts a bet from Bo himself and Lord Blackwood, follows that he can not spend a whole night in the dreaded old castle. Everyone who spent the night there has died before ... and our hero is about to meet the previous bets! <br /> <br /> At present, horror movies do not tend to focus too much on each shot, and the result is that there is not much beauty left in this genre. So it is refreshing to see this film. Many of the clips here are unbelievably beautiful - from the female side of the couple wearing just a transparent skirt, to my personal preference - a smoke shot sneaks out from under the door. This is the first film by Antonio Margherie, and even after watching this film; obviously he was one of Italy's top managers. Also interesting is the fact that the script was co-written by other great Italians; the creative jango Sergio Corboche. The plot can get stuck a little at times, but there is always enough air at hand to make sure that the film will never become boring - and the fact that it always intrigues, even when the plot slows down, ensures the same thing. The way Danse Macabre uses the "Haunted House" feature is good and innovative, and helps keep the story as bizarre as possible. On the whole, lovers of Italian cinema and / or worship will not want to miss this little gem!
