If you're a fan of gothic horror, you're certainly quite content to love the wonderful 60's "Blood Castle". We are really talking about annoying nuisance doors, strange images that seem to move, and candles automatically die even though there is no wind and smoke from under the doors of heavy wooden rooms. Speaking in terms of atmosphere and elegance, this wonderful piece of Gothic filmmaking is one of the best in it; there is one very small league down features such as "Black Sunday", "The Three Faces of Fear" and "Curse of the Crying Woman". The great directors Sergio Corboche ("The Great Silence" and "Jango") and Antonio Margaritti ("Cannibal Apocalypse" and "Killer Fish") have succeeded in all areas, including a powerful conspiracy (real nightmare) Elegant black and white photography, chilling music in the spine, and a wonderful array of talented performers. Barbara Steele, the aforementioned "Black Sunday" star and the Italian gothic series 1, shine again as a soul-wielding character surrounded by literally excellent actors. One of them, Silvano Tranquilli, offers even a somewhat moving portrait of Edgar Allan Poe. The story relates to him and another wealthy visitor from a rural bar challenging a young, savage journalist to accept the freakish bet. If it is ?? Alan Foster? He will survive a one-night stay at the famous Blackwood Castle, receive the amazing $ 10 bonus and an interview at the newspaper Bo. Needless to say, this ordeal is much more serious than it seems, even for someone like Alan Foster who does not believe in ghosts and vampires. The night begins for him so wonderful that he meets with the stunning beautiful woman you dream of, but he gradually learns that Blackwood Castle is a hell place where the ghosts of deceased visitors are located in the past forever. I do not know about you, but this is one of my favorite horror movies. Co-director Antonio Margherie was also proud of this film, because he produced it several years later as "The Spider Web." This film had a handful of winning works, for example, representing at least Klaus Kinski in the role of Edgar Allan Bo, but in general this original film is very superior. "Castle of Blood" explodes with the atmosphere and maintains a completely disturbing atmosphere. This is really a rare film that can make hair on your arms and the back of the neck rises with fear if you see it in the right circumstances. See it late at night, preferably alone and in a candlelit room, and you'll get an idea of ​​the true definition of horror.
