I originally saw this film as a boy in the old Rialto theater as part of a three-hour bill on Saturday afternoon that also included "The Last Man on Earth" by Vincent and Mario Bava for a nightmare castle. I had nightmares about blood lust lusts for a week afterwards! Although I did not know then, the three films will prove to be a classic of this kind. No wonder you're so scared! Although all three films scared me, it was the castle of blood that had the most profound impact. <br /> <br /> It was the first film in the bill. I could not even see him from the start because we were late getting into the cinema and we lost the first 20 minutes of the film. There is much to be missed because the print that was edited lasted only about 79 minutes (87 minutes). However, dark dark skies (full of ruined castles, broken fog, shadows and spider webs), gothic design, strong acting, and suspense (especially in the last 20 minutes) frightened bejeepers from me and made a lasting impression. On a copy of the film for my collection. Since it was a French import - Italy, it was not a film that appeared in the late Winnipeg program. I did not remember the title (remember I could not see the beginning of the movie and I was afraid without fear). To make matters worse, the film was literally under the title of dozens of different titles (also known as Danze Macabre), the coffin of terrorism, Long, etc.) and the title of the American / British work "Blood Fort" was very year-old, similar to dozens of horror films and other suspense, making it a connoisseur. But thanks to the Internet and perseverance, I finally found it! Yalha from watching the film finally in full after several years! It may not have the enormous emotional impact it has produced when I was young, but as the movies of the living houses approach, stand up and compare favorably with similar iconic films in that period such as The Haunting, The Innocents or Black Sunday, It is a good early effort by Italian director Antonio Margherie, who is the star of the 1960s, the icon of Queen Barbara Steel, presenting a well-written screenplay by Sergio Corboche about a skeptical writer (George Riviere) who spends a night in a haunted house and is undoubtedly part of an annual ghost story. Such as caring for ghost love - as with Arturo Domin Jesse like Dr. Carmos and Margaret Robesham in the role of Julia. <br /> <br /> Many of the tricks Margarity uses to create a strange atmosphere of the film (spider webs, annoying doors, fog, etc.) must be seen in front of an audience But more effective in black and white than at any time in modern colors, instead of using body censuses and special effects, the film creates horror in the old fashion, based on a good story, an elegant direction, Interesting, powerful representations. Margaritti does a wonderful job taking these elements and adopting the suspense of the film because the terrible secret terrifying in the house gradually reveals itself to the writer of the unwanted. <br /> <br /> The movie is not without any errors. The pace continues at the beginning of the film (paradoxically that 20 minutes I originally missed). This is likely to be further exacerbated by the efforts of Syn Syn movies to restore the film to its original length. Although fans will probably be able to see the film in return - on the one hand - it may be more of a hindrance than a help. English audio diplomas are just audio clips, and in the restored scenes, the language changes from English to French (English translations are provided) which are certainly disturbing to some viewers. <br /> <br /> However, Synapse Films deserves praise for print quality. It is clear that some efforts have been made to restore them and deserve it. <br /> <br /> I enjoyed the movie strongly and strongly recommended it to the gothic gothic fans, or anyone with a good ghost story. <br /> Rob Rheubottom Winnipeg, MB Canada
