Antonio Margherie "Danza Macapra" is also known as. The "Castle of Blood" of 1964 is an amazingly beautiful and amazing masterpiece of Italian Gothic horror, and after "La Maschera Del Demonio" by Mario Bava (also known as "Black Sunday") and "The And Pendulum" by Roger Corman in 1961 Starring Vincent Bryce) is another must-see and has won the most impressive Barbara Steel than her fame as the most important female horror icon in the history of animation. But not only was the beautiful and brilliant Barberi Steele one of my favorite actresses of all time. The "Danza Makapra" scenario was co-written by the master of cinematic Sergio Corboche, who produced these masterpieces in the Western Spaghetti "Jango" (1966) The Great "(1968). Antonio Margaritti is the second in Italy (after Mario Bava), one of the masters of Gothic horror at all, and the "Castle of Blood" is undoubtedly his greatest achievement. Hardly another film works brilliantly in creating an incredibly painful atmosphere, but it is as beautiful as this scary masterpiece. <br /> <br /> When the famous writer confronts terrifying stories, Edgar Allan Bo, in the gloomy London bar, young journalist Alan Foster (George Riviere) accepts a bet from a nobleman that he can not spend a night in a haunted castle every night The souls. Once Foster enters the alien castle, mysterious things begin to occur. However, after a short while, a charming resident of the castle, the beautiful Elizabeth Blackwood (Barbara Steel). However, the mysterious events so far have been just an introduction to the horrors of the castle, yet ... <br /> <br /> Preparing an alien castle alone will suffice to create a gloomy mood, white and black excellent cinematography and the great result achieved by Reese Ortolani Create an incredibly painful atmosphere which is strange to compare. Barbara Steele wonderful brilliant As always, I simply can not find enough words to praise this wonderful actress. There was no other actress able to unify charming beauty with the stranger as with Steele, and there is no actress at all. Along with Steele, the crew has another stunning beauty, Margarete Robsahm, which also offers great performance. George Rivier's performance as Alan Foster is wonderful, and the rest of the shows are also very good. The "Castle of Blood" is wonderful in many departments: Barbara Steel offers one of her best performances, the cinema and the sites that chase her beautifully beyond comparison, the atmosphere is incredibly strange ... The film is simply full of atmosphere, gothic beauty and horror art. In short: "The Castle of Blood" is one of the most gothic horror films in the world and the largest ever, and should not be missed by anyone interested in this genre! 10/10
