The actresses are now gaining weight, embellishing their hair, or wearing chandeliers, losing their sparkle to a role, and it may have been the house of Davis that started this trend. Even when she was a pretty young woman who sometimes wore designer clothes and makeup of the Constance Bennett genre in the movies, Davis was willing to sabotage herself in order to create a personality from the outside as well as inside. <br /> <br /> Determined here in her exploratory film "From the Bondage of Man", she starred with Leslie Howard as Philip Carey. Davis plays the role of Mildred, a slutty Slutty, greedy in a low life with Howard, Masonic by Howard. Meets her first when she is a waitress, and allows him to take her out to dinner and theater while she is harassed by a wealthy old man (Alan Hale Sr.). In fact, Mildred was expelled by Philip's club. For his part, Phillip seems to enjoy the abuse of her flirtation and coldness towards him. He allows Mildred to bleed financially between friends who fall when they tire of her, while two really beautiful women (Kay Johnson and Francis De) blow up. When he gets the gums to throw them out, Mildred smashes his apartment and steals his house, forcing him to withdraw from the medical school and lose his home. Although Leslie Howard was a wonderful and attractive actor, his acting style in an old school is more formal, and as a result, he tends so far to anything he has. He shines in an article such as his role in front of Davis in "It's Love I'm After" or "The fossilized forest" that calls for some kind of style. His historian is more visible here because Davis was inventing a new ground with a bold and solemn performance that would truly make her name. If she sometimes looks above the top, she has come from the stage, and will show her later cinematic craps. Compare the performance, self-control, warmth and kindness shown by Henriette in "All This, and Heaven Too" or the nurses she brought to Dark Dark Victory. She was a real actress and a real artist. Davis allows herself to really look like the holy hell; Mildred's degradation is absolutely pathetic, as Philip seems to gain strength as her soul vanishes. <br /> <br /> An excellent movie to watch the thrill of one of the film's greatest stars.
