When reading websites on Bette Davis, one can find cases in which the authors claim that there is nothing distinctive about their behavior. I even found a site claiming that the success of Bette Davis was probably due to her luck. But Mrs. Davis's 1934 films reflect the exact opposite. The most obvious example is a couple of weeks later: Fog over Frisco and On Human Bondage. The characters in these films, though negative, are quite different. Arlene in the past is a beautiful heir, glamorous and frivolous and a much more beloved figure of Mildred in the latter, a pale and uneducated waitress. Needless to say, Ms. Davis played both the very authentic and the same enthusiasm. But even this is not all. The important point is that the previous role, which she hopes for most actresses today, is the role she was forced to play. The last role, which seemed to most actresses an undesirable and destructive role in the career, was the role I fiercely fought for months. His last role was among the greatest stars. So there is no doubt that Ms. Davis knew from the start what she was doing. <br /> <br /> The film, which tells about medical student Philip Carey (Leslie Howard) who falls in love with the unhappy Cockney waitress Mildred Rogers (Pitt Davis), has a few points a week, but lots of strong points. The story is simply too large to be listed in just 83 minutes. For example, it is not entirely clear why a refined student found any interest in a rude waitress in the first place. Well, there's one scene in which we see the attractive eyes of Mrs. Davis, but this is the time when his emotions are already fully developed. However, the integrity of the story is preserved through the superior representation of Howard and Davis as well as the wonderful Steiner music that tells a lot of emotions even when we do not see faces of characters. In fact, the film was integrated through Philip's walking chains that show him from the back complemented with two-tone repetition. Every thoughtful detail - Max Steiner wrote a beautiful idea for every woman in Phillip's life, which is constantly used through the film. The beautiful scene in which we see Sally's face in front of the calendar is one of the sweetest scenes I have ever seen because of the amazing beauty of Frances de Die (Mrs. De Hee was very beautiful to play a leading role in John with the Wind) as well as the music of Steiner. Camera movements between some scenes are also original and refreshing. <br /> <br /> But my strongest objection is that the events are presented very bi-dimensional, which motivate the viewer to be Mildred's final slap. He must be the most repulsive figure of the men who attract her to the relationship, although they know very well that they will abandon it after being exploited, but, curiously, they have finished filming beloved characters. After all, Mildred is always - in her specific, but still in an honest way - lets Philip know she despises him and has no interest in it. Which he refuses to hear. It is the failed nature of Phillips associated with his infant experience and childish experience which is the main cause of his love problem. He is enslaved to his foot in his club like Mildred, and may have to be free of the two to start a normal life. Of course, Mildred's selfish and repulsive, after Philip's voluntary slavery was discovered, did his own part to make his life hell. Even taking into account that it exploded after realizing that slavery had subsided, it is unclear why Philip's money is burned (Magam is meant to be different in his novel). After all, she can steal it and submerge a gallon of champagne. <br /> <br /> For modern standards, the movie has become a bit out of date, but every time you follow it, you can uncover new and interesting details because of its superb acting, brilliant music and original editing, so it deserves the highest possible mark.
