Betty Davis's dramatic performance is that it is hard to remember other female players. It was perfect in their parts as Davis was on her salary - they did not have much to do. Some reviewers felt that the book was much better - the goal was to give the film, and it is advisable to have a book of 600 pages up to 83 minutes is not a feat. The first part of the book did not reach the screen - he told me about Philip's childhood, then moved to Germany and Paris, where Philip went to try to make him as a good artist. He also tells the story of his first love - with Fanny Price, who kills herself when she realizes that Philip can not bring back love. It's a wonderful book, but I think anyone who does not think much about the film should read the book and know how good the film is. <br /> <br /> After realizing that Philip Carey (Leslie Howard) would never be a humble painter returning to England in the hope of taking medicine. When he goes out in a cafe, he meets a sharp waiter, Mildred (Pitt Davis). Although she is not interested in him and treats him mainly like dirt, Philip is obsessed. It is very difficult to watch his efforts in an attempt to find any courtesy in this wicked evils. In one scene, I promised to meet him in a second-class rail room. When they were absent from each other, he worried, "Why would I wait in a second-class room when there is a first-class waiting room?" You just want to shake it. The only time she rejoice is when she tells him she will marry another man, a rough salesman, Emile Miller (Alan Hill). With Mildred from the picture, Nora (Kay Johnson) meets a beautiful woman, writes romantic novels under a male pseudonym. She jokes about the popularity of books among the servants (in the novel that Mildred saw reading.) Nora gives Phillip all the love and trust he needs but is unable to love her. When Mildred returns (Miller does not marry her and has a child), he takes care of her and helps her with the child (in the film he is treated as an object - always called "child" and never given a name or gender). <br /> <br /> In the hospital he meets Sally Atelney (Francis de), who is visiting her sick father. Begins to visit her home, and for the first time in his life acquire a sense of family. Then surprise! Surprise! Mildred returns like a bad penny and a surprise! Philip takes it. But he did not change and felt disgusted only when she tried to show gratitude the only way she knew how. Then follows one of the most vicious verbal battles in the film with phrases like "You're almost, you're dirty pigs", "I just kissed you because you begged me" and "When I went I wiped my mouth, wiped my mouth" !!! In the book, there were many Mildred stock phrases such as "You are a gentleman in every sense of the word", "I do not mind", "Mr. High and Mighty" were associated with prostitutes, and when Phillip first met him, he got it. <br /> <br /> The end of the film shows Philip (being really free of Mildred in the only possible way) and is now free to love Sally. Again in the book, Sally tells Philip that she believes she has a child but that makes him more confident than his love. This end, like "Mildred's" disease, can not be in the film - even the preset code. <br /> <br /> Kay Johnson has always been invited to play sensible women and beliefs - which she played to perfection was obviously reasonable herself. Nora was the woman Philip should have set up. Frances de was one of the nicest screen places. She was obviously preparing for stardom with some roles that proved she was not just a pretty face ("silver rope" and "blood money"). But when she married Joel MacKaria her career began to fade. Sally has not paid her talent to the limit. Obviously Leslie Howard was not very helpful to Davis House in the group - he was upset not to give the English actress this role. He used to cast her lines "while reading a book outside the camera." He began to care when a newspaper reported that "the child was running away with the picture" !!! <br /> <br /> Highly recommended.
