This was put in 1934 by Somerset's novel Mugham Putting Pitt Davis on the map as a film actress. She may have won an Oscar for her performance, but the films were made on loan, so her studio did not pay her. Its conduct in this matter does not meet current standards. Because the heartless waitress who shakes Phillip, a sensitive medical student, is about his life almost, Davis is very angry and almost demonic. Director John Cromwell, who usually conjured up good performances from his actors, may have been drowned in this film. Davis is certainly discoverable, but he is so cruel and predatory that man rarely appears. I imagine that Millie's character is calmer and less feminine than Davis, with perhaps a touch of queer. Davis enjoys a strong and immediate presence, where she has no ambiguity, making her Philip's appeal seem too masochistic. <br /> <br /> Philip, Leslie Howard is also excellent. His wide, somewhat flawed looks are perfect for this failed taste. Nor does he impose a personal explanation on his part, for example, perhaps Dirk Bogard did his work, giving his work a rare expression. He seems to be quite in control here, as it should be, in playing a rational man in the grip of illogical emotions that he can not manage or even fully satisfy, because the subject of his emotions drives him in ways he can not understand. Howard was a good actor, often represented in standard romantic parts that forced him to retreat from the magic he did not use here. <br /> <br /> It has been a long time since I first read the book and feel comfortable in commenting on the sincerity of her film. I think it embodies the spirit of the story well enough, and it contains in Howard the ideal Phillip Curry. Sexual currents are silent, and in some cases Philip behaves in such a way that in the absence of strong sexual feelings one wonders about the rationality of the personality, and certainly not about Mr. Mugam's intention. Thanks to Howard's performance, Philip remains in his focus, as one can see in his various responses and aspirations to the millions of extremism to which rational reason will go to rational understanding, in himself and others. <br /> <br /> In general, it's a very good film, and a little composite at times, because of its age, it evokes London well, and it behaves well most of the time.
