The accent of Betty Davis in this film is very shocking. But believe me, it's half as good as the tone of Dick Van Dyke in Mary Poppins, and it was a true burden of the old dowry (which was transferred to the slang London - many apologies) . <br /> <br /> To me, strange dialects and exaggerated acting patterns do not detract from the power of films. Of Human Bondage is a wonderful piece of cinema despite its surface errors. It must also be seen in perspective. The technical and cultural limitations of the film industry must be appreciated at the time. Given these limitations, John Cromwell does a very good job of directing the camera and allowing the narrative to evolve into cinematic rather than systematic dialogue. A good example of his skillful direction is the scene he was assigned at Victoria Station. It is beautifully visualized, shot and edited. He also noted the stark footage of the Mildred prostration at the end of the film; they owe more to the early days of filmmaking than the sterile and identical world of the studio that was about to dominate. <br /> <br /> Movie themes are globally familiar and compelling: sexual obsession, unwanted love, sarcastic passion, self-loathing, manipulative relationships, social gaps and the folly of young people. Although dialogue is often penetrated, the difficult task of portraying these subjects and the inner life of characters is well handled albeit in a low way. Some of the scenes of mania and emotional rejection are uncomfortable to watch but the story does not turn into cliché; we realize that the characters (even the poisonous Mildred) are victims and perpetrators alike, and that their actions are driven by their misunderstanding of each other's feelings as well as through deliberate selfishness. While naive in style the story reaches the complex heart of the human condition and the majestic nature of representation and exchanges from time to time do not reduce the health of work. <br /> <br /> Human Humanage was one of the films that got Bette Davis in Hollywood and as you watch it, you realize that you are witnessing the birth of a famous career. Her unconventional beauty and attractive personality (not criticized or despised just like Ms. Davis) draws your attention from her first appearance. While this is certainly an unforgettable performance in the film, Leslie Howard is also excellent as the sensitive and fragile student Philip Carey. They are a good mix, why why did not they help her in this horrible horrible accent !?
