I loved Leslie Howard in his best films. However, for some reason, his performances in OF HUMAN BONDAGE never moved me. She first watched the film on campus in 1972, and the reviewer in the college newspaper commented that Howard in the 1930s and 1940s played roles that Dirk Pogard was later to pick up as the man he was born to betray. This is not usually the case (I think Ashley Wilkes is elusive as a man who might be betrayed, if he and Scarlett O'Hara were supposed to be Margaret Mitchell's agent - but Ashley loved Melloni and not Scarlett). Howard can play any kind, and the role like RJ Mitchell or Professor Henry Higgins is not the person who is betrayed. * One can prove that Philip Armstrong Scott was betrayed by two outsiders who showed generosity in Budget 49, but from the Nazis, who consider him a liberal, Western and Canadian game, to double their passage in wartime , It is not like emotional betrayal, Howard does not care about it, but he faces the Nazis and picks up one after beating him.) <br /> <br /> I think the reference is to be affectionate - or try to be compassionate. Watch his poet - the dreamer - wander in the rocky forest. But this character has not been betrayed, except perhaps through history (because he feels that his type is as old as the bands played by Humphrey Bogart). Philip Carey's character in Somerset Maugham's OF HUMAN BONDAGE is very affectionate. It is sensitive for several reasons. He has an interest in art and tries to become a painter - but unlike the artist Strickland in the moon and age has no real talent. So he decided to focus on medical studies, confirmed by the status of his club's foot. Here he is a man of low self-esteem who has been prepared for betrayal. <br /> <br /> Philip sees this betrayal in the form of waitress Mildred a Cockney (Bette Davis) who is mercenary and selfish as she comes. Why not film Philip for her in the film, but he finds a wonderful woman. I found him an easy meal ticket. Ironically, to misinterpret this slut, Phillip failed to notice two other women interested in him (Kay Johnson and Francis de), and more suited to be his companion. He also finds himself forgiving Davis when she has relationships with other men (Alan Hill and Ronald Denny - the latter's friend to Howard). <br /> <br /> Although Howard's performance embodies Philip's mop tilt toward Mildred, he actually does not show enough emotion (until the late film, when he reviews it). That is why I find that I have never cared about his performance here - he lacks any truth. His insistence that he was tortured later on he went to love Olivia de Haviland, not Vivian Lee, has more consistency with a man in love. But the performance of Davis as Mildred makes the film important. She had a wide range of parts until 1934, such as a pianist's girlfriend in the man who played God or the pious heir who was killed in FOG OVER FRISCO or a mouse-like secretary at THREE ON MATCH. Mildred also finally showed that she could be a major actress by playing a selfish bitch. <br /> <br /> It is strange that their performance was not all. While Howard is abused and abused in two-thirds of the film, culminating in this famous scene where she showed how disgusted she was by her making, her last scenes show that she can collapse because of her poor health and inability to maintain any honest jobs. When Howard refuses, viewers fail to notice how fierce he is becoming (asking what happened to her child - telling him that the child has died and Howard terribly speaking that he is happy, barely the answer you expect). In the end, Howard arranged his life in the end, but Mildred finishes a wound (ironically her death was discovered by her old friend Denny in a medical call). The Motion Pictures Academy of Arts and Sciences failed to nominate Davis in 1934 (leading to the largest writing campaign and permanent change in its rules), but Davis was founded as a star. In one year she won an Oscar for the role of Joyce Heath in danger. And shared two years with Howard again (as equal stars) in the encouraging forest.
