This film revolves around sexual obsession. Bet Davis plays Mildred. This is a woman attracted to men. Not because she is a beautiful beautiful girl but because she is a sexy entity. Now the film does not come out and say so but it is clear. There is a scene in the film where men watch their eyes. She works as a waitress in a coffee shop, she can not read and she does not look at anyone but she flirts. It is clear that the male customers in this cafe are there because of them. One day, Philip presented a failed student at the medical school who comes to the store to say a good word to his friend, but becomes trapped the moment he sees it. He starts buying things for her so she pays for her apartment. At the same time, you see other people and do not hide their secrets. He dreams of her as an angel, but she is not an angel. He thinks about it constantly. His middle school grades fail. So what is a very good nookie. He wants to marry her but she refuses because she marries another man. She always lets Phil know she does not have any feelings of love all the time. He is heartbroken but meets another woman. Looks good but obviously he still dreams of Bembo. Mildred returns with a child and is not married. Phillip takes her back, but she begins to go out with his friend, the light bulb comes a little and throws it out. She does what she knows, so she tries to seduce him, he does not succeed, and starts burning his school money. Oh, we have a foot in the club having problems with them, although a street teenager with the same problem tells him to ease it up. Another girl called Sally meets our montage in March of the time that shows her aging while her leotard along is still waiting for Mildred. Well, he has no school fees and can not find a job. Finally, Sally and her father take him. Not before the montage performs another march as it heads down. Soon his uncle who is my lord died and gets the money to become a doctor. At the same time Mildred finds his need again. She has tuberculosis. Meanwhile, Sally is still driving the Spring Flower Road around the marriage as he takes over the steamer. When Bembo dies, Philip announces that he is free now and will marry Sally. I wished I had told him to keep it. Now I know that my saying about the characters will not get any points. But I felt that Philip was the bad guy. Yes Mildred is Strumpet but he knows it, and he continues to return. I mean, while he has two other girlfriends who love him but he is treated as an appetizer. I think the sex was not good. But in any case he was chasing those women waiting for Mildred. Not only that, but the man who has Mildred already married and when Phillip asks him what he intends to do about the child (he seems to be the name of the child) who laughs, has no intention of supporting her and her child is rich. Sali's father, who has 9 children, says some bad things about women, but it's said to be old-fashioned. Philip does not seem to refute his feelings either. Men use Mildred as a state for boys, but men in this film come out safe. Yes, she was not a respectable woman but far from evil. For me, Philip was the one who encountered the real problem and had a sexual obsession for Mildred.
