After 21 films and three years of Hollywood work Beth Davis finally got the role she claimed to have and which she put as a calculated force. As Mildred Rogers, Davies exploded with a completely unfriendly role of a waitress whore who became the target of Leslie Howard's emotions and already eager to immerse her teeth in such a role, she had no fears of the terrible things that meant her character to do throughout the film and the awful transformation she Will be subject to. It has also been widely observed that her performance here, one of the few things that make this movie a little uneven, was among the things to remember even after remaking two scenes and scenes in which Howard entered the history of cinema. <br /> <br /> In about 85 minutes, the story moves at a nice pace, telling the story of Philip Carey (Howard) as his life passes through the life of the devastated Mildred Rogers. <br /> <br /> The chemistry of Howard and Davis does not exist at all - Davis maintained in an interview later in life that she did not care much about Howard's desire for her and that helped her behave worse (in character) towards him as Mildred . However, the two seem awkward with each other. Their sights remain solid, saved only by the fierce acidity that Davis brings to their lines and nervousness. Then again, the direction of Cromwell has some flexibility in itself and which fails to appear at times - it attempts to fill some space (when Davis is not present) with melting and montage that indicate the passage of time (a calendar overlaid on the Francis D change). So much in style at the time. This was before the emergence of technical facts and complex camera angles, and in essence, the visual story is a simplified translation of the basics of the novel Somerset Mugam - which says a lot, 600 pages ago, "Of Human Bondage" was really difficult to portray until then. <br /> <br /> Philically, Philip Carey may be an evil villain, since there is no noticeable sexual attraction between him and Mildred and doubling that, Mildred never hides her displeasure at the outset. Howard's performance does not seem to have many external feelings - his eyes are always sad, his expression never lost (he may be very close to William Hurt in The Accidental Tourist - depressed, painful, and very negative), but that may be part of His character and the reason for his failure to see that the other women (played by Kay Johnson and Francis de) are making themselves vulnerable to unwanted influences. Interestingly, Nora Johnson, once she realizes that Carrie will never fall for her, sums up the story by noting that people are connected to other people - she is bound to Carrie as Carrie is bound by Mildred, and Mildred herself. It must be Miller (or men who are proportional to the provider's role). In her unforgettable short scene, she is the person who holds the essence of the moral story.
