"Back to Room 36" is one of Shaw's classic Kung-Fu films in the 1970s and 1980s, which is the same as the Western Spaghetti in Hollywood and the hero Gordon Liu, the counterpart of Clint Eastwood in the West. It has been digitally rewritten and a new edition of the great film festival, "Shown in the Shaw Scope," just like the old days. <br /> <br /> This film is a simple story of good versus evil, and has been narrated in 3 works, summarizing in one way or another the narration of martial arts films of that era. <br /> <br /> Act One puts the basic idea. Workers in a small village do not feel much more satisfied, with their salaries reduced by 20 percent by the new Manchu gangsters. They can not do much about their exploitation because none of them are skilled martial arts against gangs and their boss. At first, they had a minor success in persuading Liu to impersonate the highly skilled Shaolin monk (one of the best comedies), but their appearance was revealed when they pushed the credibility of a single personality by several times. <br /> <br /> Chapter II illustrates the hero of the novel who wants to return to the mob. However, without real martial arts, he embarked on a trip to the Shaolin Temple, to try to sneak and learn martial arts to tamper with. After some slack moments, he finally received his acceptance from the Abbot (who impersonated him) but was disappointed with the teaching methods - somewhat like Mr. Miyagi's style in Karate Kid, but instead of painting the fences, he erected scaffolding all over the temple. There is nothing that can mask a good man, he inadvertently builds strength and endurance and learns kung fu in an unconventional way. <br /> <br /> Chapter 3 is where the fighting begins. With cheesy sound effects, each clear non-contact effect is given on the film maximum effect of treatment. But it is refreshing to see the scenes of fighting here, with its wide angle shots to highlight the clarity and detail between the competing partners, and the use of slow motion only to display stunts at different angles. You may find that the speed of the battles is very slow, with some interruptions between the movements, but with the use of Yuen Wo Ping and his style of nausea in Hollywood clicks, they certainly do not make fighting scenes as they used to! Going back to room 36 you get a repeat check on Monday, so if you're on a nostalgic journey down the lane of memory, what are you waiting for?
