I thought this would be a complement to the original "36th Chamber of Shaolin", but it was actually more than a light "sister" to the original. Gordon Liu is still playing as a potential hero in his quest to learn kung fu to defeat these troublesome manchu ... but this time he has become lighter and more comic. The film is centered around the local dye factory, where wages are reduced by the hiring of 10 new Manchurian presidents. Liu plays the role of "Zhao," who can fool the windmills into thinking that he is a Shaolin monk with the magic of Kung Fu magic. But his fortune is running out, he is being cheated, and millers are going to go to the Shaolin monastery to learn kung fu, and come back to protect them. <br /> <br /> Comedy really begins at the monastery where Zhao is making several attempts to get acceptance. This puts a lot of really funny moments, and a lot of great combat dances. Continuing the tradition of "36th room", we see all kinds of elegant and interesting (and most enjoyable) training in the monastery as well as the creative use of wooden benches as weapons. <br /> <br /> Also unique and remarkable is the combination of kung fu and bamboo scaffold construction craft. Zhao was not accepted as a student in Shaolin but was designed to build bamboo scaffolds in order to "renovate 10 years" of the monastery. On the DVD I bought, there is a private building on the bamboo scaffold and inspiration from director Lau Kar-Leung. This is a craft that is hundreds of thousands (perhaps thousands) of years old. In Hong Kong, scaffolding is still built of bamboo, even in large tall buildings, although the West uses exclusively steel pipes and clamps. As a result of his work in the scaffolding, Chao developed a special style of kung fu ... When asked about his kind, he answered with joy "Kung Fu Scaffolding !!" Which he first experienced during dust with the Abbey Abbey. In the final confrontation with the Manchu, there is an impressive array of creative uses of bamboo poles and ties. <br /> <br /> From the perspective of comedy, I think it is one of the best Kung Fu types. As a kung fu movie in general, it also highlights ... I recommend it to anyone!
