Well, here's another great example of making 70's! The primitive premise of "What's up with Helen?" It is horrible and very annoying, but it is presented in an elegant and sophisticated way! In the hands of any other film team, this will certainly be a story of bad exploitation and courage, but with director Curtis Harrington ("Who Runs Aunt Rowe?") And screenwriter Henry Farrell ("Hush ?? Hush ?? Sweet Charlotte"), A beautiful and charming combination of subjects and species. The basic plot of the film is certainly appalling, but there is much to be experienced, such as love stories, the swinging atmosphere of the 1930s, and a lot of singing and dancing! The setting is undoubtedly what makes this film unique. We literally returned to the 1930s, with a vivid portrayal of music, religion, theater and wardrobes of the era. After a long and exhausting trial that sentenced their children to life in prison for murder, Adele (Debbie Reynolds) and Helen (Shelley Winters) fled to California and tried to start a new life running a dance school for gifted girls. Adele adapts herself to the new environment, where she falls in love with the local millionaire, but Helen is still sinking into a spiral of insanity and madness. She hears only the distraction of a radio announcer, and fears that she will be punished for the crimes her son has committed and is slowly evolving into violent tendencies. The script, although not entirely free of defects, is well written and the film is fast enough. There is never a dull moment in "What's up for Helen", although the strings of singing, dancing and tango dancing are quite extended and have nothing to do with the actual scheme. But the weather is continuing and the film certainly benefits from the great performance of Shelley Winters. She is openly frightening as an unpredictable and introverted woman about to pick up any second, especially during the last 10 minutes or so, she looks more terrifying than Freddy Krogerz, Jason Vorhis and Michael Myers combined! There are many wonderful supporting figures who, unfortunately, lag behind a bit and have been robbed of their potential, such as Michelle McMuller as a cocky rock teacher, Agnes Morehead as a traitor and Timothy Curry as an awful visitor to the ladies' house. There are a couple of amazingly stunning sights and moments of real shock to enjoy for Grand Guignol fans, but the designs for fashion and clothing (even the Oscar nomination!) Are amazing.
