I have watched this (and recorded) a few years ago on local television, and after feeling confused about it, I scanned the tape afterwards; however, when it was released by MGM as part of the "Midnite Movie" DVD double features of Curtis Harrington / Shelley Winters At a very reasonable price, I could not resist giving it a second look (I've finished this since printing). In fact, I have received the DVD a few months ago but now, just after Harrington's departure, have you reached it; fortunately, this time I was more receptive to the film, and in fact, is it now one of the most gratifying things for the child Jane? (1962) tradition (with, incidentally, co-authored screenwriter Henry Farrell). <br /> <br /> The film is a great tribute to the Depression of the 1930s - with its deadly baby frenzy and sensational murders (exploited during the fake film opening); it is elegantly made (famous for Lucian Ballard's cinematography and design) Defined by Eugene Laurie) and is characterized by David Raksin's effective degree. Shelley Winters, Debbie Reynolds and Michael MacLiammoir offer excellent performances; the latter is particularly impressive as a life-size dancer and a mysterious villain (although he eventually proves to be just a red hymn!). Dennis Weaver and Agnes Moorhead also appeared (just because it was just a veil, in fact, where the evangelist is often played over the radio). <br /> <br /> Many people seem to regret the inclusion of musical numbers by children (including the tradition of Mae West), but I personally did not bother them; the film takes little notice of it because of the unbridled speed and complex plot (Perhaps unnecessarily). Reynolds - the musical star herself - is ideal for the owner of the dance school, and despite their rivalry, she works with Winters well together. The latter, in fact, gives a more balanced picture of the madness of greatness and madness than was the case in WHO? (1971); narrative, then, comes with a number of satirical transformations leading to the expected abolition of the Grand Guignol type. Apparently, the size of the film (originally contained more ideas and even lesbian suggestion!) Was reduced to Martin Ranohoff - against Harrington's wishes - for PG rating ...
