The most unusual in sub-cinematic subtypes is the so-called "Great Ladies of the Great Guinol": horror films in the camp that combine sophisticated melodrama and gothic excitement and have always starred as an almost inexperienced and forgotten actress from Hollywood's golden age in senseless roles either as victims who Long suffering or screaming evil guitars. This type gave them an extraordinarily representative display that allowed them to enter their objects on the screen again and win new generations of fans at the expense of their wonderful images from yesterday. <br /> <br /> "What's up with Helen" is the last point of this sub-genre with amazing performances by Debbie Reynolds and Shelley Winters as troubled mothers of convicted criminals fleeing from their past to sunny California in the 1930s to open a talent school for mothers' milk The impulsions who want their daughters to be Shirley's next temple. At the same time, Shelley gets a lot of horrific memories, threats of anonymous calls, threats of strangers, the threat of Avenues Morehead as a radio announcer, and a nice little rabbit (Auch!). The fuzzy text (coined by Henry Farrell, the man who started all this with "What Happened to Baby Jane" with director Robert is filled with Aldrich, Joan Crawford, and House of Davis With the plot of the plot and the red herring and missed opportunities that could have made this film great: fashion (The relationship between Deby and Chile and the fact that the few male characters in this film are either sinister or demented until the dream of Dennis Weaver Texan). Reynolds music and dancing, although enjoying the scene takes too long in what seems to be a chiller myself, but this film is still very entertaining.The two stars and Curtis Harrington, the elegant trend, easily overcome its flaws. Film recreation in the 1930s is characterized by colors and style (see Debbie's clothes) made with a very tight budget. The increasing atmosphere of madness and hysteria is really creepy with a shocking ending that will haunt you for days. And you will not easily forget that ridiculous song "Goody, goody" which also features the movie. The sight of Shelley Winters is increasingly crazy, knocks every chance of Debbie Reynolds' chances of happiness is a chase worth watching! <br /> <br /> 8 out of 10.
