I was literally preparing to hate this film, so believe me when I say this movie is worth seeing. In general, the story and the accents are fabricated, but the film has the charm and brilliance to get it out. Jason Lee believes that he is suffering from cancer and tries not to allow his wife's future president and his co-workers to see him scratching himself, not terribly smart, but he made me laugh. Very few film gags are high brow, but they made me laugh. As I said, the film has charm and charm can go a long way. <br /> <br /> Characters are also loved. I must say that I wish I had seen more of the character of James Brolin, because he was screaming in the very few scenes where he was. In addition, I admire any romantic comedy that has the courage to not make a wife figure (which acts as an obstacle to the plot) a complete witch. Salma Blair's character is not impossible, and there is no scene in which I thought to myself, "Why did he want to marry her in the first place?" The end is the Hollywood nest, but it could have been much more than schmaltzy. <br /> <br /> The cast is talented. I did not have a positive view of most of Jason Lee's main works. I loved him so much in the films of Kevin Smith that I could not help but be disappointed to see him in the roles of the dupe. He never seems comfortable in these dopey roles. Even in this film, it does not seem quite comfortable, but it contributes two years and deals with each scene effectively. But I still miss his work in independent films. Julia Steeles once more proves her strong love. Of course, she is a very beautiful girl with a sparkling smile that makes me want to faint, but she also has a unique charm and seems to have a good personality. In other words, her beauty appears from inside and out. I do not know the name of the actress, but the woman who plays the drunk grandmother is hilarious. Julie Hagerty also has a small part, which she always sees, which makes me wish she had got better roles. I loved her so much in the "plane" and "lost in America" ​​that it was a shame she did not get the same opportunities to boast about her skills. <br /> <br /> Stay tuned to the horrible trailers and even the horrible box office records. This is a funny and enchanting film. Romantic comedies are so predictable today that it seems as if the same kind is ready to be cleaned in the toilet, so it is always better to see one good among all these bad apples. <br /> <br /> Outcome: 7 (out of 10)
