Surrounded by The STRANGER, a small picture of Noër's film, Welles can do a great deal of budget and on time. Ironically, he made his biggest box office success in the 1940s, and MacBETH, Shakespeare's old West budget movie. Within 23 days, Ms. LADY FROM comes from SHANGAI, a dark-colored film that simulates the same fabric of Wellesian legends covering the AMBERSON AMBERSONS, MR. ARKADIN and any other film director did not succeed in saving from clutches studio heads. <br /> <br /> After six years of FALCON MALTESE, with the film Noir's madness after the war is in full swing, Welles, always ahead of his time, conceives of a real director of immense artistic integrity, a world glowing from shadows that are already darker, more evil, and paranoid And distorted from anything his contemporaries did at the time. No wonder the film was misunderstood at the time, so much so that an entire hour of footage was left forever in the floor of the cutting room, and it was again Europe that defended it like another classic Willis movie. <br /> <br /> Some specific groups stand out. The view of the aquarium with its dim light and ominous shadows, and of course Funhouse / Hall of Mirrors, a classic piece of Bravura Wellesian as in CITIZEN KANE or THE TRIAL. The only drawbacks I find in the film are the ominous Irish Willis tone and perhaps some erroneous alterations in the first chapter. However, the story unfolds gradually in a seductive fashion, leading to increased cuts. I think the heavily intermittent versions of Shangai and Ambersons have achieved surreal quality for this issue. <br /> <br /> Welles denied himself in Europe for ten years and came back in 1958 to deliver a new classic of Stones, the TOUCH OF Evil, perhaps the jewel of the Noir film which was already in his declining days at the time. Shangai was not a success at the box office, where Rita Heworth, Hollywood's first star of Hollywood stars, was supposed to be at the time, and Willis's marriage ended with Hayworth even before the movie. Sixty years and one hour of video footage, Shangai is still one of the best filmmakers that anyone will ever discover. Certainly we must count on something.
