In New York City, sailors Michael O'Hara (Orson Wells) and Elsa Panister (Rita Hayworth) are rescued from rape and rape as they take a horse and a vehicle through Central Park - and live in sorrow. Titian Herr Hayworth is a platinum blonde in this one; like dazzling snowballs - but nowhere near purity ... <br /> <br /> The discovery of any other conspiracy in this concrete "Nuer" will be criminal. "The Shadow of Childhood: The Hidden Story of Black Dahlia Killers" by Mary Basias, Mary Marius at the age of five when she was a friend of Bette Short, 15, follows the steps of Short, interviews friends and associates, and provides a detailed, albeit speculative, analysis of Orson Welles - especially about his film "The Lady From Shanghai." According to Ms. Paceus, the film, along with related archival material, contains many of the same ritual elements associated with the murder of Short, which raises the question: Was Wales the killer? "The Noir" by Fritz Lang, "The Big Heat" (1953), a Roman novel about the killing of "Dahlia" in "The Dahlia Black" The City Of Nets "that was LA - but it was Opus Orus that" Dalia "had his" hands-on "touch. In fact, it was Bugsy Siegel (and Hollywood mob wars in the 1940s) that made "Dahlia" in ... but this does not negate much of what Pacios wrote. Almost all of Hollywood interspersed with Elizabeth (The Black Dahlia) and her short / halo / legacy / curse were coded in a number of Golden Age films. <br /> <br /> Black Dahlia was always on the outskirts of Shanghai, "Before he started filming Barbara Payton on Francesch's tone:" It was when he was thinking of making a Lady of Shanghai before losing the option to Orson Welles. "He was in a bad state because of that deal when he faced Dalia at Formosa Cafe * on the other side of Goldwyn Studios ..." * The floor on Formosa Cafe The Bugsy Siegel and The Dahlia were one of his "girls" They are working again. <br /> <br /> It becomes deeper and darker - after her 1951 fight over Barbara Payton between Tom Neal and Franceshott who sent Franceshot to hospital "rebelling" and never spoke the same way, "Barbara said, Toon "just for Neil". Tom "Detour" Neil also known as "The Dahlia" (who was not) and became obsessed - from the film "LA Despair" by John Gilmore: "The young actress Elizabeth Short was slaughtered in January 1947, Dahlia ", one of the most murderous crimes in modern crime records, where actor Tom Neil, the hell of World War II, launched a project called" Who Killed The Black Dahlia? "A potential producer, Jane Harris:" Someone will have to A more creative work proposal was put forward by Tom Neal and his colleagues ... "It was not long after:" It will be very clear a beautiful day is coming, when Tom sneaks into his beautiful wife Palm Palm Wings It is lying on the sofa and fired a bullet through her head .45. "Barbara Payton and Norma Jean Dugherty (Marilyn Monroe later) know about" Dalia "and their stories are well known, it seems that all those who crossed the path of" Dahlia "(like the Homosexuality Black Cat) entered the" Twilight Zone "" Darkness and / Believe the bad luck afterwards. Tone / Neil / Wales are just a few - this includes a slaughter movie called "The Lady of Shanghai" ... <br /> <br /> "Lady From Shanghai" took two years, thanks to a wide-scale remodeling - all because Columbia President Harry Cohen could not understand the story. From the dark "Noir" to be confident of the darkest, in fact. It is also an evil satire of life in the new atomic age. <br /> <br /> Nicholas Christopher: <br /> <br /> "Shanghai" introduces a consistent subtext of the nuclear end of the world and includes the final Noir statement on the atomic bomb and the American city. Expecting a major homicide victim in the film (and there are many), a psychotic and double-dealing lawyer, Armageddon at every turn, claiming he could "feel it". He declares that he plans to escape to a remote island in the Pacific - a particularly acidic joke from Wales, where this was the year the United States began to test atomic bombs at such a place, Bikini Reef Island, the relocation of the entire population and the destruction of the ecosystem. By the time of bikini, it seems that Hayworth's erotic identification with the bomb has been institutionalized, with the blessing of military brass; the first bomb that landed in the test ground in the Pacific as "Gilda" and has a Hayworth image, in a provocative, Directly on the cover ... "<br /> <br /> Ironically, the broad interpretation of Orson Welles does not consider the Irish to be harmful to the film by many, and Wales gives a signal to viewers that Michael O'Hara is the storyteller only - not part of The story, though it revolves around it, sharks will not stop feeding madness until there is nothing left, and live "Elsa Panister" causes the feeding frenzy during the experience of "Ohara" and the Fachuha made suggest that they were trapped in a crate so as not to devour the human spectators into the Roman Colosseum. The spectators are in a state of agitation, carrying "Elsa" This is the human condition ... except for Michael Ohara who spends his life trying to forget his past (Elsa) - or die the attempt. "Elsa" is part of "Michael", and the story is eaten Tail in the end and warns the viewer to stay away from problems.
