The Lady From Shanghai is so quaint by the leading director, Orson Welles, who was Hollywood's last Hollywood movie for many. It is a kind of postmodern film produced during the period when traditional films of this kind were very popular. They relate to a lucky lucky Irish sailor (played by Willis) who is with a mysterious lady (Rita Hayworth, who was married to Wales in that Time), her husband was disabled, and perhaps the husband was helpless, playing with Imrit Sloan. Following a long cruise, with Welles pulling as a personal guard, the plot multiplies when Sloan's legal partner (Glenn Anders) begins to stir up trouble by making strange speeches about suicide and other satisfying subjects suggest that the man is about to collapse mentally. Then the plot was killed, and all kinds of misfortunes followed for Welles and his companions. At this point, the story was ambiguous and was told at a misleading pace so far, the last part of the film disappears, and the last part of the film consists of steering groups that seem to have been thrown to give the film some of the drive His urgency, does not have his own story, the result is very memorable and often enjoyable at all times incomprehensible mess. <br /> <br /> It's hard to know what Willis was trying to do with this film apart from reviving his career in Hollywood by making a car for his wife. But self-destruction interferes, as often happens with Welles, and Miss Hayworth did not seem less attractive. Her portrayal as a Vim girl seems strange, regardless of her beauty, the most attractive feature of the screen personality was loved, a quality does not have in this picture. The director himself is unattractive and strange in O'Hara, the lax (supposedly) sailors, because Welles, despite all his many gifts, was not known as an easy man to work with. This is a role that Sean Connery or Robert Shaw could do after 20 or 30 years of broadcasting the spirit of life in them. Wales No. The most interesting performance in the film is Glenn Anders in the role of Grisby, Sloan, a treacherous law partner. Anders works with wonders, and is photographed to seem strange, while his scenes end on strange and sour notes and are often edited intermittently. But he has managed to make Grisby's confusion clear and troubling, and more effectively predicts actors in the most prominent quintessential way, such as Timothy Carrie. <br /> <br /> About this movie: What was Wales trying to say? He was a very talented and intelligent man, and he tended to make statements in his films, which, whether he agreed with his vision of the world or not, was brilliantly put forward. I think I have a partial answer or answer: Wales was summarizing his career in the film. He had reached the end of his rope in the Hollywood studio system he despised, and he knew it. The Lady From Shanghai is not particularly irritating to the studio poles that day, but I think that, in her image of the immoral big shot lawyers (read: producers), Welles's opinion of the Hollywood power brokers is clear. He introduced himself as an alcoholic with no roots. Wales himself was certainly a modest traveler and rarely lived in one place for a long time. He was appointed by a studio to provide him with a prestigious film (Citizen Kane), which caused a storm of controversy that did not fully recover. This may be the problem that you dare not speak on its behalf in this film, ie Willis's personal failure to overcome the shock of his novelty in the film colony, and his inability to deliver the goods, as promised. Just the fact that his appearance in Hollywood, just like his presence in the film, can not prevent disasters that go beyond his control. His portrayal of himself in the film as a naïve, naïve stranger indicates a lack of self-knowledge on the part of Wales. He was a much more internal player than he was allowed, and I imagine he despises his knowledge of the universal aspects of life, and because he knows so much.
