After CITIZEN KANE in 1941, Hollywood executives turned their backs on Coss on Orson Wells. With the exception of Kane, Welles has all creative control in MAMNIFICENT AMBERSONS, JOURNEY IN FEAR and many other upcoming movies. Wells was an ingenious and creative genius, and was the most unconventional filmmaker when Hollywood needed a few others. A lady from Shanghai is another example of the misjudgment of Wales at the time, a film that seems a little fickle and unwise. It has a traditional hypothesis dating back to the 1940s in an unconventional way, and I'm sure some scenes ended up in the floor of the cutting room. It is now legendary that Columbia magnate Harry Cohn stood up during his initial presentation and asked what the subject was. Too late, many of the old millers who returned to the studios did not have a single idea about the filmmaking techniques and the main storytelling of Orson Welles and LADY FROM SHANGHAI are almost as big as their intrusion. <br /> <br /> Besides being the greatest director of all time, Wales was also an actor. At the age of 25, we all know what he did in the name of "Charles Foster Kane" and perhaps the most famous character in the film's history. Here, he inhabits a rare personality of faint intelligence and not much intelligence, which is unusual for those who are familiar with the work of another great Willis. Instead of the wise tongue, he speaks in a harsh Irish accent. Rita Hayworth (his unmarried wife at the time) plays a unhappy married wife from a lawyer who puts Wales in a mantra and is able to lure him into a job that will lead him to the limits of deception and disappointment. It is a big hook that may have killed a man, but the real mystery lies in the relationship between Hayworth (with amazing blond hair) and Erlton Sloan Baal (Mr. Bernstein of Citizen Caen). A creepy partner of Sloane's is sailing all over the country to launch a number of special events around the head of Wales, Michael O'Hara. Wells tells the picture as a oohara, but things are not clear all the time. Know yourself and realize that it takes at least two displays to know exactly what is going on. <br /> <br /> The sequence of the courtroom is unusually strange about "O'Hara", with his defense of Sloane. It's a strange comedy scene with some exotic courtroom styles, including Sloane questioning himself. I did not really laugh here because the film stops at this stage after the first part that can not be released at all. So far, the cinema is fantastic, some of the scenes are filmed with skill and skill (the love scene in the aquarium), but there is no clear line to paint the elements, and we, the audience, Close to Hayworth) and a temporary song was sung by the star at Cohn's insistence. The delightful result was upset by Willis, who was once again excluded from the editing process. I thank Welles himself for saving the entire film with a tour ending force that will always be appreciated. The scene of the so-called "Mirror Hall" is repeated over and over, and rightly so. <br /> <br /> He must see that he believes and leads to the work of some confusing ideas provided. The crash of mirrors is a disappointment "O'Hara" and "Crazy House" itself a masterpiece of art and decoration. It seems like a state of mind rather than a real place and it is already "crazy" and twisted and turns into a Dali painting. This is a wonderful ending to a flawed picture that if left alone, it might be the 100 best films in AFI magazine. Then again, maybe 3 or 4 other films from Orson Welles have put all the "best" groups if he has left alone to create his own magic. <br /> <br /> Note: Look for Mercury players that are highly featured in Welles photos. Pop up everywhere. Rating: 8 out of 10
