When I saw another Orson Welles contribution to Hollywood as a director, I knew I was watching a great movie unfolding, but sometimes I did not know why. The story from The Lady from Shanghai contains the core elements of Noir: an average atmosphere, a femme femme, clear supporting characters, and a somewhat thoughtful plot structure. It is an amusing journey, filled with unique gifts by Welles as a director, but there are scenes that tend not to work, or are not perfect as his whole vision of Welles (unfortunately unfortunately the real executive producers Harry Cohn and the Colombian executives are responsible). <br /> <br /> Wales shares with his then-brilliant wife, Rita Hayworth, as Mike O'Hara, an Irish worker who can and does not get angry with the right people. Hayworth is Ms. Bannister, married to Mr. Bannister (Everett Sloane, who played Mr. Bernstein at Citizen Kane), accompanied by a friend of Mr. Grisby (Glenn Anders, who enjoys great control in his eyes). They want to go sailing on their yacht and take Ohara in the ride, initially hesitant, but he agrees to that since he fell on the married lady. As their journey unfolds, O'Hara finds that Bannister and Grisby are not. To be around, and more with Grisby, who initially looks outside the pumpkin. However, when the plot unfolds, O'Hara is attracted to a scam plotting for Grisby to get insurance money, with results I dare not disclose (though repeatedly discussed by others). <br /> <br /> Whatever the liabilities that appear here and there in the mysterious part of the story (and those moments in which the images were cast in the studios), the performances and the appearance of the film are still in sight after more than fifty-five years. Although he does not have the wonderful Kane's DP on his side, Charles Luton Jr. is reliable and helps Willis create an elegant and crisp atmosphere, covered with shadows, deep focus, low angles, and business. One of the special achievements is the Fun House Mirror scene, which is just a highlight of other things. Wells can always be relied upon as an actor - even if his tone is not something special - and Hahworth itself makes the scene a little more fertile, despite its course in the story. <br /> <br /> A lady from Shanghai deserves to go out, especially for Welles or Hayworth or noor fans (Coen lovers may find this too great). It may take some time, repeating views (as with Touch of Evil), for the underlying motives of the plot to sink in.
