These excerpts from "A Memo to Mr. Cohen of Mr. Wells" consist of nine pages, which were written after Orson saw the revised version of studio man Harry Cohn of the photo (took one hour): <br /> <br /> "... 3 The music of the first title was written by first-rate composer George Antel, although it was not written at all, but the temporary title music enjoyed a climate of darkness and threat with something fertile and romantic that made it acceptable. The present composer (Heinz Roemheld) is an exhausting idea to use a popular song - the "attribute" - in many tunes "Please do not accept me" for almost every bridge and also for many basic materials ... The melody is a pleasure, it may be very good in Hit Parade - but Lady of Shanghai is not a musical comedy .. Mr. Roemheld is tired excited about the kind of The old-fashioned scoring is now referred to in our "Disney Nights." In other words, if someone falls, it sounds "falling" in the orchestra, etc. ... etc. If the lab has scratched the first letters of numbers and phone numbers In all negative aspects, I can not be dissatisfied with the results ... Before leaving to travel directly abroad, I asked Vi (Viola Lawrence, editor) A reduction may include dropping the near incident with the taxi and also conducting a dialogue. I am convinced that this would be an excellent cut ... providing much needed footage in the slow opening sequence (this did not happen, taking into account the main weaknesses in the reel opening film) ... there is nothing really Rita diving to ensure the grand orchestra ... What matters is the beauty of Rita ... the sinister tones suggested by the character of Griggsby, Michael's puzzlement. Any or all of these elements have inspired the music. Instead, diving is treated as a great climax or some exciting moment in Silly Symphony: a Pluto the Pup thriller, or a land jump into space by Donald Duck ... There is no sound atmosphere on the boat. A little wind and water are badly missing. There is no point in shooting a scene on a real boat if you photograph it as if everything had happened in front of a screen processing ... at the beginning of the picnic sequence ... In the interim result, we used a very exotic collection, an exciting breed of Latin America ... This kind of music destroys this kind of weirdness which is exactly what a lady of Shanghai has saved from being just another whodunit ... There is a great musical spree after the Griggsby line, I want you to kill him. " This is ridiculous ... Hawaiian guitar music that was coming out of the radio was supposed to be ... depressing enough to make a point of irony. As it is now, is about the same level as the rest of the points. No one in the audience can doubt we are kidding ... the aquarium scene needs more echo. "Please do not accept me" is again! Bad work dubbing and bad recording has ruined Michael 's character running on the sidewalk. From lead to phone call, an accurate pattern of sounds was built with a lot of time and effort spent. For some reason, all this has been neglected in favor of mysterious hullabaloo. As a result, the entire sequence seems dim ... At this point, the public must feel, along with Michael, that they may be winning. Can make the new dubbing job feel like they're sleeping ... The gun battle with the broken mirrors must not be backed up by music ... The closing music points back to "Please Do not Kiss Me" ... this ending is so blunt, Causing infinite injury at the end of the image. "<br /> <br /> All of these modifications have been ignored by Orson
