Ashura is located in Japan, a story of demons dominating the earth. The premise is much more complex, but should not forget the story of applause. Japan is in turmoil, with the demons occupying human form scouring the land. In general, demons look and behave like humans, but they are evil. The Japanese word they use is not just demons; it is the classic form of "ghoul" which is a legendary creature of some historical stature. We are talking about beings that look more like gods than ugly monsters that feed on children. <br /> <br /> However, everything remains in human form green eyes and green teeth that appear when placed under any kind of stress. In order to save the world from demons, there are demons killers. Trained and skilled warriors who can discover and defeat most demons, who guard the way between the world of hell and the real world. These are the basic places. <br /> <br /> The story begins with a festival in a local city. In the midst of these celebrations, three men in black dress ride, apparently intent on harm. Villagers, except for those who are demonic in nature, rush to green eyes and try to kill them. The demons of the killers end up killing the majority of demons. From here the story becomes interesting. The full essence of the story begins when, at the gate of hell, a demon tells fortune before the guards of the three gates, revealing the arrival of Ashura. However, it comes at the end of the human era, and the era of devils begins. But Ashura requires some form of birth process, the first step that occurred during the opening battle, but it will not reveal until you see the movie. The three killers are a wise old man, a strong but not a principled man, a skilled warrior and a passion. Instantly you can see the split between them, the old man who wants to stop the demons, the strong man who wants to bend them to his ever-growing desires, and the other looks to the second stop. Along the way she meets a woman who has begun to fancy her and believes himself to have a special relationship with. She is a gentle gentleman, sought by the authorities. When the two finally meet face-to-face, he puts his hand on her shoulder, and suddenly a sign shocks her shoulder. Needless to say, a sign is not a good sign. What ensues is a battle for the land, a battle between good and evil, as it should be, but also between good and good itself. <br /> <br /> The point of this film has become for me something other than what I think it will. I came to think that it would either be a quick motion-like movie with demons, or a horror film with sinister creatures that could be seen in Ringu and Ju-on. However I was wrong in the best way possible. The story, which seemed to me to adapt to a very old Japanese play, plays its role in this way. It combines the movement-driven adrenaline scenes with a wonderful concept, an amazing novel and a style that makes you think instead of just sitting up in Gore. Many scenes were painted in a luxurious dialogue between two characters, the likes of which will not be shown in Hollywood. Become a play experience in practice to spend your breath. <br /> <br /> The film benefits from spectacular views and camera action compared to many of the great Samurai movies of our time, but adds a well-studied and classic plot. Through wonderful acting, wonderful music and stunning scenes, I have to see them in my book. <br /> <br /> However, they need to be relieved that they are not for everyone. It's not a cheap horror thriller, and no balls on the wall work. It's a horror style play that was filmed. It has a lot to say and take a long time, flying in the face of traditional fonts. Like Japanese plays, exchanges between characters can continue for a few minutes before they meet together for a spectacular and fast battle scene. If you can enjoy such a thing, this is a masterpiece. If your idea of ​​a good movie is slippery, with a little conspiracy and nudity, you can easily see something else. <br /> <br /> In general, this film is a unique and amazing film that makes you vibrant and entertaining. Has a good writing, good representation, good direction. Everything in every film is very big.
