I must confess that I am a bit surprised and disappointed about some very negative comments that this film seems to evoke. I think it's a terrific science fiction film. Col. Steve West (Alex Hadid) returns to Earth after a historic space flight to Saturn. While in space, he contracted some strange and unknown diseases. Wakes up in the hospital bed, looks at the mirror and before his face closes his face melt! Escaping hospital supervision, he is hiding in some of the local forests surrounding a small town. Unfortunately, it begins to develop fast-growing hunger that can only be satisfied by eating other people. Must feed on human flesh and drink the blood of others to survive! Pursuit of human prey begins its reign of terrorism! It is up to his old friend Dr. Ted Nelson (Burr DeBenning) to find him and try to help him. He has to work alone because his boss, General Perry (Myron Healy) wants to stay very calm. Nelson can not tell his wife Judy (Anne Sweeney). However, Sheriff Blake (Michelle Dardage) becomes suspicious, with General Perry appearing just as some local residents begin eating half of them. I do not really understand why this film gets these negative reviews, what do people expect? Anyway, I really liked this movie. The movie star is undoubtedly the Rick Bakers Special Make-up and Gore effects which are mostly excellent, and the fact that all their synthetic effects and any CGI terrible garbage makes them better. The writer and director William Sacks are not afraid to use them either. We get some nice, long shots of the amazing fusion man, which has held up well so far. Photography and music direction is a bit boring, but professional enough. The text has succeeded in creating some sympathy for the beast, or scenes of it eagerly awaiting Ted Nelson's house, or when he sees his reflection in some water and reacts violently. The end, which is located in a big factory of some kind, is so pessimistic so do not expect any happy ending. Which surprised me. Also, the text does not actually work with the hypothesis, it is about melting and killing, while his friend tries to stop it, and perhaps it is very simple. Personally, I think the worst part of the film is coming from the beginning when the fatty nurse runs out of a hospital corridor in a slow motion, imagining her screaming too in a slow motion as well, it sounds totally ridiculous! You have to watch it to believe it! I like this movie a lot and recommend it to horror / science fiction fans in the seventies and eighties. A bit of my favorite.
