I have always loved this comedy as one of the few serious attempts at all to deal with the US government's annual demand for taxes. Have you ever read the tax code? It's an experiment that needs to be followed, as it is multiple paragraphs pressed by members of Congress and senators to help their financial supporters and various interest groups. Despite the claims that it is fair, the tax law has always imposed the lion's share of the burden on the middle class and the working class rather than the wealthy and influential. Most of the various special items are intended for use - go to model 1040 or 1040A on average and look at a variety of different investment and commercial projects that all contain a different set of rules. Most people will have no benefit at all for these. <br /> <br /> The story here is that the owner of the archaeological land (Philip Ober) uses his influence to get rid of the tax authority that his neighbors (Paul Douglas and Yona Merkel) did not pay taxes in 20 years. The Baltimore office is located in the IRS under Frederick Clark, and is attentive to Ober's influence. Tony sends Randall to check the position. <br /> <br /> Randall finds that Douglas and Merkel, their three girls and their boys are very respectable and rarely need the money (they get their farm) to produce and trade with their neighbors. But Randall, who teaches the clear lines (to the tax department) of the tax code, tries to connect the family to the basics. But Douglas gradually notices that Reynolds is fond of Brandal, and he keeps Randall away from his duty, making him drunk. It also makes it difficult for Randall to leave by removing his engine for "repairs" before he has his. <br /> <br /> The plot follows the increasing gravity and friction between the urban Randall, the mysterious ambition, the countryside and Reynolds love life. They make a really nice couple. In the end, after Uber complained, Randall was sent back in disgrace, and Clark (the sternest cookie) came down to the copper nails. It comes with a very large tax bill, which would destroy the Douglas family. <br /> <br /> The film does not end there - it ends happily, but it reminds us that the ability to tax is the power to destroy, and that the government often does go to destruction. Chance in the million coup saves the family, but it is rare to know it is just an exciting trick. What is more realistic is how Clarke's president Charles Lynn relinquishes the essence of "helping" Ober by indicating that his taxes will be considered more carefully next year. After that it is fairly green.
