Until the 1990s, there was no "Emma" movie for Jane Austen. Then came two in the same year, 1996. Or, if I come back 1995 "ignorant", who updates the Austin plot to a modern American high school, three in two years. <br /> <br /> The main character is Emma Woodhouse, a young lady from a famous family in Regent England. She is, in financial terms, much better off than most Austin heroes like Elizabeth Bennett or Fanny Price, and you do not need to find a rich husband. Instead, her main concern seems to be finding couples for her friends. She convinces her friend Harriet to reject a marriage proposal from a young farmer, Robert Martin, believing Harriet should keep her eye on the ambitious cleric Mr. Elton. But this scheme is tragically wrong, because Elton has no interest in Harriet, but he falls in love with Emma herself. The speed with which Emma rejects his proposal makes one wonder why she is so keen to match her boyfriend with a man she considers (for good reason) as an unsuitable marriage partner. Because it is a conspiracy of Jane Austen, Emma has proved to be less committed to what she looks like, and she finds herself falling in love, leading to more complications. <br /> <br /> Kate Beckinsell is the Hollywood star in 2008, but in 1996, though less than a year old, she was not as well known internationally as Gwyneth Paltrow. She is, however, as persuasive as Austen's heroine of goodwill but often wrong. Beckinsale seems to have a gift for the classic roles - I've made a great hero in Kenneth Branagh's "Too Much Nostalgia" - and sometimes I wish Hollywood had found more appropriate roles instead of wasting it in turkeys such as Pearl Harbor, Or "the underworld". <br /> <br /> Jeremy Northham preferred Mark Strong to be an interest in Emma in love with Mr. Knightley, largely because he came close to my own perception of a brave older character, and in some ways more than the father figure to Emma From the beloved. (His title is likely to refer to nineteenth-century gentlemen who wished to think of themselves as the modern equivalents of medieval knights with their knightly figures.) "Strong" tends to downplay the issue of age difference (37, 21 years old) and makes Knightley more of a passionate lover and less of a wise mentor than Northham. Perhaps Samantha Morton (another actress will work on larger things) is closer to Harriet than novelist Tony Collett. <br /> <br /> This was the smaller version of the two novels, which was prepared for television rather than cinema, and the collections and costumes seem less dignified and there are a large number of big names among actors. Dramatic drama, however, is something British television does well, and this version can certainly preserve its own movie version; both are amusing and well-made versions of the Austin novel. 10/07
