Many critics felt insulted because Fassbinder filmed both Wilkie and the Nazis in this film in a human-like way. However, other Fassbinder film experts will recognize that "Lili Marleen" (1981) belongs to Waspender's "Women Films" such as "The Marriage of Maria Braun" (1979) and "Lola" (1981). Vassbender was convinced that "stories can be listed with women better than men" because, according to Vasbinder, while men usually play their specific roles in society, "women can think in a dialectical way." However, dialectics mean that there is not only a thesis and its contradiction as is usually the case in our black and white world, but a synthesis where the opposition coincides. Moreover, dialectic means that because of the third state of synthesis, absolute opposition to the difference between thesis and contrast is eliminated. In the strict sense of the word: from the point of view of the dialect and the portrayal of the fascist situation, secret fighters must necessarily use basic means such as rulers, between perpetrators and victims, there is an alarming relationship, so that every criminal victim and every victim is also the culprit. Vasbender explained this abstract outline, which transcends the classical logic, in his play "The City, Litter and Death" (1975), which Daniel Schmid portrayed under the title Shadow of the Angels (1976). <br /> <br /> So when approaching a controversial issue like Nazi Germany, in a controversial way, filming this time in the form of a film becomes more controversial, especially for people who can not or do not want to see that we do not Knowledge of the world is exhausted by the scheme of the substitution of primitive light, but it needs the third instance of synthesis as a controlled example of its thesis and its members' contradiction. The interrelations between the perpetrators and the victims must be examined, because it is simply not true that the perpetrators are the bad guys and the victims. In an artificial point of view, bad people share good and good people share in this evil. They are interrelated. In a universal view based on classical logic, it is not even possible to establish a relationship between good and evil, in an ethic based on this inadequate system of logic, the bad conscience of the survivors of Nazi Germany, and the irrational sense of responsibility of their predecessors, The extremes are thus synthesized in the form of a new assessment based on this relationship as well. From the point of view of the argument of Vassinder, it follows that Lili Marlene, Lula and Maria Brown can not be convicted for their "misuse" of the regime for their own purposes, because they do not misuse them, but use them only. On the other hand, since the victims must repeat the perpetrators' actions because the perpetrators must repeat the acts of the victims, because the "good" and the "bad" are no longer mere mirror images of each other as in the logic of value, their strategies are legitimized by The anarchic structure of logic that describes our world, and this is not black and white at all, is much better than black and white logic.
