Was filmed by MGM on the same sets as the English version, but in German, Garbo's second image of Anna Christie benefited from practice and its obvious ease in German dialogue. Garbo looks more relaxed and natural under Jack Feder than under Clarence Brown, and all her silent cinematic actions have disappeared, making her transition to a complete voice. The power that I have brought to personality here remains, though mitigated, and Garbo reveals Anna's weakness. The entire cast, with the exception of Garbo, differs from the previous version of the film, and Garbo benefits from not having to compete with Marie Dressler, who stole every scene she had during the English version. In Feyder, Garbo occupies the center of attention all the time, although the three supporting players, especially the father, performed well. <br /> <br /> Feyder's direction was more secure than Clarence Brown, and his use of the camera. Editing techniques do not seem to be constrained by the new sound process as Brown's techniques did. The film moves more smoothly than English adaptation, and the steady nature of the first film has been replaced by a flow that keeps the viewer interested. Even the filmmaker William Daniels looks enhanced by his portrayal of the Brown version. The Garbo gloss and the pavilion atmosphere are elegantly decorated. Adapting the scenario to the European audience has made Anna's career quite clear from the start, and the witness tells viewers who were not familiar with the theater what is implicit in Brown's picture. However, the film was produced before the production code was introduced, making censorship confusing. <br /> <br /> Garbo's nomination for the Academy Award for Anna Christie was somewhat puzzling, and I suspect the gesture was given more recognition for her relatively smooth transition to soundtrack from her performance. However, some Academy voters may have seen the German version of the film, and they, as well as contemporary viewers, realized that her "Anna Christie" under Feyder was definitely worth Oscar.
