After Garbo's show in the film Anna Christie of Clarence Brown, Jack Feder made a German version of the film, where all actors were different, except Garbo. Although the US version is still more available in the US, and most American viewers have seen this release primarily, the German version Anna Anna Christie is likely to be shown in Europe. As I saw both films, I feel it is right to compare the two productions closely. Is Jack Federer's film different? Is it better than Clarence Brown? <br /> <br /> In this analysis, I would like to focus first on what the two films share. They have identical sets, very similar texts and the same chronological scenes. Here, you also find the story of the young woman who returned to her father after years of absence and trying to start a new life. Here, you also have a comic sequence, though a little palace, in an amusement park. However, when emphasizing Garbo herself, I take up the first difference. They do not seem to cause curiosity while talking. The viewer focuses more on her acting than on the way she probably speaks to 1931 viewers. Garbo was very good in the American film and she is also very good here. However, for me, look more realistic in the German version. It is worth noting that Garbo does not focus on how words say so much (the effort artificially created by sense: Garbo talks!). Her German language is not very clear; yet no one cares: everything is perfectly understandable. So, I can say the same thing that I easily did in my American comment: Scala Greta Garbo! <br /> <br /> However, the film differs in one very important issue: the rest of the actors. Here comes the question: Which picture looks more powerful, surely better? Differences are filled with varieties. Salka Viertel (or Salka Steuerman), Garbo's lifelong friend, does just as great as Marie Dressler as Marthy Owens. They are not bad, they are different, sometimes exaggerated (from today's perspective), but they are no longer real in the role of Mary Dreisler, who is still ushered in and whose moments stand the test of time. So some people claim that Dressler was better than Garbo in the film and that this view, although it seems doubtful of course, holds some truth. Theo Shall is more sympathetic to Matt than Charles Bickford, but when applied, it is not about performance as much as looks. <br /> <br /> The German-born Anna Christie, who deserves the greatest attention, is Hans Junkerman as Chris Christoferson, Anna's father. George F. Marion vs. Hans Junckerman is like a daytime nightclub. Johnkerman is portrayed as a real alcoholic addict, a man with hopes and fears, who overcomes his daughter's care. The scene of Anna's first encounter with her father is truly wonderful, the moment Chris opened a conversation with Martha especially memorable thanks to facial expressions and flawless performance. Junkermann is Chris who you love, who sometimes laughs at him, who empathizes with him, and who leaves a picture of a calm alcoholic ocean in your mind. Great! <br /> <br /> If you have watched American Anna Christie and you have a chance to get the German version, I strongly recommend this film because it is a slightly different look at the story, a nice and accurate way to compare, and a good enrichment of Clarence Brown's film, Something, a wonderful opportunity to discover the marvel of performance: Hans Junckerman. Scal or Prost, Hans Junkerman!
