Fragile Carney, before his great time. Although sometimes frequented and frequented by waiters, HOTEL DU NORD is full of the lush charm and typical beauty of French films in the late 1930s, as well as the relative lighting of the unusual touch with this director. All its great advantages are here: narrow interiors separated by intricate and delicious camera movements; diffusion of melancholy of light and shadow. Beautiful and sad collections by Alexander Trauner, so exciting that, as the title implies, she takes her own formality; sadly sad music by Maurice Joubert. An apparently unexpected plot about the romance, tragedy and fatalism that casts shadow over her characters; unusual performances by some of the greatest players of all time, in this case Luis Juve and Arlette. <br /> <br /> In fact, the biggest failing film I find myself surprised (as a person who usually minimizes the educational significance) is to recognize it, is the scenario. It contains a lot of intelligence and passion, but without the usual irony and irony presented by Jackie Brevere, the best of their films, can not avoid slipping into clichés (even if they are only vulgar too late). <br /> <br /> In the inner house, the film presents its opening idea of ​​society through two intertwined narratives of distressed love, emotional and metaphysical isolation and actualism. The scenario of love sentenced is the least successful scenario. Anabella is very beautiful, but she is not good at her tragic act, while a few oomont, is wonderfully appropriate although she may be, by nature, obscuring any true romantic story. I may be just, but I find it difficult to sympathize with a very young and attractive couple, just a few months later, feeling so desperate that they have to shoot at each other. Their high-gloss lines are very embarrassing. Of course, this issue is not intended to be reasonable - it is symbolic of youth and hope and the possibility of crushing it in France, or perhaps France itself, despair, resigned, waiting for death. In order to be really strong icons, you must convince the narrative level, which I feel is not so here. <br /> <br /> What saves this conspiracy is his association with the story of M. Edmond, a figure associated with the great traditions of the French gangs. Although we learn it only gradually, he fought in hiding, and lives outside the whore played by Arlette, after mediating his partners. In his previous "role" - the play in his position is critical - he had one set of features; in hiding he assumed the exact opposite. He lives a life without purpose, has been deeply shaken by the agreement of lovers, becomes a murderer, and realizes the folly of trying to cheat in death. <br /> <br /> In this way - recognizing that a person is less than a person's set of signs, and that death is an unavoidable fact must succumb to her most powerful masculinity - Edmund resembles the romantic model of the clinical killers of Melville. With one exception - it gives hope briefly, an illusion that only strengthens - if not this irrefutable irony - its deadly design. <br /> <br /> It could have all been vulgar if it was not for the truly stunning performance of Louis Jouvet. I have studied his theatrical work at the college, but this was my first taste of talent on the screen, and he reveals himself as worthy of the greats - Grant, Mastroiani, Clift, Mason, Mitchum, Koten - giving a quiet nobility to a role that is more than a concept Say, is very metaphorical) of a real person. Edmund begins the film with a simple supporting character, but he appears as a tragic hero of some strength. Like all these key actors, Joffitt's brilliance lies in what he hides. <br /> <br /> On a formal level, Carnegie, ten years before his prosperity, is amazed by the great Hollywood melodrama techniques of Circus, Endowment, Ray and Minelli. Although his play lacks the fluidity and clear beauty of contemporary German melodramas from Sierck (see the masterpieces of ZU NEUEN UFERN and LA HABENERA), Karen's style really fits his motto - the theme of polytheism, paralysis and resignation. <br /> <br /> The basic idea of ​​the film is the idea of ​​water - where the balances float and melt, the hotel stands next to a waterway - but instead of the possible open Renoir River, we have a stagnant, man-made canal that will not go anywhere. The film begins at the end, and the setting never changes, except for a brief period when each of the fugitives decides to return to it. The character can only escape through death - its narrow rooms, the walls and frames it holds in captivity, and the windows that look for escape they can never achieve. Any hope in the end, therefore, is deep, if emotionally, at risk.
