Perhaps the most common achievement of the main director Ching Siu Tung is this series, the Chinese ghost story 1-3. The Chinese ghost story starred Leslie Cheung in the far past in China as a tax collector forced to spend one night during a "gathering trip" in a mysterious castle where some strange veterans fight and meet him. The beautiful actress Joey Wang / Wong is the ghost who lives in that castle and is under the control of one powerful demon, a demon of wood that gathers human spirits for herself with the help of her beautiful ghosts. Leslie and Joy are in love, and while ghosts are not allowed to live with humans, they decide to break this rule and live happily together throughout their lives. This is not what the wooden devil thinks, and our heroes must fight for their lives and happiness. <br /> <br /> This movie is not full of magic more than other films written by Ching Seo Tong. His masterpieces include Duel to the Death (1983) and the Swordsman series, all of which contain incredible images and dynamic power in their scenes. The Ghost Story is filled with brilliant lightning and dark atmosphere, which softens the strong presence of a beautiful ghost and is well prepared. The effects are simply taking a breath and will work at their greatest strength in the big screen. The camera moves and is twisted all the time and adds to the atmosphere of fairy tales of this film. There are a lot of exciting stunts too, and although some people think they look indifferent or stupid when using them in movies, I can not agree and I think they give the animation a kind of magic, freedom and creativity that no other instrument can offer. When people fly in these films, it means that the films are not just about our world, and things that are larger than life are often depicted with the power of this larger form of the art of life. <br /> <br /> The story of power Love is somewhat moving and warm, but the problem is (again) that the characters are a bit too shallow and sometimes behave unpredictably. Leslie and Joy were to be written more carefully and their characters warmer, deeper and more in order to give the story greater power and thus make the film a more important and important achievement. Also, the message of love and strength is emphasized very much at one point and should have been left only to the mind of the viewer to interpret and find. The other negative point about the dialogue is that it is too many and people talk in this film for no reason. This is very annoying and unfortunately shows the flaws that many screenwriters tend to do when writing their own movies. People just talk and talk, everything is there just to make everything as easy to understand as possible, so the film is not full of challenge or certification because it contains this unexplained element. Just think of Japanese director Takeshi Kitano's films. His films have very little dialogue and all that is necessary is that he tells his things through other cinematic instruments and never speaks, or makes other characters speak much in his films. This is the talent that writers must enjoy in order to write larger texts. <br /> <br /> Otherwise, the Chinese Ghost Story is very beautiful and visually orientalized, as well as the song that is played in the film is very beautiful and we hope to get some awards at the Hong Kong Film Awards at that time. I give the Chinese Ghost Story 7/10 and without the aforementioned flaws, this will undoubtedly be the perfect masterpiece of the fantasy genre.
