Joan Fontaine here is quite convincing as a moral genius who is totally incapable of feeling loved by anyone else. Her husband (Richard Nye) lost all his money through a combination of his own foolishness and extravagance, and was transformed into living in a small room, with little or no chance. They continued to wear amazing clothes and go out and socialize as if there was nothing wrong. He is a charming fellow, merciless, but very friendly. However, Fontaine decides that he must go, because he lived his power. So I decided to poison him when he realized that he did not want to let her go, so she could move on. In the meantime she had a boyfriend (Patrick Knowles) decided to drop him because he is not rich either. She meets Herbert Marshall, who owns a yacht with all the trimmings and money than even Fontaine can find out how to spend. She targets him and decides he will do well. He is very keen to eat young beauty. It is certainly not very exciting, and has almost sexual appeal like yesterday's omelets. But Fontaine is one of those girls who has eyes only for money, and the man stands between him and him transparent, so she does not even notice or care what she looks like, she looks through him and sees what she really wants and goes for it. She begins poisoning her husband and sends him with extreme precision and satisfaction, so things go well. But as always happens in movies, sometimes even in life, some unexpected things begin to appear, and tension increases markedly, so that Fontaine starts sweating. Fontaine is particularly good at looking at the bad guys and the horror, and as the network begins to close, its growing sense of desperation becomes apparent and makes us on the edges of our seats. Hysteria and fear take over from a cool and cunning account. But she finds a man fall for her crime in the person of her beloved cast, who is an innocent victim of her scheme to establish him. He was sentenced to death for murder, because the death of the husband by name appeared unexpectedly. But Sir Cedric Hardwick, who plays as an inspector in Scotland, thinks there may be something wrong, begins to doubt the story and doubts Fontaine. Close it, and some scenes of this happening are images inspired by the most violent panic. But will innocent men be saved before being executed? Fontaine worm will her way out of this one? Is Herbert Marshall protected by his protection? This film is directed by Sam Wood with experience, and the film is a really wonderful suspense film I suppose is well qualified to describe the film Noir superior.
