The Sea is Watch was an interesting film experience. First of all, the overall feeling was intense, internal, afraid, and small. Each frame appears to be a picture of something inside, something that is very focused and not part of a bigger picture. It was clear what we were looking at in every frame. The physical group itself contributed to the sense of smallness and intensity. The lights were cut along the middle of the road to two halves, and the small gate to the small settlement followed by small and few openings that served as institutions that constituted what seemed to be the entire city. Even the view of the ocean is surrounded by a small landing that one can count on the number of long grass swaying in the wind. There are no panoramic views. In fact, he reminded me of the Montmarte sequence from Moulin Rouge, where the camera focuses deeply on the windmill, creating a feeling once again of a small area where everything happens. <br /> <br /> While acting was in effect, in fact I could not tell how the lines were actually delivered, I felt the proceedings were too melodramatic and unreasonable. Why would Kikuno continue her work as she did when Fusanosuke announced his impending marriage really? People did not really change this much anymore, and the character Kikuno was so powerful and flexible that even if they were busy doing meaningless O-shin work, the reaction seemed impersonal, unnecessary and fragmented. Another example of strange representation is when her drunken boyfriend appeared in Kikunu and Riosuke decided to intervene and was pushed down the stairs, the way he got up and stepped up the stairs threateningly and the ensuing battle outside between the cane was simply unsatisfactory. Was not it that I love fighting scenes? Au contraire? But it seemed a bit stressful and again, very exciting. <br /> <br /> Otherwise, although it is not a nice film to watch, it has provided an interesting glimpse into the dark side of prostitution (unlike the giraffe). Unfortunately, this may be a feed to our expectations of migrant women ("honey? I'll give you a deal" backed by excessive actions) and seriously cast doubt on whether nineteenth-century prostitutes actually acted in this way. But once I got home, the inner workings became more interesting, lively and real and presented a scenario I never expected or imagined in my 19th-century romantic view of Japan.
