"The Sea is Watch" was Swansong Akira Kurosawa's film: Adapting to the story of his favorite novelist Shoguru Yamamoto in a scenario he was planning to shoot was his last sign of a career. Director Kei Kumai honors both Kurosawa and Yamamoto to deliver this stunning visual transformation of the word to the image. <br /> <br /> The story unfolds in Japan in the 19th century. The story explores the lives of the women of Bet Guisha, whose only goal in life is to make money by pleasing men. The house is run by an elderly couple and Gentil and Jisha are a charming group of women who know their business and are proud of their work. Each has a reason to switch to the life of Geisha. Oshin (Nagiko Tono) supports her family living in a neighboring village, Kikuno (Misa Shimizu) has both good and evil clients who run to keep her stories from her upper class. Oshin lives with the endangered Samurai, falls in love with his gentle colleague, only to find that he should not marry his class and leave his pleasures with Oshin to marry his promised sermon. Oshin's heart is easily bruised but is always supported emotionally and physically / critically by Kikuno and other army. <br /> <br /> The handsome Masatoshi Nagase enters the life of Oshin and develops the first reliable and faithful relationship with her. Kikuno suffers from problems and decides whether she will accept the humble love of an old man who wants to marry her and deal with a rich but abusive client. Watching the sea all the time and when a hurricane destroys the army house and the street, Oshin and Kikuno sit on the roof waiting for the rescue promised by Ryusuke. The way the story ends is sacrifice, love and sincerity. The sea is watching and will find protection for true love. <br /> <br /> The photography of the Okuhara Akazu is amazingly beautiful: the night scenes with glowing lanterns and rich geisha designs correspond to frequent glimpses of the calm and turbulent sea. The representation is a little tense for Edo's art, but the characters are very creative and maintain the credibility of the story. The only distraction that Kurosawa will no doubt overlook is the attractive Western musical result that looks like stuffing the cheap soap opera except for the isolated moments when real Japanese music is seen on original instruments. But in the end there is enough Kurosawa's influence to bring this film to its dream-like brand, which will always maintain its importance in global cinema. Grady harp
