Ah, yes, all stars. Take a concept, compile it in a script and load it with each special effect unique to the wizards of Hollyweird. Then, the usual suspects are gathered: I want to be and always, and all play different roles in different sizes before the unforgiving eye of the cameras. We hope that some of them are not so old that they do not remember their lines. <br /> <br /> Leave it to the bishops of the Office Box to apply the concept to horror movies finally, as was the case with the post-exorcist film. The novelist Jeffrey Convitz decided to try the Era Levin scenario "Rosemary Pape" for neighbors creeping (and ultimately demonic) in a stone built in New York. The result was a controversial bestseller that some claimed had defied the controversial and controversial car on the equal footing with the star-studded star Michael Wainer of DEATH WISH, but for so many different reasons. <br /> <br /> Christina Rains (Nashville) plays the role of successful Allison Parker, who is overworked and overworked (I will not add "overpriced".) I mean it is a model, so it will be necessary ), Not only according to her schedule 24/7, and also by her intimate boyfriend, "I want to get married, now", Michael (Chris Sarandon of DOG DAY AFTERNOON and SOB.IG classic film LIPSTICK). A great brown stone, nice in Manhattan you can get cheaply (this should have been the big red flag - cheap real estate in New York!), From the mysterious broker Miss Logan (Golden Aggie), fresh from storm migration in the EARTHQUAKE.) <br /> <br /> Looks good at first, but ah, yeah ... Then comes the noise and loud noise from the apartment upstairs at night. What about really weird neighbors like Gerdi (Sylvia Miles), Sandra (from the early Beverly Dangello), the "lonely friends" of the Latifians (who read: Lesbians) living together, and Charles Chazine (a creepy creepy Burgess Meredith) Allison? Not to mention the other squirrel cohabitation (you will never hear the words "black and white cat and black and white cakes" again without wanting to laugh on your nose and possibly vomit at once.) Especially the old blind priest who lives in the penthouses ... <br /> < (All in one of the most staining movies of the Underwear), both Alison and Michael, with some help from BFF Allison, Jennifer (Deborah Ravin), In the compilation of the mystery that reveals the dark origins of brown stone, as well as the deadly agenda of its inhabitants Yuen others, not to mention their Alison relationship, which as it turned out to be no coincidence. <br /> <br /> Although there is nothing controversial about the cast of experienced actors, which seems to show each of the various species looking for work at the time, (Arthur Kennedy, Jose Ferrer, Martin Balsam and Eli Wallach John Carradine and even the early appearances of Christopher Walken, Jeff Goldblum and Nana Visitor!) The winning company and the company returned to the basics of bombs and got "Tod Browning" ... by recruiting actors with material challenges to appear in the SENTINEL sequence of everything , And everyone goes to hell, which I think any karate manager will do, finds himself unable to reach Linda Blair and the case of green peas soup. No doubt it makes you manipulate the fingers of the North Pole as it plays your spinal cord like a knitting machine, knowing that this is a bit of exciting information while watching. It has a technology that filmmakers have only recently begun to come back with: direct makeup and special effects that do not include CGI (which did not exist much at the time). <br /> <br /> SENTINEL contains the late- But succeeds in distinguishing himself from time to time with some pathetic moments like those mentioned above, not to mention the feeling of nausea with horror that he finds a horror book to play on, from isolation and things that go cry at night. After all, what a person who lives in a big city does not sleep in the dark, listening attentively to the sounds he hopes is "the building is settling down?" <br /> <br /> Konvitz The SENTINEL continues with an inevitable sequel, The Guardian (not to be confused with William Friedkin's extraordinary teaser), which has never been adapted to the screen. A sigh of relief
