This happens to be one of my favorite horror movies. It is a rich and elegant production with a wonderful group of actors in the band, a beautiful cinematic portrayal of the site, a painful musical score, a clever new plot scheme, and a climate of dread and threat. It reminds us of classic films such as ROSEMARY'S BABY and SHINING, where young and weak women find themselves victims of supernatural powers in the old buildings crawling with the horrendous past. Here, Christina Raines plays a New York City model named Allison Parker. She was convinced by her outgoing, happy outgoing spirit with a deeply turbulent spirit. This is illustrated by the discovery that in the past, she tried to commit suicide twice as a teenage girl after walking on her exhausted father sitting in bed with two women and making him tear a solid silver out of her neck and throw him to the ground. , And the second time, after the wife of her boyfriend married the lawyer for suicide because of knowledge of their relationship. To tell her about her (which is nicely played by Chris Sarandon) she needs to live on her own for a year or so, she answers a newspaper ad about a fully furnished, one-bedroom apartment in an old Brooklyn Heights building. This building already exists and is located at 10 Montague Terrace directly next to Brooklyn Heights Promenade off Remsen Street. The producers were filmed inside the building and its apartments, prompting residents to disturb them, of course. It seems that the real estate agent, Miss Logan (AVA GARDNER), is very interested in making Allison take the apartment - an interest that can not be explained only by the 6% commission she will win. Especially when the rental rate quickly drops from $ 500.00 per month to $ 400.00. Allison agrees, and when she leaves the building with Miss Logan, she notices an elderly man sitting and staring at her from the upstairs window. Miss Logan knows her man as Father Halirane and tells Allison that he is blind. Allison's response is very logical - "blind? After the move, Alison meets some other residents of the building, including a gay couple played by Sylvia Miles and Beverly Dangello, who present Allison with an uncomfortable welcome in the building. Allison's mental health soon began and her physical well-being deteriorated as she suffered headaches and fainting spells. When she worries about Miss Logan about her sleep disturbance on a nightly basis with metal steps and noisy footsteps coming straight from the apartment, she is misguided to learn that, apart from the blind priest, no one has lived in this building for the last three years. When summoning the courage one night to confront her tormented night, she armed herself with a butcher's knife and a flashlight and entered the apartment on the top floor. The ghost faces her dead father with cancer and uses the knife to defend himself when he comes after her. Check the police and find any sign of violence in that apartment - no body, no blood and nothing. However, Allison fled the building and collapsed in the street, covered with blood, as it turned out. But there is a firearm on it. What Alison did not realize until the film was chosen was that her presence in this brown stone had a purpose. I have been put there for some reason that originates from the story of the Torah about the Garden of Eden and the angel Orill who was posted at his entrance to protect him from Satan. She prepares for the Catholic Church and unwittingly prepares her for an important role - ensuring that her spirit, cursed by her suicide attempts, can be saved. At the same time, the "invisible" neighbors, who turn into more than a strange stranger, have a different agenda in mind for her. This efficient film was cleverly accomplished, and it amazingly depicts the church and its representatives in the light of my often sympathetic attitude.
