I'm not sure why this little film was turned into mystery, despite some ridiculous events. Sentinel is a clever and innovative horror film that offers most highly suspicious ghost stories today more than just a profit for their money. Michael Weiner has admitted many times that he is not the best director of all time and that he starred on several occasions with this film; but it must be said that the film works in spite of its uninspiring direction and the fact that the winner somehow managed to collect a more impressive collection of talent Of compensation. The plot is rich in mystery and begins by focusing on Allison Parker and searching for an apartment. She found that she could not afford most of the properties she was looking at, but she thought her luck had changed when she found a fully furnished apartment at a convenient price. Her problems begin soon after she moves, because she does not like her neighbors very much ... The problem is compounded when the realtor tells her she has only one neighbor; an elderly old priest on the top floor ... <br /> <br /> The list of actors is really wonderful , Where relatively unknown Christina Rynes leads a superb support team. Chris Sarandon is a small wooden role in his role to Raines, but a small part of the likes of John Carradine, Elie Walsh, Ava Gardner, Jeff Goldblum and Christopher Walker, to name but a few, more than compensating for the portrayal of Sarandon Hammad. Michael Winner is doing well with his central location, where the apartment suite provides an exhilarating and compelling setting for the story. The film is a bit slow at first, but it's not boring; Michael Weiner's scenario provides a surprise that is almost impossible to guess from the offset, which certainly deserves some praise. Like many similar slow horrors, this horror is not devoted to the money that was released early - but unlike many, the end is a definite climax as the "Weiner" does its best to shock the viewer, and if there is a rumor that he used a real human anomaly Right. I have to say it does a very good job at it! Overall, while this film may be pure hokum whichever way you look at it; Sentinel is one of the best films of its kind, and is certainly one of the most notable films of his director.
