Michael Weiner may be known for his revenge films, "The Will of Death" and "Chateau Land," but he is equally gifted as a director of the hidden horror film, as the "Sentinel" proved in 1977. "The Sentinel," based on a novel by John Connitz , Who also wrote the script, is a very intelligent and frightening religious file, and fans of the film "Mysterious Horror" should not lose it. The film is clearly inspired by successful successful classics such as "Rosemary's Baby", "The Exorcist" or "The Omen." But as far as I'm concerned, this film is as easily disturbing as the widely known and possibly creepy movies. <br /> <br /> Allison Parker (Christina Raines) is a beautiful young model in New York. Allison is shocked by the events in her past and has not yet been ready to marry her lawyer friend Chris Sarandon and is looking for an incredibly beautiful and affordable apartment in an old palace in Brooklyn. However, the new apartment comes with a group of other very exotic tenants. And soon the evil neighbors become more than a little annoying to Alice ... This may not be an appropriate summary of the plot, but I hate to spoil any of the moments of this great film, so I will not give any additional description of the scheme. What I'm going to say, however, is that "The Sentinel" is a very creepy and effective film that benefits from a fantastic crew, in addition to a mostly bizarre and lasting atmosphere. The fact that director Michael Weiner and author John Connitz played the role of producers here certainly had an impact on the outcome. The film was brilliantly filmed, and the strange old Brooklyn Palace is a great place for this type of film. As mentioned above, the atmosphere is mysterious and creepy, the film also includes many moments of shock and real fear. The film is characterized by many evil and strange characters, and the actors are wonderful. Beautiful Christina Raines is great in her role as Allison Parker, lovable yet on the cusp of losing her mind. Chris Sarandon is also a very good friend, a successful lawyer, and the support team includes many big names, such as Christopher Whelkin, Jeff Goldblum, Jerry Auerbach, Beverly Dangelo and Tom Beringer, before becoming famous. The cast also includes stars such as Ava Gardner, Horror John Carradine and Burgess Meredith, my favorite personal favorite, and Eli Wallach the Great, a satirical murder investigator. I've been a great fan of Michael Weiner for a long time, mostly for films like Death Wish and Chato's Land. "The Sentinel" is another great film in the Weiner group, and it is proof that the man is not only the master of the vengeful film industry, but also the hidden horror film in the atmosphere. All in all, the "Sentinel" is a mysterious, intelligent and strangely cool file that is highly recommended to all horror lovers!
