This horror film, based on a novel of the same name, suffers from faulty production and a crisp, volatile direction, but it is nonetheless very strange. In contrast to horrifying horrifying clicks like the evil-eater, this movie takes the viewer in a slow but relentless retreat into a group of evil. He drifts into horror, explodes on the audience with the same dream-like slowness as he did on the poor girl who was inadvertently chosen to be the next guard. Its specific task is to sit at the gates of hell and prevent evil from rushing into the world. This lies in atoning for her attempt to commit suicide early in her life. <br /> <br /> The story is real for the book, which was perforated, but the way it was edited can lose the viewer. There are some fine details in the plot that have been resolved away and never made clear, which hurts the film. that's unfortunate. The guard is not a bit of a flick at the edge of your seat; it's more than an hour and squirm uncomfortably. Like a bad car wreck, there is a compulsion to look even when it becomes unbearable. This film is not entirely bad, and still has the ability to shock. <br /> <br /> The cast was qualified. Christina Raines was a prisoner of Allison, the vulnerable girl who was under attack from both sides, a pawn in the endless battle between good and evil. Chris Sarandon was as good as her patron but her self-centered friend in the end. Ellie Wallach and Christopher Christine Young are the investigators who are struggling to uncover the strange mystery that has been handed over to him. Ava Gardner is elegant as a realtor is unaware of the pitfalls that lie in renting real estate. Old John Carradine, with his hands covered with arthritis, is considered as the death guard to be replaced. Satan played to the magician's perfection by Meredith Burgess. It's so sweet and yet evil. There are hidden future stars in this film: Beverly Dangelo and Jeff Goldblum as friends of the poor girl, and Jerry Auerbach successfully plays against writing as a jerky TV director. The damned souls are filmed in the end by real side freaks and geeks. Everyone who thought of doing this was a crooked but wonderful genius. <br /> <br /> The horror of the film bubbles unexpectedly, such as when Alison opens Papa and finds something evoking memories of the past when she found her father with two of his whores. She recalls her first suicide attempt, faces an oddly dysfunctional couple of lesbians, and sees a piece cut as a cookie. Repeatedly, the back and forth were extracted through reality and fantasy, through dreams and nightmares that awaken, while lacking means to overcome them. In fact, Satan tries to drive her mad enough to kill herself before she becomes the next guard. Will he succeed ...? In short, slow motion but unspeakable creepy, good-behaved but poorly directed, and film 70 typical horror too before the real shocks loose. (No pun intended) This movie may not work for those who have a short attention span, but can still send chills in the spine, and can provide some low shock value. Remains a strange and amusing retreat in the world of evil.
