The feature of director / writer Michael Weiner is a supernatural horror film that is better than expected (although it still takes care of efficiency), which is not noticed. She may borrow ideas from other similar horror films in this period, but she can still bring her psychological footprint to smoking (from good to evil) and a unique vision that has a fair share of impressive expansionism, if it is to some extent an exploitative group . In its entirety, it seems superficial, but still interesting by planting an ominous charge without going to gangsters with fear. In fact, there is always something going on between its crowded frame, but it is not insignificant through its traumas, which tend to soap and tailoring patterns in the atmosphere, until it climbs to its apocalyptic climax with delightful apocalyptic revelation. You may feel the dandy ingenuity worn by the winner as an infantryman, yet she is the band of actors she really brings together? Also try to discover the faces. There are so many. Some are associated with the scheme of things more than others, but there is no doubt that each of them is committed, despite the loud nature of it all. It is interesting to see names such as Sylvia Miles (who are hugely contagious!), Beverly Dangello (similarly), Deborah Ravin, Ellie Wallach, Christopher Walken, William Hickey (an elegant hero), Jeff Goldblum, Jerry Auerbach and Tom Beringer. parts. Then Chris Sarandon got a moderate and gorgeous Christina Rains in the race. Assisted by José Ferrer, Martin Balsam, Ava Gardner, John Carradine, Burgess Meredith and Arthur Kennedy. The text transcends many characters, as well as ideas, but is separated from each other by trying to pressure it. However, the puzzling air works for him to prove doubts and deceptions about what is already happening here. Is there a reason for all of this, and why surrounds Renz's character? The focus is mainly on that mood, as it slowly begins to shed light on what is happening inside it and the strange / disturbing experiences it encounters when it moves into its new apartment. This is where Weiner tries to pull out the strange shadows, which show some icy moments. Gil Melle was the man in charge of the grand orchestral class that he never missed at all.
