sigh?? I honestly wonder why all the critics of the cinema are so acclaimed and deep-seated about such a grudge against director Michael Weiner? It is certainly not the symbol of accuracy, since his films are always hard-line and confront, but what about it? They are amusingly amused. His most famous films, such as the first three films in the series Death Wish - for example, are easy targets for sneaking because they claim to glorify the violence and personal use of guns, but even when the winner takes the most mature movie theaters ?? Such as the religious horrors of "guard" for example? Do not stand in front of any of the critics. The film "The Sentinel" caused some controversy and angered many people when it was released, when it leaked that Michael Weiner casts a shadow over people with disabilities and real distortion to portray creatures trying to cross the ferries between hell and earth. Pretty much the same controversy caused the masterpiece Todd Browning and a teacher in the horror cinema "Freaks" to remain banned and invisible for more than thirty years! And why? Just because some people who are easily cautious and insulting and who should not watch the film in the first place claim that it is immoral to do it? I do not suppose that Michael Weiner or Todd Browning held these people at gunpoint or forced them to appear in their films. What gives us the right to feel embarrassed in their place? Another major reason for critics not to warmly welcome "The Sentinel" is the novel by Jeffrey Kunwitz ?? Thus scenario Michael Weiner? It is largely derived from other contemporary horror stories but more successful under the religious title, therefore, according to the unforgiving lyrics of the horror critics, a little more than pure plagiarism. It is recognized that The Sentinel borrows various essential elements from Rosemary's Baby, The Omen and The Exorcist, but let's face it, Seventy's cinema thrives to a great extent on stolen versions and tradition of success stories. If you overlook the concept of a little non-original, and in all fairness, a bunch of sub-plots is very confusing and unnecessary, "The Sentinel" is still frankly still very impressive and highlights horror in the seventies through an impressive collection of horror and fantasy images not from Likely to be easily forgotten. <br /> <br /> Alison Parker, a charming model with some unprofessional trauma, moves to a stunning brownstone apartment in Brooklyn, deeply against the will of her boyfriend, Michael, who has proposed marrying her. Several times already. Allison's physical presence, especially her mental state, changes dramatically soon after, and the ominous apartment seems to be the root of all misery. Meet odd-looking neighbors and attend birthday parties for cats, although the landowner claims she and the blind priest are the only tenants. She is often afraid during her work and has visions of her successful father and the night she tried to commit suicide. It is slowly becoming clear that Allison has been chosen to serve a higher supernatural purpose within this residential building, but at the same time the malicious forces are trying to prevent it. It's really unfortunate how the promotional straps and even a brief summary on the back of the DVD instantly reveal that Alison's Brownstone's apartment is the gateway to hell and she is chosen to protect it, because the film's script slowly accumulates towards this inspired shock. For nearly 75 minutes (and along some boring and sad sequences), Michael Weiner succeeded in maintaining the impression that Allison's mind was playing tricks with her and that the involvement of the Catholic Church and its strange fiancée was entirely red. Many terrifying scenes come close to being largely a genius, such as the memories of former Allison or first known with the priest on the top floor. The full peak, with the controversial guest appearances mentioned above, is a truly perplexing display of pure terror, and easily one of the most memorable and troubling differences that I have ever seen. <br /> <br /> The Michael Michael Winner The compilation is very impressive, especially as "The Sentinel" is still a horror film project and this genre is not the most popular among the leading actors, but of course you also have to put the list of actors in a simple perspective. With this protracted extension, it is clear that many of the roles in the film are nothing more than a veil. Martin Balsam and John Carradine, for example, only appear on the screen for a few minutes. Many other celebrities (such as Christopher Walken, Jeff Goldblum, Beverly Dangello and Tom Beringer) may add a lot of fame to the film at the moment, but when it was released, they were still too unknown to attract curious viewers. My personal choice for best offers, goes to Burgess Meredith Kegar Gharib and Elly Walach as a satirical police inspector. The relatively unknown Christina Reynes performs a wonderful film, and Chris Sarandon returns it accurately, even though it connects a ridiculously sharp drinker. In my humble opinion "The Sentinel" is a terrifyingly entertaining and terrifying horror film, and certainly must be seen by the fanatics of the genre TRUE.
