This is the first two-part story of the conflict between machines and humanity in the world of Matrix. It is amazingly advanced by combining observations about man's fear of the unknown and his rape of politics, large-scale religious and historical images, vandalism, Terrifying for our near future. It is not ideal, and some plot points and images are clear and contradictory at the same time, but have the desired influence and influence and tell a mysterious story and warning. <br /> <br /> This first part prepares the scene - human societies developed advanced and capable robots, mostly human beings, to serve people who perform flimsy and unskilled jobs, employment, construction, etc., and thus the population became lazy and humiliated towards them. But one robot is fighting rebels and killing its owner, explaining in his next trial that he simply does not want to die. It has been destroyed, but when the robot masses are called upon to protect humanity, many robots step up to protest, with many human sympathizers with them. <br /> <br /> The images here are exploitative, telling about race riots and abuse, Tiananmen Square, the Holocaust and a very provocative scene of the robot in the appearance of the human girl getting harry, stamped in the head and then shot dead as "I'm real" pleading. Lays on the ground, clothes torn skin and hanging breasts. It is a clear and clear image designed to show human fear of uncontrolled elements and aggression against groups based on the actions of individuals. <br /> <br /> In any case, this first part is very much like a compressed version of I Robot, but it soon evolved into the well-known Matrix background story, where the remaining robot module is evicted and assembled in the Middle East, Narrator tells us. There, the machines rearrange their ranks and begin to produce new artificial intelligence, manufacture the comprehensive technology and trade with the human nations. We see a commercial ad for a car using circular hover motors used by the ships used by the rebels in the movies and we see rover-type robots circling Zero One, the name of their city. Their goods and trade make their economy rise and affect other economies in a harmful way, and governments and human authorities put the blockade in response. The machines send ambassadors in the likeness of Adam and Eve to a UN conference to negotiate a peaceful solution to the blockade, but they were removed by force and the war scene was set in Part II. <br /> <br /> Animation is powered by Studio 4 ° C, which works on a good number of animatrix and is visually stimulating and stimulating, making different scenes such as photo montage, CCTV footage, special import scenes and a comprehensive view of the story perfectly. The plot may not be an original concept and may depend on the minds of the simplified sheep and conspiracy models and resort to provocative material to influence, but after the puzzling ambiguity presented by the first film and Morpheus Morphos - concise briefings of the catastrophic events that left the world destroyed and in the hands of machines that act as a warning and means of many Observations and comments on the humanitarian situation, the development of artificial intelligence and the importance of harmony, cooperation and destruction consequences of conflict and prejudice, and expanded topics in films.
