Minor Spoilers <br /> <br /> Allison Parker (Christina Raines) is a successful model, living with lawyer Michael Lerman (Chris Sarandon) in his apartment. She tried to commit suicide twice in the past: the first time, when she was a teenager and saw her father cheating her mother with two women in her house, and then died Michael's wife. Since then, Christ and the Catholic Church have been left behind. Allison wants to live alone in her own apartment, and with the help of the real estate agent Miss Logan (Ava Gardner), you find a beautifully furnished old apartment in Brooklyn Heights for a reasonable rent. You see a strange man in the window on the last floor of the building. Miss Logan reports that he is Father Francis Matthew Haloran (John Carradine), a blind priest living alone with the support of the Catholic Church. Allison moves to her new place and, once there, receives a visitor: her neighbor Charles Chazine (Burgess Meredith) welcomes her and offers her new neighbors. Afterward, Allison calls for a birthday party for Jezebel at his night. The next day, strange things happened with Allison in her apartment and her health. Allison searches for Miss Logan and learns that she lives alone with the priest in the building. Another investigation shows that all the people you knew in the party were dead criminals. Afraid of the situation, Allison embraces Christ again, while Michael investigates the frightening events. Allison realizes that she lives in the Gate of Hell. <br /> <br /> Although underestimated in the IMDb user rating, "The Sentinel" is one of the best horror movies ever. I saw this film at least six times, the first time in the seventies, in the cinema. On September 07, 2002, I bought an imported DVD and saw it again. Yesterday I saw this movie again. Even after many years, this film is still wonderful. The frightening and thorny story scares even in the present days. Cast a constellation of stars and stars. You can see many actors and actresses, who are famous, at the beginning of their careers. Surely horror film lovers adore "The Sentinel", and I am one of them. My vote is nine. <br /> <br /> Note: On September 02, 2007, watch this movie again.
