This was the first thing that came to mind when I watched the final credits for Europe made that they were on the screen. I never saw such a technical genius, the images of Europe are so impressive that any film I watch in the aftermath will only fade in comparison, Forget your Michael Bay, Ridley Scott Hollywood movie spot, Europe has a more ethereal beauty than anything these two can conjure up within a million years. Now, I will be the first to praise Lars von Trier as a genius on the back of his films Breaking Waves and Dancer in the Dark, but this is stupid, the fact that Europa has not been noticed by film experts for a long time is a crime against cinema, while excessive garbage like Crouching Tiger The Hidden Dragon and Life is Beautiful are cleaned at the Oscars (but what we know). Europe has been hidden away from movie and video shops (until recently) and any British television channels. <br /> <br /> The visual images in Europe are not MTV gloss; it's not a case of style on substance; it is more of a case dictated style style. Like his first film The Element of Crime, von Trier uses the main character perspective to attract us to his world. Like Element, the film begins with the main character (or, in the case of Europa, we are the audience) being hypnotized. As we move continuously, we hear the voice of the narrator (Max von Sydow) in deep sleep, until we wake up in Europe. This allows the iPhone Trier and its three filmmakers to push by time and image. There are many scenes in Europe when a character is interacting in the background, in black and white, with someone in the foreground being the color, von Trier tries to explain to us how much the color element or person is on the plot, For example, it is not surprising that the first shot of Leopold Kessler (Jean-Marc Barr) is in color, because it is the only character of the act of superiority over the film? <br /> <br /> The shows are good, they may not be equivalent to the shows in subsequent von Trier films, but this is only because the pictures are sometimes distracted so much that you do not actually pick them up at the first round-ball. But I would like to refer to the remarkable performance of Jean-Marc Barr in the leading role, in which his blindly blind manner is slowly warned by the opposing sides, until it explodes in the final film. Again, the film, like Element of Crime, ends with our hero unable to wake up from the state of his nightmare, which he left in this terrible place, with von Siddo still recounting his fate. Europa is a huge film, and I can not think of what he gave up the shame that von Trier gave up on the way of filming, because he was clearly one of the most talented directors who worked at that time, Europa, like the rest of his cinematic gun filled with a wealth of iconic scenes. His dedication to writing and writing is unparalleled, let alone used for sound design and production. But since melodrama, which has not been restrained, has been shown to be "breaking the waves and dancing in the dark," who can argue, but seems to be a waste of imaginative talent. 10/10
