2003 was considered Matrix Year, with two series and a computer game actually associated with the film's outline. A DVD of 9 short animated films was also produced, most of them made in Japan and made as anime. Japan is one of the best animation in the world. Unfortunately most of these pants are disappointing. The best is the first part of the premiere of the first Matrix movie. <br /> <br /> The second Renaissance was created as a historical file. He tells how humans made machines in their likeness. Humans live a high life while machines grumble, community workers, second-class citizens. In 2090, a machine, BI-66ER, was brought to trial for murder, after killing its owners who wanted to deactivate it. The machine does not have a fair trial and riots start around the world. Governments of the global system of dismantling machines. Many machines leave human society and constitute its own Middle East, O1. 01 has a productive economy and easily undermines human nations, forcing them to economic crisis. The humanitarian blockade 01 rejected the demands of machines for peace, and therefore the people were responsible for the war that enslaved them. <br /> <br /> The Second Renaissance is an interesting clock, in an excellent traditional cartoon style and puts the world compelling. It shows how machines were abused and that humanity has sowed the seeds of their destruction. There is a political and social world that tells us a lot in a short time. Short stock themes and style for the silent classical Metropolis film, partly beginning with the underworld. These are slavery, mistreatment of the working class and racism. There are also some religious themes and religious icons. Basically, men saw themselves as God and created machines in their likeness. They consider themselves the legitimate masters of machines. The machines also use religious icons, whose nation is mainly in the cradle of human civilization, and machinery coming to the United Nations dressed in the form of Adam and Eve, offering an apple. <br /> <br /> A beautiful cartoon style, done in a traditional anime style (like Akira). The designs are fantastic, combining future cities and historic cities, such as Washington DC. There is a good future scene, and sudden violence, the key to the film. The director, Mahiro Maeda, directed the anime sequence in Kill Bill Vol. 1, so he has good credentials for Hollywood. He is willing to use violence and know how the story continues. <br /> <br /> The only real complaint is the continuity error of the first Matrix movie because Morpheus mentions that humans do not have historical records or know who started the war. But in a good hour.
