The prisons are not exactly known for their generosity, "happy feelings", and what about the stories of battles, chaos, murder, and of course the bond between males! But the prison in this film is a completely different monster. The horror movies in the cells are not, you know, something particularly new because they confirm and increase the fear of fear of indoor fear and the inability to escape ?? Two of the greatest themes in horror cinema. With examples such as THE CHAIR (Waldermar Korzeniowsky, 1988), The Green Mille (Frank Darabont, 1999), ALIEN 3 (David Fincher, 1992) and of course the whole exploitation of Women In Prison itself, another entry into this right place was creative A lot of fun to boot for recognition. Or at least that's what you think. The PRISON is definitely an incredibly enjoyable and enjoyable journey and it is somewhat shameful that it is not as well known as it should be. <br /> <br /> The film, in short, focuses on an old prison (well, Duh!) that has reopened. However, it is not just his fellow prisoners and guards who must be afraid of prisoners, but also ghost ghost hidden ass with only one thing in their mind; death! And boy, did we deal with some horrible death scenes! I will not spoil anything here for you, but there are lots of innovative and fun killings that are all done by invisible hands. <br /> <br /> Along with special effects and killings, this movie also contains something else that happens; it casts. Headline, we have the star of the Lord (Peter Jackson, 2001-2003) star of Vigo Mortensen (and for all those who tend, yes, it is a disgrace) whose performance is not only believable, but skillfully rendered him highly skilled The character of Eastwood-esquire is bad to Very large and well liked (very delicate mix). Add it to a group of actors "hey - wait a minute - I know that person" and you will get a great selection of stars. However, the characters themselves lack the three dimensions, and often appear in a very stereotypical manner. We have a black ophthalmologist, the director of Saab prison, a woman human rights activist and many other personalities. But honestly, this "error" actually helps the film. Instead of developing a dull personality in a very long balance, we are, in one way or another, stunned directly in motion and once they start (very early), there is no one scene representing the filler? It balls into a wall plot. Contrary to some appearances of shadows (Frank Darabont, 1994)! The sharing of conventions with italics is a kind of convention in itself, and in ol 'slasher traditions, PRISON punishes those who are bad. <br /> <br /> All in all this is an excellent horror One little movie is unfortunately ignored and referred to among the world of horror. With excellent actors, great special effects and original death scenes, this movie is highly recommended for horror lovers. Do not be fooled into thinking that it would be a young film too, just because it was made in the United States in the 1980s, that it is far from cheating (although the end destroys this, while at the same time away from the bold and realistic) while trying to address issues such as rape In prisons, and done with some skill). <br /> <br /> Give it 3.5 out of 5 cases. Horror film is very enjoyable with some very nice touches already.
