"The Adventures of Barry McKenzie" began life as a comic strip in "The Private Eye", written by Barry Humphries and based on the idea of ​​Peter Cook. McKenzie ('Bazza' to his friends) is a lean and cocky Australian wearing a hat and his main interests are life in sex (though never before) and Fosters lager. In 1972, he found his way to the big screen for his first outing. Humphreys must have been tempted to portray himself as the Baza, but he left the job wisely to Barry Crocker (later to sing the theme for the soap opera "The Neighbors"!). Instead, Humphries played multiple roles in the real Peter Sellers style, most notably Emadite aunt Emadiate arrogant in Baza (this was before becoming a lady). <br /> <br /> You know that this will not be "the importance of being Ernest" when rating the NPA control stands for "No Permitted Poopters". "In order to inherit a share of his father's will, he has to go to England to absorb British culture," said one of Sydney's lawyers, Syed Boums. With Aunt Edna on a trip, he made a trip to Quantas to Hong Kong and then to London. A highly qualified customs officer makes Bazza pay import duties on everything he bought there, including a bag full of "tubes of Fosterers lager". As he put it: "When it comes to going down to you, Pomez has the edge on the Jebus!" A sly taxi driver (Bernard Spier) increases the fare by taking Bazza and Edna first to Stonehenge, then Scotland. The streets of London are dirty, and their hotel is a hut run by a fishy owner (Spike Miligan) who makes the bazaa notice the pound is in the electricity meter every twenty minutes. There is some good news for our hero though; he meets with other Australians at Earl's Court, and the Fosters are on sale at the British pubs. <br /> <br /> What happens next is a series of comedy festivals that take Bazza from starring in his cigarette commercial car, putting curry in his pants believing him to be a form of eroticism, a strange encounter with Dennis Price as a deviant class High loves beating while wearing school uniform, and conservative young dance in Rickmansworth for a rock concert where his vomit (vomit) makes him an almost universal star, and finally to BBC TV Center, where he pulls his pants down in a live talk show hosted by the thinker, Joan Buckwell. A fire broke out, and Bazza's friends come to save - Foster's cans, peeing on the flames en masse. <br /> <br /> This is far from Bruce Beresford's subsequent works - 'Breaker Morant' and 'Driving Miss Daisy'. When released, he was criticized by critics for being too "vulgar". Well, yes, it is, but it is also not wonderful. Fun. "Baza" is a disgusting innovation, but his enthusiasm for life is unambiguous, you can only love a man. His various words about urination ("Percy's point in porcelain") and vomiting ("yawn in technicolor") have passed in English without many people knowing where they came from. Other stars include Dick Bentley (as the explorer chasing the bazaar everywhere), Peter Cook, Julie Covington (later to star in "Rock Falls"), and even future art director Russell Davis. <br /> <br /> Barry McNazey continues his impressive title - came out two years later. In the premiere, Humphries took the opportunity to blow up the critics who survived the first film. Good for him. <br /> <br /> However, what should have been of greater concern to him was the release of Crocodile Dundee in 1985. It also featured an Australian girl wearing a hat and struggling to reach conditions. With a foreign culture. And reap a lot of money. <br /> <br /> The song at the end of credits (played by Snaka Fitzgibbon) is fantastic. Your lyrical love line includes: "If you want to send your sister in madness, give it to Barry McKenzie!". It's time to finish this review. I have to go to shake hands with the unemployed ...
