What we have here is a compelling piece of low-budget horror with a relative original premise, a group full of familiar faces and one of the most compelling shooting scenes in the history of horror films. So ... could anyone tell me why this movie is completely underestimated ?? "Prison" is the first appearance of Finnish director Harleyn in America, which is still his best effort, though he continued to make great performances like "Die Hard 2", "Cliffhanger" and "Deep Blue Sea". The story unfolds exactly in the old and dilapidated Wyoming prison, which has been reopened for the cause of the overcrowded population in the more modern state prisons. Inside fortified fortresses prior to execution, the troubled spirit of the victim of the last chair remains. The current watchdog Eaton Sharp (Lynn Smith) was already in existence 40 years ago, when this innocent man was executed, and the soul still remembers his vile role in the unfair trial. It seems that the time for revenge has finally arrived. Figo Mortensen plays the role of a car thief who has to prevent more people, and Chelsea Field is a social worker who slowly reveals the secrets of the past. <br /> <br /> "Prison" contains more than half a dozen memorable. Gore sequences but unbearable tense atmosphere will definitely stick to them! Unlike any other horror picture of that decade, "prison" is characterized by an amazing sense of realism! I am referring to the original scene and the mood inside the prison walls, of course, and not to the supernatural murders committed ... although they are also truly troubling. The best parts of the film are pictures of the real and difficult drama sequences in prison with visual chaos and horrific horror. The best moment of terror (providing nightmares since I saw her at an early age) focuses on a deadly conflict like the death of barbed wire. The chase !! Suffering only one scenario of defects, but this is a common one ... almost inevitable, I think: cliché! The story presents almost all possible stereotypes in a surrounding prison. Our ugly, oblique fat through the "cute" boy game, avoids the cowardly guard and racist confrontation at any price and? Naturally ?? Black Wise Tricks Serving Lifetime (Have you ever heard anyone shout the name of Morgan Freeman?) Do not blindly stare at yourself these cliches are my advice, because there are so many other elements that you like. Photography is dark and damp, the mystery is long backed and successful, and guest roles supporting the B class actors are excellent (the audiences will know Tom Tom Everett, Tom Tomeini Leicester and even the timeless horror icon Ken Hooder). Forget Wens Craven's dreadful "Shocker" or "pathetic cheese" chair. This is the only prison file that is worth pursuing! Especially because of Viggo Mortensen's peak popularity today (I heard he starred in a successful franchise that includes elves, hobbits and other imaginative creatures ...) the real horror jewel of the 1980s for an urgent DVD!
