I pulled out the VHS box from my wide collection - many of them invisible - and picked up a movie, based on the art box, I thought it would be fun, and yes, bad. The jail was that cheesy 80s looked around this box. I sat and watched, and! And here! , We found that sometimes we actually sat down to a movie with advance expectations in mind. Luckily, I retreated from the mine quickly and quickly realized that I was sitting not only for a good film, but a very good movie. The prison tells the story of an old, dilapidated prison reopened to provide budgetary concerns. It looks creepy because all are empty and filled with prisoners. The jail user as a group is the most incredible and easily personal atmosphere of the most important film. Tells the story of the use of the prison as a central position in front of a man killed through the electric chair. We see Lynn Smith as a guard tearing up a cross before sending the man to his maker. Then we go to this day, first with a government council at a meeting decided to open the prison and send a beautiful doctor to make sure that the conditions are acceptable because they have launched a strong campaign against reopening the old prison. Then we see the new jailer, Lynne Smith, haunted by a nightmare in bed - and the new job of opening a prison he has not visited in years. Well, the rest follow suit: prisoners and guards arrive with a lot of stereotypes. Some personal depth and many prisoners are given interesting characters. Acting is better than one would expect with a work-like work by Lynn Smith. Viggo Mortenson is a very different prisoner of being crucified. Tom Everett, Tiny Leicester, and Evan Keane are really exploring the limits of their stereotypes. Chelsea Field is fine as a female lead. The best performer is Lincoln Kilpatrick, an actor of an apologetic character, like Criss - a prisoner who was in the same prison years ago when the "man" was executed with a kind of terrible secret. Something for bread slices or anything like that, but it certainly deserves a look and certainly better than many expect from it. I was pleasantly surprised by the way the director Rene Harlin created a very exciting story in the air. The pace and Harlin know how to build his sights. There are a few excessive scenes shot - those with barbed wire were like all tubes, but these scenes are visually creative and fun. Uniformly fit: The text is actually more cohesive than usual from films like this, thanks in part to Erwin Yablens who wrote the story, and you may recall that he came up with the idea of ​​making Halloween a scary holiday. Here the prison makes hell even more terrifying than it really is. Give the prison a break (get it).
