If you're already a fan of the great Peter O'Donnell of the 1960s, you'll really enjoy this movie. If you watch the movie "Modesty Blaise" in 1966, Vince! It was a camp. This is true humility Belize. Both story and character are true to the humility that writers love and love. It is very far from Joe's image of 1966, and it takes us very seriously. Alexandra Staden is good and trustworthy in the part, and yes, we see her kick her butt. Chuckle <br /> <br /> This film is likely to be the first in a series of soap operas, and thus it offers "modesty" music, childhood and days with Loeb. Donnel was the creative consultant in the film, everything really rang. So the story of O'Donnell that recounted how personal perception is just as Roy narrated. After reading all the books, I enjoyed the film even more. <br /> <br /> Now Miramax has kept its option on the property by making Quentin Tarrentino make this movie, I hope to see more Modesty stories as soon as possible. Especially as the wonderful character of Willie Garvin makes Modesty's character alive. To this end, I really hope to have a good film in Europe. I have no idea if Miramax plans to distribute a DVD in the United States. I think it may not be good in the United States in general distribution. I wonder how Miramax decides where and how to distribute its films. <br /> <br /> In the story, Modesty was in her early 20s and works at the Louche Casino in Tangier. The flashback sequence was skillfully arranged and took the Modesty of about 9 years, through the teen up to her current age in the movie - about 21-22, I think. I do not really think there is an "ideal actress" for Modesty. For many of us humility admirers, they are very powerful and their presence is already in our imagination. Alexandra Staden credible. It's very slim, graceful and prepared. It has a lot of proximity. She has a gorgeous face - a face stuck in your mind well after the film ends. According to photographer O 'Donnell, Romero, the Modesty has a more complete personality than Staden, but I am willing to overlook it. If Staden continues in this role, I think she will mature - just as the strength of modesty and skill increases as she ages. Staden already conveys Modesty's humor and absolute affirmation very well. This film is unlike anything else I have seen, and although it is directed by Scott Spiegel, it is full of Tarrentino touches, wonderful camera movements, lighting and brilliant motion sequences.
