Short summary <br /> <br /> This film opens with the release of soldiers from the company of men. One of them seeks another with a strange scheme the other refuses repeatedly. Later both are trapped in an office building that they want to break safe during the Christmas holiday. The runner turns into a playful joke and then into a desperate battle to survive (during the joking they lose all the safe liquids, so they are really dangerous). With an open trunk, well built and well oiled, pumping a hole in the wall and finally managed to escape ?? Only to find out that they have been betrayed and resided by women. One is captured, the other is still free and does not give it to his mate. Last meeting, the last light of the cigar, goodbye farewell, farewell, and friend. <br /> <br /> I found it hard not to see homosexuals in a closet for two main characters, played by classic stars Alan Dillon and Charles Brunson. They are obviously attracted to each other, and dealing with women is repugnant and disdainful all the time. It seems that the whole story has a strong symbolic mission, such as rescue. It is also very elegant. Safe two men want to break it is in? for the time ?? Very modern glass and aluminum tower. It is the headquarters of a publicity company, so there are many posters and wonderful wall coverings. Wardrobe is also very good. The stylish Citroen DS (perhaps the latest and most stylish car at all times) is great in this film ?? It may be a subtle type of product placement. <br /> <br /> I can recommend this film to the performance of the actor alone. Delon and Bronson already share high bills, in a way that surprised me as fair and very athletic. They both do a great deal of acrobatics. I have never seen Brunson better than here, he really acts - and speaks French all over, in a heavy tone he buys in an acceptable way. He is certainly the same man we hear. (So ​​the French version is highly recommended). Plays the role of police inspector who is being pursued Monday by representatives of Frankie's favorite actors, Bernard Frieson, who was Jane Hackman's partner at French Connection 2. He is the best known police inspector I know. The former child actress Brigitte Fussie is the vulgar girl who was not as innocent as she first appeared. <br /> <br /> Anyone expects to be "old abroad". You may be disappointed by the classic theft movies with this movie. For those who have a little patience this will be a rewarding experience, full of novel and original ideas and quirks, although it will be my little wild and sadistic for them.
