Completely tactical, strange (watch the strange moment of a deadly, deadly blonde acting like a tangled doll of some rich people), a useless advantage of its late-night marvel. This unclassified French production is a collection of non-puzzling ideas and random plot illustrations that focus on its highly charismatic (if somewhat hostile) stars Alan Dillon and Charles Brunson. Indeed, they can not do all of this, especially during the restricted middle section, hiding in a building during the Christmas holiday to crack a safe with a possible 10,000 sets. Hey fun! But this happens when the strange and exciting relationship between the characters of Dillon and Brunson. After the battle of manipulating will (and childish malice games against each other), the two reached an understanding that they believed they were involved and respected each other. This would play an additional role in the second half of the story with that curved ball undetectable. Their early encounters still suggest that there is more, but what we got is mysterious and this compounded it by "what just happens there?" Quitting this may make you jump. YEEEEAAAAAHHHHHHHHH! Happy to get it out of order. <br /> <br /> The speed is terribly slow, but it is measured quietly so it seems that this is intended to overwork with nervous tension, underline tension. Watch while the same process is repeated over and over again, and you know that something is not quite right and the scheme eventually comes. Now everything happens very automatically, but the peak yield is painful. The complex text is likely to be somewhat tight for its own sake, but there are some elegant developments (coins, glass, liquids? Try not to pour) and visual sounds. Jean-Herman's trend is sophisticated and low-cost, but get an artificial child and create an unwelcome ice-cold atmosphere. The FX FX feature is more powerful than that of Francois DeRoubaix, which is basically saved under its opening gesture. The upper drawers Dillon (which is hardened) and Bronson (crosses) are crucifixion and work magnificently. Bernard Friesson stands out as an inspector who knows that there is more going on than is happening. The attractive group of actresses is strongly supported by Brigitte Fosse and Olga George Pico. <br /> <br /> A bold, directionless drama, but polished by its strings and some strange introductions.
