This is the first film by John Renoir Sailent I saw probably right because of his best works, besides being his first major work. In general, it's actually a highly secured and technically accomplished film that lied to the fact that it was just a Renoir student effort. For the director's fans, he is full of interesting hints in Renoir's future films, especially the Chambimide diaries (1946) and the Golden School (1952) - portraying a group of low-class women craving crazily by various aristocrats - but also the rules of the game (1939) As in the same sequence, they show how belligerent servants act when their masters are turned away - and FRANCH CANCAN (1955) - Nana is seen in a blunt dance at one point. Personally, I would like to say that the film makes a decent companion piece for G.W. PANDORA'S BOX (1928), Joseph the Blue Blue Angel (1930) and LOL MONTES (1955) in his lively and full-fledged fascination. <br /> <br /> The movie was an amazing monetary and commercial failure at the time of its release - a "crazy mission," as Renoir later pointed out in his memoirs, which was not only personally costed by him (the financial burden of selling off some of his late father's paintings ), But almost make him give up cinema forever! Stylistically, NANA is quite different from Renoir's vocal work and owes a special religion to the Welsh husband's wife Eric von Stroheim (1922), a film that is highly admired by Renoir - and on a personal level, the piano should be revisited (Kino has owned it and von Stroheim 4 years now). In any case, NANA is certainly flawless: the deliberate speed it makes it feel during the 130-minute jogging period with some sequences (horse race around mid-center in particular) takes a long time. The style of over-representation in the show is also difficult sometimes - especially by Katharine Heislings Nana and Remog Guerney - Kathleen George Hogan (one of her different suitors) ... Although their characters are a bad character actress (who takes a courtesy lifestyle When they are disguised from the stage) and immature weakness, respectively. However, like Anna Magnani at the Golden School, Hessling (Renoir's wife at the time, by the way) is not attractive enough to be very convincing "as an example of elegance" (as another admirer describes at some point) able to enslave every man she meets. Among the most prominent figures in the work team is Dr. Caligari himself, Werner Krauss (as the most zealous enthusiast in Nana, Count Muffat), Jean Angelo (as a skeptical but initially tragic speaker of Nana's) and the future film director Claude Autant-Lara (Described as Claude Moore and also act as an art director here) as a close friend of the captive, but he is impressed with the secret of the neglected wife! <br /> <br /> The print version you saw - through Jean Renoir 3-Disc Collector's Jean version of Lionsgate - is often beautifully printed and beautifully colored and was only available on French DVDs. It is based on a classic of French literature (from Emile Zola, no less), which can only be shown on the screen several times, and the two most important films are Dorothy Arziner in 1934 (with Anna Stein and Leonel Atwell and I own VHS) and Christian Jake 1955 (with Martin Carroll and Charles Boer, which I'm not familiar with).
