I love this film I do not agree with some criticism (negative) I have read over the years. This was a great way to Eddie Murphy! He seemed to spend a wonderful time in his role as Chandler Jarrell and should never care what critics say if he enjoys doing it ?? And most of his audience enjoyed it! It was fun to watch because he brought some fantastic fantasy tension with Mr. Murphy's wonderful comic style. Keep in mind that "Golden Child" is a "fictional" movie? Just a fictional work of magic questioned the "real" world. During the time of the release of this film, I was working in a video rental shop. This was one of the most popular among all our customers. Each time, we put them on our screen, all the copies we came out of quickly with queue requests that kept them on the waiting list for months! Everyone who hired it loved it! I was a resident movie critic and all my regular clients ask my opinion before they hire ?? This was one of my favorite things and I knew the taste of my customers so I recommended this to most of them. I really feel that this movie is asleep ?? May not be good at the box office? Because marketing is so bad? But it reached the highest level in the video rental market and later purchase! (Yes, I bought this movie for my video library!). I adore the little boy who played "The Golden Child" ?? J. L. Reate - But after looking at his profile in IMDb, I noticed that he had not done any other movies. This is sad, because he certainly had a halo on the screen and could continue in the movie career. I am also impressed by Victor Wong, who played the role of the old man (whom I loved on his part as "Egg Shen" in "A Big Trouble in Small China" - 1986). Anyway, this was a wonderful movie. The only drawbacks that do not seem to fit into the idea are some of the parts that got more "adults" in nature ?? Such as "Chandler's remarks are somewhat sexual about the snake lady who presented him as a silhouette." It was funny, but it was still out of sync. Still a kind of adventure and escape from the movies we need today to get away from the hard and serious reality that is affecting us from Hollywood.Now this is entertainment!
