I always feel strange and guilty when I say it (because I'm a fairly well-educated young man), but I really love Olsen twins, and I respect the films they make, even though I've never been the target audience. "When in Rome" was the traditional Mary-Kate and Ashley film, supplemented by travel abroad, accents, motorcycles, adult romance as a "B" story, fashion trend, and even a pear reel on credit. I enjoyed my time. "When you're in Rome" and other Olsen twins do not pretend they are not something they are not; most often, they only show on the video, never claiming to be a "citizen citizen" or even a "little relationship". My point is that people who watch this movie and expect it to be anything other than Olsen's twin film will be disappointed. <br /> <br /> However, those who encourage Olsen twins will really enjoy themselves. For those of us who have seen them since the first episodes of "Full House", it's really wonderful to see them turn into more mature roles. This film provides important historical and geographic information, just like many of their other films (remember 10 Downing Street from Winning London and visiting the Louvre from Passport to Paris), as well as providing good, clean fun for the entire family. <br /> <br /> As long as I still feel that I am in my soap box, and as long as I can make it relevant to the film, let me take a moment to challenge those who reject twins Olsen: To be a lover of twin Olsen, you should not be " Valley Girl "before the teens of California. In fact, this is not really the target audience. If so, the line of costumes and accessories from MK & A will be run through Gap or some such stores, not Wal-Mart. "When you're in Rome," while she has "high fashion" and the world's Golan and girls from a valley in Cali, she's not really about ... It's more about inspiring young girls who have an initiative to let them take places. If this means putting the film in a bright foreign city with cute young people on motorcycles, let it be. This is called marketing - you take an idea and sell it by making it attractive. At least they send a good message, even if the means seem a little superficial. <br /> <br /> Basically, do not knock the movie until you see it, and then do not knock it until you try to understand what Olsen twins do: They encourage young girls to be creative, intuitive, and young. This film does it, I think, just like others. Kids - Enjoy. Parents - do the same thing. If you love Olsen twins, you will not be disappointed.
