This carefully designed and carefully designed documentary presents the horrific situation of the people of the Chagos Islands, showing that, between 1969 and 1971, they were forcibly deported from their homeland by collusion between the British and American governments. Anglo-American policymakers chose to act because they thought the islands would be vital strategic bases for controlling the Indian Ocean by dropping air and naval power. At a time during the Cold War, when most newly independent post-colonial states were moving away from the Western orbit, British and American officials seemed to feel that allowing islanders to determine the fate of the islands was not a viable option. Instead, they chose the wholesale forced influence of indigenous people. The film shows that no provision was made to the islanders at the time of their expulsion, and that from the seaport in Mauritius where they were left, the displaced Chagosian community fell in three decades of deprivation, and in these new, nostalgic conditions they experienced rapid death rates Significantly. <br /> <br /> After more than three decades, in recent months (and years), following the issuance of many papers completely inflamed by the British Public Records Office (one is suspected of an error and was not supposed to be published These papers have been made public), the resulting legal challenges have been experienced by the Chagosian community in exile British courts are constantly finding favor of the inhabitants of the island and against the British state. As such, the astounding and disturbing conclusions reached in the film can only be reasonably seen. However, the Governments of Great Britain and the United States have not yet undertaken to return the islands to the final conclusion of the courts by the legal population. It's a movie worth watching for anyone, but it's an important film that Britons and Americans should watch. The silence in the face of these facts is to be complicit in a very heinous crime.
