The fight against the death penalty is a just cause. Every sane person in Europe will think so. In the United States, everything is different. It seems that the film shows in the first stage that justice can be achieved against the racist and racist death penalty that longs for American justice. A young man on death row is released thanks to a professor of law who has returned to defense counsel in this particular case. But the film has a sequel. Justice in the United States is fully governed by the aim of revenge. Abortion of justice is the same as revenge. One person in the local prosecutor's office has a young man tried on false charges. The prosecutor drops the charges after a while and the young man walks freely. But he loses his university scholarship and is discounted by some vengeful people who have no smoke without fire. He hides his shame and divides to get his revenge. But he also needs to meet his more rational sexual needs of the hormone certainly but more because mental and no longer hormonal and can do so with young girls only. He seems to be collaborating with another serial killer of the same type of prey. One day the local police follow their intuition, guided by some mysterious circumstantial elements in the assassination of a young girl, and arrest the young man we are talking about. They beat him and interrogated him for 22 hours with nothing but blows, blows, phone books, Russian guns and roulette. Recognizes. After his execution, his grandmother is asked to go to get a law professor in Massachusetts, a pair of local attorney general who falsely tried him a few years ago and vengeance on bars. Will fail but show that as soon as one in the line of justice and the police and other security forces pass the line of absolute legitimacy, some unjust actions are done that can destroy even the best accusation case and can feed the worst thirst for the most imaginable revenge. Charging someone about circumstantial elements is just as bad as allowing circumstantial elements to destroy police or justice. The best intentions on the police side are destroyed through some personal involvement and retaliation, just as anyone's life can be endangered by circumstantial elements of the size of evidence, which in turn will threaten the whole situation just circumstantial and thus easily disposed of with a good lawyer. The film then is a profound reflection on the need to respect the standards and regulations along the police line and justice if we do not want to commit a mistake, which in turn does not justify the death penalty of course because it contravenes in any case the deepest faith Americans are supposed to have: "We consider these facts to be self-evident , That all people have been created equal, and that their creator has been endowed with certain inalienable rights, including life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness. " (Declaration of Independence) Life is an inalienable right given to him by his Creator, which means that no one else can take it. God alone can kill someone's life. The death penalty is the arrogant seizure of power we do not have. Even if we do not evoke God, we can only justify the death penalty as retaliation, and here the film shows that revenge is the worst possible motive for justice and for the establishment of public peace. If revenge is pushed aside, there is no further justification for this death penalty. There can always be a mistake in this quest not for happiness but for revenge. <br /> <br /> Dr. Jacques Colardieu, University of Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne, University of Paris 8 St. Denis, University of Paris 12 Crete, CEGID
