Attractive excitement !! , 10 December 2005 Author: littlehammer16787 From United States <br /> <br /> Just Cause <br /> <br /> Starring: Sean Connery, Lawrence Fishburne and Blair Underwood. <br /> <br /> Liberal liberal liberal law professor Paul Armstrong, despite the good faith heart of Harvard University, was summoned to Floridia Everglades by the black man convicted unjustly Bobby Earl. The heinous murder of an eleven-year-old girl. As he goes deeper into the mystery, he realizes that Bobby Earl is a victim of discrimination. The black police detective Lt. Tanny Brown of the small society is corrupt and mean evil. When the infamous and sinister assassin Blair Sullivan is presented. He discovers that he knows the location of the murder weapon that killed the young girl. When Armstrong finds that there is a clear coincidence of the wild Sullivan journey through the small town and the message he personally wrote. Bobby Earl gets a retrial. He is not restricted from prison and evades his terrible punishment. Everything seems to be fine until the focus is on an unexpected phone call from serial killer Sullivan. Armstrong discovers a terrible double murder that happens to be Sullivan's parents. Who hates it strongly. Sullivan reveals Armstrong the fact of the heinous murder of Jojani Shriver and why he was brought here. Bobby Earl turned out to be a mentally ill murderer and raped and killed Joanie Schreifer. It's just a deal with evil psychologist Sullivan. To get rid of death so he could kill again for revenge. Daughter of Armstrong's beautiful wife and daughter. Sullivan was executed until his death. A man from Armstrong and his hard friend Brown hunted the evil villain to Everglades to frustrate him. When they arrive, Armstrong knows that psychologist Bobby Earl plans to kill his wife and daughter in a previous rape trial that made him suffer painful pain. I stabbed and ate by cruel crocodiles and ate for the man. Paul Armstrong, Tani Brown, his wife and daughter live and live happily ever after. Good excitement succeeds. Provide you with both mystery and deception. How are blacks being harassed by racist law men? They are subject to unfair sanctions. Even though sometimes innocent black men are guilty of wrongdoing they may be the wicked. Sean Connery is as great as the obscure, holiest of you hero. Lawrence Fishburne is amazingly watchably as a mediator, arrogant, but a good guy cop. Underwood and Harris are out of the top and feeling like psychologists. The cafto was fine. Robbie De is as wonderful as stubborn grandma. The rest of the cast is also wonderful.
