This is the fifth von Trier film I've seen. I think it's the only way I've given a high score in all his films. Four of them, "Crime Element", "Europe", "Break the Waves" and "The Dancer in the Dark", we were given 10, one, "idiots", we were given 9 (and I re-considered whether I would give it 10 since I first saw it , Although I would like to see him again before I do). He was refined because he described himself as one of the best directors working. I tend to agree with him. I can not blame him for being arrogant when he made such wonderful films. In 50 years, when he retires von Trier, he will be seen as a prominent filmmaker from Europe (perhaps from the planet), and there will be lessons taught in his name. It is simply Bergman or Fellini in our time. It is very bad that critics are very curious to notice. <br /> <br /> Around Europe itself, I will admit that it was confusing and that its story was not strong. I think that's the point. It is clear that this film was a nightmare, or a subconscious at some level. This is quite clear from the framing of the film: Max von Siddo's novel. We are hypnotized, hypnotized or von Trier, this is our subconscious mind. I tend to lean more towards his mind, because the deterioration of Europe interests me, American, very few. This framework is also clear if you have seen Element of Crime, a brighter film than this (although I doubt it; what I need more than anything else is an appropriate version on the DVD, hopefully the standard is back , With a theatrical show again the aspect ratio, sound and image reshaped; then, I'm pretty sure, this movie looks great like any of the other von Trier movies). In The Element of Crime, the film begins with a magnetic hypnotism, which we are actually seeing on screen this time. It is hypnotized by Fischer, a European investigator who wants to reach the roots of his mental pain. The first words in this film are "Fantasy is fine, but my job is to keep you on track." Whenever Fisher, the narrator, skips the hypnotist and tells him to go back to the story. Even laughing when a silly line personality is given and really vulgar. Something like "Do you understand the difference between good and evil?" Laughing hypnotist laughs and says: "Now, Fischer, did not say so really, did you do?" <br /> <br /> So the key to interpreting Europe, which is almost a complement of some kind to the element of crime, is that we are deep into our subconscious / iPhone Trier, and the symbols there must be interpreted within ourselves and are likely to be different for all. What does the train itself symbolize? Consider it internally, and then only discuss it externally. Europa is a wonderful film, masterpiece. I never felt so bored, although I saw him at 3am. The perfect time to watch, in fact, because it works in dream logic.
