Story: Max von Siddo's voice story The hero (and the audience) grew up in 1945 when our protagonist, Edmund Kessler, the young American world champion, arrived in Germany in the post-World War II period of 1945 to help rebuild the affected country. Uncle Kessler (Ernst-Hugo Jarigard) supplies Leopold with a job at the large Zentropa train company, but Leopold soon falls in love with Katrina Hartmann (Barbara Sokwa), the daughter of Zentropa, owner of Max Hartmann (Jürgen Reinberg). Leopold soon finds himself stuck in a network of corruption, exploiting it, losing his ideology, and being forced to choose between pests or cholera. <br /> <br /> Mysterious, enchanting, manipulative, annoying, annoying, beautiful, and ugly. These are some of the momentous, immediate descriptions that come to mind when you think of the 1991 European masterpiece of Lars von Trier; the last chapter of the European trilogy. In the United States, Zentropa has been renamed so as not to confuse the audience with Agnieszka Holland's EUROPA EUROPA since 1990 (on par with World War II drama). The European trio is also made up of FORBRYDELSENS ELEMENT from 1984 and EPIDEMIC from 1987 (the infamous experiment that sold only 900 tickets in Danish cinemas). The triad deals objectively with hypnosis and loss of idealism, although these trilogy subjects are not as necessary as visual images. In Europea's opening shot, we see a locomotive moving toward us as the anonymous narrator tells us literally: "In the ten mindset, you will be in Europe. A metaphor for the ability of films to convey us to the reality of a conscious dream. <br /> <br /> EUROPA uses a strange but very effective visual technique - says the famous Russian director Andrei Tarkovsky is the main influence of Trier. It is a black and white film sometimes overlapping with red in the form of blood, red dress, etc. According to rumors, this inspired Steven Spielberg to use the similar effect on the SHINDLER'S LIST from 1993 (another dramatic drama in World War II). Moreover, Trier uses the so-called Dutch Angels and reinvents the background display by adding layers that collaborate separately on layers, but unlike old Hollywood movies that have been incorporated for economic reasons, Trier uses them for technical reasons. These visible and executed techniques emphasize that we are in reality a dream, we are hypnotized; the universe of Europe is not real! EUROPA is often criticized for its weight on advanced technique (such as multi-layered rear projection) over the plot and characters, but this is what Critics criticized Stanley Kubrick's visual masterpieces of 1968 2001: A SPACE ODYSSEY - It currently occupies a mandatory place in all history books Cinema. <br /> <br /> EUROPA is also accused of historical error. Trier seems to give the Nazi group "terrorist wolf" a lot of historical importance. According to multiple online sources, this is true (great theme - try Googl'ing yourself!), But the purposes of Trier are not an educational history or a precise portrayal. Europe is a nightmare that never ends. Leopold Kessler hypnotized, so the universe facing the public is a distorted reality. Similarly, it illustrates how our memory deceives us - a 100% accurate reconstruction is a lie! Although the young people who experience EUROPA are smaller than they have memories of World War II, we have a collective memory of many of the BBC's documentaries, so these small mistakes serve a real purpose: they tell us that we are not in Germany Post-World War II 1945, but in the memory of Leopold's memory of it. <br /> <br /> The tripartite European tripartite trio of young ideologues depicts noble intentions forced on corruption and the loss of their ideological innocence. The mysterious endings of FORBRYDELSENS ELEMENT and EUROPA show that ideologues share forever in their hypnotic reality. Before, during and after the shooting of EUROPA in 1990 in Poland, Lars von Trier and co-writer Niels Forsel were very interested in World War II. This shows. It is packed with very beautiful shots capturing the ambience from a period of time instantly. A remarkable example of this is the old Polish Church (EUROPA was filmed in Poland primarily for economic reasons) in the last chapter of EUROPA. As with 2001: SPACE ODYSSEY, I think that EUROPA will get a really deserved place in the history of cinema. Her style of reconciling old cliches, visuals, and exotic love techniques is unique, exotic, and completely different from anything you'll see from Hollywood these days or any other dream maker for that matter. <br /> <br /> EUROPA is a staple film in the Lars von Trier catalog. Some would dismiss it as purely commercial speculation, but that would be catastrophic. It is fully present with the classics of Trier and other semi-classicists such as FORBRYDELSENS ELEMENT of 1984, the TV series RIGET of 1993 and DOGVILLE from 2003. It is a unique experience by Trier interested in its representatives, before the Dogme95 statement. See this! "At the expense of ten ..." 9/10
