I did not know very well the time in the history that was filmed in this Brazilian black comedy in 1971, but that does not mean I did not have it because the film illustrates it perfectly. He was appointed in Brazil in the sixteenth century, where French and Portuguese settlers take advantage of the Confederate people in their battle to assert hegemony. What is particularly interesting about the film is that it is made by the Portuguese from the French point of view. The hero is a French beloved, the Portuguese are barbarians, and the rest of the French are apocalyptic and greedy. The Portuguese filmmakers are objective because when everything is said and implemented, we see that there is no difference between his team. It is about genetics that the environment has overcome at a time when the tribes are starkly determined. Enemies make and perpetuate, and as such, environmental integration never progresses. <br /> <br /> A Frenchman is then captured by the Portuguese and then captured by an indigenous tribe, Tupinambas, after slaughtering a group of Portuguese. Shaman predicted the tribe would find a strong Portuguese man to dismantle him in retaliation for the brother of the commander who was killed by the ball of Portugeuse. French thinking is Portuguese, they think they now have one. However, the French are granted an unrestricted cycle of the village, the wife is given sooner or later, presumably her usual appearance instead of his western clothes, or any clothes. Another Frenchman comes to the village and tells the tribe that their prisoner is already Portuguese and then confirms to the angry French that he will tell them the truth when the French finds a secret treasure that another European has hidden nearby. <br /> <br /> I found the opening scene funny, because his narration with his contradictions on the screen is a great satire, even if the film does not seem to want to keep that tone a lot. It's actually not a terrible installation film. The abundant and necessary language, the ferocious way of life and the mature woman do not only make the French forget any threat, and we feel like a free man. It should not be too difficult to escape. Cannibalism is the scarcity of desire such as full nudity of the front, instead suggested as the representative essence of the political cartoons dry Pereira dos Santos of the new world myths and unfocused social cohesion. In any case, this social commentary dating back to the fifteenth century, which was filmed at a location on the Bay of 365 islands, played almost entirely fully and written entirely in Tupi, promotes the effective collapse of the established and objective ways as it has repeated itself for centuries.
