After the story of the love triangle in Har Dil Jo Pyaar Karega, these three stars were again selected in this controversial click. The film could have been considered successful if there was no debate about the production values ​​of Bharat Shah. Here the director duo Abbas-Mustan made a very different and unique work compared to their previous projects and after the director. They are considered the thrill makers of Bollywood. But they have proved in CCCC that they are capable of dealing with a romantic family drama. There is hardly a single movement scene when Bertie was raped by Salman's colleague in her apartment, Salman slapped him. <br /> <br /> The movie contains almost all the standards and components like song, story, casting, presentations, etc. They are required to make the movie hit. But, of course, for Salman's fans, this was something surprising. why? Because for a long time he was playing roles where he had a scene to show his open body and dance la la la everywhere. His role as a rich young businessman has a meaningless nature and a truly impressive natural attitude. After all in Madhubala, the role of the prostitute played by Britti is stunning. Later when she turns to deep thinking about her life, she deserves proper attention. Her facial expressions and body language became more attractive, and the focus was mainly on her. Her former role as a pregnant woman in Kia was not as influential as he was here. Of course, this can be called improvement. Then Priya, Raj's innocent and very vulnerable wife who relies on him only to get a better result. It has no strong influence in the story as the main ingredients in the hands of Preity. <br /> <br /> Finally, the main point of the story is something rare and unique in itself. In the real world of this age, it is not impossible to make such a move to search for an alternative mother. Perhaps, much happens in this great world where it is kept secret. In this way, the CCCC scriptwriter revealed a hidden truth that occurs in the everyday lives of others. But still is a doubt.
