CCCC is the first good film in Bollywood for 2001. When I saw the video for the first film I thought it would be a beautiful family film. You're right. Salman Khan is the most powerful performer ever. My family was not very keen on it but after watching this movie, my family was impressed with it strongly. Rani and Britti are wonderful. The film will be a great success because of the three main stars. <br /> <br /> It's about meeting Raj (Salman Khan) and Priya and falling in love. They get married and go to Switzerland for their honeymoon. When they return Raj and Priya discover that Priya is pregnant. The Raj family is full of joy when they discover Dada Raj (Ameresh Puri). Raj and his family play cricket someday, and Priya faces an accident leading to a wild abortion. Raj has a very close friend of the family who is a doctor, Balraj Chopra (Prem Chopra). Raj and Priya are told they can no longer have children. Raj and Priya keep this quiet from the family. Raj and Priya decide to go to bed. Alternatives are that they will find a girl and Raj and that the girl will have a child together and then the child to Raj and Priya. Raj finds a girl. Her name is Madhopala (Preity Zinta). She is a dancer and a prostitute. Raj told her the situation and bribed her with money and agreed. Raj changes Madhubala completley. Raj says he found a girl. Madabala and Beria meet and become friends. They go to Switzerland to do it so no one discovers it. Priya spends the night in the church and Raj and Madhubala are the only ones and spend the night together. The doctor confirms that Madbala is pregnant and that they are all happy. Raj told his family that Priya was pregnant. They're happy again. Madbala comes in love with Raj and wants him. what happened after that? Watch CCCC to find out. <br /> <br /> The only thing I did not like about the film was their idea of ​​the alternative mother. They should have done it the right way in the film, but that did not spoil the film. They were still excellent. <br /> <br /> The movie's songs are wonderful. My favorite favorite is "Chori Chori Chupke Chupke", Dekhne Walon Ne, "Deewana Hai Yeh Mann" and "Mehndi". The song "Qiran site" is rich in color. The movie is worth 10/10!
