The famous and highly influential film director Martin Scorsese is looking for a selection of his favorite American films based on three different types of directors: Director Camille: W. Griffith or F. And. Mornau, who invented new editing styles among other changes, made the appearance of sound and color a step further; the director as an escapeist; filmmakers such as Douglas Cirque, Samuel Fuller, mostly Vincent Menelli, directors who used to hide rebellious messages in their films; Filmmakers who attack civil observations and social networks such as Orson Welles, Eric von Stroheim, Charles Chaplin, Nicholas Ray, Stanley Kubrick, and Arthur Ben. <br /> <br /> He explains how Hollywood's old studio system, though repressive, was the way filmmakers themselves found themselves moving in the middle because of their association with political and financial constraints. In his section of films, we not only discover films that we have not seen before and that interest us, but we are also committed to seeing what he sees. He assessed his stylistic feelings along with the sequence managers themselves. <br /> <br /> The idea of ​​a canons movie has been known to be cocky, so some filmgoers and critics just prefer to make "lists." However, the canon only shows the "best", and supporters of the canonical film claim that it is the activity values ​​to identify and compile a selection of "best" films, much like the greatest recording tape, if it is just a beginning trend for film students. All in all, the experience of the person has shown that all the writing about the film, including reviews, is working on building a film canon. Some Canons can be certainly elitist movies, but others can be "populist". For example, the list of the top 250 movies for the online movie database includes many of the films featured in many "elitist" movie genres, but also includes modern Hollywood films that make use of many "elitist" films, Knight, who is currently in the top 10 among the first two Godfather films, Schindler's List and One Fly Over the Cuckoo's Nest, and similar productions, such as Iron Man, Sin City, Die Hard, The Terminator and Kill Bill: Vol. 2. The taxi driver of Scorsese Paul Schroeder directly referred to his legislation as "elitist" and confirms that this is positive. <br /> <br /> Scorsese is never at all clear about his social and political ideologies, but when we look at this intense and recognized historical lesson about the birth and growth of American cinema in both ideological domains, we see that there is, in fact, no particular virtue In the elite or populism. Eliteism focuses all attention, recognition, and therefore power on those who are considered wonderful. This distinction can easily lead to self-immersion in the context of the harmonious work of Luc Goudar or overtaking the production practices of filmmaker Michael Hannick. Nevertheless, populism conjures up a belief in representative freedom as an affirmation of the will of the people. As has been emphasized before the overall misconceptions that people have about cinema, populism can be the end of the potential power of cinema and its impact. One can only continue to watch films, because they are a vital social and metaphysical practice. This is what Martin Scorsese spends nearly four hours here trying to tell us, something that can not be told without seeing it directly.
