When the British Film Institute of Martin Scorsese asked for the creation of the American part of the Cinema Century series, he took the opportunity with both hands. "A Personal Journey Through American Films" is a fantastic and wide-ranging game, and as the title says, a very personal look at Hollywood Cinema. <br /> <br /> Scorsese's story relates primarily to Hollywood directors ?? Actors, producers, screenwriters and other collaborators hardly get mentioned. He has stated from the beginning that the fundamental struggle in the film industry for him is between the director's vision and the profit motive of the distributor, between art and commercial feasibility. He even opens a section from The Bad and the Beautiful Vincent Minelli, one of the first films to explore this contradiction publicly. This dictates the structure of the documentary film. Scorsese is looking at how species become darker and the cliches challenge, how the Mavericks challenged the symbol of production, and how some filmmakers fell out of grace when they dared to be different. Scorcese, however, never falls into the trap of authors who are always pleased with their masters in the studio (he praises Cecil B. De Mille), or those with less known style but who were prominent artists in the cinema. <br /> <br /> Scorcese does not necessarily focus on its absolute favorite directors (either Orson Welles and Alfred Hitchcock, two of Scorcese's greatest influences, are transposed). Instead, he looks at individuals and films that are working on his story. For example, he shows us a series of John Ford films to illustrate how the West evolved. He looks at the work of Vincent Menelli (probably the most likely reference to the documentary) to show how a species supposedly healthy as music can also have dark currents. I can imagine that if it were not for America, Scorsese would also like to talk, for example his Italian influences or his British hero, Michael Powell. As it is, it extends the definition of American films to include Hollywood films by immigrant directors such as FW Murnau, Billy Wilder and Douglas Sirk, as well as the work of US-born directors produced elsewhere? Like the story of Stanley Kubrick. <br /> <br /> Rather than simply recounting the Hollywood story in time, Scorsese compares films from different eras to different themes. In his section on language and filmmaking, DW Griffith begins with the appearance of sound, color and widescreen and inevitably ends up tracking the effects of the computer. Although Scorcese is not keen on it, it has been sufficiently delivered to include George Lucas and Francis Ford Coppola Defend them. However, he does not end the chapter here as if this were the end. Instead, he went back to the 1940s to show how low-budget horror like The Cat People can deliver effective results from the simplest and cheapest. <br /> <br /> A personal journey through American films is one of the best documentary films ever made. There were a number of prominent directors and images that I would never have discovered, and even most experienced film buffs are likely to find something new in its broad scope. Scorcese restored balance to forgotten or undervalued images. I was pleased to see that when he talks about Kubrick in his chapter "Iconoclasts," Lolita and Barry Lindon are considered to me his most appreciated film. Scorcese's respect for the moderator is displayed in a way that allows the sections to be played fully, rather than just giving us very small parts, and interrupting them with talk heads (a combination of archive and new interviews) only when necessary. There is some bias towards the 1940s and 1950s, but this is not surprising because it was the age when Scorsese grew up and discovered cinema. After all, I do not think this documentary would have been possible had it not been a personal journey. <br /> <br /> Although a single word of warning, in its profound view of certain images, contains a small number of fair spoilers in this documentary.
