The interesting aspect of the "trainee" is that it shows that the traditional job interview and resume does not necessarily predict the skills of teamwork, dedication to tasks and job performance. They certainly do not reveal any hidden agendas. In other words, a good indicator of potentiality may be the applicant's view of the job, which represents the "trainee". People competing for a mall may compete for a sugar-coated biography and put their best characters in the interview, but this is not necessarily the best indicator of strengths, weaknesses, and performance. <br /> <br /> "Apprentice" includes 16 candidates for the job vying for the maximum career opportunity: a position in the property investment company Donald Trump. The "trainee" refers to the winner who will win a salary position, learns the art of high-risk deals from the master himself, and is supposed to win the links of the main companies. This attitude is a dream come true for those who wish to earn more money than the GNP of some foreign countries. To tempt the candidates, Trump presents his own plane and luxury apartment full of statues and works of art, his cars, his relations with celebrities, and other aspects of the billionaire's life. <br /> <br /> The road to success is not easy. The group is divided into two teams competing against each other. Each has its own company name, such as Versacorps and Protégé Corporation. Teams are assigned tasks that require a pilot project such as advertising creation, sale of goods or negotiation. The teams choose a project manager who provides leadership and organizational skills to complete the task. If they win, the manager gets a lot of credit, especially in the final judgment. If they lose, the manager may also become Goat Goat. Some tasks are tricky with only a day or two. Tasks may include creating a TV ad or print ad. Others may include selling at a retail store or on the street. <br /> <br /> Highlighting the best and worst of the participants. They often appear instantly who is most reliable and who is the most reliable and who works hard. The tasks also reveal about who is not a good player in the team, incompetent, obviously out of himself. Tasks always reveal in unexpected ways the strengths and weaknesses of the participants, especially the project manager. The extent to which the manager communicates with the team, the work of delegates, the organization of time, and the setting of specific goals will determine the outcome to a large extent, but does not necessarily predict the winner. <br /> <br /> The most unique aspect of a person's potential is when he is appointed project manager. Their real abilities, unlike their own abilities, are immediately spread through the shell, which can not be hidden in a $ 100 silk wrap or a beautiful shift. Often the qualities of leadership and / or weaknesses become painfully obvious in just a few minutes. Those who promote themselves as first-class leaders do not always have the same power when placed in a realistic leadership position. It is always easier to "hear your horn" than to actually engage in leadership. Project managers, even those who belong to winning teams, often do not develop a coherent strategy. They often think that by diving in the end to complete the task in the first minute instead of spending time organizing and discussing how to accomplish the task will be more efficient. More often than not, members of a non-strategic team like the headless chickens they envision are on their way, eventually wasting much more time. <br /> <br /> The winning team tasted high life, such as dine at a private restaurant, fly on a private jet, and / or interview a celebrity. The losing team comes to the terrible board room where Trump hears the lame members' excuses and expels one or more of the contestants, such as cutting the chessboard with the notorious "You are the Fugitive" now. Often, the project manager bears partial responsibility for the loss of the team, and may be the target of Trump's indictment. Each week, at least one person becomes a victim of the losing team. <br /> <br /> My least favorite feature in "The Apprentice" is the board room. While the same tasks highlight the strengths and weaknesses of the candidates, the Council Chamber often highlights the worst. Unfortunately, the rules of the game insist that there is a winning team and one losing team, even if the competition is close. The losers begin to accuse each other, often ruthlessly, of who was wrong. Sometimes, more than one person is shot. I rarely see a weak candidate taking responsibility for his actions in the Council Chamber. Perhaps Christie Frank and Kwame Jackson were the only candidates who took full responsibility for her team's losses and did not receive any recognition of this selfless act. For me, Christie Frank and Camille Jackson were the most honest among the candidates. However, Trump felt Christy weak and fired, claiming that she was not defending herself, which may mean that he appreciates the ego more than integrity. No one should sacrifice their safety for this. Perhaps Christie Frank has not become a trainee, but she can live with herself knowing that she has not unfairly blamed others. Is not this worth the "win"? <br /> <br /> The strength of the "trainee" is also his weakness. Because the performance of the team is accurately evaluated by winners and losers, other evaluation opportunities are overlooked. With the exception of the huge gaps between the winners and losers, the losing team sometimes represents a high level of teamwork and efficiency. I've seen that losing teams sometimes look better organized than the winning team. We Americans are so obsessed with winning and losing that we often overlook excellence
