In this pool, this pool, there are water lilies and there are frogs. The frogs sit on the water lilies. The frog and water lily have a parasitic relationship. Marie (Pauline Aquart) is a watery lily, a synchronized pool group with a crush on Florin (Adele Hanel), a frog, captain of her team. Florin's teammates avoid their leader because the well-coordinated, well-coordinated blonde moves a loose personality that betrays the mentality of a swimmer who is in harmony and discipline. But Florin has a secret. The bomb contains a bomb, unveiled by the "Naissance des pieuvres" to the audience, visually, before she trusts Marie. <br /> <br /> Never, as they say, Floraine never goes with a boy. <br /> <br /> At a party, we see a double image of the booming sexual bomb as it examines its composition in the bathroom mirror. "Lolita" is Morgan Vata. Mary knows the weakness of Florin while her tradition breaks the heart of the water lily. While the frog is in the process of catching flies for appearance, it feeds on water lilies when no one is looking. In the most surprising scene in the film, the water lily agrees to give the frog her hand to lose her virginity through mechanical movement by mouth. Florin wants boys to like her, but she does not like boys, but the most important thing for a frog is that she is popular. When you kiss the water lily at the end of the frog, the frog remains a frog. The frog can not turn into a watery lily, or a princess, because the lost water lily respect the frog. After opening their lips, she tells Florienne Marie, "Look, it's easy." The frog's way of equalizing the ecstasy kiss her friend gave her was nothing more than a rite of passage without restrictions. Florin's beauty is a burden. It carries the weight of meeting the boy's expectations. Florence Marie is used to lag behind the final before Fatika Morgana finishes her tradition in the closet. <br /> <br /> The other water lily, the other frog, Mary Ann's best friend (Louise Blacher) and Florin's favorite boy Francois (Warren Jacobs), just like any water lily and frog, also have a parasitic relationship. While Floraine uses Mary for love, Francois Anne uses sex. But this is life; this is the betrayal of young people, where a friend runs a good friend if the opportunity to move the food chain offers itself. In McDonald's, the water lily is punished by the other water lily after bathing widely in the glow of the frog. The physical beauty is the currency. Mary gets the shots because Anne, although far from being ugly, is overweight and has a wonderful hairstyle. Ann tries to resist by using her breasts as a vengeful response (the magnifying glass from Happy Mile and hanging on the flat Mary box), but the tadpole (Mary thinks she's better than Anne, better than the water lily) suggests that her breasts are a by-product of fat. <br /> <br /> Teenage girls and grooms can be each other. <br /> <br /> Later, in the last shot, "Naissance des pieuvres" indicates that Mary also has a weakness, and that the coexistence of water lilies has the potential to convert the parasite in the near future if it does not already exist. Teenage girls can be equal to each other in a way that no teenager can match.
