Water Lilies is the first film from France that has been well prepared for sex and young women. Sciamma works with specialized and slightly sterile materials that prevent some people from their attractiveness. The film focuses exclusively on three middle-class teenage girls in one of New Paris's chic suburbs. Their lives revolve around a large indoor swimming pool, where two of the three are part of a synchronous water ballet team. <br /> <br /> These interesting things like parents, siblings, work and school are excluded from the equation. The central sensation belongs to Mary the slim-headed (Pauline Aquart), who is not part of the team, but believes she would like to be. Mary adores Florian (Adele Hennell), an attractive and distinct blond for the team after the boys. This takes Mary away from her best ex-girlfriend, who is also a member of the water ballet team, Anne (Louise Blacher). Being the least private that is accessible to children. Florian, like this film, is a bit more then really offering. Mary has a more important quality for a teenager: she suffers from the inside. Do not suffer Flroiane much like jumping in positions and then screw. <br /> <br /> Mary is dazzled by the glamor of water ballet as well as Florian. Florian takes advantage of this to make Mary her first slave and cover for her duties, then, lacking any other friends, her close friend. All the other girls believe that Florian was a slut, and they are encouraged by the men and boys she raises because he leads them. She suffers from the fate of the beautiful girl that she is not a person but an entity, and can not resist the verification of the health given to the children by the desire to kiss and grow, but does not really care about any of them and know. Involvement with them is a trap. Mary recruited to act as her friend so her mother (not visible) did not know that she would meet the boys, she also gets Mary to save her from the boys later. It seemed the opposite at first, but Florian needs Mary as much as Mary thinks she needs. She left Ann with her dissatisfaction with her body and her desire to have a more beautiful and more realistic place than the other girls. <br /> <br /> To maintain all the external context in the Gulf, Sciamma can highlight the subtle shifts in the exact equation of the three girls' goals and interactions. On the other hand, the water craze in the film, which includes lots of bathing and spitting as well as underwater swimming shots, makes it feel quite vibrating at times, and does not pass some 95 minutes very quickly. Fortunately, the film enjoys a sense of humor and allows the trio sometimes to forget his goals and always avoid and do things silly silly girl. It is the odd moments that give life to the film. Too bad in a way where there are no more. But Sciamma has the courage of her obsessions and what remains when one walks outside the stage is the characters and their dynamics. Along the way, it's good to watch the swim and look at the girls who love to look at themselves conceptually. <br /> <br /> There's no big revelation or drama on the road, but things get a little more interesting when it turns out that Mary is not only impressed but wants to do Florian and is jealous of her friends - who Florian always wishes to stop before Go all the way. In a typical paradox of this kind of plot, Florian decides in fact that she wants to practice her first real sex with Mary - but Mary is preventing her, because she knows it will be of no importance to Florian in that she will have her. When that happens, it's a mechanical shy issue. At the same time, Ann has a big crush on Francois (Warren Jacqueline), a male swimmer, but of course Florian. Boys are not an element thrown up, and there seem to be always several dozen ready at the pool or in the dance floor, but they are just bodies and faces, studs are available.
