The importance of the French title for this film, La Naissance des Pieuvres, which literally means "the birth of octopuses", is somewhat ambiguous, so it may not be surprising to be marketed in English-speaking countries as "Water Lilies." "Lilies" The English title is three teenage girls, Mary, Anne and Florian, who are members of a synchronous ensemble based in the suburbs of Paris. The film is an upcoming drama about the development of their first sexual feelings. <br /> <br /> One feature of the film, For a film of this kind, is that it focuses exclusively on the relationships between the young themselves, we do not see anything from their parents or teachers, and we do not see anything The three young girls are very different in appearance and are depicted as very different in character: the shy, retired, small and small Mary seems to be the youngest of the three .An ordinary Jane thing, a bright blonde Florentine is very popular with boys The three, along with a handsome male swimmer named François, share what can be described as love tetra. Anne has fallen in love with François, but he is fond of Florian, who seems to return his emotions, although he does not like the only male. In fact, not all of Florian's fans are male, because Mary feels a crush on her attractive girlfriend. In the beginning, Florian seems to use Mary simply as a convenient excuse when she actually meets the boys; her parents are supposed to object to her children who date, but have no objection to dating her friends. However, later, realize that although the image of Florian as an exciting and attractive girl is always the focus of men's attention, they actually share Mary's feelings. The film reflects some stereotypes about sexuality. Anne, with her short hair and thick personality, looks "butch", yet she is the only one of the three unambiguous personalities of the sexes, while Mary is more feminine than traditional and Florian is lesbian, or at least bisexual. <br /> <br /> Old movies are common enough, although most tend to avoid the controversial theme of teen lesbianism. However, "Water Lilies" deals with its theme in a sensitive way, with three very good performances from the three leading actresses: Pauline Acquart, Adele Haenel and Louise Blachere. Relations between personalities, especially the relationship between Mary and Florian, are complex and capable of a number of interpretations. (Does Florian, for example, simply use Mary to have sex, or does she already have romantic feelings for her? Could Florian's flamboyant behavior with François and other boys just be a tool to hide her homosexual feelings from the outside world? Or even this is the first film from Directed by the young director Celine Siama (only 27 years old at that time); on this basis, should be considered a very promising coming
