This is one Romp. Many admirers of Trek do not classify such classic episodes known throughout the ages because they lack the profound meaning or true meaning of those truly great events, but this port is good for what it is, and it is just as successful as pure entertainment, it always makes my personal list of The best half-ring, regardless of my mood. Many of the more famous Westwest movies and television programs ("Fantasy Island") have captured the premise of this episode (and then, of course, TNG has introduced a concept show with holodeck technology). It was beautifully filmed (especially visible in the restored version and on the DVD) and is in a beautiful location similar to the park of the planet the institution has reached. It is strange that there is no animal life, even insects, present here (how to pollinate flowers, for example), but things really look strange when party members start to see people from their past (Kirk has a heavy past for people, it turns out) Of other well-known fairy tales. Solo even found an old-fashioned gun (in addition to his collection of swords, no doubt). <br /> <br /> By this point in the Trek series (halfway through the first season), the main characters were largely entrenched with the old friends we had known over the past several years. Here, we see them really relaxing, talking and working together to find out the mystery of this episode: The powerful narrative is a new puzzle, of its kind, and the public is ready to ride while Kirk and his friends seek to discover a very strange series of events that certainly have an amusing flavor to them. It is almost eccentric, following the important method created in the spacecraft, where the Kirk maneuver was finally in the downward direction after the obvious signs of fatigue and fatigue (the institution had just completed an appalling task). Dr. McCoy was killed by horse-riding on horseback. Yes, this is the last episode of Dr. McCoy ... just joking. But this is not a joke for the rest of the landing party at this stage of the story. McCoy really died for all purposes and purposes, and like the best trek episodes, the second half of this adventure is more exciting and desperate than movement and thrill. All this shows Kirk's firm response to Solo, who expresses his lack of understanding of any of these events immediately after McCoy's death - Kirk will arrive down all this, what may happen. <br /> <br /> But it was not easier for Kirk: The following is probably the longest Mano fight for the series, while Kirk discusses with his opponent from the days of his academy, a conflict that seems to revolve around half the planet. However, this is matched by scenes of extraordinary tenderness, with the last acquaintance of the former Kirk. This episode runs a whole series of human experiences, and is appropriate in the light of what we have learned about the actual purpose of this strange planet. It is our pleasure that the script really explains everything that has happened, unlike some illogical approaches that permeate many other fantasy and science fiction sequences with similar plot lines (manifestations unknown by people who can not be there). There is in fact a subscript of the story - that we humans need to "work" out of tension and fatigue in a certain way, or that we do not act in a natural "normal" way. Also note the gentle Yeoman Barrows and the sudden absence of Yeoman Rand, which did not return to Trek I in 1979. I think that after this episode, more fans of Trek could not wait until the appearance of all their favorite characters appeared. But I leave this episode with a final, and perhaps puzzling, idea: if McCoy was killed (verified by Spock), how can we know that it was the real McCoy who returned to the ship? Perhaps this explains why McCoy was still inspecting championships a century later and in line with the data.
