Another episode of childhood, as an adult, I come back to it from a different perspective. This was one of my favorite childhood episodes, which really boosted my admiration for this show. However, when watching this episode after 20 years, I would say that it is certainly one of the lighter games that are played for laughter and entertainment, rather than dramatic story lines and well structured episodes in the previous season, the first and best season. . This episode may have been written for an R & R fan too! As Mr. Spock says, the story is not logical, but there are some interesting lines, like, of course, the last version of Mr. Spock in the end - when Captain, McCoy and others are asked whether they have R & D or not. They answer affirmatively, raising the eyebrow and saying "wonderful ..." just in the way that Mr. Spock can do it. An interesting story line, of course, is the notion that amusement parks are already amusing (rather than the often mischievous Disneyland "theme parks", for example) and the ability to truly fulfill one's wishes. Really, a great idea but not implemented well. Coming from Theodore Sturgeon, one of the SF short story writers who used it in the first season, one wonders how absurd the Sturgeon script is. <br /> <br /> Now, here's the little trivia I learned at this particular site: In 1987, James Gann created the Theodore Sturgeon Award for Best Short Science Fiction. I will quote the rest of this site: In 1968 {Sturgeon} wrote "The Joy Machine," a third scenario for the Star Trek TV series {Amok Time the other}, never filmed. The main reason for not using it in this series is to contain expensive special effects sequences that will be too much for their budget. The script, however, was adapted in a book by science fiction writer James Gann (Star Trek # 80, The Original Series) and published by Pocket Books in 1996. <br /> <br /> I would like to summarize this saying that this episode is still very enjoyable , Especially if one does not think much about it. Just laugh and enjoy and in the next episode we can go back to the dangerous things to protect the universe.
