Hollow Man begins as a brilliant but flawed scientist, Dr. Sebastian Caen (Kevin Bacon) finally working on how to make things visible again after becoming invisible by his serum. They are testing the serum on an already invisible gorilla, ideally functioning, Ken and his team are celebrating his assistant, but while he should report this achievement to his military supporters, Keane wants to be the first invisible person. He is able to convince his team to help him and the action works well and Caine becomes invisible, but when they try to bring him back the serum fails and remains invisible. The team is desperately looking for an antidote but nothing works, and Kane slowly begins to control the reality because he realizes his strength but is unable to use it in the trapped. But again, he is not visible right, he can do anything he wants ... <br /> <br /> Directed by Paul Verhof, I loved the man's hollow. You know that just after Christmas, I saw it a few hours ago on cable TV late at night / early in the morning, and worst of all I feel sick, not because of the movie but because of the chocolates and bubbly pop I had during the last week So I'll keep this brief one. Andrew Marlow's script has a good tempo but draws a bit in its middle and has a good central premise. It takes a fundamental idea that your being invisible will make you as crazy as in The Original Invisible Man (1933). He managed to get a successful combination of horror, science fiction and motion and provide good entertainment value for an odd 110 minutes. I thought the character was fine, I think some of the ideas in the film were good, although I think it is generally known that Verhoeven does not deal strictly, the first thing he has what Ken does is invisible is the sexual harassment of his team & then when he arrives To the outside world, Ken is raping a woman by justifying "who knows" Ken says to himself. Of course, there is a lot of wasting, it shows that it is a rat tear, and this is just an opening scene after appropriations, to be fair to him, the violence is a little bit more this time, but he still has a very bad and sad tone about it. . After I said I love horror movies / exploitation / exploitation until Holo Man delivers me, it may not be a cup of tea from everyone. <br /> <br /> The director Verhoeven does a great job, or should be the special effects the boys make him look good. The special effects at Hollow Man are truly amazing, impeccable and impeccable, they are wonderful and simple and straight forward. There are some sets of horror and good movement here as well, even if the climatic battle is slightly higher. I love the effect where Kevin Bacon disappears one layer at full time with the veins, organs and bones in full view or when the opposite happens with the gorilla. There are some great moments including rats being eaten, someone suffering from high altitude, and their head open with bloodthirsty results. <br /> <br /> With a staggering budget of about $ 95,000,000, there are no technical errors at all. I can imagine interviews on a DVD where some special effects boffin say they drew a whole bacon chart up to the last vein they actually did because you know that everyone who watches it will notice if one of the veins is missing or in the wrong position are they? He was acting well, making Bacon for a crazy man of a good anti-hero type. <br /> <br /> Hollow Man is one of the great big-budget Hollywood superstitions where the influences and movement take center stage in any kind of meaningful story or character but to be brutally honest we sometimes like all of this in a film, I know I am also. Good entertainment with a big budget with a darker and darker line than the usual Hollywood product, is definitely worth watching.
