It seems that a lot of IMDB comments on this film are biased, meaning they are trying to compare it to an older version. It is true that "HOLLOW MAN" is a new version of the "hidden man", but this is where the similarities end. "HOLLOW MAN" is an entertaining film, period. If you're watching a movie to find as many flaws as possible, do not watch movies in the first place. It's true that some movies are awesome and unbearable, but "HOLLOW MAN" lets you entertain and make you think about what to do if you're invisible, and if you've got your past status with a friend. Kevin Bacon plays the role of an eccentric scientist who, along with a team of collaborators, discovers a way to make animals invisible. His mission now is to make them visible again. When this group of young scientists (who, as you think, at the Pentagon) believe they have the formula to make animals visible again, Kevin Bacon volunteers are the first to try the new experimental drug. After that, of course, things get worse. Kevin Bacon remains invisible to the rest of the film, and is committed to wearing the latex mask, so his collaborators know his place. The feelings of paranoia and despair begin to take on Kevin's character, and when he discovers that his former girlfriend and collaborator (Elizabeth Shwe) are having an affair with another young scientist in the team, he finally settles. The film then turns into a mix of "ALIEN" and a slippery flick, but that does not mean it's a bad turn. There are fears and chills and the movie moves at a nice pace. Special effects are first class (quality is always prevalent in all Paul Verhoeven films) where we see some "re-composition" sequences that are unprecedented in a film before. If there is anything to complain about, perhaps, is the ability to predict positions here; by the first hour of the film, KNV Kevin Bacon will make a leap from being eccentric to being crazy in the end. The end is a bit surprising, but even so, the HOLLOW MAN is still worth seeing. If you want to know what a really bad movie is, you have to waste your money on "FEAR DOT COM" (with Steven Dorf) or worse (or "Sasquatsh", with Land Henriksen). Now this is "hollow"! 8 * out of 10 *!
