This is a pornographic film about nature. By porn, I do not mean sex. I mean unwarranted images of thousands of birds together, hundreds of wild animals, a huge waterfall or an iceberg. It seems that many of the footage in the film exists just to make its way into the trailer, to get people to the theaters to see it for ten seconds before disappearing not see it again for the rest of the film. <br /> <br /> There is almost no plot in this movie. Tell us to expect the story of three animal families, "better than the penguins' march," the film simply does not offer. Three main areas are blamed: (1) the writers who gave James Earl Jones some of his worst lines in the history of Nature, (2) the music team that filmed everything to tell you what to feel, even when the film fails Motivate, and finally, but most importantly, 3 editors who have the story move from place to place without rhyme or reason, continuity, flow, and life sucking from the entire film - a film about life. When we reached the whales in the middle of the film, I sank into my seat in awe, hoping that the film would have passed more than halfway, and that I would be able to survive the long endurance test with the animals on the screen. <br /> <br /> There was also almost no science in the film at all. They have returned the cold and the hot (all, not just the seasons) to Earth's tilt only, ignoring the fact that we will have extreme extremes from one location to another if there is no tendency because the columns will never warm. It would be worse if we did not have rotation (relative to the revolution) like Mercury, because half of the planet would be baked and the other half would freeze. Then near the end they used the phrase "humans and animals", as if humans were not animals, somehow exempt from the laws of nature. Lots for science. <br /> <br /> I have to credit the camera's work, again this is why I call this pornographic nature. Everything from super slow motion to what seems to be a mechanically controlled, accurate photography has been used to provide some of the amazing moments that "excite" some (and beware of, just) other nature movies. Having said that, I'm not convinced that everything was on the screen. Some of the footage showing the big irrigation hole in Africa, where it changed from one season to another, seemed to me like a CGI. One director might have expected such a suspicion and designed it in other footage to show it was normal, but they did not. <br /> <br /> For a movie about Earth, I was expecting so much land to be shown. What we saw was the firstborn. We had to take the narrator's word because some species were at risk because of climate change. They did not show us evidence of that. They did not show us Alberta poisonous pools visible from space. The Great Pacific Waste Boat did not show us. They did not show us a nightly image to pollute human light around the planet. This is the land as much as anything else. Why cover it up for bleaching? <br /> <br /> My last criticism of content is predation. At any time when a predatory animal appears on the screen to catch a prey, the music is almost transformed into the Mt Doom scene of the Lord of the Rings, where the predator was portrayed as a kind of absolute evil Sauron character. But predators are not evil. Do the necessary service, and ensure the survival of the best members of the prey species. We predators ourselves. At any time the predator hunts prey, we immediately search for something else, to think that death and eating do not really happen. The last insult was the polar bear "Father" who left to die after daring to try to eat. "Bad Bear! Bad!" , You can almost hear them say. <br /> <br /> in the presentation itself. The reason for this may be a look at the theatrical, but probably not. I was expecting to see something clearer than I'd seen on HDTV LCD TVs at home. But the picture was blurry, and it was presented with the same 16: 9 ratio that I could get at home, instead of the larger proportion that many movies come in these days. During a scene full of excitement near the end, the film (I can not imagine this happening digitally, from the look it looks like) is damaged, we lost many colors, and in the end it was completely blocked. Repeat it three times. <br /> <br /> If they've already planted a tree on my behalf, it would be worth it. But how do I know?
