The spoiler's warning is directed at those people who want to see for themselves what animals and landscapes are going through in front of their eyes, although I do not mention them in great detail. <br /> <br /> "Earth" is almost. A 90-minute film based on "Planet Earth" I saw on BBC television. David Attenborough, a suspenseful commentator, recounted the television version, which I had hoped would have done so too for "Earth" but Patrick Stewart, Starring Captain Picard's trip. The footage of the earth is regularly from space, so it may be appropriate. In any case he had a nice enough and quiet voice for it. There are 12 chapters in which we follow the life of animals on Earth from the Arctic to Antarctica. Three animal families, the polar bear, the elephant and the whale, appear in more than one part of these parts. Each "chapter" begins with a reference to a range away from the North Pole or Equator. We see nothing of all kinds of animals, but only mammals and birds, some fish, some beautiful stills of plants, mountains, waterfalls, deserts and forests, a perfect approximation of a variety of life, landscapes and climate on earth. You have the impression that our planet is inhabited only by animals: people, villages or cities are not in the film, so it is a natural documentary, but it is spectacularly portrayed and accompanied by exhilarating music. When the film opened, I knew it would end up very long. It's a family movie, so no brutal killings of any animals. When someone is caught by a hunter, the shot ends. In other cases, where the prey is caught, it is released with slow movement, making it less violent and watching for young children (the minimum age of 6 years in the Netherlands). Do not shed blood. Some scenes (newly born animals) are really cute and the kids will love them. It looks like a normal natural film, but when you know how many days it takes (4000) and how much money it costs, it becomes a more beautiful piece of beauty. The premiere of the Netherlands yesterday, a month before the actual release, was in a cinema of 500 seats, of which 15 were filled. Real beauty is seldom interesting for filmgoers, it seems. As I knew the TV series I was of course very curious if my favorite viewers would make it into this movie. Some did not, but the most impressive stills (big waterfalls) did, fortunately. This was the first time I cried in the film Nature.
