I heard nothing but wonderful things about the 2006 mini-TV series "Planet Earth," by David Attenborough, my childhood. However, whether it was introduced here in Australia or not, I never dealt with it, and when I signed up when I had the opportunity to see "Earth (2007)" ?? Aggregate the feature length of Nature's own footage? On the big screen, I jumped to the opportunity. The theater was basically empty; only one shepherd sat in the row in front of me, and it was as if I were not only the big screen myself, but the entire planet. For 90 minutes, she drifted into the beauty and dangers of the isolated wildlife, among some of the most beautiful living things that were captured in the film. Earth is wonderful in scope, but sometimes intimate and painful, a call from filmmakers to recognize the delicate balance of life on our planet, and how human intervention has put countless species of animals and plants on its brink. Of extinction. <br /> <br /> Although the film directed by Alistair Fothergill and Mark Lynfield, clearly discusses the conservation of wildlife, he refrains from hitting us on our heads with propaganda, and the puzzle of politics is completely ignored. In fact, no one is in sight. Instead, we are simply taken on a breathtaking journey in the natural world majesty, to experience the flexibility, as well as the fragility, life on Earth. I hear that the original mini-series, which lasted for 11 episodes, goes deeper into the scientific background of the world's ecosystems. But here, I think, the filmmakers made a wise decision to replace the information with an emotional effect: I can not remember the last time I felt inspired, Same time. By establishing an emotional connection between the audience and a few individual animals, to a certain extent, we are suddenly able to appreciate the "human side" of each species, and their hopeless plight of survival becomes less statistical and more unacceptable than tragedy. <br /> <br /> "Earth" consists mainly of a series of dramatic episodes, whether polar polar bear conflicts to lead their young Arctic ice, or the elephant herd wanders towards the seasonal, life-saving flood waters of the Okavango Delta. The documentary shows the delicate balance between life and death, painfully displayed in the desperate ballet of predatory prey. Although sometimes, perhaps to meet the needs of the younger audience, the same footage cuts at the crucial moment, I regularly cry over the inevitability of death in nature, the raw instinct that feeds the final and desperate efforts of these animals to survive. So there is a beauty hunt that can be found in the search, both in the slow motion footage of the leopard dropping its prey {result of one fateful error}, or a majestic leap in the great white shark in the air sweeping the hapless sea lion. This fragile balance, which has been mortally disabled because of the selfishness of our species. <br /> <br /> Apart from these major stories, we are also dealing with short extracts from wildlife from all over the world, including Papua New Guinea birds, and the autumn migration of demoiselle cranes. Of course, whole films may be dedicated to these species alone, and the inevitable consequence of carrying out a lot of stills is that some interesting ecosystems have been polished very quickly. By choosing to focus closely on polar bears, elephant whale humpback ?? Tracking their lifestyles, through some stunning high-resolution photography, throughout my calendar year? Filmmakers have been able to avoid any structural problems that may arise from having too much to show, and only 90 minutes to show. As a result, Earth has left me even more eager, and fortunately, I now have about 11 more hours as soon as I can track a copy of the Planet Earth DVD. Earth, disgusting, shuddering, and stunning rhythm, is a truly fantastic documentaries experience, and may be my favorite film of 2007.
