The City Council takes city policies instead of country or state or any major political agenda. New York City has given it a huge political arena, especially for the time being, but it is still on a smaller scale and is putting a microscope on a few key players in a massive scandal in the city stumbled from its right hand to the mayor. Harold Becker is a very familiar director of elements of the excitement of Mercury Rising, Malice, and Disturbance and I think that in many ways he incorporates so much of the standard excitement that it is almost a mistake. I mean, the city hall is meant to be a political drama, not a thriller, but instead when everything is said and done, once you get to the meat and potatoes in the movie, it looks like a thriller, but a good movie in that part of the recipe that makes it stand out Instantly ... what ... or rather from another ... Al Pacino. The film begins by giving you a really good look at life in the mayor's office and the inner workings of the city. As the film continues, it expands its political scope to include a democratic coach and its relationships, and then introduces us to some of the events taking place within the city. When events unfold, the ambiguity begins and the political side is kind of left in the background but still has a wonderful collection. <br /> <br /> I definitely hate talking about Al Pacino. I mean even if it does not perform well how can I say it? Man acting kings. There is only something wonderful about his entire behavior. In the City Hall, Pacino plays Mayor of New York City. He has a sense of duty and honor and appears to be an upright politician immediately. He also casts one of the most compelling speeches I have ever seen at James Bon's funeral. I saw that speech four times and the first time I saw Pachino giving it, my mouth suddenly open and I wanted to stand up and salute. Her writing skillfully delivered brilliantly by Pacino. John Cusack, whom I truly enjoy as an actor, turns into a modest performance and is under the post of Deputy Mayor Kevin Calhoun. It's a kind of focus in the film and he and Pacino have good chemistry together when they're on the screen but there's only something in this performance ... it seems to be trying hard. His tone is just curious, and although he is supposed to be afraid and fearful, he does not seem to take it off. Maybe he had a film out. Bridget Fonda, on her way out of her high star, is doing a good job as a lawyer for police widows Maribeth Kogan. Her performance is quite similar to the Cusack in that she does not seem to have found her groove with this character. Danny Ailu is wonderful, although his character is slightly explored as a democratic leader with ties to the Frank Anselmo mafia. Martin Landau is a good judge as a judge under scrutiny Walter Stern. <br /> <br /> The problem of the City Hall is clear in my assessment of the characters and the actors. Everyone ... well. There are a lot of background stories that they are trying to portray without actually showing them, which unfortunately makes you a bit confused about the entire plot. Of course you have Al Pacino in a somewhat small supporting role but he is very adept at it and outperforms and overshadows every other actor in the film. It looks like they might be intimidated by him on the screen with them. The city hall could have been such a huge political epic drama, but it felt cut and reduced to an average of one mill but still to be seen for Pashino and a different turn in the internal workings of politics. If you do not see this film from finding a Pachino speech at James Bon's funeral because the disturbing word does not seem to give it to justice, but you can see what makes Al Pacino so amazing because in a medium-sized film he pulls out this collection and makes you feel it . If you are a fan of John Cusack and I ... it's definitely the best, but it's the main character and everything that gets fair. A decent film but unfortunately a potential loss. 7.5 / 10
