This movie is about a classic theme. In fact the subject is being exploited by Batman, from start to finish, but in real data and details. The mayor of New York, who is highly regarded, very diligent and dynamic, to get some projects a bit faster than usual, is giving in to some pressure from some private contractors on a criminal drug dealer who should have been sent and imprisoned. He pressed the judge in turn to release him under surveillance despite a negative test report that disappears but has not been destroyed, whether because of the political value he represents. A small number of people, including a black pupil, were killed in an exchange of fire between a policeman and a criminal. The city may explode because of this: ethnic tensions due to the black school boy and social tension due to insecurity such criminals have the freedom to roam and roam in their criminal activities that represent the public. Unfortunately, the film does not show that the tension is very good and follows the investigation with the first deputy mayor who wants to know the truth and discover it. But along the way, a few witnesses are killed, who are forced to play a role in the whole work they have to retire (judge), to terminate their career (the contractor or contractor goes away), a public official was willing to provide the disappeared observation report, Suspicious characters yet provide some important information. The mayor retires on his own and takes a long vacation; however, the main interest of the film is to explore the mayor's distortions to cover up the problem and distortions he remembers in the past that led to the error in this test case. The political philosophy that nothing is pure white or pure black is invoked and that everything is gray that makes decision-makers never a reason to make wrong but profitable decisions. We are not talking about compromises necessary to reach some consensus in some areas that are necessary for the public interest. We are talking about making a bad decision about some small criminals or young criminals less important than some of the infrastructure or economic project in the city. This is not typical in New York. This is true in any mayor's office. It is more important in terms of quantity and quality in a large urban area such as New York and of course in a city or country where municipal police departments are controlled by political imperatives. So the young mayor's deputy is pushing the old mayor away from his course and hinders his ambition to be governor of New York to become president of the United States. The Mayor is perfect because of the incarnation of Al Pacino because he can express ten minutes of dialogue with one facial expression that makes the whole dialogue useless. I find the end a little fun with the former deputy governor who was campaigning in his name. This seems to mean that he was associated with justice because he saw his chance to get the mayor out of his own way. He is therefore no better than others, and still very young in his ambition. <br /> <br /> Dr. Jacques Colardieu, University of Paris Dauphin, University of Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne and University of Versailles Saint-Quentin en Evelyn
