Wow ... 5 more hours of Riget. Lars continues with a wonderful blend of hidden drama, dark horror and soap opera. Picking up the place where the last episode of the previous series has completely stopped (complete with the same high intensity and suspense, although this does not last; for better or worse), this fixation in the franchise seems somewhat more inclined to accelerate ... , There seemed to be a day or a week between each episode, while it was obviously a long stretch ... where one loop ends, the next stage begins. Much can be said about Lars von Trier ... but he is very diverse and eccentric. All qualities appear in this. The plot continues to excel, as some of the regular characters who were young players in the previous four episodes are now given more attention. Essentially, each character returns from the first characters, at least as far as the main roles go. The speed is not as sharp as in the first part, I found myself less caught on this one. This is not in any way to say that this did not involve me, although ... I still find myself constantly watching, and on several points my reaction was strong, often loud, about what was going on (a very unusual behavior for me, I am an incredibly silent person), as I also during the first. Like the first, this also raises some ethical questions loaded. Based on the foundation from the beginning, this topic brings more ... As a complement, the scope is also larger. greatest. More spirits, more exotic incidents, more sub tricks. The powerful graphic materials of the first also come back, and have been started out. The characters are developed more. The representation is amazing, like the first. Udo Kier solidifies his immense talent, to anyone who doubted it. He played a very difficult character (anyone who saw the first series could probably know what I mean) and * acted in a language he did not speak (he was later called) ... and still delivers this powerful character performance. The cinematography is still wonderful, and still very manual, with a quick zoom and a long cross. The editing is sharp, with some direct cuts in sound (although they were more prominent in the first). Now, with all that has been said, I would really like to be able to evaluate this 10 level ideal ... or at least below that, like the first four episodes. I really enjoyed watching, and I do not feel sorry at least. But this has its drawbacks ... those that were the first part and more. Like the first, humor takes up too much space ... This time, it's worse. There are many new regular characters that have no other reason but to provide relief pictured ... three of them, no less. The scenes are prepared and executed without any reason other than making the audience laugh. Good for comedy, but what does it do in such a dark and unpleasant, yes, nothing less sadistic than sometimes, a horror piece? The place of Helmer's solitary confinement is changed from the hospital roof ... where Sweden can see the beloved ... to the bathroom. At an angle from inside the container. No, you read this right. In general, humor seems less attractive ... more sex and physical functional jokes, which, once again, ask the question "why?". While most of the writing is excellent, some are very depressed. Many scenes are copied primarily from the first mini-series (one may guess because of its popularity when broadcast). Sometimes, the drama seems more interesting than the one that appeared in the first, and it often jumps. Fortunately, cutting points and items are rarely explained easily (but a certain character lives in Denmark without a clear reason, for example ... anyone who thinks he knows who I'm talking about). Dishwashers, though still vague and insightful, have become more than just a gimmick ... they have been overly exposed, in the end, I think. Most of the scenes with them are still fun. In addition, I want to assure any reader of this that despite all the negative things that have just been written, this is still very good ... definitely enjoyable, attractive and powerful ... and in my humble opinion, must definitely be seen by anyone who loves the first (Although it belongs to this group; do not expect to feel that the story is over after watching this more than you do after the first one). I recommend this to anyone who likes Lars von Trier and anyone who enjoys Riget I and wants more where he came from. I urge anyone looking to watch this to make sure you have seen all of the above before you do ... I bought this before I bought the first, but I stood up to watch until I first bought and watched it, and I can not tell you how happy I am. Although this includes a brief summary of the events in the first, there is a great deal of detail and aspects that you may miss if you do not see it before you see it. The sequel is a little less, but definitely still one to watch if you love first. 10/08
