There is a danger to the critic / philosopher Slavoj Zyszk his film, directed by Sophie Fiennes, which combines a wonderful blend of silent horror novels, science fiction and surrealism and other contemporary excitement points to make comparisons between the Freudian overload. But in Pervert's CINEMA manual, he also made the most points after starting point from any other analysis I've seen in a collective section of movies. Although it does not cover a large area of ​​documentary films covered by the film Scorsese that, but the same accessories are present, and possesses Zizek love clear to all these examples and films "harmful", especially the work of Hitchcock and Lynch and Chaplin and Tarkovsky. However, one should not go to see this - if you can find it, you have almost noticed it - I think Zizik will only try to dissect all the sexual, sexual or parts that you transmit in an open, distorted way. If there is anything that opens up one point to points that can not be considered otherwise - one in three of Marx's brothers thought as proof of identity, super ego and ego (Harpo's example is the deadliest for me). <br /> <br /> It's not only takes care of the classics, but it is also considered food for thought in The Matrix and Fight Club - in the representation of a split between fantasy and reality, and if the matrix you need as much energy as you need energy needs to the matrix for priority, And their association with violence in their own self-treatment as well as weakness in the latter. He even throws in a piece of the pivotal moment in the revenge of the Sith when Anken Darth Vader becomes, and the consequences of getting rid of paternity under that back mask at the same moment as the birth of his children elsewhere. Such as paternity and male sexual attraction and male perspective are explored in transforming fantasy into reality (where Zizek rightly points out that the moment of creating a nightmare), and feminine self, are most likely explored with Vertigo. This also applies to a scene that Zizek breaks up as if it were Zapruder, where he splits the three sex scenes in the "Do not Look At Me" scene at Blue Velvet. <br /> <br /> It will now be one thing if Zizek himself continues to make these honest, passionate and reasonable points one way or another just to face the camera or mostly in the sound as Scorsese does. But it takes a step further to highlight the points in fantasy and reality, and how they overlap, intersect, it becomes one or replicated, or spreads more important in some of the other world or primitive feeling of some of the characters (ie Lost Highway) by placing himself in the locations where the spin movies. Sees Funniest first in the boat "heading" towards the heads of a boat Tippi Hedren itself at the beginning of birds; equally funny is that irrigates in the Blue Garden Velvet, which continues to explain the multi-faceted points in the Frank Booth; only one, when it is in an area similar to Solaris, do you It looks a bit cowardly. But Zizek seems to enjoy this setting very much, and after a period that transcends one's essence all the way these tricks come Zizek's words. <br /> <br /> Some of the films I would have been expecting, mainly from Hitchcock and Lynch, but a cure for film lovers comes from seeing two things - movies that no one has ever thought of in a movie called "Pervert Guide" (My best two films are the Disney cartoon Pluto and the Chaplin film show, though with a big note about the power and distinction of the "sound", and those that no one has yet seen (ie, the abdominal horror film, Dr. Mapus, Stoker, among a few Of others) that inspire immediate feelings of "Wow, I have to see it right away, no questions." Zizek is a strong writer in his work, and puts In clarity reminds us why we watch movies in the first place, to entertain, certainly, but also to have the actual experience to sit and enjoy something there, as he put it, look at the toilet. Maybe one of the greatest films about cinema, and in this great distress of how analysis Which works by Freud in films related to Desire, Id / Super-Ego / Ego, and supernatural films, which you may never see.
