"Cinema is the ultimate perverted art, it does not give you what you want; it tells you how you want it." <br /> <br /> So the "Perverted Guide to Cinema" begins, where Slovenian philosopher and Slovenian philosopher Slavoj Zizk applies the Freudian / Lacanian brain scalpel to international cinema. This three-part film is the second documentary directed by Sophie Finn (yes, sister of Ralph and Joseph), a remarkable achievement, recorded in two and a half hours of one man's talk yet still humorous and engaging throughout. In essence, it's a long film lecture, one of the best that you might get. During the film, Zizek guides us through a catalog of obsession and desire to film history. He covers more than 40 films, and in particular spends a lot of time with Hitchcock, Lynch, Chaplin, Tarkovsky, Marx Brothers and Eisenstein. But he also took a closer look at Persona, The Conversation, Three Colors: Blue, Dogville, Fight Club and The Exorcist. Objectively, Zizek's research in the cinema ranges from ideas about the death campaign to the "coordinates of desire", and from gnosticism to "partial things." <br /> <br /> The Deviant Guide will be a little better if it took a few minutes to talk about Freudian's basic terms. However, even if she is not immersed in psychoanalytic theory, Zizek's dynamic and exhilarating personality carries the film forward with such enthusiasm that it is unlikely to stumble into the specialized language. The movie moves frequently from movie clips to Zizek * images within the movie it talks about - in original sites and collections. Transitions in these sequences carry such tension and humor that the trick does not become old. Zek himself makes us laugh constantly, either from the strange little jokes or from his spirited insistence, for example, on Oedipal's bold interpretation of "The Birds." The attitude of laughter and fun this, the parts of both Fiennes and Zizek, is essential to Gonzo's character from the film. It is a spoon of sugar that helps us digest the strange medicine in Zizik. After all, do not we all have the feeling that the theorists of psychology, after a certain point, are only pulling our legs?
