He is plump, sweaty, cross-eyed and slightly anxious. Stands before us and calls himself deviation. Claiming that we? Movie viewers ?? Perception of the screen as a toilet bowl, all secretly hoping that all explode from inside. It's unpredictable and scary. Okay??? Come on, would you have guessed now: He is one of the most prominent philosophers of our time. <br /> <br /> Slavog? I am both a storyteller and a subject in the extraordinary new film of Sophie Vince, a perverted guide to cinema. Fiennes explains a long lecture by author ?? i ?? ek, they do it in two ways: by providing perfect movie clips and mode ?? i ?? ek in real (or rebuilt) locations of the movies he talks about. It's always nice to see the carefully named scenes from great movies (although the Revenge of the Sith is also here), but the main attraction of A Pervert's guide? he is ?? I? ek itself. What makes the movie fun to watch is the question that can not be answered and one can only ask again and again: What is more shocking, or watching me or ek? In a documentary film for Astra Taylor ("I'm ek !, 05"), the Slovenian philosopher at one point admitted his fear of silence. Because, as he claims, he feels he does not exist in the first place, the only way to make all people think he does is to talk constantly and with great difficulty. Talk, do, and how. Also a perverted guide? He is dominated by his voice? Make perfect English in the most mad ways, and make some amazing points around the cinema. <br /> <br /> What's this? Well, for example, he sees Chaplin's reluctance to talk about the picture as a sign of a global fear of the sound itself (a kind of alien force that man assumes? I think the fun part of Dead of Night [45]). He says that the bad nature of cinema is teaching us to desire certain things, not to provide them. He knows Groucho Marx as the super-ego, the Chico and the Anna and Harpo as an acquaintance. Say a million other interesting things, and all the time we can not turn a blind eye to his eyes, so compelling (and captivating) are his looks. At some point I could only stare at his thick thick hair and wonder what kind of brain he was storing underneath. Nostalgia, of course, for more ideas. <br /> <br /> Most notably written readings of Lynch and Hitchcock (which are no surprise since he wrote about them). The cumulative effect of many beautifully edited sections of each other's work make those parts of the lecture memorable and ?? Unlike others? It's hard to argue with him, because he seems to have already gotten things right on these two managers. This does not apply to his reading of Tarkovsky, for example, which tirelessly imposes his real materialistic view of reality, carefully ruling out what is remarkable in all Tarkovsky (ie, strong religious intuition and images). <br /> <br /> The question is not whether it ?? i ?? ek inspirational and wonderful, because it; or whether the film Fiennes worth watching, because it as well. The real question is rather are they coherent views? There is a smart note after the other that makes the intellectual journey overwhelming, but after the whole thing, there are still some doubts. For example: while looking at Vertigo (58) ?? ik ek states that what is hidden behind the human face is a perfect vacuum, making the face itself just a facade: something of a deception in itself. However, when we hear in the final series of the stunning end of the lights of the city (31) as a picture of a man completely exposed to another, it is difficult not to ask: What happened to the whole facade? ? Why should we give the true value of Chaplin's essence to the real thing, and deprive Kim Novak of this privilege himself in two bold blows ??? Or perhaps this coherence can also be read in Lacan terms? (The name of the French psychoanalyst known as "unreadable" is essential to the thought of "ek.") The film contains all the benefits of a wonderful lecture of two and a half hours: cover a lot of land, many views were employed, even some first class manufactures that manufactured (When I travel ?? ek aboard a ship Melanie Daniels from The Birds [63] and try to think as I did, and come: "I want to f ** m mich!"). But it also has one flaw that is not rooted in a two-and-a-half hour lecture: it is almost monotonous. ?? i ?? ek about how far we are from Real as good as any other thread of psychoanalysis, but after about 80 minutes, it became quite clear that one of the perverse perverted pleasures were to walk together and to, constantly change themes. The overall effect is to be swept by a furious, angry giant wave; at the same time you are surprised by a surprise, refreshed, in mortal danger and not confused. When you finish watching, your head is full of ideas that are not your own and you're already planning to re-watch some movies ?? But you also share the feeling that you have survived a disaster. <br /> <br /> The final question is: Is it ?? i ?? ek lost it? Or are we not even close to the real thing? As soon as the sentence becomes imprisonment, we must all meet in one big cell and finally talk to each other (there are no movies turning to our faces). I challenge you all: who will have enough courage to approach them? I think that once you look at those eyes in real life, you become a believer.
