(1995): Harry Hamlin, Annie Potts, Lisa Zan, Tommy Hinckley, Susan Deol, Rome Mafia, Robert C. Trevilier, d. Anderson, William Blair, Sean Bridges, Robin Dahlenbach, Wilbur Fitzgerald, Stan Kelly, Deborah Hobart, David Linthal, Laurie Lindberg, Chuck Kenlow, Amy Parish, Melissa Susan McBride, Ralph Wilcox, Al Wiggins, Jeff Somerl, Daria Sanford ... Directed by James Hayman, Screenplay by Dan Fenning. <br /> <br /> Actor Harry Hamlin (LA LA, Clash of The Titans and other films) is fully represented in James Hayman's Lifetime, which was released in 1995. He and his wife Lisa Rinna later on a film about sex addiction. "Her killer rival", at first glance, is similar to the Hollywood box office film "Deadly Attraction". In the film "Rival," Jim and Kris Lanford happily married to a new home in the beautiful, beautiful suburbs. They have the perfect marriage it seems - they are in deep love, despite the routine lifestyle. But then a mysterious admirer puts her eyes on Jim. Her identity is never revealed, although Jim tries and even investigators discover her identity. She constantly harasses Jim through phone calls and messages. His marriage almost stumbles as his wife begins to believe he is having an affair and tries to cover up her. While Harry Hamlin, Annie Potts and the rest of the actors - Lisa Zan, Tommy Hinckley, Susan Deol, Roma Mafia, Robert Treviler and Dr. Lam Anderson and William Blair - came straight out of the soap opera. But this is a drama full of suspense and has good moments. There is a twist in the end. Spoiler alert. All I'm saying is that her "deadly rival" was just the same. Based on a presumed actual case, Jim's wife Chris suffered from multiple personality disorder and that's what ruined her marriage. Even if the story is not terribly impressive, even if acting is just a step higher than representing the soap opera, this film has its moments. Especially moving intimate scenes between Jim and his wife and the last scene that, when Jim learns the truth, can not believe what he just heard. The film is likely to be very long and boring in some parts, but it is a kind of television movie that usually works well, especially in Lifetime, which continues to produce such films as "local excitement" or seduction stories. Trashy but everyone loves trash.
