The film begins in the classroom where it was not surprising to see our main actress Orchid in the Chinese class. Later in the film, she was asked why she was sent to learn Mandarin (by Moxin). Her answer was simple for the child; she already knew Malay well. <br /> <br /> It's a romantic story one might think, but once you stop yourself from reading and going to many critics, you'll notice the typical elements of Malaysia. The film focuses mainly on the 10-year-old Orked who met Mukhsin, a 12-year-old in a game many thought was a boy game. After running out of the players, Moxin (who was new in that village) had to let Orchid enter the game, eagerly showing her masculine side. Orked is not an ordinary girl because she imagines more of the male behavior as you will see in the film, defending Mukhsin from a lot of violent confrontation with the bullies in school, throwing one bully bag out of the school bus window, throwing punches and kicking at the brother of the mukhsin And so on. They were both great friends, and they were closer, but with a little misunderstanding that most of us would have responded to them in the same way. The two separated from them until the day that Motion left the city. <br /> <br /> Now the film depicts the first love between Orked and Mukhsin, they started as friends, but slowly evolved into a somewhat closer relationship then towards BGR. You'll notice, Jasmine's changes in movies are made for each major actor and actress when they go to love. The character was photographed with a desire and a light humor. All the scenes were random, but they depict a lot of reality in them so that they are stuck on the screen for a long time. You will love the film for what it is, not because you want to be patriotic to local scenes, it means much more. <br /> <br /> Since the film surrounds the ocean of lovebirds, she has also been able to find her lenses towards Orchid's parents, her mother, who has been educated in England, speaks English very well, and where her husband and home caregiver try to Very trying to speak a bit of their own English, which was a humor all along the way really. Let me explain to you why humor can be a prominent thing in this film. This interpretation or description that you may imagine can be presented in one word only and this is random. Often, do not learn to laugh at ourselves, when we do it, we do it at the expense of others. It's like Jack Neo's Just Follow Law - often when we are, we do not see the person in us, but when we're just in someone else's body, we just learn to know who we really are. This is how humor applies more than dignity. <br /> <br /> The film was so random that the typical facts of our routine lives while we were playing might be full of laughter if we wanted to be. <br /> <br /> Another focus of the film was how Orchid, the husband who no longer liked his wife, wanted to find someone else. Bac Coboi, like what he saw after being seen polishing his motorcycle daily and take her on a trip with his newly found girlfriend. The product did not fail to show that you were probably the reason why the husband wanted to find another wife. The wife was a real killer or KPC as we call the Chinese, where we boycotted the work of others and sent her daughter to regret Orchid with words used only by adults. After all, what's going on around us, that's probably the reason for the bad things that Kinda wants to talk to her. Every time, you will not be annoyed by your kindness around you at all, unless you have an ego to protect, but again, what is worth? The film is also centered around Hussein, a brother of Hussein, who used to go to the city every day until very late at night, smoke, drink and find "girls" too. It is the complete opposite of the intestines, but all of this may be due to family problems. The brothers lived with their aunt and the parents were away from them. I will not reveal more of the story line because it will spoil a lot of interest in wanting to know it yourself, but the lowest elements the producer wanted to send a message to viewers is our whole life. She wanted us, at least to look at life from our own perspective when we are not ourselves. Films somehow, took us out of our body, put us in the position of the character, and used your empty mind to view its course. Depending on the type and type of film, you will be amazed at how a good movie like this can be and will have a big impact on you.
