Mukhsin is a beautiful film about the first love story. Everyone has probably one story, the story of writer and writer Yasmine Ahmed about her salary, with a boy named Mukhsin. We know that her films were semi-autobiographical of some kind, and she has scenes drawn from her personal experiences, and this is actually this engagement and translation of these feelings into the big screen, which always tells her stories about sincerity and sincerity. The location of Mukhsin, and perhaps the most trusted business in advertising so far (although I must add, as a personal bias, is not that Sepet still has a special place in my heart). <br /> <br /> Our favorite family is Back - Buck Atan, Mac Enum, Orchid and Kak Yam, though this time, we go back to 10 year old Omar Orchid. The characters are all younger than the films we traveled with, from Rabun to Jabra. Here, honest sisters Amrani, Sharifa Ariana and Sharifa Alia, each have the roles of Orchid and Macnome, respectively, who may have represented their excellent chemistry together on the screen, making them not play roles Of brothers. The only constant is Kak Yam, who plays Adiba Nour, and even Pak Attan has hair on his head! Through the movie Mukshin, we got into a circle full of characters and the world that Yasmin introduced us to. We came to know and understand the family a little more, in the days they still live in Kampung (revisiting Rabun), where Orchid goes to a Chinese school and packs a serious mix of punches (and you wonder about this energy explosion in Jabra, I have owned it since its inception!). She is a tall, straight-haired girl and a child of the family. She prefers playing with boys in games, instead of "masak-masak" in which she does not care about girls, and includes favorite trips to go with family for football matches. <br /> <br /> The arrival of a boy called Mukhsin (Muhammad Siafi Nasaweeb) to the village offers a wonderful look for Orchid to hang around and do things - cycling through villages, climbing trees and kites. As required to explore, cross this line between friendship and romance, both of which are beautiful feelings. <br /> <br /> Mukhsin has his friendly moments that energize the story and make him laugh, because some of the incidents we have experienced ourselves, and sometimes a rebound to remind us of childhood. In short, those scenes screamed "fun"! We observe life in a typical Kampung, where some neighbors are very nice, while others, curious hikers and rumor-makers, spread bad gossip stemming from envy. There are two additional dynamics for the family, one from a direct neighbor and the other from Moxin, both of which act as an appropriate sub-item, in contrast to Orchid films. <br /> <br /> Yasmin's movies are full of excellent music. For Mukhsin, she has something special, the song "Hujan" as her father put it, and "Ne Me Quitte Pas", which was appropriately used in the film, Yasmin has so far focused on the same characters, and her beauty is that you can watch them independently, or when you watch and disassemble them together, making a radical family drama that deals with separate themes and global issues such as interracial romance, love and forgiveness. Viewers will certainly see many links in Mukhsin to previous films, while new audiences will be intrigued by the reasons and importance of recurring characters or events, such as the sneaky boy who steals looks at Orked. <br /> <br /> Speaking of its causes, the parts of Mukhsin are also intriguingly open, which may be characteristic of Jasmine style, or deliberately left as such. I thought it was a story about childhood, retrieved from memory, then there are details that will certainly be excluded. And skill, I felt that Moxin offered this ideally, with no detailed details, and focus on what can be remembered in the important episodes between the two. <br /> <br /> Another highly recommended film, an extremely rare film I feel is suitable for all ages - bring with you your brother or sister's baby!
