If you want to learn something about the Spanish Civil War and all the details and political plots, let me tell you, I chose the wrong film. <br /> <br /> This is a vision of war as it happened in Mallorca, a small island off the coast of Spain. When such a war takes place on a small island that takes up its traitor's place almost once, there is no open war. Soldiers are sent to the front to fight, on the mainland, while another kind of war occurs at home, on the small island. There, neighbors say to other neighbors, sometimes because their political views run counter to the new order, but many people are told about old family fights, or maybe someone who wants "silent introversion who has no friends" is told. Some things were not happening in the open.There were some experiments, true, but often people woke up in the middle of the night and were taken from their homes to the nearest cemetery where they would be killed. , People will have an idea of ​​what happened, but no one dares to talk or do anything, we are not talking about killing soldiers for someone who has never seen their lives, we are talking about people who kill their neighbors, they may say hello to their mother the next day, The funeral of the man who killed him We are talking about villages with a population of 1,000 or 2,000 people, I know from the small island and I heard the stories my grandfather told me, and I have to say that this film bothered me, yes, but I also found a remarkably beautiful and moving initial violence is not something the director made or The writer, as it happened during that war, knows that the father of his companion in the fascist group that killed his father is completely possible, and everything that happened later was also true TB was real, and at that time my island was not the holiday resort I had become. People were poor and illiterate and worked on small farms. After the war there were times of hardship. <br /> <br /> So, you will not find a war story in this movie, or at least it will not be the story of the war you expect. There are no battlefields, no soldiers, no political plots. These are the most dangerous types of war, which occur when the space is limited (just check the size of the island), when neighbors fight with their neighbors, when members of the same family fight each other, and live in a place where everyone knows everyone. You'll find a story about the damage that this kind of war can cause to people and the story of how they survived this damage, or maybe they did not. <br /> <br /> I must mention the excellent work done by the writers who adapted to the novel and all the actors, who really managed to voice Majorcan. That was great.
