(Madloun) This is certainly the best production I've ever seen for Amicus (although I still have quite a few movies to check out). "The House That Fell Blood" is a "multi-horror," an anthology containing four strange stories involving tenants from an overheated house in the British countryside. There is a common mistake in producing such a waste of too much energy on a wrapped story linking separate tales? Peter Deauville's film wisely does not pay much attention to it. He simply handles the Scotland Yard inspector who comes to the house to investigate the disappearance of another tenant, and as such, he learns about the strange events that have occurred there before. All four stories in this film are of high quality and together, they make them perfect. High expectations are allowed for this film, because it was written entirely by Robert Bloch! Yes, the same Bloch who wrote the novel that resulted in a wonderful "psychological" horror sign? We also celebrate the start of Peter Deauville as a strong and professional director. <br /> <br /> The four stories? Classes if you will? The house in which the blood is dropped contains a good variety of subjects, but they are (almost) chilling. The first figure deals with a terrifying author who comes home with his wife to find inspiration for his new book. This begins in real, but after a short while, haunted and chased by the villain of his imagination. The idea in this story is not entirely original? But it is very exciting, and climaxed somewhat surprise. The story of the second story (hammer) is the myth of terror Peter Cushing as a retired broker. He is still chasing a long-lost love image, which he encounters with a waxy statue that looks exactly like it. Cushing is joy to observe as always and? Although the subject of wax museums is not new? This story looks new and innovative. This chapter also contains interesting moments of shock and there is a constant tense atmosphere. It is a wonderful preparation for what can be said to be the best story: Figure 3. Another mythical actor in this story, where Christopher Lee presents a flawless picture of a horrified father. He is very cruel and tough with regard to his little daughter and is kept in isolation from the outside world. Not for no reason, because the little girl shows a strange charm of magic and sorcery. Besides the great acting by me and the wonderful performance of Chloe Franks as a nervous child, this story also has a wonderful Gothic atmosphere! The devilish tones in this story, along with the sound effects of thunder, make this story necessary for true horror lovers. The fourth and final story, controlled by the horror actor dressed in a vampire cloak, is slightly weaker and then others when it comes to tension and credibility, but the overload of hidden humor compensates in one form or another. There is even little room for parody in this story where the protagonist refers to the star Christopher Lee in the Dracula series! The most outstanding element in this last chapter is Ingrid Pitt's wonderful presence! Surely the worship queen of "Vampire Lovers" is one of the highlights of the film? <br /> <br /> No doubt about it? House that has fallen blood will be greatly appreciated by classic horror lovers. I really think that, with a little preparation to calm the mood, this can really be one of the few films that will scare you and leave a big impression. The horror must be as clever and convincing as that! Highly recommended. A few additional notes, though: this film may not be repeated - may not be confused with the "dwelling that distills blood" under any circumstances. The latter is a very clown and hot underground under the 80s of the twentieth century did not share anything with this film, except the title that he stole.
