"The House That Dripped Blood" is one of the best selection films in the time period. A missing movie star, Inspector Holloway, (John Bennett) finds that the last reported scene was in a large palace in the countryside. While looking through the house, he is told four different stories about former residents of the house. <br /> <br /> Good story (s): The way of killing - Moving to the mysterious palace to get some peace and quiet while Charles pens his latest fiction, horror novelist Charles Heller, (Denholme Elliott) and his wife Alice (Joanna Dunham) Immersed in the story, which revolves around a strange series called Dominique. After a series of strange incidents and experiments at home, Charles began to believe that the creation he had created had come to life and he and his wife lived. Probably one of the best posts in the film, it's scary easily. The atmosphere here is what sets it apart. Spectacular images of imagination are truly creepy, and the ambiguity surrounding it is truly effective and there is always a classic creep moment. The classic moment is the murder in the psychiatrist's office, the highest level ever for pity. Their accumulation, with screaming sounds, rapid flashes of mysterious object, thunder and lightning in the back ground works well for the benefit of that person. <br /> <br /> Sweet-Moving Sweets to a new home, Widowed John Reid, (Christopher Lee) hires former school teacher Ann Norton (Neri Don Porter) to his little daughter Jane (Chloe Franks) while he is out of work. Ann gradually began to reveal the mystery of darkness from Jane's past, which John strongly denies. When you learn the true nature of what happened, it is more shocking than I thought possible. Through the terrible plot and the biggest evolution of stories, this is a very impressive entry. The family puzzle is played wonderfully, accumulating small amounts of clues here and there, revealing the final revelation about nerves. This part alone is the main reason for the success of this part, and does not hurt me either. <br /> <br /> The bad story: the torture of wax with the memories of his lost love, Philip Grayson (Peter Cushing) and his friend Neville Rogers (Gus Akland) both fascinated by a statue of a woman in the wax museum, Awful about the museum that haunts them. There is a smart hypothesis here, and they provide an excuse to spend time in the wax museum, which is always creepy. This is no exception, and it seems strange, where fluorescent lighting on the statues helped him. Dream sequence provides a wonderful moment of thrill, but what kills this in the end is the slow pace. It takes a long time for events to unfold, and most of the time is spent in the show. It also reaches the end of a shock that can be seen coming from a distance of one mile. Those really are less this little one. If the change had changed, it would have scored higher, and the rest would have been acceptable. <br /> <br /> The actor of the horror film from Cloak-Veteran, Paul Henderson, (John Pertoy) raised his lack of realism on a set of his new film, starting out and buying a new vampire mantle from a specialist store. He quickly turns into a mantle to a vampire, and gets mad at the group with Carla the star involved, (Ingrid Pitt) and other acts of vampires at home. Not convinced that the abaya is the reason, he does everything in his power to prove that it is just a fantasy. This has a decent premise, and there are plenty of opportunities for some decent concerns, but what drowns is several factors. First, it is very clumsy because it is good. The development of the plot is in the end an ideal example, so exaggerated that it is not really shocking, and it is just ridiculous. There are very few fear scenes or fear attempts that are just a cavity to sit. He is the weakest in the film. <br /> <br /> Final Judgment: A completely comprehensive film, there are some minor problems scattered in every story that make this film less than perfect but still viewable. Highly recommended for those who share similar films at the time or enjoy British horror movies. <br /> <br /> Today's rating - PG-13: Violence
