The British production company, Amicus, is generally known for its anthology of horror, and this great "The House That Dripped Blood" is undoubtedly the best production Amicus has ever seen (admittedly there are very few that I saw after seeing, though From). "The That That Dripped Blood" consists of four delightful stories, all located in the same strange mansion. These four stories are presented to you in a gothic atmosphere, with one of the finest collections imaginable. Peter Cushing and Christopher Lee (Cushing and Lee are my favorite actors), as well as Denholm Elliott and Ingrid's star magician in this film - are you a true horror fan who could possibly miss her? No one, of course, the film has much to offer more than just a wonderful crew. The House of Blood Falls revolves around a strange country palace, where strange things occur. In four parts, the film tells the tales of four different heirs. <br /> <br /> The first story, "Method for Murder," tells the story of a horror novelist, Denholm Elliott, who goes home with his wife. After moving, the writer suddenly feels that he is haunted by a nightmare of his creation ... The first part is a wonderful start to the film. The story is creepy and horrific all the time and the performances are very good. <br /> <br /> In the second story, "Waxworks", retired businessman Philippe Grayson (Peter Cushing) goes home and draws attention to the mysterious wax museum in the neighboring town ... The great Peter Cushing again performs fine In this area, the rest of the presentations are also very good. The story is strange and fun, and the second is best after the film. <br /> <br /> The third tale, Sweet Sweets, is by far the coolest and most famous of the four films. John Reid (Christopher Lee) moves with his little daughter. The teacher and private tutor Ms. Norton, who Mr. Reid used to teach his daughter, is horrified at the rigor of her employer towards his daughter. She is anxious to know why the father's over-breeding views ... The best part keeps a very creepy atmosphere and a really scary plot. Christopher Lee, as always, is wonderful in his role. Nyree Dawn Porter is very good as a nanny and praises the 11-year-old Chloe Franks. This innovative part alone makes the movie a necessity for all true horror movie fans. <br /> <br /> In the fourth part, Horror actor Paul Henderson (John Pertoy) moves to the house with his mistress / charismatic star Carla (Ingrid Pitt). This fourth story is satire, more than it is actually horror. It is a very interesting satire, and there are many hints of other horror movies. At one point, Henderson refers indirectly to Christopher Lee, who starred in Part III and III ... <br /> <br /> All four slides enjoy a terrifying sense of humor and a wonderful ambience. As mentioned above, the third part is by far the most spectacular and greatest, but the other three are also terrifyingly terrifyingly awesome stories each horror lover must appreciate. This hateful atmosphere, the terrible sense of humor, the real alienation, and the brilliant actors make this place indispensable. In short: "The House That Dropped Blood" is an excellent horror film that no British horror fan can tolerate. Highly recommended!
