Inspector Holloway (a powerful turn of John Bennett) investigates a famous playwright's disappearance and discovers the evil past history of an old, creepy house. The first and most mundane story, "The Way to Kill" - the successful author Charles Helier (well played by Denholm Elliott) is haunted by the images of the deadly villain he writes about in his latest book. Although this special trip is very clear and predictable to be anything special, they nevertheless build on a real Dale for a real surprise end. The second and most exciting story, "Exorx" - Lonely Philip Grayson (Peter Cushing, always distinguished) and his only friend, equally similar Neville Rogers (the magnificent statue of Gus Akland), both became fascinated by the deadly wax statues committed by a beautiful but fatal murder. The third and most chilling short, "Sweets to the Sweet" - a quiet and reserved widow and the secretion of John Reid (a typically wonderful Lee Lee in the role of semi-sympathetic) Anne's nanny (beautiful Nairie Don Porter) rents her daughter Jane's cute and seemingly harmless (Scary performance and remarkably unstable by the adorable Chloe Franks). This appalling incident gives a disturbing boost through talented actress Franks, an actress for gifted children, who are genuinely concerned about the evil evil under an innocent, misguided angelic shell. "The Cloak" - the star of the dark horror film Paul Henderson (an extremely interesting article by John Pertwee) buys a mysterious cloak that turns him into a vampire when he wears it. This product makes for a good silly fun and takes advantage of the awesome terrible presence of the enchanting Petite Ingrid as an attractive vampire for Carla. The filmmaker Peter Deauville, who works in a terrifying and terrifying scenario by the famous horror writer Robert Blauch, keeps pace and helps create a very comfortable atmosphere. Kudos is also a filmmaker for crisp Ray Parslow and the dark result by Michael Dress. It is highly recommended for lovers of fear fear taxi.
