I will admit that I was biased when I reviewed this because it was an introduction to this series. I first saw this film in late 2005 night "Fear Friday" on the AMC, which often pulls mysterious gems like this from cold storage for new generations. I made a point to see the whole Amicus series before reviewing any of them here to make sure I had a perspective. Looking back, I still film The That That Dripped Blood as my favorite, followed closely by tales from The Crypt and then asylum. <br /> <br /> I think all the elements that make this series charming --- vintage Sixty-sixties movie theaters, tales that go to troubling stories, and absolute British, all thanks to supporting music ---- The best here came from any of the others generally. The film revolves around a very old English country house and an ordeal that engulfs everything inside. <br /> <br /> The first story includes a horror writer and his wife, who moved to this secluded place to get a break from the city so he could focus on his passion. He creates a fatal character called Dominic and soon begins experiencing a great difficulty in telling the reality of fiction. There is a hidden vesifilia here through his torment which I found amusing after a creeping. Oh and those terrible stern teeth (then again these are the British actors, and perhaps those were real !!!) <br /> <br /> The second story is the story of a lonely old man (Peter Cushing) who moved here to escape loneliness , But it gets worse as it is haunted by lost love. It seems that he found a possible salvation in a local wax museum (very creepy), but it turned out that he would have been better off alone ... <br /> <br /> The third great story of Christopher Lee (my favorite actor in the British horror film) ) As one father with his troubled young daughter is completely annoying. He always warns her about getting into things she should not love magic! She has a natural talent for it, and for good reason. Lee is wonderful here as a cool officer in ice, that man has a real talent in playing characters completely free of warmth !! But despite his best efforts, the naughty little boy really learns the forbidden knowledge and bad things to follow ...... <br /> <br /> This latest story is the story of an old actor, a cynical veteran who feels the young director is working with an incompetent to pick up Vampire film is appropriate, down to the fashion quality and its own cloak. So go to an old curiosity shop in the middle of a foggy night to get something "authentic". Did not know that he picked up a really real vampire mantle! His position at midnight has somewhat remarkable effects. As I reached this fourth and last story, it was 3 am and I could not stay awake on the first attempt (and not boredom). But I have encountered something I have hundreds of times, experience a strange bond I have with movies or music when I walk around to and outside of sleep and become movies / music part of my dream !! Great fun! This strange story was perfect, and it seemed more terrifying the first time than it actually was because I woke up properly when I took advantage of the power of a mantle and could not quite understand what was going on at first. Not long after that, Ingrid Pitt the beautiful, a fashion group in his film collection, came to visit and warned her to wear the abaya at midnight --- but he did not need to bother her, because she was a real vampire herself. It was the chintzy keyboard jingle that followed it as it headed towards it on the hysterical stairs simply !! And again in my half-asleep state, seemed rather confusing! Side note: Be sure to catch Lee and Pitt with the stunning star of Britt Ekland in the classic Wicker Man (1973). <br /> <br /> The weakest episode here was the interlocking commentary of the stories, but based on the stories themselves, this is a classic! Objectively, I would say that the third story is the best, but I love it in fourth place because it makes me smile a lot. Highly recommended for horror lovers and if you are a British horror lover, they are mandatory! I would say it is useful to watch the series in chronological order if you can. The last film of this series, Monster Club (1980) is certainly the weakest. I think the first three to four films except for the Middle Lawn Torture (1967) are the best, but if you like any of them, you should see them all at least once. You may be back several times to see your favorites.
