Link Story: Another last show for me, again, this is one of Amicus's most popular selections - it's easy to find out why, although I realize how the title of the senseless movie could be misleading to some; The choice of director Peter Deauville - Death and Maid (which, by the way, is a classic piece of Schubert was heard in the film during the episode of Peter Cushing) - a lot dramatically. Although the splicing device itself is not great, the rings are all attractive and fun. The production values ​​bear fruit as they are very respectable for the budget that Duffell had to work with. The latter confers on the film a lot of elegance that is not common with this type of film, and frankly, one regrets the fact that he wanted to distance himself from this genre (although it is even more so not applied instead) Because he felt he was under him). <br /> <br /> Now to the individual stories themselves: <br /> <br /> "The Way of Murder": The opening part offers no real surprises but, to compensate for it, it is sometimes disgusting and creepy at times (The "delusional" villain of Tom Adams who looks like Boris Karloff's long-lost brother from the house of OLD DARK HOUSE [1932]); and ends up developing a DIABOLIQUE disease, and has a fairly strong role for Dunholm Elliott in the lead. That's all we need to get out of it, really. <br /> <br /> "Waxworks": For the second story, we have identified a curious romantic mood that is unusual for this type of film; Peter Cushing and Joss Ackland are both excellent (and well dressed) in their roles for two women They still care about them even after such a long time, and friendly rivalry can not blindly and relentlessly drive them to a fate that is literally worse than death. The disastrous hallucination with Peter Cushing was well done because of the limited resources available, and Island's inexplicable inability to leave the city to some extent restored the aristocrats trapped in the house of Bonwills The Angel Angel (1962). > <br /> <br /> "Sweets To The Sweet": This is probably the best episode of all - with his mysterious role here, Christopher Lee continues to show the brilliance of his blending and is met by the understanding of Neri Don Porter and the deceitful Chloe Franks (who appears as my daughter). The film's handling of the absence here is subtle and mature, culminating in a very strong and tight curtain. Trivia Note: Chloe Franks appears as an adult in the distinctive look on the disc, and when I saw her I felt instantly familiar with her but I could not quite put my finger on her. Later, when she read her film, she found out that she played one of the horses in the long-form authorship of Agatha Christie's "Mousetrap" in London's West End, which my brother and I were fortunate enough to catch. We are there on vacation in the summer of 2002! Needless to say, we had no idea then that she had once created a sensitive and delicious image in evil evil, mainly because of her strange appearance and devilish smile !! <br /> <br /> "The Cloak": the story of an idiot but strangely vulgar tale (which is still able to expose many of the myths associated with subtype, with the invention of some new myths!) which takes some wonderful excavations in exploitation Cinema, at one point, Christopher Lee himself! John Pertoy is a wonderful star of terror in a camp that gets more than he bargained for when he tries to bring some originality to his work; Ingrid Pitt is well-photographed, although her role is part of the procedure. Jeffrey Bildon (designed to look like Ernest Theissiger) also has a strange and memorable piece; the "silent cinema" style of the end was a very bold way to attract the audience, I suppose - and while some humor comes out in the "Fight the Famous Vampires" (1967) (1973), it is also fairly contagious and definitely ends the film in a high (and very unusual) picture! <br /> <br /> Video and audio quality is relatively satisfactory, since there is no other version to compare; the main reason is some noticeable damage to printing, but this is not bad so it affects the individual's enjoyment of the film. As for the additions, from the audio commentary: Frankly, this is one of the coolest conversations about a movie I can remember hearing; Jonathan Rigby enjoys more of his opinion than Musharraf, but his efforts certainly allow director Peter Deauville to touch every aspect of production (While some other movies give up expecting more!) As such, it's a very fun track that really completes the main feature very well. "The Horror Movie" is a commendable effort with Peter Deauville again in the lead, but this time with generous, albeit very concise, contributions from producer Max J. Rosenberg and the stars Chloe Franks and Ingrid Pitt. And Jeffrey Bildon. We also get reviews of movies, comments, a walk, and a gallery of posters / clips that are once again beautifully collected (with contemporary reviews something new - and welcome).
