Four horror stories about the events in a creepy old palace are listed to the skeptical inquest in Scotland Yard Holloway (John Bennett) while he is investigating another place where the occupant of the house is shedding blood. <br /> <br /> The only struggle to find words to describe the real brilliance is "House that has fallen blood." The anthrax of horror in this seventies is very impressive in that such an innocent film is visually capable of arousing horror even in the most discerning viewers. Incredibly, the number of violent images on the screen can be calculated on the one hand, but the film is still capable of portraying brutality and succeeds in evoking the most horrific images in the imagination of viewers, while refraining from taking the obvious course of graphic violence. In a rare feature of the early 1970s novels, the film's traditions are almost flawless, ranging from the wrong performances of the starry movie (featuring legendary Peter Cushing, Christopher Lee and Ingrid Pitt) to the great direction and storytelling. With the permission of Peter Deauville and the author of the terrible writer Robert Bloch (author of the novel 'Psycho'). The only real complaints one might face? The The That That Dripped Blood 'is a somewhat mythical twist at the end of the first two parts and the expected end of the picture, but even these simple details fail to diminish the public display of enjoyment. <br /> <br /> The first part, "The Method of Murder", tells the story of Charles Heller (Dinholm Elliott), a horror author who rents the creepy house while working on his latest novel. . While working on the novel, Helyyer continues to see the deadly character of his story inside and around the house, and soon begins to question the difference between fantasy and reality. Elliot's performance in this piece is truly exceptional and his character enjoys an incredible atmosphere of credibility. The key to this part, as with others, is the mystery surrounding the events that occur. The viewer is asking whether the scene of Dominic's fatal character is merely hallucination, schizophrenia, or whether the personality is already present. The direction of Davel has created a disturbing atmosphere along with a slow and systematic methodology to generate the tension and suspense necessary to make this part largely charming. <br /> <br /> The next part is Peter Cushing as a new occupant of the evil. a house. During a trip to the city, I encountered a wax museum that included horrors and decided to venture into it. While discovering there is a wax model for a beautiful woman who looks very familiar to him. Then Cushing (Philip) joined his friend Neville (Joss Ackland) who also wanted to visit the museum, which aroused Philip's discontent. In this section, the viewer is given no more than very subtle threads regarding the mystery of the wax woman, but the viewer is generally left in the dark. There is much less tension to this particular story, however, the part still succeeds in maintaining an atmosphere of mystery through a particularly horrifying dream sequence and general mystery of the story. Duffell's trend is once again exceptional and although this may be the weakest of the four stories, it is undeniable that through some creative trends and reliable acting, Waxworks is still "a delightful introduction to the film. <br /> <br />? Christopher Lee plays the role of John Reid, a father of a young girl who initially begins to have a fear that does not explain the shooting being treated soon by her nanny Anne Norton (Neri Don Porter) ) However, John seems to harbor a mysterious secret about the family. Sweet sweets are easily the most realistic and complex stories, and this is the The reason is that the section is convincingly viewer ... Throughout the part small and wonderful guides about the truth behind the family are released, but everything will not be opened in place until the final scene is very horrific.This is the best example of how to use Duffell's extreme tension and suspense to create an atmosphere "S Sweets to the Sweet" is accompanied by a beautifully arranged soundtrack, an exercise in constant fear that holds the viewer in the throat and refuses to let him stop until finally the painful scream that ends with this piece. Personally, I think this short part was going to make a long, armed and charming film, and I will give this passage a rare 10/10. <br /> <br /> The film ended with the story surrounding the missing artist who was originally interested. John Burtoy and Ingrid Pitt are two stars currently working on a horror film. Bertoy's character is disgusted by the production of amateur props and then buys his own vampire cloak from a strange store of puzzles. However, strange things begin to occur when wearing a mantle and soon begin to fear the worst. This part, which sets the inspector between events, is a nice way to wrap up a great selection. Although there is an irrefutable atmosphere of the camp for the part, it somehow makes the story very enjoyable. Unfortunately, there is little in this segment that can be classified as frightening in any way, and it was possible to implement the expected end better but nevertheless, the sector has the characteristics of recovery. Horror enthusiasts must certainly care about Perto's brief commentary on the portrayal of Bella Lugusi and Christopher Lee Dracula. This somewhat ludicrous comedian approach to the latter part is in essence an almost appropriate and natural way to end the picture, even if the film fails when compared to the earlier examples of thriller-driven horror. <br /> <br /> In summary, "The That That Dripped Blood" is one of the greatest horror ideologies with unbelievable sounds and fantastic stories. Surely there are worse ways to spend a hundred minutes of your life, and while blood and courage lovers will be very disappointed, fans of the most intense horror efforts should enjoy this film tremendously. My rating for ?? The House That Dripped Blood '?? 10/08.
