The horror movies were common in the 1970s. I'm not very fond of myself, but this is definitely an excellent slice of British horror films. The House That Dripped Blood is a comprehensive collection of horror, featuring four stories surrounding a country's creepy old house and being told to a Scotland Yard officer by a real estate agent. <br /> <br /> This film features three famous stars of the horror film: Peter Cushing, Christopher Lee and Ingrid Pitt, who will identify fans of horror as one of Lee's stars in the greatest British horror film ever; The Wicker Man. <br /> <br /> The first part of the film, "Method for Murder," tells the story of a horror storyteller who created it. A stranger called "Dominique" is brought through his own imagination. This story builds suspense very well; through his girlfriend, he and the public are led to believe that what he sees is the weave of his imagination. This story certainly is not very original, but it compensates for its lack of originality through the atmosphere it creates and its final development; which works incredibly well and is a real surprise. <br /> <br /> The second story, entitled "Waxworks," by Peter Cushing, is the least favored of the four. This story follows the story of Philip Grayson (Cushing), a man who discovers a wax museum and decides to venture into it. Inside, he discovers a woman familiar to him and later known as a murderer. The fact of the relationship between the woman and Philip is never explained at all, but the story relies more on the mystery to build suspense than the details of the plot. Kuching later joined his friend, Neville Rogers (played by Joss Ackland) and that is when the story begins to take place. Not setting up a wax museum full of killers for horror film is a new idea; the same setting was used for a major impact in the excellent horror film of 1966, The Room of Horror. Although the picture here is not as big as in the above-mentioned movie, the power of the setup is used to minimize the alarming effect, much of which is achieved by the phobia of fear of the limited area of ​​a museum. Peter Cushing is always fun to watch, and his vision avoids the craziness of the ax is fun for horror lovers. Although it is less favorable to me, this story is still amusing and interesting enough to dispel this selector. <br /> <br /> The film continues with "Sweets for the Sweet", which is undoubtedly the best in the whole. This story tells the legendary role of Christopher Lee as an oversized father. The beauty of this story comes from the way I played it. It leaves the public guessing; we know that there is something wrong with the father or daughter, but we do not know who he is or who he is. Christopher Lee, as usual, depicts his character with a great deal of sin; he is left to the public on a low note because of his actions regarding giving his daughter a doll, the fact that she is not allowed to go to school or play any games. The exact cause sheet is held close to the chest until the near end, embodied by a real chilling line telling me that the babysitter is really afraid of his daughter. The end to this section is run wonderfully, in my opinion it is one of the best endings for any horror story at all and will stay with you for a long time after the end credits finish. <br /> <br /> The overall set ends with a "mantle", which is certainly the most comical of the four. This tale revolves around a terrifying movie star, emerging from the artistic side of his last film, and buying himself a mantle. Of course, it turns out that this abaya is a real vampire cloak. Unlike the other three tales, this story seems to have been played mostly for laughter. This is not a bad thing, but the majority of humor is funny, and it serves as a wonderful contrast with the rest of the film. The ending coincides with this story well with the end of the story wrapped in the film, which is a very evil end but humorous to a very good film. Also, look for a small pocket with regards to Christopher Lee in Dracula. I think it's a nice touch, <br /> <br /> In general, if you want to get a multi-use horror, you can not do it wrong with The House that washed away the blood. The third tale alone makes the movie worth your time and this horror film is already very strong.
