Bremerger's adaptation of John P. Shaw in "St. John" (Graham Green's scenario) received one of the worst critical reactions of his day. Distorted by the pseudo-elite, the despots and the masses were not responding to a film lacking the piety and charm expected of a historic festival. As in "Tom Peeping Tom", the reaction was harmful and unjustified. Bremner's adaptation of Shaw's intellectual exploration of the effects and actions surrounding Joan Arc (her real name in her own language is Jean Dark but this film in English) is entirely devoted to the spirit of the original play, not only to the literal but also formal emotional level. His film is a prehistoric examination of the performance of institutions, the division within and outside the various factions that all wish to seize power. As such, we are not allowed to identify any of the characters on an emotional level, including Joan herself. <br /> <br /> Jean Seberg (whose subsequent life is parallel to her role here) has also been portrayed as innocent, a purity figure that reveals her actions and her presence about corruption and emptiness in everyone. So Seberg plays as Saint and Madwoman. Her lack of experience as an actress when she made this film (which appears in places) revives in the youth and Jean reveals the fact that Jean La Bochel is a modest illiterate girl of miles who struggled to protect her village and its natural intelligence. She was not in any way deserving of the harsh criticism she got in the first release of the film, it was far superior to Ken and invited any actress for the first time without prior experience in acting. Shaw and Breminger adopted a secular view of Joan to see her as a medieval feminist, not satisfied with being a rural daughter destined to marry away or a whore taken by soldiers from and to the battlefields. Her faith, voices and visions that overlap with words such as "imagination" and "common sense" lead to wearing the armor of her fellow soldiers to lead them into battle to hunt the English invaders outside France. However, the film is more interested in the Dauphin Stadium (Richard Widmark), the clerical office that tried Joanne led by Pierre Cochon (Anton and the Duke, strictly represented) and the proceedings of Earl Warwick (John Gilgod) Joan herself. The brilliant cast (all male) figures from the charts, Machiavillian (although the story precedes Niccolo) envisioned opportunists who treat religion as a childish game to be used and manipulated to achieve their own ends. The disgruntled dialogue gives the actors great fun to get rid of. John Gilgod, as the eminent rational Earl whose intelligence (though accompanied by corruption) allows him to calculate the precise way in which he can make sure that Joan is burned to the test and bring Pierre Cochon of Anton and Brock a three-dimensional image of this intelligent theologian. Joan will give the fair trial you will certainly find guilty. Richard Widmark as a Dauphin is a true revelation. Contrary to the choice you will ever find, Widmark, France's future weak ruler, is portrayed in a frenzied and obscure caricature as close as possible to this film. A comedy show seems like a tradition to Jerry Lewis more than just a future ruler of France. <br /> <br /> The Black and White photographer of St. John's, the cinematographer is George Bernal, who worked with René Clare and "The Life and Death of Colonel Blumbe" in color. It is completely restricted to emphasize the rational intellectual atmosphere of this film. Preming preference for tracking footage from long shots without interruption is the key to the effectiveness of the film, there is no sense of movement lost anywhere in the scene. <br /> <br /> It also refers to the trend of most Preminger maturing (and the most neglected period) its focus on conflict between the individuals and institutions in which they work, how the institution works and how the individual behaves according to his principles. These subjects have the most direct factor in his film and, as always, he keeps things unexpected and finds no answers in black and white. This is one of his best and most effective films.
