Fräulein Doktor is a good example of how the Western European film industry has retreated in the last 40 years. Then, in the late 1960s, while Hollywood's big studios were on ropes, Italy, France and England were showing films to fill the void left by Hollywood's decline. There were pictures of James Bond (Doctor No was a successful surprise in the United States, first released in New York City's Century Theater series at a 99 cents premium) and Clint Eastwood Western noodles (with Fistful of Dollars Never for Italian producers a dime) and French crime films that usually go to art houses, with exceptions like The Sicilian Clan. There was European co-production such as Doctor Zhivago, and of course Fräulein Doktor. Due to its huge budget for this time, and the global talent involved, Fräulein Doktor was good enough that viewers still remember the film decades later. <br /> <br /> Kenneth Moore, playing the role of a British intelligence officer, has a line at Fräulein Doktor where he tells a spy caught either talking or he will play the wall game. The wall is facing a shooting squad, with little chance for the spy to win the game. This kind of satire played well across national boundaries in the Vietnam War of 1969. <br /> <br /> Perhaps the lively scenes between Suzy Kendall and Capocini did not see the chances of these artists getting parts in Hollywood movies, which were studios Hollywood is abandoning its distribution and production business abroad. Fox no longer shares films like The Sicilian Clan, and Columbia will not distribute films such as Belmondo's The Night Caller. MGM went further, cutting almost all film productions, selling its series of theaters in India for the value of underground land and unloading its studio Borehamwood where Kerkorian looted the studio to raise money to build a casinos in Las Vegas (where Bally sold the gift shop in Casino MGM memorabilia at giveaway prices, and the remaining objects from auction MGM storages auction). <br /> <br /> Paramount distributed Fräulein Doktor, but Charles Blodhorn of Gulf and Western, who seized and packaged the company, boarded the old studio, emptied the studio library to Universal (as I recall) and became interested in the films after the president Production Robert Evans in achieving success one by one. But that was in the 1970s. Fräulein Doktor was buried with his lesbian view, with transcripts of the film appearing on local stations during the 1980s. <br /> <br /> Kenneth Moore was usually portrayed as a humble man when he was older, especially in the BBC detective series Father Brown. When he was younger, as in the British Titanic, he played the role of a British officer in custody. In Fräulein Doktor, he had a chance to be much harder than usual, as I remember. It would be good to know whether my memory in this film is accurate, about his role, and of course, these cavalry horses who wore gas masks and protective covers while riding in battle. This was a scene, and Alberto Latwada showed that he was a way out, where he made the film of the spy film in the First World War, where the money spent on the values ​​of production on the screen.
