EL MAR is a hard, strong, brilliant, courageous work of cinematic art. Director Agusti Villaronga, with Anthony Allawi and Bill Mesqueda of Play Bonnet, created a film that traces the profound effects of war on children's minds and how this exposure destroys the mess in adult life. Although the focus is on the heinous tattoo of war on children, the transition to similar effects on soldiers and citizens in adulthood is evident. This film becomes one of the best anti-war documents without recourse to publications: the end result has a much greater impact because of its inherent story in the wake of the children's march towards adulthood. <br /> <br /> A small group of children are being shown in the Spanish Civil War in Spain, threatening to blackout and slay citizens during the night. Ramala (Nello Moore), Tor (David Lozano), Julia (Sergey Moreno) and Francesca (Victoria Viger) witness the horror of the murder of men and the revenge that leads to murder and suicide. These large-eyed children become adults and carry all the mental illnesses and psychological trauma that are suppressed in their minds. <br /> <br /> Then we face the three who survived in adulthood where they are all confined to the TB clinic. Ramala (Roger Casamagor) survived as a male prostitute, protected by "John" Morel (Julie Mira), and kept his lifestyle special. Tor (Bruno Bergonese) has become a weak homosexual sexually exposed, and his cover is his commitment to Catholicism and obliterating the self-delusion / illusion. Francesca (Antonia Torinese) became a nun and served patients at the sanatorium. All three are re-linked to their environment at the clinic, and each slowly discovers the scars of their childhood experiences in the war. Tor longs for the love of Ramala, and Ramala longs for freedom from Morel, and Francesca must face her own inner needs, which are usually covered by her white monk. <br /> <br /> The spa clinic provides a graphical plane where the thin line is played between life and death, between lust and love, and between devotion and destruction. For more details, the impact of the film on the individual performer will be destroyed, but suffice it to say that the sex and the complete nudity are involved (in some of the most surprising footage after taking the film) and the viewer must be prepared to watch every form of brutality imaginable. These scenes are of utmost importance to this viewer and Director Villaronga deserves praise for his perseverance and courage in making this story intense. Actors, as children and adults alike, are wonderful: Roger Casamor, Bruno Bergonese and Antonia Torres are particularly adept at very difficult roles. Serves the vision of film director Jaime Percola and the stunning musical result of Javier Navarrete. This is a tough film, but it is a highly recommended film for those who are not afraid to face the horrors of war and beyond. In Spanish with a translation into English. <br /> <br /> Grady Harp
