A series of Leslie Charters novels about the slightly shadowed Simon Templar's adventures ("St.") were shown on screen in the late 1930s with the appearance of George Sanders and his acting. It was a fine choice - Sanders often played the bad guys with "nice roles" from time to time (fololiott in FOREIGN CORRESPONDENCE, the title hero of The Strange Case of UNCLE HARRY, Robert Montgomery's Best Friend at RAGE IN HEAVEN). Here his willingness to disobey the rules and break the law briefly fits his "heavy personality", while his good looks and gentle behavior made Templer a suitable shady hero like Chester Morris, "Boston Blackie" and (to a certain extent) Peter Laurie "Mr. <br /> <br /> Movies are not the best series of mysterious movie series - but they are serviceable. Such as the Rathbone's Holmes series or the Oland's Chan series, often had actors who repeat roles or play new roles (the actress in the film played the role of Wendy Barrie, who will appear in a second film in the series). This, and the familiar little movie sets make the serial a comfortable experience for viewers, who hear the fuss of the dialogue (always showing Sanders minds keep the progress of the bad guys one step), without referring to the obvious flaws of the scheme. All of these puzzles have drawbacks due to the fact that even the best writers of the genre can not avoid repeating old ideas again and again. <br /> <br /> Here was the moment when this happened when one of the actors recognized his passion for Barry, which was long informed. After a while he tries to protect her from the police. But when the film took on the identity of the criminal mastermind, it became clear that this person had become so noble that he deserved to be the mysterious mastermind (that is, the text disguised as a less likely suspect). Barry after proving that her father (who died in prison) was surrounded by real criminals in the robbery ring. She has many people who help her - cups like William Gargan - and get advice from the mastermind to plan for embarrassing robberies that can not be hung on them. Da. Who was convicted of her father (Jerome Kwan) determined to get Barry and her gang. The only investigator who appears to have a chance to resolve the case is Jonathan Hill, who shines Sanders but works with him reluctantly. <br /> <br /> The staff has some nice moments in the script - Hill (now on a special diet) tends to have a rich cancer dinner prepared for Sanders by Willie Best. Suffered from stomach upset as a result, enabling Sanders and Barry to escape Sanders' apartment. Best should remind him (when he feels better) to go to a site Sanders has told him to go to at a certain time. <br /> <br /> There is also an interesting role for Gilbert Emery. Well-respected people (such as the battered husband in a film between the two worlds) often play a socially weak role here - whose death is reminiscent of a character in Bogart. <br /> <br /> Generally a good-made movie for the second half of the movie house bill in 1939. It will entertain you even if it does not remain in your memory.
