"Gespenster" The issue of being cool in German cinema <br /> <br /> There has not been a lot of German films in the past ten years, which made me very interested. Yes, the problem of most German films is in the movie "Gespenster" too. It is in some places to be well cooked. The special figure from Tony (Sabine Temino) is very cool. But this is always the case in German films. Everyone must learn this coolneß - it is realism in these films. This is difficult to understand. But in this case it makes sense, because she is stealing and lying - she's the kind of girl you'd never love, because you lose her. This is not clear to the other girl Nina in this film. She loves her - and she will lose her. But Nina lost everything. You will play with a soft emotion and a sense of sadness. There is no way - but you must take it Herbert Atterbosch for twenty years. This often happens in German films. why? Nina (Julia Hummer) is not within the laws of the community - outside - and has no chance. Do not try these movies everywhere to give them a part of the inside. This is one of the problems - stupid break with conventions - criminal charm. Throw it away - you did not go anywhere! But the actress plays this very difficult part interesting. On the other side - there are parents - who are the necklace of the two girls. They have a car - a hotel suite - they have money and live in the world with opera music. But the film always stands somewhere. There is not much explanation for them. <br /> <br /> In the middle of this film, there is one scene that you will never forget. The two girls got poured. There they must say how they find together. In this scene Tony will lay on. She said it was a wonderful story that had nothing to do with it. Then Nina will tell the truth. She said that in a way of introversion. There is no gallery in it. She looked down and said what would happen here. This is a great moment. In the next scene in a concert with red pictures, this feeling continues - more than Tony goes ... <br /> <br /> Well, the movie will end - in the German way in coolneß - garbage - here the circle of sadness closes. But there was a moment - where something else was happening - and this was an important moment. It's more than the German coolneß - and these moments are rare in German cinema at this time!
