"Gespenster" (2005), along with "Yella" (2007) and "Jerichow" (2008), the Gespenster trio by Christian Bezold, undoubtedly one of the German directors in the film creme-de-la-creme. <br /> <br /> The story of Gespenster tells the story of a French woman who kidnapped her daughter when she was 3 years old while the mother was circling her head for a minute in Berlin - never seen before. Since then, the mother continues to travel to Berlin whenever there is a possibility and inspection, through extended photography time, for girls at the age of the present age. As we later heard in the film, the mother was very much convinced that she had found her daughter Mary. However, this time, when you meet Nina, everything is completely different. <br /> <br /> The film does not offer solutions, not even partial solutions, which is somewhat disappointing. We do not prepare either to determine whether the mother is really crazy or not, whether her real daughter is still alive or not. The most disappointing is the end. After what we have seen in the film, it is presumed that the viewer is allowed alone because the operator leaves Nina alone. A simple walk that symbolizes nothing changes can have a powerful effect on drama (for example, in "Umberto D."), but in "Gespenster", it has been removed. <br /> <br /> Since critics have suggested Freudian motives in this film, let me try my own try: Why do not people like each other know, especially people who know a similar person? This is a completely insane question, agreed upon, from the point of view of Aristotelian logic, which is provided by the idea of ​​the individual. An individual is such a person that no one shares his characteristic characteristics. Therefore, the Aristotelian answer to my question is: They do not know each other because their similarity is through pure change. Everyone is not crazy, thinks so. However, what about the situation if these similar persons share other similarities that are difficult to change, for example scarves to their left under the ankle or a heart-shaped marker under the right shoulder blade? This is the metaphysical context from which this film was made, although I am not sure whether the director has realized it. In spite of our modern, Aristotelian world, myths, preserved in the legends of people all over the world, and shared by people are also similar parts of their individual personality, so individualism is not strange, but pervasive, so that the boundaries between people are open, These and similar ideas are the powerful backbone of the irrational doctrine despite our strong rational thinking - the source of Gespenster's most interesting genre.
