I am always surprised at how often you will see something about World War 2 on German national television. You think they do not like to open old wounds, but a week without a documentary or a movie did not pass about the horror of this war and its horrors. Maybe it's a way of dealing with their past, I do not know, but you certainly can not blame them for ignoring what happened. It must be said that most of these documentaries are really worth watching because they never try to overlook the truth and the same can be said about their films (think, for example, in "Der Untergang" or "The Downfall" and you may now) which are also very realistic. <br /> <br /> One of these films is "Rosenstrasse". He tells a real story about the subject of mixed marriages during the war, although the film begins with a family in the United States, at present. After Hannah's father's death, her mother suddenly turned into an Orthodox Jew even though she was not religious before. She does not know where her mother's strange behavior comes from, but when she begins digging in her troubled childhood, Hannah realizes how little she knew about her mother's past. <br /> <br /> The fact that this film deals with mixed marriages during the Nazi regime is indeed amazing. To my knowledge, there was no other film dealing with this subject. (For those who did not know yet: being married to a pure Aryan man or woman meant to many Jews that they were not immediately sent to a concentration camp, but had to work in a factory). But it tells us nothing about the problems of mixed marriages, but it gives a good idea of ​​how these people are often seen by their parents. How often it was difficult for them during the Nazi regime and how these people, most of them women, did everything in their power to free their men, once they were arrested and imprisoned, for example in Rosenstrasse ... <br /> <br /> Good representation Really and the story is well written, although the way I made it at first did not really do it for me (that's exactly the only part you'll see in the trailer). Maybe I'm just, but I was going to rule out a big part of what's happening right now. At least part of the United States, because the part that Hannah goes to Berlin and speaks to someone who knows more about her mother's past, certainly works. <br /> <br /> If you're interested in everything related to World War II, and if you're not necessarily looking for a lot of motion footage, it's definitely a movie you should watch. This is not a movie where you'll see any battles or gun battles, but it's certainly an interesting film, because it gives you an idea of ​​a little bit of war. Give it 8/10.
