At Rosenstrasse, Margarethe von Trotta blends two stories to create a vibrant fabric of love and courage. The film depicts a family drama of separation between mother and daughter, and the story of German women who staged a protest against Rosenstrasse to free their Jewish husbands from genocide. In addition to dramatizing historical events, the focus of the film is on saving a child from the Holocaust by a German and as a result of the child's experience of losing her mother. While von Trotta explains that the courage of a small number of Germans has made a difference, she does not use them to excite German society. In fact, it shows how the rich and educated artists of German society continued to suffer torture and extermination in their lives and parties, oblivious to suffering. <br /> <br /> Rosenstrasse opens in New York as the Jewish widow of Ruth Weinstein (Jota Lamb) who decides to sit in Shiva, a seven-day mourning period, to be held after a funeral in which Jewish family members devote full attention to remembering and mourning the deceased. When her daughter Hanna (Maria Schroeder) is forbidden to receive phone calls from her fiancé, Fedja van Huet, who is not Jewish, Hannah wonders why her mother suddenly decided to follow an Orthodox tradition that she had previously rejected. When her uncle Ruth coldly refuses, Hannah interrogates her and learns about a woman named Lena. Ruth was taken in her childhood when her mother was deported by the Nazis. She vowed to find Lena and discover the mystery of her mother's past. . <br /> <br /> Her quest for Berlin, where Lena (Doris Shade), now 90, is being interviewed on the pretext that she is a journalist looking into certain aspects of the Holocaust. Lena remembers her unshakable story of how she, as a young 33-year-old girl (Katja Riemann), searched for her husband, the Jewish pianist Fabian Israel Fisher (Martin Feifel), who disappeared and was held in prison despite the protection traditionally given to Jews in mixed marriages . Lina, in a famous show of Riemann, discovers that her husband and other Jews are being held in jails in a former factory in Rosenstrasse. <br /> <br /> German women who miss their wives at night stand frozen. Outside the building, their numbers increase every day until they reach a thousand people chanting "we have prepared for our husbands". Lena finds Ruth (Svia Lohdi), a little girl and her mother in the building. She takes care of her, protects her from the Gestapo and raises her after her mother's death. Lina comes from an aristocratic German family and her brother, who recently returned from Stalingrad, is the officer of Fermacht. After refusing to help her father to free Fabian, she inhales the help of her brother, who tells his fellow officer, "I know what they are doing to the Jews. Because of his support, she is bold enough to go beyond the channels and go to the top where her beauty and charm prove irresistible to the culture minister Joseph Goebbels, a well-known female member. While this fictional part of the film was criticized as offensive to the demonstrators, it is historical fact that Goebbels was very active in making decisions affecting Rosenstrasse. <br /> <br /> Director Margaret von Truta, activist, feminist, and intellectual, is not a stranger to political drama. She directed a film about socialism Rosa Luxemburg, Marianne and Julian, a story about the relationship between two sisters, one resorting to political violence to achieve its liberal goals. In the film Rosenstrasse, which she worked on for eight years, she was forced to compromise, adding the fictional element for the time being to produce her film. Being well served is a tribute to the art of Ms. Truta and the beautiful film of Pamela Katz whose father was a refugee from Leipzig. Events in Rosenstrasse give the lie to the Germans, who say, "There was nothing we could do." Now von Truta has shown that the opposite is true, and that something can be done to resist the Nazis. It is tragic that the example did not catch.
