I do not think that many films (especially comedy) have added an unforgettable dialogue, such as MOONSTRUKK. I will not make that clear - you can see a very long list of quotes on this thread - but any film that can make things like defending the use of expensive copper pipes instead of brass for plumbing in an unforgettable dialogue is amazing to me. It is not the only line that emerges and imprints on our memory. What about a restaurant waiter who regrets the planned marriage proposal because it would mean losing the old bachelor client? Or a gentle old dog fancier who encourages his pack to whine on the moon? Or Perry (John Mahoney) described the promise of the young student as "Moonlight in Martini" (my favorite line). <br /> <br /> Monster is a wonderful example of the wonderful text and first-class direction and good cast band that fits perfectly. There are other examples (THE THE OX-BOW INCIDENT is another example, but a dismal example). Cher, Olympia Dukes, Vincent Gardinia, Nicolas Cage, John Mahoney and Danny Aylo all share in the intrigues and cross purposes that study the nature of love and how to deal with it. Is it good to be in love completely? Sher and Cage, in the end, seem to think so, but Dukakis knows that true love drives the individual to madness (and Cage gets a glimpse of that, too, when he and Cher argue outside his home after returning from the opera La Boheme). Is infidelity by men means to avoid death ideas. Dukakis believes that, and (strange - though not quite convinced) Ailo. Dukakis realizes that Gardina's strange behavior is linked to non-treachery, and that Sher literally stumbles on Gardinia and his girlfriend in the opera (but Gardenia also stumbles on a treachery resembling Illo). But the coincidence also causes misunderstanding: Fyodor Chalabin stumbled upon Dukakis She walks with John Mahoney and believes she has an affair. <br /> <br /> There are nice little moments in the movie as well. Note Cher about the flowers that lead to one receipt. I heard the argument in the liquor store and it's the decision. But the best is the sequence of Louis Goss, Julie Povaso Kum, Omar Sheer, Raymond and Rita Capoumagi and Rita's charming gentle comment on Raymond about the impact of moonlight on him. It is the sweetest moment in the entire film. <br /> <br /> It's close to a flawless movie. Having seen it more than a dozen times in many years, I can only find two points that do not seem as smooth as they should be. When Cher is at Cage Bakery, Chrissy assistant (Nada Despotovich) mentions how she secretly liked Cage, but he was afraid to tell him. Earlier she was a bit snatched towards Sher, who put her in place quickly. However, it seems that nothing has been done with this potential competition. At the same time, the fact that Cher is forgetting to deposit her uncle's profits and daily business in the final moments of the seven-minute film is brought up - but it dropped as quickly. Were there supposed to be some plot lines that were dropped, along with one about Sher and Vincent Gardenia working in a shelter for a homeless man like a kaffara? It's a small inconvenience, but I think it depends only on the desire to see more of this film because it is very good.
