Bittersweet in this film contains a wonderful element of romance that excites a reckless passion! Moonstruck's idealistic image characteristics spur the final result of a superb verdict from every prominent critic in Hollywood. Let me describe the circumstances of this film, simply, as "old." "Moonstruck" is a coherent film that evokes the naivete of an old Italian neighborhood in New York City. New York City has always been a melting pot stimulated by many similar behaviors that characterize New Yorkers, including many Italian Americans living in New York too! The mid- and late-1980s ended with the abrupt conclusion of many powerful associations with different cultural stereotypes. Ethnic polarization was a deep-rooted disaster in American history that had been more prevalent for several generations before the production of this film. These circular tendencies still exist today, however, they are more calming and less identified! For this Italian family dating back to the past, confusion, reluctance, enthusiasm, and yes, of course, all have the intimate friendship of a full human understanding! It seems that the morale with everyone in "Moonstruck" is to understand individual fragility. One might wonder about Cher's leading role, because she is more well-known than the star of the big box office boxer in a movie. At "Moonstruck", however, I think it was incredibly suitable for its role and reached a good endorsement in a relatively unbelievable position. All the characters in "Moonstruck" are very stiff around the edges, really tough, and do not be afraid to have a huge duel with adversity. The hilarious aspect of their lives is the shortage, they are fully aware of the fact that weathering the storm definitely serves the building goal! I thought acting in this film was exciting. All the relationships in this film have the potential to illuminate everyone clearly because everyone knows what the basic nature of anyone else looks like !! For this family, there is nothing magical, nothing is romantically thoughtful, and nothing is too emotional (just mild). The fact is that this entire family is clearly and permanently suffering and overcome by Cupid, who is very excited and frank throughout their lives. Taking moonlight literally can have an impressive effect on one's determination, ambiguous mystery, and resistance to homosexuality. Which shows everything !! The Creed of Mercury in this film is essentially one of; Be candid, angry; Be candid, get confrontation. Be frank, be deformed and confirmed; most important; be frank, and love in love !! This is the best performance for all evil as an actress !! Nicolas Cage, Danny Aylo and Olympia Dukakis were superbly flawed in the movie "Moonstruck." Such performances were perfectly suited to the kinetic energy of the characters in this film! Director Norman Jayson (best known for "Cincinnati Kid", "Thomas Crown Avery," and most famously for "In the Heat of the Night," which won the Academy Award for Best Picture in 1967) depicts many powerful and human instincts in the process of providing intentional contrast to this film! I'm an Italian-American slope, anyway, not Cher Italy, and in this regard, neither the writer nor the director! I think non-Italians like to eat our food, and they may also use our culture to make a great movie too! It's refreshing to know that the movie can be wonderful and has an incredibly happy ending !! For those of you who did not like this movie, I have only one thing to say "Snap Out Of It !!" This movie "Moonstruck" is very happy, lucky! Eighties completely! And five stars completely! Look!
