Loretta Castorini (referring) is a woman in her late thirties, a widow living with her parents in a duplex apartment in Brooklyn. She is engaged in the marriage of Johnny Camarre (Danny Aylo), a gentle man, more than his duty of leaving the actual love. Before their wedding, Johnny makes a trip to visit his sick mother and leaves Loretta playing the olive leaf with his brother Rooney by informing him of their imminent wedding. Ronnie (Nicolas Cage) Johnny is not forgiven for being the cause of his accident that caused him to lose his hand (and then, his bride at that time), but he drops Loretta, and it is hard for him to do so. After a hot relationship Loretta is motivated by respect for Johnny trying to avoid Ronnie, but his dark and masculine looks overwhelm her. At the same time, Loretta's mother, Rose Castorini (Olympia Dukakis), has no doubt that her husband Cosmo (Vincent Gardinia) sees another woman, but is also admired by a university professor and wonders why men chase women. Things get complicated when Johnny returns from Sicily to tell Loretta that they can not get married. <br /> <br /> Setup is a sitcom, but the story, written by John Patrick Chanley with a deep understanding of the lives of Italian Americans in New York, is real: it gets the peculiarities of these people and their daily weaknesses and quirks, In fundamental moments throughout the story. Loretta, a character hardened by losing her husband and knowing that her chances of happiness are slim, slowly emerges as a woman swept away by the sudden recognition of love that has become the heroine of La Boheme - the person who recognizes love for a man with a wooden hand (in a clever sex reflection) She developed and mastered her skillful style with her deep dark beauty. Rooney is an exclusive fire and Nicholas Cage exudes the power of the masculine as if he were directing Marlon Brando. Castorini's and Cappomaggi express their balance to the two main couples, expressing their love for each other at very critical moments: the last couple, on the night of the full moon when Loretta and Ronnie complete their relationship - a rare scene depicting love and intimacy between the elderly - and the first at a tense moment because of Breakfast When Rose frankly reveals, in touching words, she wants Cosmo to stop seeing his mistress Mona (Anita Gillette). <br /> <br /> MOONSTRUKK is not only a romantic comedy film and favorite history, but also a beautiful examination of love and passion among ordinary people. The end is a force of emotional impact, and the family situation goes beyond the instantaneous complications of fixing it in the tradition of immigrant days, a film that takes the film from another sensational film to a classic film. MOONSTRUKK has won the Oscars for Best Actress, Actress and Supporting, and has demonstrated its growth beyond its time.
