I saw Heartland when it was first released in 1980 and I just saw it again. It improves with age. Heartland is not just for "independent" film lovers. While most American films are more than just a cynical attempt to make money with CGI, fireworks, and / or vulgarity, Heartland carries a slice of American history. It is also a reminder that most of us are modern Americans. <br /> <br /> Nothing in this movie is exaggerated or sophisticated. No one is making any Hollywood speeches. Actors really inhabit their roles. This sounds like a "small" movie, but it is bigger than millions of dollars in Hollywood productions. <br /> <br /> The film depends on the lives of real people. In 1910, Eleanor Randall (Conkata Verrell, who did nothing better than that), a widow with her 7-year-old daughter, Megan Folsom, lives in Denver but wants more opportunities. She announces the position of housekeeper. The ad was answered by Clyde Stewart (one of our most esteemed representatives), a Scottish cattle breeder, himself widowed, with a house outside Burnt Fork, Wyoming. Elinor accepts this position (seven dollars a week!) And moves to Wyoming with her daughter. She and her daughter move to Stewart's small house in the residence. It is an unspoiled sandy area, a place of endless scenes where silence only breaks the sounds of these people and their animals. It is a substance to make a person feel small. The three characters go for long periods without seeing another human spirit. Worse still, Stuart is so silent that he is almost silent. "I can not talk to a man," Elinor complains to Grandma Landauer. "You learn better before winter," replies Grandma. Grandma (Lilia Scala) is one of only two characters that are seen more than passing. She went to Wyoming from Germany with her husband many years ago and now runs her own farm now that she has become a widow. Grandma is the nearest neighbor to them (and the local midwife) and still live ten miles away! The other supporting character is Jack the hired hand (Barry Primus). <br /> <br /> The routine of Elinore (and her employer) is an endless hard work, where there are no modern conveniences and where everything must be done, fixed or done by hand. This is the true flesh of the film: watching the normal life of these breeders as they struggle against nature to extract a living from the earth. But despite the hard work and exhaustion, Elinor is always looking for other opportunities. I learned that the device next to Stuart was unclaimed. Absently, a claim is made on the property (twelve dollars, or nearly two weeks of pay!), Meaning that if they live on it (and must actually live there) and work for ten years, you'll get the act done for it. Of course, Stuart learns what she has done. With harsh logic, indicates that it has neither money nor wealth nor credit nor assets, and has no chance of success. Then offers a solution: proposes marriage. Elinor realizes that this is the only real alternative, and he accepts. <br /> <br /> We believe that Stuart Machiavelli's proposal is purely --- he wants land and free action --- but we see it, in fact, that he is really fond of Illor, and they grow together as a couple. Clyde travels for hours on horseback through the storm ten miles to the grandmother and ten miles to announce that the grandmother was not there. This is more like real life than it is nice, people. Elinor has the baby herself without any help at all. Their son is still an infant when he gets sick and dies. They lose half of their cattle in the wintry winter. They struggle on. The final sequence in the film is supposed to be optimistic: the birth of the calf. Clyde calls Elinor urgently to help him connect the calf. Instead of being in the foreground first, the calf is in a presentation outside. He and Eleanor must pull the calf out of the birth canal. There is no CGI, animation, trick, baked goods or special effects: what you see is what happened, people: a wheel is born on a straw bed in a wooden shed in the light of the lamp. However, the film does not end very much as it simply stops, making the viewer unhappy, but after a while appreciates the entire film, not just to end it. <br /> <br /> This small gem rewards patience and thought. It will be long after most of the last generation films have been forgotten.
