Usually I am a sucker for romantic films that are well shot. This is a romantic film that was identified in Italy in the 17th century, but was filmed in French with a translation into English. The fact that the film period means that it will inevitably be the slowest pace of films that are set in the modern day era, so it will carry some. If you can overlook this fact, it is actually a really good movie. Beautiful scenes, fashion and cinematography are beautiful, and the actors and actors are very convincing in their portrayal, anticipating the intensity of the emotions in the plot. The story is like a sad love story with an unhappy ending. It is easy to believe that this is an accurate portrayal of the characters of real life. Although the main characters and the storyline were really touched, I decided to check the story and discovered that the main theme of the story - a sad love story unfinished - was entirely fabricated. <br /> <br /> In real life, Artemisia was raped by Tassie at first, rather than willingly bowing to his advances as the film. She continued her sexual relations with him only because he repeatedly promised and married her. When they were in court, * * pleaded not guilty to compassionate rape because Artemisia was tortured (unlike the film). In fact, he tried to portray Artemisia as an uneducated, heterogeneous, sexually unsatisfied woman. In the film, his sister in court testified that Tassi had a wife and had sexual relations with his sister's husband, and that Tassie's character was constantly showing that his sister was distorting him about his alleged relationship with his wife's sister (although he admits to having a wife in Florence). Needless to say, in fact it was not at all. In fact, far from them. Tassi was really responsible for the planned murder of his wife, who was born of rape. In addition, Tassie already had sexual relations with his wife's sister, which led to her being impregnated in the process, but all this was not reciprocal - again, he had raped his wife's sister before. <br /> <br /> So far we have a clear picture of the real Tassi as a perpetrator of multiple sexual crimes, what do we make of filming Artemisia for him as a lover? We take it as an attempt to transform this film into a romantic film ... that this film has never been historically accurate ... Apart from these points we have just mentioned, there were other historical errors such as its interpretation of Artemisia (in real life, In Tussie's drawing style, and was actually considered a much better painter than Tassie ever.) There is still one real thing that Artemisia Gentile was the first woman painter in history, and although her mastery of the arts rivaled many of her male peers, Always have difficulty getting enough credit for her work because of her sex as a woman, at Atalia in the seventeenth century. <br /> <br /> Enjoy this movie for its own sake, because it is a good romantic drama, but take its historical references with a grain of salt.
