Jialo solid rock from the main director of this genre, Sergio Martino. This terrifying puzzle, designed from Ernesto Gistaldi's great screenplay, often develops wonderful variations to the wonderful end that most of them may not see coming through the film. When everything falls into place we can go, "Ah .." The film revolves around the death of a husband (.. in an airplane explosion) and the million dollars that the wife gets. There are those who have a great interest in this money, one in particular being the mistress of the dead man. The wife is Lisa (Ida Ghali) and the mistress who demands half the money is Lara (Janine Reno). She told Lisa that she knew the death had been arranged for insurance money. Lara says she will use her "lawyer", Cherif (Luis Barbot) to get the money. Indeed, the film produces two suspects in Lisa's murder that waited for someone in Tokyo. George Hilton pictures Peter Lynch. Peter works in a verification company with those who acquire the inheritance to see if the payday has been collected by suspicious means. When, on his watch, Lisa is killed by a man wearing black-toed-to-toe clothes in her hotel room, he is probably the suspect. Decides to investigate himself, while Inspector Stavros (Luigi Pestelli) and INTERPOL agent Benton (Tom Village) are also helping to find a killer. The killer beats several times and eliminates anyone who is about the missing one million dollars seized by the person responsible for Lisa's death. Soon, the film follows a journalist called Clio DuPont (the delicious Anita Strindberg and Philatelic) as she and Peter meet at a dinner where she can sniff out anything that might break her story. They soon fall in deep love, but it seems that anyone approaching Peter is killed. Soon someone attacks Clio for murder, prompting the investigation into more unknown territory. Why would anyone want to harm my journalist without any real facts to harm the killing that kills people. <br /> <br /> This Jialo is very intelligent and very fun. The film is never calming, which is very cool, as much happens, leaving the issue of the murderer's identity open. This film follows the path of the Gialli by cutting the knife because of a certain pattern taken by the killer (throat and lower trunk). The film wraps up all the loose ends of the complex and very satisfying. The film contains some unique camera angles, but delivers the goods in terms of plot command and puzzle execution.
