Sergio Martino recently liked Clicier Giallo, "the strange deputy of Warda" and the unforgettable title, "Your deputy is a closed room and I only have the key" - but still, I did not expect much from this film. The Case of the Scorpion's Tail is not mentioned in the above titles when it comes to the classic Giallo discussion - but I do not know why, because this is at least as good as the two. Dario Argento may be the "king" of Giallo, but with the five films he made - Sergio Martino certainly not far off. In some respects, it even surpasses the master. All Martino movies were released before the jewel in the magnificent Argento, Profondo Rosso crown, so in the early seventies - Martino was the king! The plot follows here the idea of ​​killing for profit, tracking the payment of compensation from a rich man. His wife inherits $ 1 million. It was not long before people got out of her blood when she died shortly afterwards. <br /> <br /> The scorpion's tail case may not benefit from Edwige Fenech's beautiful, but she has two collaborators with Martino on board. The most famous is George Hilton, who worked with Marino in The Strange Vice of Ms.. Wardh and All the Colors of the Dark, along with a number of other Giallos. Hilton enjoys a wonderful presence on the screen, and every time I see it in an Italian film; it becomes clear why it is cast over and over again. The beautiful star Anita Strindberg, to be remembered by Your Vice's Locked Room, plays a role next to the Hilton and offers an excellent female lead Giallo. Sergio Martino works well in the director's chair again, with many beautiful scenes - the best thing in a room flooded with green light! The result scored by Bruno Nicholai (Wardh) sets the mood perfectly, but the scenario is, again, the driving force behind Martino's success. Ernesto Gastaldi, the writer in the other four Giallo of Martino, set an exciting scenario while moving away from the meaningless Giallo stalemate; thus releasing this film from the rest of this illogical kind. The Case of the Scorpion's Tail is the high-quality Giallo film, and another success for the wonderful Sergio Martino. If you love Giallo, you'll love this!
