Sergio Martino, The Case of the Scorpion Viel, is a spectacularly beautiful Gilo from the early 1970s. An airplane explosion produces $ 1 million of insurance money for an unfaithful bereaved wife. The money is then obtained by a murderer dressed in black and followed by a series of brutal murders. <br /> <br /> Scorpion's Tail plays the mysterious element, written by Giallo's specialist, Ernesto Gastaldi, to some extent. But being a giallo, the murders themselves are memorable and good. In fact, the violence in this film is very strong in places - a scene with a broken bottle being particularly sketchy. The emphasis on violence undoubtedly affects Giallo's type of transition to more extreme areas. But like the best films in this genre, the brutality is well compensated and the photography is attractive. Bruno Nikolai's music sometimes reminds us of the avant-garde work of Inio Moricon in The Bird with the Crystal Plumage, but also powerful in itself. Photography has helped through the good use of foreign languages ​​- in this case London and Athens - where Martino is able to enter, respectively, the Houses of Parliament and Acropolis! There is also some creative work for the camera, and the most effective is the use of slow motion in the sequence where the woman runs towards the door where the mania wanders out. In this particular scene, Martino penetrated the murderer through the door with a knife in a manner influenced by the painting of the painting by Dario Argentino. However, the murderer also tried to open the latch with a knife blade, which is later repeated by Argentino in Sospria. Martino, therefore, is influential. <br /> <br /> This is a good strong giallo that fans of both sex and fans can appreciate. The displays are good and the production values ​​are fine (although the plane blast is, say, a fairly low budget!). The release of DVD by NoShame is nice. It has both English and Italian options which are a real bonus. However, it should be noted that sometimes you need to be a quick reader to fully appreciate the English translation option. This applies to both film and documentary additions. This is a minor point, however, the DVD version is a good addition to any giallo collection.
