Sergio Martino is a great director who has contributed a great deal to Italian cinema. As far as I can see, his car from the 1970s is one of the most indisputable points in his impressive repertoire. "No Coda Delo Scorpio" is known as. The Scorpio Scorpion Case of 1971 is one of these impressive films contributed by Martino in the most novel Italian horror genre, another proof that man is the master of atmosphere, elegance and suspense. My favorite character in the films of Martino, which I have seen so far, is "Your Cabin is Closed and I Have the Key" (1972), followed by Torso (1973) and The Strange Vice of Mrs Wardh (1971) However, this is a purely personal affair, because "La Coda Dello Scorpione" is an excellent film that is both necessary for all Italian horror cinema fans and the thrill of the film. <br /> <br /> The film, which offers suspense The puzzler from the beginning has a complex and bold conspiracy beginning with the mysterious disappearance of a millionaire who died in a plane crash.Investigator Peter Lynch (George Hilton) is appointed to verify the conditions that pay the insurance company Which is due to pay a large sum to the wife of the deceased man Shortly after Lynch began the investigation, a person was brutally murdered, just the beginning of a series of killings ... <br /> <br /> "The Case of the Scorpion's Tail" Excellent progress all the wonderful elements Giallo needs.Stillingly fun movie from the start, the result scored by Bruno Nikolai is superb, the plot is beautifully wrapped, and the killer identity is still a mystery to the end. George Hilton, the regular leader in Gialo, once again offers excellent performance in the lead. Sexy Anita Strindberg is extremely charming in female leadership. Including the great Luigi Piestelli, one of the most brilliant characters in Italian cinema in the sixties and seventies, and Alberto de Mendoza, another great actor should be familiar with any lover of Italian cinema. Athena, where most of the film happens, is actually a wonderful place for Giallo. The atmosphere is constantly controlled, great photography, Bruno Nikolai genius degree makes the suspense more acute. Long story short: "La Coda Dello Scorpione" is another excellent Giallo from Sergio Martino, an absolute must see for any sub-type lover! Stylish, impressive, and great in all respects!
