I am really tempted to reward "The Case of the Scorpion's Tail" with a strong rating out of 10 out of 10, but that would be largely because I think Italian horror cinema in the 1970s is much better than the cheese crap I usually see. But even if there is no additional point of nostalgia, this is still a real masterpiece and highly regarded for an excellent crooked story, a strange ambience, bloodthirsty sequences and great casting options. In my humble opinion, this is actually the finest of the finest images of Sergio Martino, and that must mean something, such as "Vice Lady Alien Rose," "All Dark Colors," "The Trunk," and "Your Vice Closed" "Is all the same achievements of the first genre, but this film is just a superior boy with a super-convincing plot about insurance fraud that went madly out of control.After her husband's strange death in a plane crash, Lisa Baumer immediately became the suspicious owner of one million dollars She is anxious to leave the country as soon as possible.Because of the strange circumstances, the insurance company put their best investigator Peter Lynch in the "Lisa becomes a target for many attacks and the case becomes more ambiguous when it turns out that many people are looking for money." I always feel very anxious when I summarize gialli because I do not want to risk abandoning the elements of the basic scheme. of the Scorpion's Tail, "the events take a sudden and completely unexpected turn before the story reaches halfway, and I certainly do not want to destroy this for you.There follows a lot of red herring after that, but Sergio Martino always succeeds in keeping your progress one step, Although it is not 100% satisfactory, however, the IgA It is a surprise at least. It is also a very stylish film, with innovative camera work and excellent music by Bruno Nicolai. The favorite of Giallo's favorite, Edwijn Vinic, did not make the stranger in this film (they are not less than three other Martino Gialli stars), but Anita Strindberg ("Lizard in Women's Skin", "Who Saw Her Death?") Is more than a worthy alternative to her. George Hilton is attractive and reliable as always in his role in the insurance investigator and ?? Doh? Ladies of the luxurious man. If you are a giallo lover, do not wait as long as you do to watch this movie !!!!
