Joan Crawford has just started the stage of "Working Girl Makes Good" with the dynamic "Paid" (1930). Never tried to do this role before and was admired critics. So, while the other actresses were wondering why their careers were stumbling (because they cling to characters who were "in" something a few years ago but are now off), Joan listened to the audience and ensured her longevity as an actress. Depression was here, and the jazz-age children who survived an endless round of concerts were offended. Of course, if you become wealthy through immoral means but you have suffered for that - that was good. <br /> <br /> This movie begins with a wonderful celebration of the boat of the house. Bonnie Jordan (Joan Crawford) is the most popular girl there - especially when she suggests that everyone swim in their underwear !!! However, when Bonnie's father suffers a heart attack, due to losses in the stock market, both Bonnie and her brother Rodney (William Buckwell) are aware of who their true friends are. After Bob Townsend (Lester Vail - Johnny Poor of Johnny Mike Brown) did the "right thing" and married her - they spent a night together when Bonnie announced (with abandon) that she wanted to love when she agreed - start showing some characters by taking Decision to obtain a job. <br /> <br /> She found a job in a newspaper and quickly marveled at her desire to do a good job. Her working friend is Bert Scranton (Cliff Edwards) and together they are tasked with writing about the inner activities of the mob. Rodney also surprises her with news that he also has a job. She is passionate about him but soon realizes that she is a farce and mingles with the cold-blooded killer, Jake Lofa (Clark Gable). Rodney witnesses a group shooting and goes to pieces, "pour beans" to the first person who sees he drinks at the bar - which happens to be Burt. He is then forced to kill Bert and then hides. The newspaper stops stopping in an attempt to find Bert's killer and sends Bonnie as a dancer in a Jake club. (Joan performs the lively dance on "Joe Accordian" - which is of concern to Sylvie). The film ends with a gun battle, and while Rodney dies on death, Bonnie tears in her phone in her story. <br /> <br /> This is a great movie with Crawford and Jable giving them everything. Natalie Moorhead, who shared Sylvie's famous "cigarette scene" with Gabel at the beginning of the film, was another "elegant woman" she had promoted in the early 1930s. William Buckwell was a huge career (he began as a teenager in Douglas Fairbanks' mid-twenties). Many of his roles were weak, weak figures. In this film he played the role of the brother and is completely ignored by Joan Crawford and the new dynamic comedian Clark Jable - perhaps for this reason he never became a star. <br /> <br /> Highly recommended.
