The second film by Abhay Deol, written by Imtiaz Ali, is the first effort directed by Shivam Nair. Suha is likely to play her first role (?) Kamiga, a girl who ran away from home and is waiting at Delhi's marriage registration office to meet her friend Diraj (Cheyenne Munshi) with her. She waited and waited, and finally was spotted as a girl in distress by Ankush (Abhay Deol). They spend a few days together and they get out of one sad state after another and fall in love with her. Then the friend returns! Aage pardey par dekhiye! Sounds familiar? This is another adaptation of Dostoevsky Nights White Nights with little borrowing from Le Notti Bianchi (despite its small size - Vankosh separates the lovers by telling her boyfriend that she has died!). But this will be more heritage and more realistic (than the duh) of the dejected and lively Saawariya. I wonder why no one raised these little gems when we all discussed the bracelet like crazy a few months ago. <br /> <br /> Delhi's settings are wonderful - there is a mandatory jogging across old Delhi, and shots of a mosque from the top of the roof, Connaught Circus, streets with buggies (what? how?). The hotel's color lighting is enough to tell you that this is an unnatural detail with hourly rental rooms! <br /> <br /> The more I see in Abhay, the more I love this young man. In this second film is very good as a lease witness that gave a beautiful woman a purpose in life. Suha looks nice, and when she smiles, she matches the role, but I find it unconvincing at the most dangerous moments. I'm not quite sure she owned it to be a wonderful actress, or maybe she'll bloom late like a brother. Hymesh Rishamaya's music is not great, and in fact the film stumbles on the songs. It breaks the narrative and does not fit well with the characters trying to sing it. The support team is excellent and we give this adjustment to the White Nights a great experience. BTW - The fact that I like the cute dimples of Abhay Deol has nothing to do with my evaluation.
