Ahista Ahista is a wonderful little small one. I started to watch it, and at first I felt a bit bored because speed was slow and the main idea of ​​meeting a lost girl lost was not really new. But as the film progressed, I began to engage increasingly and gradually in the film's brilliant writing and charming romance. The film was very simple and natural, and after a while I felt that I was seeing real documentation of the life of one person. There is a very good reason for the film, which is the new talent called Abhay Deol. It is very convincing, with the gentle, struggling Onkosh, driven by his new love of adjustment and fighting for a better life. During the film, he is presented as a casual savior, but also as a loving and loving person, who, like anyone else, will do anything to protect his love. Deoul depicts all the different colors of his character, whether positive or negative, naturally and easily. <br /> <br /> The direction of Shivam Nair is very good. His portrayal of people's lives in the rural neighborhood is excellent, but what makes him more impressive is his portrayal of Onkosh's relationships with the various people around him, including his friends and his love, which Mega likes to be willing to do anything for. I also loved the way Nair portrayed his interaction with the mother of his loud, plump friend who calls him "free" (my aunt). He likes to drive her crazy and bother her at every occasion, yet we see that she occupies a very special place in his heart and resembles the mother's personality as seen from several scenes. With the exception of Abhay, the cast performed well. Although Suha Ali Khan did not stand out according to me, she was only good and had some of her mother's charm. The actors who played the role of the friends of Onkosh were very good as well as the actress who played the role of Anka in Ankush. <br /> <br /> Apart from the presentations, the writing of the film was great. The dialogues were kind of ordinary but wonderful, and the script was fantastic as well. This is mainly because, although the story is not new, it has not been surpassed or melodramatic and there have been no attempts to make it seem larger than life. The biggest weakness of the film was the uninspired Hamesh Rishamia, which was not suitable for the film. Otherwise, Ahista Ahista was a delightful hour and only improved with every scene. This may not be a new concept, but the film has a new look and is becoming increasingly disturbing over time. The end was sweet and bitter, a kind of sadness and optimism. In short, this movie grows slowly, and can easily be attributed to brilliant writing, moving moments, charming romance, realistic actions, and of course the unforgettable performance of Abhay Deol.
