Melodrama's period is one of Griffith's earliest acts of phobia. People are trapped inside a room throughout his work, and over time, he will become more skilled at portraying their inability and engaging the public in their terror. In the sealed room with an explicit title, there is one major difference in the usual line of land, where there is really no escape. <br /> <br /> Griffith achieves the terrible impact here in two ways. The first is its use of space. While a typical CV may use more than ten sets, the Sealed Room has only two adjacent rooms? The court of the king and the head of the dove that becomes a named tomb. The design of the group is rarely referred to in these shorts, but here is very important. The interior court is large, with a rear indicating deeper depth and showing us a window and stairs. The actors enter and leave different directions, indicating that the room is not only spacious but also free and open. By contrast, the rear wall of the dove is very close to the camera, and its corners, which indicate a hexagonal or octagonal shape, make it appear more restrictive. <br /> <br /> The second technique presented here is the cutting. Anyone who has an interest in Griffith's work is likely to know of its extensive use and development of various sectors to build excitement or tension. Many will also know that in the strict sense it was not his invention. However, what makes Griffiths effective cross sections very effective is how the conflicting images are arranged to complement each other. The sealed room has a good example of what I mean. Characterized by the shots of the masons who change the heavy bricks at a slow pace and step to them, with the construction of tension with the height of the wall. This movement is met with scenes of lovers who are not knowingly happy, as Marion Leonard splits the flowers with flowers one by one. When the couple realizes their predicament, their growing panic is filled with the opposite shot of the king who is savagely crushing his sword against the wall. <br /> <br /> At this point, Griffith was not yet aware that work might increase. Further by inserting a third strand into the cross section. The dramatic "ride to the rescue", which was missed here, later became the record peak for Griffith's images.
