By 1909, the WWW. Griffith was directing films to Biograph Company for almost a year, and ?? Work at a rate of two or three per week? He quickly began to develop his skills as a director of "The Sealed Room" is a very interesting 11-minute story, a wonderful piece of Gothic melodrama that drifts a bit into the world of early horror. The simple story may have been inspired by Edgar Allen Bo's short story of 1846, "The Amontilado's Ark," about a powerful king imagining a delicious sadistic form of revenge to punish his wife's betrayal. <br /> <br /> In the Middle Ages, the "Sealed Room" begins with King Arthur Johnson, who oversees the construction of a windowless room from a pigeon separated. The idea is that he and his wife (Marion Leonard) will have a special place to enjoy some of them Some. He obviously loves her so hard, and always shows his passion, and this is the latest achievement crowned his grainy. However, without the king's knowledge, his wife fell in love with the royal monarch (Henry B. Walt). During one romantic connection in the specially built room, the wife and the establishment were discovered, and the sad king envisioned a way to get revenge from the ignorant couple. Silently, he orders his workers to close the only entrance with stones and mortars, slipping slowly to madness as each new stone is placed. <br /> <br /> D.W. Griffith has long been interested in sharp details, and the "sealed room" is a great example early on. The medieval century's medieval fashion gives the film a sense of reality, and the inner castle looks authentic enough to be believed. At that time, the director was also one of the leading ways to create suspense, and I must admit that as the film progressed, I became interested in knowing what could happen to unhappy young lovers. In the early minutes, Griffith restricted the footage you take at long intervals from a stationary camera (as usual at that time), but soon? Parallel to a subject that is gradually darker? He is changing his editing tactics in a wonderful way. Although he may not have invented this technique, Griffith was crucial in promoting the use of the word "cross-cross"? That is, alternating between different events occurring at the same time. This not only creates a sense of continuity, but it also increases the level of suspense, because we, as the public, are well aware not only of the horrible behavior of the king, but also the wife and the publisher are oblivious to it all. <br /> <br /> Despite these innovations, the "Sealed Room" suffers from many typical age deficits. The entire movie is shown in only two rooms, with footage taken from only three sites, so it is likely to become dull and sometimes monotonous. Greatly exaggerated the performance of the acting effect, however, at least in the case of Arthur V. Johnson, his exaggeration actually contributed to the recognition of the mounting insanity of the king's betrayal. The moment I thought was particularly effective when the lovers tried to get out of the room, only to find their only entrance that had been replaced by a solid stone wall. Their panic-stricken reactions, accompanied by a silent obsession of the king, serve very well to create an imminent sense of phobia. However, I thought that their supply of oxygen had been exhausted so quickly.
