After his failure to sell his cinematic performances to the new film industry during the first decade of the 20th century, in 1908, the playwright de. W. Griffith got the job that would make him a legend: he was appointed by Biograph as a film director. Griffith was not really expecting to join the film business, but before that position, and in less than a year he became the most successful filmmaker in Biograph thanks to his original approach to filmmaking and the brutal creation of his novel. A few years later, he directed "The Birth of a Nation" in 1915, a film that will revolutionize filmmaking and make him one of the first recognized filmmakers; however, much can be found that could make him a great film director in many short films Which he made for Biograph in the early years of his career. The "Sealed Room" in 1909 is one of those films, and also one of the few horror films of that first decade of the twentieth century. <br /> <br /> "The Sealed Room" is a 16th century story. Where the Arhtur V. Johnson built a windowless room in his castle. It is a small but very beautiful and comfortable room, where it is supposed to be used to enjoy the love and friendship of his wife, the Countess (Marion Leonard) in a more private way. The Count, however, does not know that his wife is not entirely sincere, as she is fascinated by Henry B. Valter in court, with whom she has an affair. Once the Count is busy with his own work, the Countess communicates with the publication and both lovers go to enjoy the new Count Room. When the Count returns, he discovers that she is lost and begins to doubt, and finally discovers the lovers in his room; but instead of making a scene, he prefers to remain hidden because he decides there will be better punishment for his unfaithful wife: to close a windowless room with the couple inside. <br /> <br /> Written by a regular collaborator with Griffith Frank E Woods, "The Sealed Room", takes elements of the "Eden of the Boan" under the title "The Amontilado's Ark", most notably "La Grande Perici" by Unori de Balzac to create a painful Gothic melodra based on Topics of treachery and sadism. Although its duration is 11 minutes, the Woods scenario develops the story in a very good way, and plays wonderfully with the horror elements of the story. While melodrama in the heart, Woods focuses on the figure of the Count and his hands creates one of the best horror characters of this early era. "The Sealed Room" is certainly a very simple and basic story, but Woods's handling of the dark and sickly theme of her plots makes the story an entertainment film that was quite different from most of Griffith's adventures. <br /> <br /> In the "Sealed Room", Griffith uses his talents to experience tension and suspense in a different way than usual. Although he often played with the editing to create the excitement that impressed his audience, his focus in this film was to create despair and horror, and play with feelings inherent to the fear of indoor. It is interesting how the story begins as another in melodrama, and quickly becomes a faster rhythm when the horror themes begin to dominate the plot, culminating in its magnificent use of the final viewer's editing. Not only is it a film in which the tricks of the camera are considered essential, but what stands out more in "The Sealed Room" is Griffith's talent in directing his actors. The legendary director was able to achieve the best results with his usual natural style away from the laughter that was standard in his day. <br /> <br /> As usual, the cast consisted of regular collaborators with Griffith, starting with Arthur F. Johnson in the role of counting. Johnson offers great performance and truly transmits the personal transition from the loving husband to the sadistic beast. His performance is not without exaggeration, but in fact adds the realism of the exaggerated personality of personality. As the Countess, Marion Leonard looks very good and is very effective in her representation, conveying a natural charm that makes it difficult not to sympathize with her in her betrayal. Finally, Henry B. The legendary Philharmonic as a handsome monster, and though one of his best performances, he can provide a skillful representation that also adds a nice touch of comedy to the film. Although this is not of real importance to the plot, it is good to see other members of Griffith's stock in the background, such as his wife Linda Arvidson and the young Mary Pickford as court chaplains. <br /> <br /> The masterpiece "The Sealed Room" is a prominent practice of editing to create suspense and tension like Griffith used to do in those days. The film has a very good set design, and although it has a very low budget, Griffith's attention to detail makes it look very convincing and works perfectly with his style of directing. The change of focus to horror makes him stand out among his other films of that era, and Johnson's performance as a sadist count makes it worth watching. Although Griffith will always remember the highly influential (and controversial) "nation birth", the early short films he made before offering a good idea of ​​the evolution of techniques and the style that makes him a legend. The Sealed Room is simple but elegant, a fun film to watch and one of the few horrors of the first decade of the 20th century. 10/07
