Excellent P.O.W. Adventure, adapted from Eric Williams of his own book (a copy of a paperback forming part of my father's library) inspired by real events; may be the first film of its kind and, therefore, has much to answer? Not only are similarly strong examples such as ALBERT, R.N. (1953), the COLDITZ STORY (1955) and DANGER WITHIN (1959), but the outstanding issues from the other side of the Atlantic, namely STALAG 17 (1953) and The ESCAPE (1963). This, then, sets the foundation firmly: British soldiers detained in a German camp set up a brilliant plan to escape, and borrow a page from the Greek myth? Hiding from under a pony horse used during physical exercise and in full view of their captors! In fact, the film is neatly divided into two halves: the first deals with the slow process of digging the tunnel, which culminated in the escape, while the last stages describe their wealth outside the camp while trying to convert it to neutral Sweden. Typical of these British films, the actors present a number of known stars (Liu Jin), current (Anthony Steele) and modern stars (Peter Finch, David Tomlinson and Bill Travers), without saying anything about countless representatives of trusted personalities, Brian Forbes, Michael Goodliff and Walter Gottel). The three clients / fugitives are Jane, Steele and Tomlinson: while the first two stick together, the latter goes his own way? Only to run to others to access safety. As expected, the narrative involves a lot of suspense and excitement. As with most P.O.W that focus on male sagas, too, the female interest is kept to a minimum. Director Lee did not have a long career? With this and somewhat similar (though with both change of setting and view) Alice Town (1956) highlights his achievements? But he certainly instigated every position he held in this case (even if, as I said, he was late in filming, he left me prematurely and left the producer Ian Dalrymple with the task of tying loose ends!). In any case, special mention should be made of brilliant lighting (especially during night sequences) all the time.
