Something like 40-year-old Virgin Crashers, and other comedy in the summer, are different in some respects. Both romantic comedians enjoy this kind of hyper-sensitivity that keeps young men and women in their twenties with the usual crowd of watching movies. Both have a kind of formula for stories as well. But by the end of her 40s, I think I found it more pleasing than the "wreckers". Although one can imagine where the story of the relationship with the character of Steve Karel, Andy's character and Catherine Kenner, will go, Triche, but it is not necessary to discover one like Krachers, the leading characters and support are both realistic. Most people are unidirectional or unjustified in the other. Perhaps, it may also depend on how much you determine (or find madness) in both. <br /> <br /> The thing is that some people may go to the 40-year-old Virgin who does not know Steve Carell as Owen Wilson or Vince Vaughn, where Karel has built his religious status in The Daily Show Now) and in small but memorable roles in Anchorman and Bruce Almighty. This is the first championship, but it is not treated like a third-class car. He and the writer and director Judd Apato are treated as an individual with a certain level of fidelity that keeps the audience on his side all the way, even early on as he speaks to his characters as he redraws them. It is also a difficult line to move forward in the hands of lessors, and this may not be amusing or more of the Lackluster 40 Days and 40 Nights with Josh Hartnett (also about impotence). As the title suggests, the 40-year-old Andy looks like a gentle friend who still has little Pee-Wee Herman in it (opening up to his hilarious apartment balances, a good sign). <br /> <br /> So, his friends (including Paul Rod, Rumani Mankoy and Seth Rogen, all very good comedies) are trying to devise different strategies and advice to finally break a curse on Andy's head to broadcast his concert. Hardly gets with an overly drunk woman, he almost has a kind of awful girl, and almost with the boss (Jane Lynch, a very funny in ridicule) as a friend (full of vigor). But all this soon faded away as he entered into a meaningful relationship with Triche, who worked with him across the street. Since they rely on a relationship that is not sex-based at all, one may worry that the plot of "how to tell her such and such" may hinder comedy. No. In fact, if there is anything, Karel and the actors build it very high. For about an hour and a half of the length of the film for two hours, there was hardly a moment when I did not laugh at it, whether it was big or small. <br /> <br /> Big laugh Although the make-up is not only for any kind of formalities with the plot, or the story of one or two small stray stories (co-workers have their own relationship problems too, Kun Rudd is the fittest). Big laughs come because of Karel's reactions, and people around him can either keep their humor / magic, or with some truth. Keener performs well and has a true spirit of relationship (and the "crumbling" are alike, nothing makes wisdom wise). For someone like me who loves her when a comedian can laugh at the way he looks at his face, Karel gets very high points here. As with the Farrelly Brothers, the most ruthless or shameful scenes are completely bland; the "waxing" scene (actually performed by the way) and the musical type of Aquarius at the end of the film (the way it comes out at first is a trivial surprise) ). But if you are willing to not be disturbed by it, there is more where it came from. This is one of the most extreme films of the year.
