The criticism of "EVENING", based on Susan Minot's novel and adapted on screen by Minot and Michael Cunningham, was so harsh that it frustrated many viewers about the film's experience. The main criticism focuses on the fact that very little has happened in this film about the woman's fear of a mistake made in a summer in her youth, and that the famous actors were given very small roles, that the entire production was exaggerated, and so forth. For these scenes, when I watched the movie on DVD in the quiet of the house, a completely different reaction took place. <br /> <br /> Anne Grant Lord (Vanessa Redgrave) dies at her home next to the ocean and its drugs. The memories allow her to share the name of the man - "Harris" - with her two eldest daughters Nina (Tony Collett) and Constance (Natasha Richardson). As her daughter sat next to her bed, Ann returned to a special summer when she was the bridesmaid for her best friend Laila (Mami Gumer) - a marriage Anne (Claire Danis in the role of the young Anne) and Loyal's alcoholic brother (Hugh Dancy) objected to the feeling that Leila was simply marrying From a man in her class instead of the boy she loved - Harris Arden (Patrick Wilson), the son of her housekeeper who became a doctor. Harris, Bodie, Lilah and Ann were woven together in a series of fascinations and romances that have remained secret until now, 50 years later, when Ann dies. Laila the Great (Meryl Streep) finally visits Ann and reveals the secrets: "There are no things like mistakes - life goes on." The film is a sensitive piece of mood and the scenario written by Minot and Cunningham is rich in atmosphere and hidden life lessons. Yes, there are loopholes in the story can be used more explanation, but in order to maintain halo nostalgia dead lady words, such "holes" can be understood. The film features not only Redgrave, Richardson (the real daughter of Redgrave), Collette, Gummer, Meryl Streep, Claire Danes, Eileen Atkins, Glenn Close, Hugh Dancy and Patrick Wilson, but also with a cast of shorts. very strong. The setting is great (filmed by Gyula Padus) and the musical score is by Jan A.P. Kaczmarek is outstanding. He directs Lagos Coltay ("Being Julia"). Judge this movie yourself .... Grady Harp
