Many of the great actresses in one film represent a practical invitation to the local cinema, so they have been duly answered. Here are some notes .. <br /> <br /> Vanessa Redgrave is wonderful even while lying on the bed. It also looks very old and I do not think this is achieved with a lot of make-up which is good for the film but it is sad for us as filmgoers. I think her aging has become a bit harsh in recent years. Claire Denis continues to welcome the films and exudes a certain warmth. Mami Gomer and her mother Merley Streep are very similar in appearance and style to eye-catching so I lost my focus on the film for a few minutes after she entered. It is surprisingly good; but such a similarity has the risk of acting against its own good. I agree with a previous comment: Natasha Richardson certainly did some plastic work for her. It certainly does not resemble how I remember them from previous films ("Neil" for example). Both with Tony Collett unfortunately do not start much impression partly because they do not seem hooded as two. Their reaction is weak. Tony Collett is a very old way to her character. Glenn Close and Meryl Streep were forced to grab more screen time. Streep's performance is actually a little more than a veil. Her scenes on the other hand have a greater emotional resonance than the rest of the film. Eileen Atkins offers some welcome dry intelligence, especially in her second role as a fictional night companion to the Redgrave character. The men, Hugh Dancy, are very active in the film although it gives too much performance. In fact once you get out of the story, the clouds start. It is also thanks to the ability to create the precise sense of parental magic in the viewer. Patrick Wilson on the other hand is a complete vacuum in the middle of the film. He also has bad luck because the script is not enough to explain why this man is dazed by three people (one of whom is a man). The background of the movie must be further developed. <br /> <br /> Cinematography is excellent as you expect. However the main summer house group failed to convince me. Do not look natural at the top of this rocky hill, especially with a grass patch in front. It looks a bit like cardboard. <br /> <br /> In general, the film is an elegant production, but it is a totally visual and weeping feeling, before it dominated me for most of its duration and thus failed to make that kind of impact that I expect from a tearjerker. However, it can still make me think about the passage of time, one's expectations of life and the extent to which they are realized. Worth trying at least on DVD if not in movies ...
