The evening is the beautiful story of the mother's flawed love. The movie is split in time, magically filmed, and is surprisingly represented and has an influential script. Vanessa Redgraff plays the role of Anne Grant Lord, a woman who sinks the sun out of life. Lying on her bed and her mind remembers and makes mistakes, she remembers her first mistake. Claire Dances plays the role of the young Anne, giving young vitality to a woman suffering from a deathbed. Nina (Tony Colette) and Constance (Natasha Richardson) are trying to solve the real story of frustrated dementia. Her first mistake revolves around Harris Arden (Patrick Wilson); the man who was her favorite boyfriend Laila (Mami Gomer) is very loved. Girls must accept their mother's past and future. The cast is glowing in the evening. The collective acting power of this film can operate the equipment needed to produce this entire film. I am very happy to see Claire Dance working again, especially in this role. She is very small, alive, living full of joys and mistakes and her mistake is the first mistake. This is a real achievement when she realizes she plays a woman, she dies in bed. When she is overwhelmed by her life, you can feel her desire to crack and her deadly hopes not to do so. Some of her facial expressions smeared me a little, but for all her performance was very radiant, I left it however as a side note only. Tony Collett continues to prove that you can be a strong actress without being a great model. Play black sheep for the family. Lost a little. Nina finds great strength in her mother's fault. Collit avoids the meticulous creation of a harsh personality that reveals her mother's mistakes, instead choosing a more wiser way to learn from her mother's mistakes. There is a lot of infighting between Nina and her sister Constance. Remember my battles with my sisters all the time. Mami Gomer, who plays the role of the best friend of the young Anne, is wonderful. Her personality is stuck between her heart and her place in society. Even when she cries and breaks her heart, she is incredibly charming and charming. I can not wait to see her behave in something else in the future. The performance of Vanessa Redgraff is very difficult for me. Her talent in making her mental state mysterious without being wacko or even particularly tragic is why she is so powerful. The public does not know whether it is making the story because it is going away or has actually happened. Physically and emotionally, Redgrave acts in a box. The large physical space and the limited emotional range may not be as impressive for a less representative but make the constraints appropriate. I was always amazed. The film certainly focuses on women but the men in the film are not just accessories. Patrick Wilson is fascinated by Harris. No wonder everyone in the movie is in love with him, and I'm sure so. Friends Whitman is Laila's brother, who is out of control. Hugh Dancy helical friends out of control without sending his behavior down the drain. Glenn Close has my favorite scene in the film. Reminded me of the famous scene of Monster Poole. It is terrible and the jaw dropped sadness. I was completely astounded. One disappointment was Natasha Richardson's acting. While her fighting scenes were memorable, most of them were superior to Melodrama. It was appropriate for her to take a representative bath before we breathe. It's a good thing they were not responsible for the pictures. The film's pictures are brilliant. The filmmaker Gyula Pados was unable to produce a film richer in color and light to match mood and emotion. The visual concepts of the flash sequences are strong and resonant. There were many scenes that could be stopped, printed, installed and sold as a shroud. I admit it, I cried. Evening is a powerful film. The evening is a chick flick but a really big chick flick. If you want to convince a woman to choose a movie, choose the evening.
