Since I began to read the book on which this film is based, I am having mixed feelings about the result that was filmed. I learned some time ago to see her adapting a film to a book before reading the book, because I found that if I first read the book, I was inevitably disappointed in the film. This was undoubtedly true here, while in the case of atonement, which may have been the best adaptation of a book I have ever seen, it may not be important. <br /> <br /> I'm trying to figure out why, and I think I should direct my finger directly to Michael Cunningham. I can not escape the feeling that he did not adapt much to Susan Minton's book as he did with a few characters and the basic premise and write his own film. <br /> <br /> I do not like the movie. I really like the film, and that's why, since I started reading the novel, I'm worried about it all. I feel disloyal to Ms. Menton to enjoy the film, which was a departure from her work. When I read them, I can understand why they were suffering from such a conflict. Contrary to what one of the film reviewers said, it is not impossible that some novels do not deserve to be a film; it's more like some books just can not make the transition. Ms. Minton's novel works on a very personal and intimate level of her central character, internally, so that it seems impossible to put it in a material world. Although much of the book is a memory of real events, it is a fragmented and heterogeneous memory, as I feel, can not be photographed. I think Ms. Minton's work is a real literary work, but he can not go to the film, which does not detract from its value in any way. <br /> <br /> I can not yet report that the evening, the film, does not represent the evening, the novel, in any way more than superficial, because I am only halfway, but the original must be a huge leap to resemble the film that follows. This stage. I think I write this because I feel that if you adapt a novel, adapt it, but do not make it otherwise. I'm not sure if Michael Cunningham has done something completely original, but what I can see is that so far, the things he has done are all based on someone else's work. We did not have hours if Virginia Woolf did not write Mrs Dalloway, and we did not have an evening, in her sad shape, if Susan Minton did not have much trouble doing something that probably should not have been tried in the first place. But it is better to say that it would be better if Ms. Menton left her work well enough, because the evening, the film, was a beautiful and satisfying work of its own. There was no sense of disloyalty, and a final conclusion that in this case, the novel can not be the film and vice versa, and I am finally grateful to both writers for doing what they did, so that both of us are working as it is.
