The first "side-story" in the world of Gundam in the global century offers a refreshing new look at the war between the Earth and the space colonies. The focus is no longer on a small group of individuals who will continue to play pivotal roles in the conflict, but on the civilian population every day and how to see the war through their eyes. <br /> <br /> The story does not contain some of Gundam's staple foods, and a ZEON team tries to capture a pilot Gundam image, but the plot that made the show very interesting to watch. This series focuses on the experiences of a young boy named Alfred and the relationship between his neighbor, Christina McKenzie, who was a pilot in the union and a novice in Zion called Bernie Wiseman. Alfred develops a kind of "brotherly love" for "Bernie" while our young pilot "Zion" is also in Christina. <br /> <br /> "War in the Pocket" proves that you do not need a compelling epic story about private individuals who make it a good war story. There are no Uber Uber pilots or large-scale battles for the fleet to be seen here. This short episode of OVA focuses much more on the emotional drama of characters on other subjects such as politics or philosophy and I love the extent to which characters are represented in real life. Alfred is your usual everyday son who plays violent computer games and believes that the armed forces are wonderful. Then he gets a training course on the horrific facts of war. The unlikely friendship and association between Bernie and Christina, both of whom do not really know that they are soldiers on different sides of the war, is played very real without getting involved in the romantic drama. The same goes for Alfred's and Bernie's favorite relationship. However, I do not want to spoil much of the story here, but it makes it tragic to see the tragedies unfolding as the show progresses throughout its emotionally devastating ending. <br /> <br /> Despite his lack of work, this show is never in the "boring" category. The characters are just attractive enough to withstand the entire show. There is no need to worry because there are a number of scenes of movement of mobile allowances scattered here and there. Each of them is moved beautifully at a level above the OVA level and is sure to satisfy some of the "mandatory" mobile suit battles in the Gundam series. <br /> <br /> Normally watch anime in Japanese or English, and I will leave up to personal preference. But in this case, I highly recommend the audio track in English on the Japanese track. Not only are the characters, all of whom are except for a Caucasian, more English-speaking, but the performance of the English voice is equal to and surpassed by Japanese characters, inculcating each character with such real emotions and hints that appear in some live television dramas . <br /> <br /> In short, this offer does not try to convince the audience. What she does is convey many intimate themes that reach the closest to the house especially the death of innocence on the battlefield and the horrors of war through the eyes of the child. A really impressive little story deserves more credit than it is offered.
