This complex film explores the effects of Fordist and Taylorist patterns of industrial capitalist production on human relations. There are constant references to the production of the assembly line, where workers are treated as machine operators, supervised by managers who use scraps of paper, control the amount of hair left by workers exposed and fired by Stanley who meet all criteria (as his supervisor always says) They are on time, working hard, or doing good work) but who may make a mistake in the undetermined future. <br /> <br /> This system destroys families - Stanley must send his father to a nursing home (where he dies quickly) After Stanley lost his job. The daughter of the iris is a single teenage mother who leaks from high school to take up a job in the factory. The fact is that now, with low wages, both partners need to work, meaning there is no one at home to take care of the children. The iris pair died because of a disease, and with multiple references in the film about the cost of medical care, the viewer must wonder if he has lived with better and more expensive care. The iris brother gets ill after another unsuccessful day at the unemployment office when his wife screams at him to buy a beer with her savings instead of letting her lift the face and / or dental function (even the working class without any interest in traditional bourgeois concepts of perfection and beauty buying in them). The only sign of race in the film is through a black worker working in a factory line whose husband is in prison (supposedly black too, and black men suffer from disproportionately high prison rates). She points out that, like her, "working time" - her family consists of a prisoner and a slave. <br /> <br /> Still, Stanley still believes in human relationships and thus most people film outside the Fordist capitalism system. He is interested in his father, despite the fact that the job of his father's sales representative has led to illiteracy - human relations have not yet been reduced to an effective contract, as does Iris's brother (suggesting that he is "married to the wrong sister.") It is the dream of the early modernists and socialists in 1920 (such as the Bauhaus) - to use technology to provide all Basic needs, allowing more leisure time to work Humane, creative, and full human relations, is also outside traditional gender relations: he cooks, cleans and cares for his family and knows how to get in. On the other hand, Iris lives in a traditional male role - she is a factory worker, the main source of income for her extended family, Stanley is in the public domain, traditionally not allowed by women to limit it, by teaching him to read and write, giving him access to the world of knowledge, which is also a traditional male. <br /> <br /> Literacy is used here as a metaphor for the general world Traditionally) and circulation systems (cash, vehicles, cultural) Which enables participation in the public sphere. Without this access, Stanley was feminized - his open positions are cooking and cleaning. He was excluded from all regular courses, unable to participate in cash (can not open a bank account), in the car (can not get a driver's license, can not ride the bus), and in social (he asks if he exists if he is not able To write his name). <br /> <br /> After learning to read, he received books on car repair, agriculture, and spirituality (the Bible). Therefore, the word of God is reconnected and placed on the same level of value as the guides. In fact, generally organized religion exists only occasionally - the Bible also appears on the wardrobe where the camera hovers to find Stanley and Iris having sex. However, she was recognized as a moral force - Iris, a character dedicated to living a "good" life, recalls at the beginning of the film that the rosary was among the missing things in a purse grab. <br /> <br /> Once he is able to read, he enters the system and gets an administrative position with a health care plan, car and house, and takes his place on the head of the family, the breadwinner. It is assumed that an industrial designer dreams of products that require others to bear the power of the assembly line to produce it. This ending, which may be the only part of traditional Hollywood in the film, is inconsistent with everything that happened before, at least I wonder if it does not force some Studio Studio executives suddenly worried about the lack of a good end to the feeling and its possible impact on the conclusion . <br /> <br /> Now, according to critics, we have moved comfortably to post-industrial capitalism, the film also has a somewhat nostalgic feeling, as if we needed a historical distance to analyze the reality of what happened during that period. <br /> <br /> However, it is highly recommended - at least if you want to exercise your mind. Ignore the end, which is close to perfection 10.
