I love all dogs go to heaven even though I am a man. This and Earth before time are the best animation films made by Don Bluth! In the movie Gharlie Barkin (Burt Reynolds), his friend Itchy (Dom DeLuise) helps him out of the pound in New Orleans in 1939. Charlie, who works in a casino, wants to share on an equal footing with his partner, Carface (Vic Tayback). Carvis who does not want to participate on par with Charlie pays a car on a bridge to kill Charlie! Charlie enters Paradise and meets with Anabel (Melba Moore) who shows Charlie that his time is over by showing him on an hour that has stopped and explains that "all dogs go to heaven" because all dogs are naturally good! Charley hides the stopwatch behind his back and switches it back to the ground alive while Annabel screams you can never go back! Charlie meets with Aichi and they go and explore soon to discover that Carvis has not only tried to kill Charlie, but also kidnapped an orphan named Ann Marie (Judith Parsi). When Charvis leaves Charlie and itch helps Anne-Marie escape. The next day, Charlie Aichi and Ann Marie go to look for money! You see Ann Marie as a couple she thinks she will make for her parents! While Ann Marie talks with the couple Charlie sneaks up behind the guy and steals his wallet! Charlie Ann Marie and Ichi went to the horse race where they bet on the money the man wins the horse in the race! The horse they said would win the wind, Charlie and Echey and Ann Mary paid $ 1,000 to bet! Charlie Ann Marie has promised that he will use the money to give to the poor but ends up buying a new casino and gambling and buying pizza for his friend, Flo (Lonnie Anderson) and her colleagues. Ann Marie discovered that Charlie stole the wallet from the man and used his money in horse racing and everything! Charlie is sad about this he has a dream going to hell and the devil! Charlie quickly woke up and discovered that Anne-Marie was gone! She was left to return the wallet to the couple who gave her the wallet and invited her to breakfast! Charlie asks Ann Marie to leave with him pretending to be ill but being picked up by mice trying to feed them to King Gator but they manage to escape! Soon Carface shows up and picks up Anne-Marie. He plans to drown them but Charlie comes to save and calls King Gator who eats Carvis. Charlie's time is over and must die again. The itch with the help of other dogs finds that the couple who took Ann Marie out there make them coming to where Ann Marie is. They are in time to save Anne-Marie but it's too late to save Charley who's over time! Charlie, who gave his heroic efforts to save Ann Marie, welcomed the return to paradise, but before he entered, he said goodbye to Ann Marie, who was adopted by the couple and asked her to take care of him. She says yes and tells Charlie she loves him goodbye! Charlie goes back to paradise as it is said "All dogs go to heaven"! Filled with wonderful animations, characters and story, Don Bluth proved to us once again that he was a good painter! It's so bad That movie was released in the same year Little Mermaid, my Disney movie! Both came out in 1989, the year before my birth! I think I should call them the best mobile features of 1989! 10 out of 10!
