First of all, St. Ives's film is based somewhat on the story of Robert Louis Stevenson of the same name, but this is not a one-time cash. The original work was not yet over. When the author died, and in his free adaptation and end, filmmakers managed to revive some of the favorite characters who, although different from Stevenson's, are sure that you are his charm and weapons. <br /> <br /> It is the year 1813: Capitan Jacques de Kirval de Saint-Yves is a Breton aristocrat, orphaned by the Guillotine of the Revolution, and now works as a guard in Napoleon's army. We meet him in the evening, claiming that because Hussar, who had not died by the age of 30, was a "black guard," he now reached 34 years "at the time of the borrower"! Sure, because he faces a series of challenges for the championships, our broken hero appears to be in danger, but a surreal joke on his doctrine provides him with a way out of the duel and into a beautiful compliment / singer bed. Unfortunately, this also leads to the loss of his commission ... more adventures are being captured by the British, and sent to the prisoners' camp in a Scottish castle. <br /> <br /> While Jack hands the toys and boxes, Jack catches the attention of Flora, sister-in-law of Missan Susan Gilcrest, a world-famous woman who lives in Swanston Cottage. They fall in love, and most of the story relates to Flora helping Jack escape and find his immigrant grandfather, the old Count. Of course, there is a problem. Jack's older brother, Alan, is addicted to alcohol, not - conceptually - far from the pleasure when the grandfather gets rid of him in front of the whole family, the moment Jack appeared ... cheating betrayal! There is also an amusing sub-plot of romance between the majestic Farcuhar Shivning awkward but happy heart, who traveled through most of the Ottoman Empire and was a prisoner of the Turks. <br /> <br /> Even allowing a natural prejudice in favor of any movie where the heroines share my surname, "St Evis is magic!" It combines a great swashbuckling swordbuckling, balloon ride, comedy and romantic adventure. I would recommend it to anyone who likes "The kind of film that is no longer made yet" - Fairbanks, Coleman, Flynn, and Co. The acting is wonderful Anna Frell makes Flora a lively and attractive hero, and Jean-Marc Bar is delighted like Jack, the truly beloved hero. My favorite candidates, and they have great fun like Susan and Farcohar, whose relationship works as a comedic point As with the terrible and planned Alain, but ultimately disastrous, Jason Isaacs, as he recently did in "The Patriot", shows that he has a classic style of volatility, along with a good broken look! Please, please, do you In the book, it is clear that the castle in which Jack is considered a prisoner, but the film filmed in Ireland, Germany and France placed the "highlands" in place, making the names of places like Swanston, Inversik and Koensverei Is undoubtedly contradictory. Fashion is also a hot pot, from 1780 to the period in which it was set. While this will not be believable with more figures in the "making" market, it seems strange that rich ladies like the dresses dresses were worn in 1780 in 1813. The fashion decision was obviously oststhetic: these previous patterns were visually more attractive And elegant of Regency fashions, and it works in the perfect world of film. As a whole, St Ives 90 minutes of exclusive delight.
