Like his older brothers, Claude Sot and Jean-Pierre Melville, Alan Corneau began cutting his teeth in French cinema with a series of dramatic films: La Menas (1977) and Siri Noir (1979) among others. "Police Python 357" is a good example of how Korno envisioned his work at this time of his career. They had great cinematography, strenuous scenarios and sophisticated guidance prepared for efficiency. <br /> <br /> Verot (Yves Montand) is police officer in unconventional ways who usually work alone. He recognizes a young woman Sylvia Leopardi (Stefania Sandrilli) and becomes her lover while ignoring that she has another lover: his boss Ghanaian (Francois Bérière). When he learns the latter, he kills her in a tantrum. Ferrot must investigate the murder and all the evidence against him relentlessly ... <br /> <br /> One can see that this kind of elusive story is not free from mistakes, and sometimes, one can see through but the style of Corno The mobile steering helps to evoke a shy and inactive atmosphere. The first part of the film may appear before the night of murder is unimportant, but it is important for what will follow this key moment. Korno is back in a few minutes of strenuous treatment and short appearances of small secondary characters that the viewer will see again during the investigation. Despite the flaws, Corneau and screenwriter Daniel Bolanger coined a masterful story. Mathieu Carrière, who is sometimes surprised that Ferrot retains a relatively low appearance during the investigation. But his boss knows he usually works alone. In fact, Ferrot has to find a solid solution to purify the water and to exempt himself. In the end, the main idea of ​​the film relates to Verot himself. He is a policeman who gradually loses his identity and finds himself at the heart of a terrible impersonation. Is embodied at the moment that he hurls himself acidously on his face so that the witnesses do not recognize him when he is brought face to face with them. <br /> <br /> Against this backdrop of excitement, Orléans has been efficiently enhanced by the Corano camera and helps inspire this strange film with its malicious charm.
