Knowing what to expect (in general) Denzel Washington's performance - quality, integrity, attractiveness and ambiguous humor - will prepare you for what to expect from its guiding start. Such as The Bronx Tale by Robert De Niro, Anton Fisher presents the dramatic drama of a young man's life and the influences of the main characters in his life. As in A Bronx Tale De Niro, she played one of the main characters of the main character (someone who was born to play but was too big). Washington plays a similar role as the patriarchal adviser to a distinctive personality - a figure that looks like Washington should play 20 years ago. Be thankful for Washington to play a big role against Antoine because if that happens we will be deprived first of the studied performance and the scale intelligently presented as a marine consultant. But more importantly we will not be able to see the wonderful, we can only hope to make the stars, moving from Derek Locke in a starring role. The character inevitably appears in Washington's image, but you feel that this is not only because Washington is its destination, not that Luke was trying to imitate him, but that Luke is really strong and is thinking of provoking a representative like Washington. It took a long time for Washington to get the Oscar it deserved for Malcolm X, Philadelphia, a demon in a blue dress and the hurricane. Let's hope Luke does not wait long. Also a wonderful piece of casting was Joey Bryant as a friend of Fisher, Cheryl. While the segment could have been a forgotten support or a standard "friend" role that Bryant drinks with life. The tender and intelligent role goes beyond stereotypes with Bryant inhabited, and they make the segment big and interesting. This does not hurt either that Bryant is probably the most attractive woman you see on celluloid this year - a smile alone can melt heart cold. Ability to act and look - why not be this woman in everything that is being made now. Good support in a small role in Sally Richardson as a wife in Washington Bertha. Speaking in silence or a look more than many Hollywood actresses can be managed in a full-length film that tells the audience full stories long before any show. The Washington directive, as I said, is the direct equivalent of his actions. Taking the story of a man that few viewers have heard and made really interesting is a difficult achievement that Washington has quietly achieved. The film is not fast or flashy, but it never feels slow or bored. It is measured and small, balancing humor and drama perfectly. Anton Fisher may not blow away if you love the big, explosive Hollywood movies, which do not have any effects, but for those who appreciate a very elaborate piece of art, with excellent shows and a consistent and steady direction, that's for you.
