Unlike other commentators who commented on the film's ability to transcend race, on the contrary, I believe that this powerful film presents a complex and profound story of institutional racism and its effects. Washington directs Fisher's story with a careful and critical eye, lagging behind this cinematic endeavor not to cut off the bodies of women, perpetuate stereotypes that are not studied, and not meet the expectations of white vision. I think this film may be very happy at the end; however, it has deeply rooted in African culture, African and rhetoric to the extent that some white spectators may feel a sense of view of the life of this Afro-American - Antwone Fisher. I have problems with the sea side of the film, but when we look at America, there are not many options or opportunities for black men who were / were in Fisher's position or in similar positions. Viewers may go to this movie expecting "Black Movie: What Is" Black Movie? "I think that Washington as a director realized that African Americans and other people of color deal with humanitarian problems such as abuse and aggression," he said. "<br /> <br /> Are stereotypes of pimps, prostitutes, drug traffickers, IDPs to name a few. These problems - historically and present - have only been given light and power through "Good Hunting" and other white films; it is time to get the same recognition and authority as their white counterparts inside and outside the media. Sad to say that in this racist country, Denzel Washington, Dirk Locke may have to wait another 10 years before they get the Academy Award or whatever, and both will have to wait until they manage or dream of a film that perpetuates the usual racist and sexual stereotypes for an award "Denzel deserves the Malcolm X Awards and EDA "And this is not to deny or set aside great actresses and actresses who are denied praise for genius, but Hollywood prefers to send a message that racism, sexual discrimination and sexual heterogeneity are acceptable through perpetuation Those stereotypes are rewarded because they appear in countless movies like American Beauty, Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil, American Pie, and even Gone with the Wind. <br /> <br /> Derek Luke is A very remarkable actor and I wish him all the best. All the other actresses and actresses have made great performances, although I do not have a problem choosing Denzel for another sestoh with light straight hair. However, everyone should watch this movie. However, it may not be for everyone. a lot of love. 10/10
