This film, based on a real story, comes from the first director and long actor, Denzel Washington. Denzel Washington has given us some of the best performances of the past decade, as a black soldier in the Glory civil war, and a well-known lawyer in Philadelphia. Of course, he gained special acclaim last year when he won the Academy Award for Best Actor on the Training Day, where Denzel Washington became the first African American to receive the Best Actor Award. I think Denzel wants a change in speed, so he chose to run Anton Fischer, who also plays the championship. Fisher plays his role as Derek Locke, a newcomer on the silver screen, but has made guest appearances on television programs such as King of Queens, and will appear in the upcoming release of Biker Boyz. <br /> <br /> This is a really good film by Denzel Washington, considering it was his first directing. Undoubtedly, Denzel felt a sense of commitment and security to the real life story of Antwone Fisher. Anton Fisher is about an African-American man in the Navy who is constantly fighting, and after a certain fight he is sent to see a Navy psychiatrist named Jerome Davenport, played by Denzel Washington. Davenport helps Anton deal with his turbulent past and learn to move on in his life by finding his mother, who had to give birth at birth because she was in prison. What makes this film good is the fact that it is not excessively melodramatic. I was expecting something more like good faith, with lots of curses, fighting and anomalies. Not that I did not like good fishing, or that the swearing, fighting and brightness of the film was misplaced. Quite the opposite! However, Antwone Fisher is a true story, and I do not think Washington wanted to raise the story for its dramatic impact in the film. Do not get me, there are moments when we see Anton fighting and continuing for moments when the world seems to be approaching him. After all, in his first session with his psychiatrist, Davenport asks Washington's character, where Fisher was born, and Fisher's reaction is "from under the rock" a clear blow to the pressures that recede on the spirit of Anton Fischer. But I had to appreciate the fact that this film was not dramatic. I think he shows a real character by Denzel Washington to make a more realistic story and avoid the typical clichés typical of Hollywood movies, even those based on real stories. Another point I would like to make about Anton Fischer is acting. On the whole, the performances were good in the film, but they were not fantastic. Sometimes, I think it was pretty obvious that the main characters were actors, but in general, the complaint of the performances in this film would be ridiculous. One of the actresses I refer to in this film is Viola Davis. She plays the role of Anton's mother, but barely says two sentences in the film at all, but not because of her appearance at the end of the film, but because of the shock left by her long-lost son, Anton found her. What I would like to refer to as an actress in not using them. She is essentially representative of the characters, and I have not seen her play any complex roles. Presentations in traffic, out of sight, Kate and Leopold, made two recent films: Away from the Sky and Solaris. In Steven Soderberg's Solaris edition, she played the role of a scientist on a planet-powered spacecraft. In this film, the character of George Clooney is confronted and I learn to cry, which Clooney tells her in a certain scene. When I saw Solaris for the first time, I remember seeing her tear the scene and think, Wow, this woman can act. It was as if you were feeling a personal sadness. In that short shot of her face, she gave a lot of expression and felt frankly sorry for the sadness of her character and her problems in the film. I think she has a specific potential as an actress and must often be used in leadership roles, rather than just a character-driven actress. However, Anton Fischer film is very good. Denzel Washington, as always, offers great performance and gives us great initial guidance. Also, Derek Locke is a very talented actor. I think Anthony Fischer will bring his enormous cash fame to his portrayal of the turbulent man, but I think his public popularity will increase with the release of Baker, who also starred with Lawrence Fishburne. Anton Fischer is on the book "Finding Fish: Memoirs," by Anton Quinton Fisher. ***
