"The time has come when the risk of staying tight in the buds is more painful than the danger that its prosperity required" - says Anis Nin Marcel Broust: "The real journey of discovery lies in not seeing new landscapes but in the presence of new eyes." The author and screenwriter Anton Fischer went to the US Navy to see new landscapes, but demons of his past prevented him from seeing the world through new eyes. Based on his autobiographical "Finding the Fish," written after many years of events, his dramatic story is shown in Anthony Fischer's first effort, Denzel Washington. It is a fairly sincere view to look at to some extent the painful process of moving from being consumed by one's past to the ability to live today. <br /> <br /> The treatment sessions are required after several bursts of anger in the first place, showing the painful aspects of his childhood in the flashback where Antonon (Derek Locke) tells his life in sessions with Navy psychiatrist Jerome Davenport (Denzel Washington). He was initially unwilling to talk, but when he starts, the ice gates are opened. After his father was shot dead by a friend and Anton was left by his mother after being released from prison, he was placed in a brood house where he lived for fourteen years and was suffering from humiliation and sexual assault. According to Anton, the treatment of his foster mother Mrs. Tate (Novella Nelson) referred to only as "Nigga" and his cousin Nadine (Yolanda Ross) was in fact far worse than what appeared on the screen. <br /> <br /> His only friend is a local citizen named Jesse (Gasha Washington), and later in the film, adds only to feelings of abandonment. It's hard to build a film about psychiatric sessions but it has been successfully performed in Ordinary People and Good Will Hunting with more interest but it succeeds here because of the dominant performances of Washington and Locke, although the film's attempt to squeeze eleven years into a few months seems a little too easy. But Davenport's humanity and warmth allow Fischer to feel safe enough to discuss his difficult past and that his new girlfriend, Joey Bryant, is also supporting him in his struggle for a breakthrough. <br /> <br /> With Cheryl's help and Dr. Davenport's advice, Antwone develops enough self-confidence to return to Cleveland and start the journey to try and find his mother in order to complete the past. What is achieved by the stunning performance of Derek Locke is Anthony's longing for acceptance, and he is delighted at the sad dream of the beginning of the film where he was the guest of honor at a banquet filled with people who love him. "People just have to remember what we're here for: find our way home," said comedian Mort Sahl Marra. "Antwone Fisher does not just touch one young longing to find his way home, but reaches all those who have been crying , Do not know the joy of love.
