Written and directed by Steve Gordon. Running Time: 97 minutes. PG rating. <br /> <br /> It was the perfect comedy film of the decade. He won the Sir John Gilgod Award for the Academy. I appeared in VH1 in "I Love the Eighties". Today seems as good as it was at the time of its initial release. Arthur is the famous comedy film about the drunken millionaire (he played with enthusiasm and intelligence from Dudley Moore in an Oscar nomination), who must choose between the woman he loves and the life he is accustomed to. While the basic plot is a large cliche, there is nothing trite about this harmonious mix of intelligent dialogue and fun farce. Arthur Bach is basically nothing more than a jaunty jerk, but you can only love him. Especially when he delivers lines such as "Do not you wish I were you? I know I do!" He is also one of the protagonists of the film: Unlike most of the rich characters we see on the silver screen, he is not ashamed of being rich. In one scene, a man asked, "How do you feel you have all this money?" , Who responds to him, "It's a wonderful feeling." Moore brings this charisma and magic to a personality that his audience could have hated. Giljood is perfectly idealistic as an arrogant servant, addressing his master with great resignation even though his salary depends on him. Arthur is one of those films that do not try to be particularly wonderful or exceptional: they come naturally. The scenario - which also got a nod from the academy - is filled with an original dialogue that laughs loudly. This is the kind of film that, when combined with a group of poker friends, infinitely. He also looks at her characters with sincere sincerity. There have been a number of comedy films trying to overcome the drama by including a death or major star illness (including both Grumpy Old Men), but few of them can carry it because we do not care only. When this film makes the suspicious decision to get rid of the servants, it actually works, because we really love these people. Why should you see Arthur? The answer is simple: because it is fun and not guilty. At a time when movies are more dangerous, Arthur reminds us of what he seems to be going to the cinema and having fun. <br /> <br /> **** - Classic
