I remember trying a few minutes of this film, and I am very surprised that I did not see it completely, from the director Steve Gordon, his only film he directed before he died of heart failure. Essentially, Arthur Bach (Golden Globe winner, and Oscar nominee Dudley Moore) is considered a drunk millionaire with everything he can want, a palace, a butler, Hobson (Oscar and Golden Globe, the Golden Globe winner, John Gilgod). He must inherit $ 750,000,000 if he marries the daughter of millionaire Bert Johnson (Steven Elliot), the woman she and her family chose Susan (Gil Eikenberry). But instead, Arthur finds himself lagging behind waitress Queen Linda Marola (the candidate for Golden Globe Lisa Menelli), which threatens the inheritance of course, 3/4 of his family fortune from Father Stanford (Thomas Barbour) and Martha (Geraldine Fitzgerald). After the death of Hobson, Arthur disobeyed, on the wedding day, the wishes of the family, but Aunt Martha still gave Arthur the inheritance to live happily ever after with Linda's true love. Starring Ted Roose as Peterman, Barney Martin as Ralph Marola, Anne de Salvo as Gloria-Hawker, Maurice Copeland as Uncle Peter Bach, Justin Johnston as Aunt Bach, Florence Tarlow as Miss Nicebit, Marcella Laurie as Harriet - Martha Mayd, John Bentley as Perry and Peter Evans as Preston Langley - guest party. Moore is incredibly funny and swings a bit because he's always drunk, and Minelli is as lovable as the woman he loves, and Gilgod of course gives a great impression of winning an Oscar as a cynical Moore and humorist, a great comedy. She won the Oscars for the best song on "The Arthur Theme (The Best You Can Do") and won the Golden Globe Award (number 79 in 100 years, 100 songs). She was nominated for Best Writing Award, Screenplay Script for Screen, For the BAFTA Award Anthony Asquith for Burt Bacharach's film music, and won the Golden Globe Award for best film - comedian / musician. Sir John Gilgod was ranked 35th in the list of the top 50 British actors, and the film was ranked 53 on 100 years, 100 laughs. very good!
