1928 in many ways "Lost Year" in moving pictures. Just as some of the finest films in the silent age were produced in every genre, the sound was coming - and as he was making big profits at the box office - he was remaking the art of filmmaking back about five years with the struggle of the film industry with new technology. <br /> <br /> "Show People" is one of the great silent comics. The film shows that William Haines had comic skills that went beyond the usual form of an over-trusting man who turned everyone against him, learned his lesson, and recovered himself by winning the game of football, polo, etc. To clarify that Marion Davis was not Susan Alexander Kane. She had excellent comic instincts and timing. The film begins with an adventure like Begley Pepper (Marion Davis) and her father, General Marmadok Oldfish Pepper, fresh from the Old South. General Pepper decided that some of the lucky film studio directors would be allowed to hire his daughter as an actress. While in the exhibition studio, the pepper rush to Billy Boone (William Haines), a comedian actor. He gets a Biggie acting act. She is unhappy when she discovers that it's just a joke but she persists. In the end they were discovered by a large studio, and she and Billy part of the roads while starting to play exciting roles. Soon the new fame goes to her head, and she is about to lose her audience and gain a royal title when she decides to marry a new leader, whom she does not really like, unless fate somehow intervenes. <br /> <br /> One of the things MGM often does in its late films of the Silent Age and in its early films The Age of Sound is a distinctive footage of how MGM made filmmaking around 1930. This film is one of those, as Charlie tries Chaplin that we get the signature Peggy, an abundance of MGM players during that era including the director King Vidor himself, and even the veil of Marion Davies as Peggy sees Marion Davis while Marion Davis arrives for much work. Little prostitute mentions that she does not care about them. Truly a joy from start to finish, this is a silence that is definitely worth your time. This is one of the films I also recommend using to introduce people to silent film art where they can be accessed.
