This 1981 comedy is still shimmering thanks to the joint efforts of writer / director Steve Gordon and stars Dudley Moore and John Gilgod. Sadly, Gordon, just in his early 40s, died shortly after completing this only feature film. It is a particularly unfortunate loss because it shows a truly ingenious hand in a personal-made farce that makes the entire film irresistible. It is very much like a spiral comedy dating back to 1930 that was renovated to suit contemporary tastes. The plot is centered on Arthur Bach, a millionaire drunk drunk, who is at risk of losing his $ 750 million inheritance if he does not marry the boring and widowed Susan Johnson, an heir chosen by his old father and his old mother. Of course, he does not like her, and by chance runs to Linda Marola, a working-class waitress (and, of course, an ambitious actress) after Bergdorf Goodman's tie instructs her father. <br /> <br /> The standard multipliers appear but in a more granular way with many of the wood panels with alcohol that were performed by Ilan Classic by Moore. His being such a pampered figure is not only due to his comic talents, but to the sinister and acidic role of Gilgod like Hobson, Arthur's loyal but reality-based servant. It's the kind of role he can play while he sleeps, but Gilgod makes Hobson's character a truly memorable character, bringing his fate into the film as a syringe of glamor in welcoming. In her most likely role in the films, Lisa Menelli delivers the image to male co-stars by reducing her usual personality in dazzling and making Linda real in the motif. <br /> <br /> The former LA Act "Gilles Eikenberry plays Susan in the same negative and aggressive manner, while Barney Martin (father Jerry on" Seinfeld ") steals all of his scenes as the parents of Linda Ralph. I have to admit that I still can not bear the highly acclaimed and highly acclaimed Christopher Cross, which inevitably won the Academy Award for the best song of that year.Unfortunately, DVD 1997, which definitely needs to be restored Formulation, has no notable additions except for some pictures and production notes.
