I saw Marion Davis in two films and I could not really understand her attractiveness. She could not dance for peanuts, did not try to sing and to represent her - she looked in a coma. But I have never seen a silent comedy and this film is wonderful. Instead of joking her own image, as suggested here, I have a satire on Gloria Swanson, who started in comedic comedy, went to the very emotional images of women and ended up marrying Count. Marion, one of her senior imitators, also made a funny imitation of the rabbit whenever she wanted to see it as big, and that was Gloria Swanson's spot !!! <br /> <br /> Colonel Piper (Del Henderson) drove the car all the way from Georgia to Hollywood, determined to prove that his daughter, Beiji, (Marion Davis) will be the greatest stars ever. Their hopes dwindle as they reach another 40 cents when they meet Billy Boone (William Haines) who works in the vortex studios and promises to get a Peggy job. Peggy believes she will be a great drama actress, but the studio thinks she's a great comedian. They convince her to produce the film, and she is very successful in the preview. Charlie Chaplin asks for her signature but she does not recognize him and treat him rudely. "Who was this little little guy" - when she discovers she's afraid !!! Peggy and Billy get a call from High Art Studio but only Peggy is required and suddenly she is on her way. There's a funny scene where you see a star you do not think much about - it's Marion Davis !!! <br /> <br /> She finally gets a chance to become an exciting actress - but she can not cry! !! It's a hilarious scene where the director tries everything to make her cry and when she succeeds, she can not stop !!! Her new leading man, André (Paul Raleigh) convinces her to forget her comic past and become an elite and sophisticated - she even adopted a new name - Patricia Pippoar !!! She also seems to have forgotten Billy and her father - she has developed a Star character !!! When Slapstick chooses the same location as "Patricia's", Billy is thrilled to see her but is not fully prepared for her small position. When she describes him as a cheap clown, he realizes that she is not the girl he once knew. <br /> <br /> After a luncheon in the studio (a wonderful shot of some of the greatest stars of the day) "Patricia" gets a call from the boss. Her films seem to be floundering and do not want any theaters to hold her - the public is fed up with her behavior and wants the old Baiji return. She and André decided to get married, and dreamed of being Contessa (though Billy says André used to give him macaroni in a small cafe in the center of the city and was no longer a human being). On the day of her wedding, she visits Billy and after a hilarious circle fight with the custard, she realizes that Billy is the one for her. <br /> <br /> It was amazing to see all the guests' stars - John Gilbert watched as he passed through MGM gates. Leo Cody talks to Elinor Glenn, who has not written "It", but several energetic romances made in MGM movies . William Haines, another actor whose films I always wanted to watch, was fantastic - especially in the cafeteria scene, where he had a wonderful comic timing. Harry Garibon was a Farhana as a director of comedy - there was a lot of fun scenes in this film and Marion was at the forefront of all these movies - I give this movie 10 out of 10. <br /> <br /> Too, highly recommended.
