I was delighted to see The Big Bad Swim at the 2006 London Film Festival last week. The festival highlights some of the best independent and non-mainstream films of last year. I assumed that the movie "The Big Bad Swim" was selected for show at this festival for the simple reason that it was filmed locally in and around Eastern Connecticut. However, when the credits started to work, I could only think of how good a "bad bad swim" was compared to others who showed up during the festival. My list topped me, followed by "The Puffy Chair", "Who Killed The Electric Car" and "Transamerica". <br /> <br /> "The Big Bad Swim" is an attractive and honest game and is often a comic sight on the many adult swimmers and their flabby and troubled coach who has a depth I have not seen on the screen for a long time. The evolution of interpersonal personalities and conspiracy lines derived from something absurd like swimming lessons for adults works in subtle and loving ways and their refreshing grandmothers. The plot does not hit you on the head in the direction; it builds and grows organically at a rate that existed. I never felt bored. I have never been humiliated. I never came out of the story on the screen. <br /> <br /> The hilarity of the film is like Napoleon Dynamite's Old School. The disposition of a group of relatively unknown actors was credible and their dialogue was never strange or fascinated. Obviously it was not producing millions of dollars, the camera shot was not fantastic and dazzling, but it was adequate and an improved budget. The lighting and imaging technology of the scenes filmed in the preparation of strip clubs was particularly impressive because of a more realistic approach than a similar scene under the heading "Closest." I have also found underwater footage of the chapter from the bottom down and it seems just as personal a picture as it can be a clipping of the shoulders. <br /> <br /> I am sure to say it over and over again from many in the independent film industry, but I must say this: If the Big Bad Swim is not selected for some kind of distribution, I will be very disappointed. "Great bad swimming" must see. If you have the opportunity to watch this movie, look! Disappointment is impossible!
