Sunday, July 16, 8:00 pm The Castro, San Francisco <br /> <br /> "As a South Colonella, your makeup is very Indianaan". <br /> <br /> Hollywood's loud hustle and bustle of More than a little sling of mud in the direction of Marion Davis over the years. Because they have given her fame and did not deserve it, they are often speculated. Given the often inherited dramas, this criticism seems to have some validity. However, comedy, its star brightened too bright. Left to pursue a career in Light Comedy and Slapk they have competed with Maple Normand. One of her best games was to show people at King Vidor's (1928), who survived and is well known to a large extent because MGM filled him with a veil star. This happy coincidence has inadvertently saved what is certainly among the best work of its two stars, Davis and the famous irony of the University of College, William Haines. Rumor has it Show People were built on the life of Gloria Swanson, who started in the comedy movies and went to the big drama (and do not think she did not spend the rest of her life reminding everyone!) With von Stroheim, Walsh and Demel. Coincidentally, the comedy studios used in this film are the original fossils abandoned by Keystone the previous year (think of who worked there!). <br /> <br /> Colonel Marmaduke Oldfish Pepper (Dell Henderson) leads his daughter Peggy (Davis) from Georgia to Hollywood to represent films. These two countries are unsafe fodder for Billy Bonne (Heinz), "custard pie artist?" Who descends on the cafeteria table at a grotesquely funny entrance (watching the thing with pasta), then helps Peggy to land in part of his next image. What you think is a high drama turns into a game of curling, but the job is important and Billy persuades "... all the stars should take it on the chin ??". In the preview, Billy and Peggy collide? Charlie Chaplin, who asks for her signature! She pushed the little fellow aside and the terrified Billy grabbed the book and made it a sign. Chaplin climbs up in his car and tells Billy Beige who, of course, she fears. It's very funny, given Davis's character is not supposed to recognize this guy! Peggy is soon moving to work at High Art Studios, changing her name to "Patricia Pepoire" and leaving poor Billy. Davis sends a great actress to her, with all the lashes and flapping lips. Vidor casts in a procession of stars eating lunch in a long shot (they all sit side by side and face the camera!) Including Polly Moran (also funny to play Maid Davies), Louella Parsons (friendly vampires), Estelle Taylor, Claire Windsor Elaine Pringle, the duo duo of Carl Dean (with his arm in ropes) and George K. Arthur (pretending to steal the silverware), Leatrice Joy (enjoying Arthur's strangeness). Adoree, Rod (Mae Murray, John (in a robe) Gilbert (who also appears as he drives through the gates of the MGM early in the photo), Norma (eeeww!) Talmadge (seemingly disordered) and Patricia She wears the costume of Marie Antoinette, located between Douglas Fairbanks (as does an amusing trick) and William Hart (protecting her from Doug). Billy heads to the High Art crew at the scene when the comedy band crashes filming them, with controversial results unexpectedly. Vidor works up in the last scene as a director for the current Peggy production. It is worth mentioning that Harry Gripon is the comedy director who makes a wonderful caricature of Eddie Sidjewick, and Sydney Brassie as the drama director who can not make Peggy cry for her screen and then can not stop her once she does, and Paul Raleigh as Andre, . When her character tries to "act" as though Davis is enjoying all the terrible tragedies she has been forced to do, she is wonderful at doing so. <br /> <br /> While it is true that Show People is a satire after 10 years of "Good Days", it remains a great example of the quality of work from MGM and Irving Thalberg and a wealth of talent gathered. What shame he lost a lot. There are also numerous examples of great films such as The Patsy (1928), Fedor and Davis a highly successful comedy earlier in the year, and remain in the cellar when it can be seen and enjoyed.
