I had the opportunity to see this film twice at the 2006 animated film festival in Birmingham, Alabama. I enjoyed it so much that I saw it for the second time when they had a show. <br /> <br /> When I think about the films that are shown at festivals, I usually expect them to be optimistic and optimistic, often with the student project feeling in detail. There's nothing wrong with these kinds of projects, of course. I enjoy the unique styles of independent films, but sometimes I want to see a more common approach to independent filmmaking. I mean "mainstream" is like a film produced for the national version - in other words, a movie you will see in ordinary cinema. <br /> <br /> Writing, directing, filming, acting and acting in this film are all quite supportive. There is nothing independent of this film. As an ambitious director, I am always looking for films that will motivate me to stop procrastinating and press harder to continue my career. This is one of those films. When I saw The Big Bad Swim, it was an incredible motivational level. I felt like Adrenaline had started. The reason I felt that way was that I was very impressed with every aspect of this production. I left the theater enthusiastic and ready to begin writing this long-term project. When the movie makes me feel it, I know it's really good. This is the first long project of Ishai Setton and I found myself wishing it would be my project. For me, this is very rare. <br /> <br /> Watch this movie. I have been filmed and directed beautifully, and the casting is excellent. Paget Brewster offers very reasonable and very pleasant performance. It has a high quality around it, an attractive character that really attracts you and keeps you focused on it whenever you're on the screen. It makes you feel like you know her personally as a friend. this is a gift. I think the industry really lacks by not using its acting capabilities more than once. Jeff Branson and Jess Wickler also performed outstanding jobs. I can not say enough beautiful things about the bad big swimming. I look forward to future projects from all those involved in their production.
