Over the past few months, I've been collecting Voyager seasons from 4 to 7 on a DVD (I only had one video to 3 videos before, because Kes is my favorite character) and just got to the end. I saw them when they were originally shown on TV here in the UK but they forgot most of it. Am I satisfied with the end? I think I am. Of course, I admire, I wanted to see more about what happened to the characters when they got home but that's what we left for our imagination. In many ways, the "end of the game" is like "all good things ??" The involvement of the crew in the future, but mainly the captain. A new love story begins at the end (Troi and Worf in Next Gen, Seven of Nine and Chakotay here), which lead to future death. I really liked the "Endgame", which is fair to all characters, Neelix shows though he left the ship two episodes earlier. Belana gives birth to daughter with loving husband Tom. Tovuk is sick but going home means he can be treated. Harry was always the most anxious and determined but acknowledged that the trip was important. Everyone respects the doctor in the future, and finally chooses the name of Joe! But of course the captain has a big role to play, as he meets his future self, who wants to bring the crew home early to prevent injuries. Burg, who played an enormous role in this period of Voyager. Alice Craig plays the role of Queen Borg again fantastically, only her voice and manner of acting are wonderful. I feel sorry for Susanna Thompson, although the Queen of Burg TV was replaced by the Queen of Burg film. They may not have been available though. Fantastic special effects, Space Center Borg sub and Queen Borg Tinharan! She is very tense. Especially when they leave the Borgh space corridor and say their location is the right place where they thought they would be after they said they had to go in a corridor leading to the Delta Quad. What a wonderful idea to enter into the Borg protection area, on the special DVD features that they say were like Trojans. Voyager could have continued. If they were more popular they would stick to their original idea of ​​the crew's recognition that the ship was their home, as in Harry's speech and what Tom said because his wife and two children were there. After that, they could have a home in a movie! <br /> <br /> Overall, Voyager was a bit successful and amazing. The sixth season looked good followed by one season less than good. The two cases in the Irish Hologravic Village are horrible! My perception of seven of the nine was that she took over, everything revolves around her, and that is not true. When she first appeared, the fourth season focused on her because of a lot of episodes, but then she went out. And her character is sometimes ingenious, after 20 years as a drone in Burg who is gradually rediscovering her humanity. I love her, especially in "someone watching me" and "lack" and "human error". When Naomi Wildman was initially scared of her but then became her friend often beside her, it was beautiful. Chakotay became my favorite character at the very least. I have gone chemistry with Janeway (do they / will not?) And never think that he was the first officer, he has been completely neglected most of the time. I loved seeing Tom and Billana's relationship collide with difficulties. I have always loved Neelix a lot. Tovuk was good at times, especially when he lost his temper and gained affection and was a friend of Nelix. Harry was annoying at times, but a good figure at other times. The doctor is probably my favorite, and I see his comedies and comedies ("Tinker, Tenor, Doctor, Spy" is awesome!). Janeway is my favorite captain in any series, and you can tell that Kate Mulgero really enjoys it. <br /> <br /> I wish there were more, I love Voyager!
