So, every year there is at least one film that does not have a chance at the box office, because from the moment of production, and even before a simple shot, everyone picks up this film ... a long list of films, Indeed (Battlefield Earth (2000)), some may have their flaws but are very fun (Catwoman (2004) and Elektra (2005)) Then there are few, which are actually really big for what they are, but no one admits! I mean, my God, just because the broad crowd must have a victim every year they can join, and not everyone has to join them. Yes, maybe these films are not perfect, but come on, how many movies? Not every new movie is supposed to be the Lord of the Rings! Not everyone will enjoy these films, but I bet there are more than those who admit they do. Hudson Hawk (1991), the hilarious hilarious, "Color of Knight" (1994), which may not be worth the Oscars, but certainly not stupid at all with some beautiful transformations, Swept Away (2002), which I thought was a wonderful combination of Hilarious humor and beautiful romance, Gigli (2003), which was a fabulous entertainment with some really memorable lines and never acted at all by the previous "Bennifer" -Couple, this year is "Basic Instinct 2"! Well, when I heard the sequel rumors of one of my favorite movies, I was very noisy, and although I really loved Sharon Stone, I stayed on the other side until I finally watched this movie. And really, I was surprised with great positive! I can not understand why you get such a bad press and such a bad vote here. She simply does not copy the original, it contains a very smart story, characterized by tension, movement, humor, and Sharon Stone stunning replay the role of her life! With 47 years of filming, she looks hottest than many of the stars in her twenties, but more than beautiful, he acts brilliantly, with all her features, her famous smile, the way she talks and moves. You can not lift your eyes away. It's a pleasure to see Catherine Tramel, and all the other actors are making strong performances too! So I can not really see what's wrong with this film ... it has a dark, exciting, daring and daring look, powerful shows, and never bored! Maybe the story is not of an Oscar caliber, but it is not trying to be! It's an entertaining movie, and by this standard, it delivers in my opinion! So give it a try!
