Finally, after years of waiting for a new film to continue the sexual chaos of "Basic Instinct", we got a wonderful complement filled with the right elements needed for such a privilege! I remember everything about origin, steam, romance, sex, questioning, music (by Mr. Jerry Goldsmith), and everything else from violence and murder, to severe confrontations of every kind! Make no mistake, "Basic Instinct" was a real winner for the masses everywhere. I can remember in 2001 when we first received news of this sequel. After five years, we have. I did not think it would end like this. When it was announced that a project had been dropped, it was not sure whether or not it was a real possibility at first. Well, I think we now know anything possible in this case. Even if the original director or writer is not present, all we need is Sharon's charming and reliable stone, and we have a finished deal! Please, listen to me ... <br /> <br /> When people say that this movie is bad, I think this is due only to the fact that the style is extreme and a little dated. I use the word "dated" only because we have not seen a similar film for many years, and the audience adapts to the boring storytelling that is useless to watch in other films that actually make money and the only reason they make these big numbers because those movies are family friendly . Who needs some puncture and clean? Of course it's fun, but come on! They rarely escape these days, and Basic Instinct 2 gives us real fans what we expected. This film is not an Oscar winner, nor does it try to be. It simply provides fanatical fans what they expected. It's a fun movie. Today's films seem to take themselves very seriously, but this film is loose and fun, and does not take itself seriously, not seriously anyway. After saying this, I will evaluate the film. <br /> <br /> The movie is a fast-paced first-minute film, as we see Catherine Trimell in a car, at 110 miles per hour and enjoy the thrill of doing so. Sex and leadership may not mix, because our exciting novel takes a bad turn ... well, you get hurt, but her studded partner does not hurt well. Again, Tremell is the main suspect in the incident and will be placed under the supervision of analysts and psychiatrists. Dr. Michael Glass (Morrissey) is automatically attracted to her from the very first moment he meets her. Like another criminal investigator before him, he is seductive and seductive, slowly, and certainly. His denial of everything begins to collapse around him as she wipes a mantra just to have the ability to do. Tramels may be more dangerous now, than they were before, but like the first, we will never know, are we? Once the temptation is in motion, jealousy, anger, drugs and a host of dramatic scenes will ensue! <br /> <br /> This movie does not recycle the first movie, but briefly mentions previous film events from time to time. This is good. It allows us as a community to know that the script has been written to upgrade to a degree or two. Sharon Stone dazzles us again, as if 14 years have not been resolved. Her second range of deceptive novelist is instantly spotted as earlier. Wonderful! David Morisi is good, and runs well. The fact that an unknown star is chosen makes his performance very enjoyable because we as a society have no background, but what we see. My last thought is from 8.5 to 9 out of 10. So not the first, and can not reach the first prize-winning position. However, it can live up to the standards set by the first film, people are doing it! Yes it is.
