"Wisecracker", the biography of actor William Haines, offers a satisfying tale of the former star when he was 70 years old and retired from film production. The old gentleman was rarely emotional and rarely saw his own films, but in 1972 he was persuaded to attend a Los Angeles museum show featuring SHOW PEOPLE, his late silent film with Marion Davis. Before that, Haines was worried that this comedy would create some kind of false laugh, but he was pleasantly surprised (and no doubt relieved) about his stability and the enjoyment of the young audience. Watch the movie today and you can see why: SHOW PEOPLE is a delightful satire of Hollywood that keeps its magic because it makes fun of its goals with intelligence and taste, but without slag. Still funny and sarcastic points still resonate. Needless to say, the technique of filmmaking has changed considerably since the silent days, but the claims and follies of filmmakers themselves have not changed. <br /> <br /> SHOW PEOPLE is also the best Marion Davis, a first-class comedian worthy of a prominent place in the gods of comedies. As for her career, Davis was both blessed and tortured by her lover, newspaper magnate William Randolph Hearst. Herst is known to have exerted enormous influence on Davis' roles, and it is also known that despite her gift of comedy, he preferred to see her play the role of heroine in the drama of fashion in the period. By the late 1920s, for whatever reason, Marion had been allowed to evaporate its purposes in many light heavy comedy (including RED MILL and PATSY), but SHOW PEOPLE, produced by the great King Vidor, was the highlight of her show. William Haines presents an attractive and affectionate portrayal of her boyfriend and star Billy Boone, but this is the leading women's show along the way. <br /> <br /> Marion plays the role of Southern Bell Biggie Piper, the ambitious Hollywood actress who accompanies her father, determined to become a movie star. (Her father Col. Pepper played the role of actor / director Del Henderson, a veteran of Griffith's autobiography in a biography that is similar to Hartst by chance.) While my father usesfully suggests emotions to portray ("Sadness! ... Joy!") She has been appointed, only to discover that Comet is making low-eyebrow comedies, a kind of comedy where people flow with each other by means of a silencer and incompetent police stumble on each other for the rescue race. , Comet is meant to be a takeoff from the cornerstone of Mack Sennett, but medicine With the rise of Peggy Pepper in the movie star hierarchy, Comet is leaving the prestigious High Art studio, assuming her name "Patricia Peppoire" is fitting for her new life as a serious actress. As certainly happened to viewers in 1928) that Davis's competition Gloria Swanson began in Keystone's comedies before emerging in the serious dramas of Cecile B. Demel, and since Miss Peabauer takes herself more and more seriously, Billy Boone comic, the performance of Davis takes an element of eraser Uh sarcastic evil that are directly targeted at Swanson itself. This is particularly noticeable during the interview sequence, when the spokesperson for Miss Popover speaks nonsense while the star delivers an instant impersonation to Swansea. I suppose this was a friendly parody, but I have to wonder how friendly relations between Gloria and Marion were after the film was released. <br /> <br /> Anyway, SHOW PEOPLE is a delightful treat for amateurs, who will flavor the parade of starring stars all the time. Charlie Chaplin contributes little, no makeup and does not seem very distinctive, eagerly seeks to sign Patricia Peabuire! (In a show of good sportsmanship, Marion Davis sets herself up as a self-indulgent veil, evening to the point of enjoying herself in Swanson by herself.) This is a silent film that may be appreciated by silent viewers, at least those viewers who have a taste for films about filmmaking . SHOW PEOPLE certainly belongs to a group of classics like SUNSET BOULEVARD and SINGIN 'IN THE RAIN, among Hollywood's most productive and enjoyable self-examination.
