When I was a child I always hated being forced to sit through musicals. I never understood why people came out to such a song, and I was so small that I did not appreciate my technique (choreography, exact design, fashion, speed). Carol Reid Oliver was the only musician I remember who was strangely enjoying when he was a child, perhaps because he is one of the darkest music that is appropriately drenched in a Dickensian spirit. This is a musical about the life of the Jewish Quarter in Victorian London, and while the scenic and dark designs are strict, dark and honest in this way of life, it is strange that people burst into such ridiculous songs amid their misery. Based on a recent show, my first appearance since my childhood, I have some new ideas and visions about why this music is "adapted" to this strange genre that turns into a kind of song, and why most do not do it for me. <br /> <br /> When you do musical works or say something really, it is because they are aware of the inherent strangeness. Lars von Trier was a tragic and far from reality, and he worked as a musician because the musical numbers were the product of the protagonist's imagination, a maniac obsessed with Hollywood musicals. Similarly, Chicago's very sarcastic and fun works on a similar level because the musical numbers were the product of a deadly dancer. Musical plays do not work when they take their musical nature seriously (as in "Moulin Rouge") or simply raise a lot of ambiguity about nothing (meaningless "Mary Poppins"). When you watch "Oliver!" For the first time as an adult, I saw him in a new light. He often told me from the point of view of young Oliver that I saw the musical figures as a product of his childhood imagination and the way he faced the horrors of life in the ghetto around him. It was probably the best music number when Nancy got everyone in the bar dancing and dancing about the joys of dumping (as a cover to help Oliver the poor escape from evil Bill Sykes clutches). It was certainly attractive and seemed like a real melody in the bar that drunks might start singing about a piano. There are other fantastic and classic tones that can be heard here, and the trend and representation of leads to dance additions are all top notch. <br /> <br /> However, despite the gloom (although he has a happy ending for Oliver at least, although things certainly did not end happily for Nancy, and unless you think that life on the streets is a fun game, It was not necessarily a good ending for a fugue or dodger, a tune of their energetic closeness) I would not classify this as a family movie, although I do not think it would be harmful to children over the age of seven or eight. This is a cruel story about an unfortunate orphan trying to survive on the streets and find some happiness. I think it would be very interesting to see a recent update on this, how reviewers can take it, as people on Compton's streets turn to happy songs about their terrible lives. I would like to see the hip-hop version of Oliver! I always thought that Dickens would translate well into these areas. As it is, "Oliver!" It is probably the last theatrical and perhaps the strangest movie I have ever seen.
