The great cinematic works of art were created between 1950 and 1970. This twentieth floor may be called the Golden Age of this genre. There was musical music before, and there have been musical works since then, but the real classics seem to have been made during that period. Singin 'in The Rain, American in Paris, The Band Wagon, Seven Brides For Seven Brothers, Oklahoma, South Pacific, The King And I, and many more, stand as long as the cherished products of the time. Perhaps the last great musical of the "Golden Age" is Carol's "Oliver" in 1968. This free-flowing piece of Dickens's is a cinematic version of a successful theatrical production. It's a great movie, winning six Oscar awards, including the Best Picture Award. <br /> <br /> Orphan Oliver Twist (Mark Lester) lives in a miserable life in a work house. His mother died moments after he was born. After one incident and one meal, he is expelled from work and ends up in a funeral salon. But Oliver does not settle well in his new job, and escapes after a few turbulent days. He is making a long trip to London where he hopes to get his fortune. Oliver is taken under the wing of the pickpocket named Artful Dodger (Jack Wild), who also works with Fagin (Ron Moody), the old crook who is responsible for a band of child thieves. Despite the illegal nature of the work, Oliver finds close friends among his new "family". He also knows Nancy (Shani Wallis), friend of the most cruel and most fearful of them all, the threat of Bill Sykes (Oliver Reid). After many adventures, Oliver discovers his real ancestors and finds that he is actually a rich background and singer. But his chance to reunite with his real family is jeopardized when Bill Sykes takes advantage of Oliver's power, making him a partner in some particularly serious and ambitious robberies. <br /> <br /> "Oliver" is a brilliantly assembled film, a permanent eye-opener and brilliantly acted by the talented cast. Moody recreates his role on stage, stealing the film from young people with his active performance such as Fagin. The performance of Leicester and Wilde are as good as young pickpockets, while Wallis is excitedly portraying Nancy's role and generating a real despicable reed like Sikes. The music numbers are displayed with amazing accuracy and a stunning sensation - the Oscar-winning choreography on Onna White helps make the group of songs and dance unforgettable, but the vibrant performers and Carol Reed's skillful direction also play their part. Unforgettable tunes include "Food Glorious Food," "Think of yourself," "Choose a pocket or two", "I'll do anything" and "Oom-Pah-Pah" - all the very attractive songs, Well put together sequence. The film is a completely entertaining experience and does not really lose momentum during its 153 minutes. Relax and enjoy!
