It was done almost well ... "John Carpenter's Vampires" was amusing, a hard piece of popcorn entertainment with a budget small enough not to be surpassed by special effects. It is clearly aimed at "from dusk to dawn", hearing. The film "Vampires: Los Muertos", starting with rock star John Bon Jovi plays one of the main characters, but is this almost good ...: I have not seen John Bon Jovi in ​​any other film, so I can not compare his acting in the film "Vampires : Los Muertos "in his other roles, but I was really surprised by his good performance. After the film began, he convinced me not to expect him to pick up any guitar and play "It's My Life" or anything, but kill the vampires, show no mercy and do something to do. That means a lot, because part of the audience (I too) was probably thinking: "... just because he's a music star ...". Of course, Bon Jovi is not James Woods, but frankly: it could have been much worse, and in my opinion, Bon Jovi had performed very well. The vampires played by Arly Goffer are not the skin-dead killer of the vampire leader whom we met in Part 1 (or in a similar way in "Mars ghosts"). Jover plays a very seductive and very exciting vampire, moving like a cat, attacking the snake and wearing a thin, almost transparent cloth. Even the visual effects that support its type of movement are well made. It takes some beating really. But the director in some parts of the film only avoids just converting the film from horror film to a horror film such as "Sensitive Nosferatu" in Murnau. You can almost see the temptation of the director to create a film with a very personal note and different from the original. This is the true power of the film and at the same time the weakest point: the audience celebrating the funful bloodshed of the first film may expect a second bloodbath for the second time and may be a little frustrated. Make no mistake: "Vampires: Los Muertos" is a fun bath but not just all the time this kind of movies. Just think of the massacre at the bar compared to the scene where vampires try to seduce Zoey in the rubble: the bar massacre is what you expect from the American popcorn entertainment, the scene of Zoe's seduction in the scene. It is more like European cinema (the film is keen to tell us more about the relationship between Zoe and Masa, but refuses the answers at the same time because it will slow the movement ?, a creature now suffering and not just a beast that slaughters just anyone). This is the point for me to decide whether the film has been accepted by the original film audience or not. And also: Is it "from dusk to dawn" - the voice will really admire this? I'm not sure about that. However Tommy Lee Wallace did a really great job, "Vampires: Los Muertos" surprisingly good. But I also think that taking out part of a popcorn film, Wallace is sometimes almost creative, very expressive. Such as it prevents himself from developing his talent in order to meet the expectations of the public. In my opinion, Wallace's talent fills the film with life and may sometimes suck at the same time. "Vampires: Los Muertos" very good. (Give it 7 out of 10)
