I imagine that Victorian literature is slowly drowning in the quagmire of the increasingly distant past, and is heavily weighted by its interior skirts. Comes along with television: at its best, has a compensatory power, and with dramas like those produced by the BBC brilliantly, Victorian literature gets a new stab in life. Religious themes, moral connotations, may be increasingly sick in a world that is no longer easy to shock, and to identify cohabitation, affairs and domestic violence. But those old stories with good stories have a firm power, and this is one of the hidden gemstones. <br /> <br /> It is difficult today to measure Anne Brunet's brilliant, powerful and brilliant masterpiece, "The Tenant of Wildfell Hall", which was, in fact, emerging from the primordial mud of restrictive corsets - physical, mental and societal - by her hero, Helen Huntingdon , She survives a miserable marriage, escapes brutality and alcoholism, is surprised not only by the anger of her abusive husband but by fanning the sluggish community and the malicious gossip to make a difference in her life: she pays the price but keeps her respect for herself; she falls in love along the way; But a victor, and a strong.I like watching women like these on the screen. <br /> <br /> The actors are wonderful? Tara Fitzgerald inhabits every facet of the complex heroine, and as has been said here by other reviewers, the less beautiful and delicate face can survive This stylized hairstyle, Toby Stevens, is remarkable for her, contributing only to the right mix of handsome young men who are handsome and weak-hearted.Robert Graves (one of the most beloved British representatives of all time) enjoys himself as the attractive villain (to the extent that you are almost with him at the end). There is no one perfect). The supportive support layer creates a world in which it drowns without feeling that there has been a rude compromise to modern tastes and without preaching. Another classic of the BBC, highly recommended: this is how romantic literature should be dramatic in them.
