"Creep" is a new horror film, no doubt, will satisfy many genre lovers simply because it comes back to some extent without conscience! It has many real shock moments, a lot of hateful jug sequences and rare throttle tension. What he did not get was logic and a solid plot, but to tell you the truth, it did not bother me for a second. When the final credits begin, there are still many unanswered questions, but it seems that director / writer Christopher Smith (at the beginning) prefers to focus fully on the tension and actions that trigger adrenaline rather than long-term deadly rhetoric and theories that can explain There is a "creep" in London Metro. The story revolves around Kate and the arrogant young woman, who leave her private concert to go to meet the famous actor George Clooney in the city to present his new film. She falls asleep on the subway, misses the last train and finds herself trapped in the subway network. Things get really terrifying when you encounter crazy crazy living in old tunnels and kill / kidnap people for their experience. Even experienced displaced persons, security guards or sanitation workers can not save them from this predator beast! I have really dug a creeping personality! It is nausea, heinous and primitive but in a wonderful strange way. Christopher Smith leaves us only clues and clues, and it is up to the viewer only to guess the origins of this vile creature and its background. I think this is not very original, and I'm sure a lot of people will not appreciate the lack of content, but I tolerated Smith and I think it's better that way to beat the top completely, "Jeepers Creepers" - style (this film started well too, Once the identity of Creeper was clear, it turned into a very modest horror effort). The obvious side to love is the obscene Gore! There is some extreme slaughter in this film and makeup, as well as sound effects, very convincing. The ominous setup of the London Underground is being used effectively during the night. There are also some acting talents in this film, with the return of Franka Potenta (Run Lola Run) to the horror film about five years after the film "Anatomie" German wonderful. Creep is a wonderful entertainment when you are in a mood, and Christopher Smith is definitely the outlet I will watch. Make sure you do not have to take the subway right after watching this movie ...
