Emory is a Cincinnati steel worker like his father before him, and during most of the twentieth century, the double corner of his family existence were the steel plant and the union. The factory, which had previously operated 45,000, has seen its number dwindle to 5000 recently and now 1, where the plant has closed its doors, leaving one security guard. At first Emory, who is newly unemployed and his friends, is independent, huddled around the city and strolling through their favorite pub, dropping "deep accusations" to give up the reckless. They believe the plant will reopen after hearing the optimistic language of their union, but the reality begins to crumble when they find themselves selling their cars in a struggle to put food on the table and avoid locking up their homes. Emory's father, a trade unionist, is certain that the factory will reopen and remember to his son all the short-term closures in 35 years at the factory. At the same time, some unemployed men occupy degrading jobs or ride their trucks and embark on a desperate search for work. <br /> <br /> Finally, the union recognizes its impotence, as Emory explained to his stubborn father that times have changed and that the mill will never open again. "What did you do wrong?" Emory asks. As an age of hard work and dedication to work, the union, church and family left him with nothing and no place to turn to. He hits the bottom when he gets angry drunk in addressing his young children and knocks his wife to the ground. Emory got out of his house and proceeded from the factory manager's comments that he and his men had not worked hard enough to justify their large salaries. Emory was recruiting steel workers who were still in the town to do something that would show everyone what they were capable of. In the early morning, they rush to the factory, burn the ovens and work harder than ever before, and produce in one fit enough high-quality steel pipes to fill the loading platforms from the wall to the wall, from top to bottom - something the factory manager thought was impossible . <br /> <br /> Upon arriving at the suddenly reopened factory, the stupid manager around him looks at the massive production that came from working one day, realizing that production like this can make the plant profitable once again. The manager asks Emory: "Can you do this every day?" Emory forced to nod "No" and the manager asks, "Then what were you trying to prove?" Emory explains that hard labor contracts, honesty and sincerity of their jobs made sense and that by showing how much they could produce one day "we spit in your eyes." Emory deposited his wife and children goodbye to tears as he took off with his comrades to look for work in the south, and promised to move the family when he found them. <br /> <br /> This is a powerful and sincere remedy for the plight of American workers who have been displaced by foreign competition and give a realistic view of the costs they pay for shortsighted trade unions demanding concessions and owners of greedy plants who have extracted every penny from their factories but have not responded to their modernization. Peter Strauss as Emory, John Goodman as his best friend, Gary Cole as his sister in college, Pamela Reid as a wife sympathetic to Emory and John Dusit as his deceased father all perform well in this beautiful picture.
