Ah, McCain? Immortalized the name of the character and forever mocked by the "Simpsons" but also always? For me personally, at least? Is the name and address of the dust of the work in the early nineties; directed by the gentle dude who brought us the "pesticide" and starring two of the most famous Badas film heroes Christopher Walken and Michael Ironside (the latter with a nice muscular horse tail). I think McBain should be named largely as a guilty pleasure, because there is no way to convince anyone that this is a mental movement image. The film is unimaginably useful (most action heroes deal with a small fly-fly? It takes up an entire country) and takes itself very seriously. The script is a set of unstoppable and inconsistent cliches of vulgar attitudes, irrational spasms, mandatory emotional separations, sequentially sequenced sequences of work, and completely unreasonable character sketches. It's a perfectly comic film. loved it. <br /> <br /> The life of the Vietnam War prisoner was saved by fellow soldier Roberto Santos on the last day of the war. Each holding a half dollar as a symbol of the debtors in Santos debt. Eighteen years later, Santos is a strong rebel leading the revolution against the corrupt president of his native Colombia. Santos' initial attempt to seize power failed and was publicly executed on the president's balcony. His sister travels to New York with the dollar and moves to Macbayne for financial help and manpower. Mbekin and his former colleagues in Vietnam, who have suffered from distress in this world, rented a miserable little plane and flew to Colombia to open a giant can of turkey. <br /> <br /> Well, let's not fool each other here. The fact that you're reading a user's commentary on "McBain" already indicates that you have some interest in making a low-budget B movie. One of my fellow reviewers spent some time compiling a list containing all the major stupidity and unfamiliar moments of "McBain". This menu is quite accurate and I can only agree with it. Heck, I can even add some meaningless sequences to that list (such as the unnecessary obnoxious self-sacrifice a soldier did not even have any affinity with the task objective and the rest of McBain's squad), but what's the point? You know for sure not to expect a 100% coherent and reasonable masterpiece. We know beforehand that this film will be a ridiculous and exaggerated film, and perhaps the exact reason behind our desire to check it out! It is a horrifying and horrifying film about a group of former Vietnamese comrades turning into mercenaries and declaring war against the corrupt Colombian president and the national drug gang. Please do not expect another "Apocalypse Now". This particular cinematic image is based on the ruff 'n tuff representations of intelligence, a lot of blasts and gun battles and? Last but not least ?? Fantastic soundtrack in which Joan Bayes sang "Brothers in Arms".
