First, explain: Despite the main title, I only give this 8-star film just because it's generally not the best movie ever produced. All the criticisms recorded here have valid points. Also, be warned that you enjoy the scenario, you really need to appreciate Neil Simon's brilliance in finding intelligence within a real human joke. He has a distinctive ear for dialogue in New York - especially the dry, Jewish and full of love - and if you have a problem accepting ridicule as an expression of love, you may have trouble accepting optimism at the heart of this film. <br /> <br /> Lots of warnings. Here's my main point: Walter Matau is perfect, even after perfection, in this film. I have never seen him play more or less in touch with this matter - because at the same time we have the joy of this character who refuses to give up his superstar image or his insurmountable positions even as his cohesion recedes. He also shows us the most vulnerable, And perhaps even the person who is tragically afraid inside the cave. It just barely shows us that sad part - it's just enough to get you really if you're dealing with mental deterioration for your father or your husband right now (I mention this as a warning), but technically enough, Pathos has to give this character deeper roots than I have seen in any Movie performance maybe. This is beyond the representation method - Matthau's performance is as wonderful as personal action and exclusive joy like comic delivery. This is a masterpiece of comic acting. <br /> <br /> About Richard Benjamin: Personally, I find it disturbing in general, and his work in this film is no exception - although he has some beautiful moments here. ("Funny Chicken ...." is one of them.) So if you love it, you should love it here, and if you do not do it it will not change your mind. <br /> <br /> About the 1976 Oscars ... I agree that Matthau was unfortunate to have been against Nicholson in the Cuckoo's Nest that year. It has been a deadly year for competition among senior representatives. If there were separate Oscar awards for comedy and drama, I think the best actor for the Oscars would have gone to the Pacino for "Dog Day Afternoon" and Walter Matthau for "The Sunshine Boys" - and not to hinder Jack's wonderful work like McMurphy. Of Pacheco and Matau were more intelligent, effective and amazingly fast in their performance of Nicholson that year. Also, I think Burns got the Oscar for more emotional reasons than his performance - I mean he was good in this film, but not good. (Burns' return was superb and unprecedented in itself to show the victory of Brad Dorf for the first time in Cuckoo's Nest, not to mention the spectacular appearance of Chris Sarandon in "Dog Day Afternoon" - which I think proves my theory.) <br /> <br /> Regardless of the theories of the Oscars, here's my basic comment: If you like Matthau's musical representation, look for this movie and enjoy the taste of his strong, grandma-inspired gestures, and the quick and seemingly uncomplicated facial expressions. (But if you are currently dealing with the pain of seeing an old person lose his grip, then he warned that this movie might be either the comic relief you need or a very painful dose of reality to watch at this time.)
