This movie was badly received and reviewed badly. Rebecca West's book was written in 1918, shortly after the First World War, when shock shock and memory loss caused by shocks were not cliches, where reviewers are often referred to as books and films. War and horror of the first war experience of the use of deadly gas, the British class system which the wife thought was very important, the mischievous pastor, the lover of the past is still seen with the eyes of love being young and beautiful as It was 20 years ago. <br /> <br /> Alan Bates as a memory-loss soldier who "will die" if he is not allowed to see Margaret, the young girl of his dreams, based on the dedication shown by his character in the film "Away from the Crowds." Having seen this performance, it is possible to feel a strong romantic attachment to the girl who did not live up to the expectations of family and society. Margaret says, "We quarreled, and as you walked, you drew your face away from me." So we know that separation was something that drove him to incite him, but he brought shame on him, but he forgot the shame in his memory with Margaret. I have not seen all his films, but in the films I have seen, it gives a strong memory, even in this role as a disabled soldier. <br /> <br /> I did not even know Margaret at first and feel that her performance has been underestimated. Because of not reading the book, she wondered whether the child who died was the result of acting on the incest line between Jenny and Chris, although Jenny was reported to be a "cousin". The way that Kitty keeps Jenny in the nursery in the place where the hair is dried, the fact that Kitty says she always dries her hair in that room seems more like a way to keep the anger coal hot than the direction of the room to the sun or feeling towards a missing child, and the statement she made She wished Chris did not feel the need to keep the room exactly as it was when the child was alive, making her seem indifferent to the child's memory. Also, Jenny is shown to live at home in a subordinate role, as did the upscale society of a fallen member of the time. <br /> <br /> Having recently received the intense imagination of lovers (non-sexual, in keeping with the norms of time) of 50 years, it can relate to the dilemma of Margaret and her husband. I, too, was thrown aside because I was not good enough for his family, and when I re-discovered him online, I was overwhelmed by helping him deal with his still very terrifying experience in Vietnam and marrying a woman over his wife. The class did not think he loved. My husband, like Margaret, was very understanding, but the breed was very real. The lover finally managed to reconcile his realistic situation with that of his only love. <br /> <br /> I thought it was a good decision to show very little of the war experience that was happening in Chris's mind. I thought of "Mrs. Dalloway" with a World War I soldier who practices very violent memories and criticizes suicide in exchange for the joy of Chris by his imagination of Margaret. By contrast, the movement of the soldier in the film "Ms. Dalloway" seems exaggerated. <br /> <br /> The demonstration that the psychiatrist understood little of what was happening to Chris underscores the main problem faced by the entire group. Everyone seems to be regaining their lives, but was this the right choice?
