I have just watched this wonderful 1982 film "The Return of the Soldier," based on Rebecca West's novel. It's about the 40-year-old captain who is shocked and does not tell his wife until he returns to British territory, but is still in a hospital in London. He lost his memory and boy again, with Yen left to the beloved lower class who sought 25 years ago. It's a sensitive story. He remains in his childhood, while the reader discovers that his wife is an unbearably ambitious social and wants to regain his place in society. Living with them is his cousin Jenny, who loved Chris Baldry the soldier, when they grew up as colleagues to play, but they settled in infertility. The lower class of women played by Glenda Jackson is Margaret Gray. SHE is notified that Chris has returned to England. Chris Kitty's wife is shocked when Mrs. Gray comes to tell her that Chris is in a hospital in London. Kitty (Julie Christie) is vicious and sneaky. She asks herself, why did this other woman send Telegraph about Chris and not about her? Chris has completely forgotten about Kitty. He wants to renew his relationship with Margaret. Married Margaret is now reluctant to meet him, but then continues to meet him. There is a psychiatrist (Ian Holm) warning Kitty and Jenny that Chris' temporary happiness with Margaret would disappear if he "cured" of his treatment. Jenny realizes that Kitty is empty for Chris and makes a secret love alliance through Margaret. Both are in love with him. Jenny wants help. In the late film, Kitty revealed that Chris and her son had died five years ago. Tell Chris this, weighs your chin, will certainly return him to "normal". But is this a good idea? Chris, who barely realizes that he and his wife Kitty are married at all, is not familiar with his child and the death of the child. The psychiatrist, who taught the child only, believes that this knowledge will bring Chris back. Jenny and Margaret have Chris for themselves because Kitty thinks he is fake and refuses to accept Chris's illness in his youth in his forties. The film leaves her mostly far-sighted about what to do with Chris. <br /> <br /> But Jenny and Margaret, in a fully-preserved baby bedroom, with Kitty also in the novel, but not in the scenario - discussed what they think should be done about Chris from their separate views. Margaret is crucial here, because despite her marriage, she fell in love with Chris again. Jenny believes Jenny's social standing will be threatened if Chris does not correct himself. She does not reveal this to Margaret. Margaret decided, in the future, that Chris could not maintain his imagination over time, but must return to something resembling real life. As Kitty and Jenny look out of the window of the house, Margaret approaches Chris outside and tells him about his missing son. Drowning head of the victim of a booming war, his shoulders slipped, he looked away. He walks depressed towards the house. Fin </a> <br /> <br /> I read some criticism of this first novel by Rebecca West. The novel wrote something after the first war. The film is never clear who is Jenny or his cousin or sister. It would be more exciting if he was his sister, of course. Criticism does not make it clear either. I am sure that the West in her novel, makes sure that Jenny is her cousin, not her sister. West is not Henry Miller nor Anis Nin, I thought in his book (incest) (about her relationship with her father as an adult even to deal with him to harass her as a child). Rebecca's author has a need to recover Chris too. She also has outposts in her head in the community that raise her story first but finally embrace it again.
