"The Shop Around The Corner (1940)" is a fun romantic comedy, not the kind that I will cherish until the end of my days, but nevertheless a movie that deserves its reputation. By 1940, director Ernest Lubitch had produced Hollywood for a long time, and the famous "Touch Touch" became a glamorous brand. The film was planned for 1939, but the timing conflict meant that James Stewart and Margaret Sullivan were not available for filming. Instead of replacing any of his main stars, Lubitch decided to postpone production, while Greta Garbo was directed to "Ninotchka (1939)." When it was finally finished, the "The Shop Around The Corner" seemed to have received relative indifference, winning Oscar nominations in spite of an excellent scenario by Samson Raphaelson and great performances by his leadership and Frank Morgan in a supporting role. However, it has betrayed the time for the massive and lasting impact of the film, with high-level reproduction including "Summer's Oldest Summer (1949)" and "I've Got Mail (1998)." <br /> <br /> On the surface, one might assume that "The Shop Around The Corner" is just a story of two lovers, Clara Novak (Solavan) and Alfred Kralik (Stuart), who love each other without knowing it. However, Loebach's film goes even deeper. It is the story of Matuschek and Company, the elegant gift shop in Budapest, and the various human relationships that make the store like a cohesive family. When the shopkeeper Hugo Matuchek (Frank Morgan) begins to doubt that the oldest employee has a relationship with his wife, we are seeing the collapse of two families, both at home and at work. Is there no reason why the story is not shown in the United States ?? Maybe on the streets of troubled New York ?? But Loebish was deliberately reminding the feelings and memories of his previous years in Europe, and the strangeness of love and life before the war brought terrorism and bloodshed to every doorstep. This delicate subtitle brings a more important personal touch to the film ?? In fact, even while writing this review, I began to appreciate the story more. <br /> <br /> Sullavan and Stewart are both fantastic in their respective roles, but I believe that they are truly supporting actors. The film makes every character bring a distinctive personality to the mix, and their interactions are always reliable and enjoyable. I was particularly impressed with the manner in which Lubitch deliberately intended much of our sympathy for Hugo Matuschk, who in any other film was limited to a two-dimensional backward representation. Matuschik may have lost his family's love, but he regained the passion of his staff, and you feel a sad glow when he finds, in the bitter cold of a blizzard on Christmas Eve, on a young mission facing freckles. The boy (Charles Smith). This real warmth towards a supportive figure amazes me that it is similar to many subsequent creations of Billy Wilder, for example, Boom Boom Jackson in 'The Fortune Cookie (1966)' or Carlo Carlucci in 'Avanti! (1972). "Of course, you do not really need to say, but Billy Wilder learned from the best.
