Shopping around the Corner is one of the nicest and most wonderful romantic comics ever made. There is nothing about it, and it is difficult to put one's feelings into this film in words. It is not one of those films that try too hard, and do not come up with the most bizarre scenarios possible to eventually bring together the parties. In fact, all its magic is innate, exists within the characters, the preparation and the plot ... which is very believable to take off. It's easy to imagine that a love story, as beautiful as any other story, can happen to you ... and the feeling that you do not often get it from another romantic comedy, no matter how beautiful. <br /> <br /> Alfred Kralik (James Stewart) and Clara Novak (Margaret Solavan) did not have the most auspicious first encounters when she arrived at the store (Matoshik & Co.) where he had worked for nine years. They collide from the start, most of them through a box of cigarettes playing music when they open it - thought to be an ironic idea; they are selling a large one of them and being hired. Their quarrels take them over the next six months, even when each of them (unconsciously of course!) Are in love with each other when they share their souls and minds in messages that have passed through mailbox 237. This will be a very thin scheme to be based on a full movie, The store around The CORNER is beautifully embellished with supportive actors composed of very attractive characters, from Hugo Matuschek (Frank Morgan) himself, who learns that his shop is home to Felix Kress, a friend of Kralik's friend, who always skips outside the room when confronted Smady pimp-du-jour Vadas (Joseph Childcrawt) who eventually gets the A bout of righteous Karlik; and ambitious boy ambitious Baby Catona (William Tracy) who wants nothing more than to be promoted to the position of clerk for Matuschek & Co. , A modest love story is displayed between "My dear friends" in this tiny shop in Budapest, Hungary, in which the unwanted Kralik was expelled and the subsequent promotion of the store manager helped two lovebirds to be along. It's good that everyone gets a story in this film; supportive characters are well developed, and Matoshick's own journey into life is almost as impressive as the share of Alfred and Clara. His invitation to the neglected new boy Rudy (Charles Smith) for Christmas Eve dinner, made in the beautiful Hungarian winter snow, makes the audience happy because it is not alone; we care even about the characters who tell the story of this film. <br /> <br /> Regardless of the story of love, I must say that James Stewart is really one of the best things in this film. He does not play Jimmy Stewart's full character in this film (Si / Smith goes Smith to Washington); Alfred Cralik is actually barbed and surprising and not particularly pleasant. It is rather a terrible man, in fact, with little hint (even, perhaps, the end) of boyish charm applied at home, Stewart will soon be patented. When Clara discovers that they were identical, in fact, he does not feel it - he is waiting for her to see how far he can take the farce, especially because he quickly realizes (because of his stormy relationship with Clara as president and underling) that the love of the person he knows During the exchanged messages may not equal the love of the person himself. He described to Matthias Bobkin the fictional (who has a name!) Who would have become her fiancee Farhana, but also his way of proving that the messages do not reveal all that matters to the man, just as the letters do not reveal everything to her. Stuart plays this role perfectly - he keeps his face completely controlled whenever Clara deplores Mr. Kralik, as she often does, even (especially) on his face. Yet, under mystery and professionalism, one believes that he can reveal his identity with the same seriousness, sincerity and great hope as he does at the end. <br /> <br /> Special mention should also be made of other members of the working group. Margaret Sullivan was less fortunate in the first half of the film, but she actually comes into her close-up scene on Christmas Eve, when her heart was almost broken again by describing Alfred's most vital lover to her mailbox. Frank Morgan turns into a great performance, with jealous Hugo Matoschik pushing him to a nervous breakdown, the man who has to rediscover his meaning in life when he realizes that his 22-year-old wife does not want to grow up with him. Felix Preessart plays Perovic as a depositary, but a good pro (Loebich the ordinary, because he appears as a hilarious Russian ambassador to NINOTCHKA) - and it is worth noting that his unique friend is helping Christmas. The last * really * wants ... wallet instead of the glossy cigarette box, Clara hanging. <br /> <br /> Ernest Lubitch really takes pride in this film - for example, the meticulous and meticulous care of detail in the establishment of the Matochik shop deserves all the effort, up to the Hungarian names on the door, the pots and the cash register and so on. But although Lubitsch chose to put the story in Hungary, only the setting is already universal: it can happen anywhere; it can happen to you. Here lies the magic of this simple story, these reasonable figures who are in fact people. The snow on Christmas night is also real, or at least as much as the ability of Lubitch to make it (he had snow machines brought at great expense). This desire to make everything seem as realistic as possible is what helps make the story more believable, and this gives the entire film realistically as soon as it can not be repeated. (No, even in a remake like YOU'VE GIL MAIL.) <br /> <br /> * This is really the Jimmy Stewart Christmas movie that people lose when they talk about a wonderful life. Not to detract from the advantages of this other film, but there will be no harm, and indeed a lot of good, was done in the "shopping around the corner" viewing this Christmas this year instead. It is sweet, funny, charming and Stuart does not play his role. We must all be very lucky to see romance in this film; the best thing about this film is that we have moved away from it and feel that maybe we can.
