This is full of major spoilers, so watch out. <br /> <br /> "Prix de Beaute" has always been compared to the films of Louise Brooks of GW Pabst, "Pandora's Box" and "Diary of a Lost Girl," but in some ways, "Prix" Here is a chance to be a witch without the dark side of her collaboration Babst .. What "Prix" is that Pabst's movies are not music.In this early French film, the magic of Louise Brooks is strongly combined with a mix of pictures, songs and music. (She was the first to dance in Europe), but the essence of the actress appears more strongly in tango, and the tango plays a plot point in "Prix," the music she danced with during her short climb to After she became Miss Europe.Then, when she relinquishes her fame for the earthly existence of a wife to jealous husband André, the longing for her abandoned fame becomes apparent when the tango records itself in her apartment record. The documentary about her life, "The Search for Lulu," a film by Shirley McLean, is characterized by the tasteless and powerful quality of the tango with the powerful Louise Brux character, but she is elegant and attractive. <br /> <br /> "Je n'ai qu'un amour, c'est toi" adds a great deal of lament to what is not a great film (but a very good one). By the way, Brooks's voice was not called Edith Piaf as the film claimed. Biaff was born in 1915 and was not discovered until 1935. However, the song is what the character of Brooks, Lucien, tells Andre at the beginning of the film to humiliate him and express her deep feelings towards him. At the height of this song is the song you sing for a screen test, which you see with producers and managers who plan to shape their career. Continues on the screen after her husband André, who followed her to the examination room, shot and killed her. In one shot, with the restoration of the body of Lucinenne at the bottom of the screen while its screen continues to be tested above the song it once sang to Andre, the essence of what films do not characterize other artistic forms is quite distinct. While Andre watches his dead wife singing to him on the screen, the murder weapon still smokes, smiling brilliantly. He is now his forever, and assemblies, to us. <br /> <br /> Coincidentally, real life career Louise Brookes crashed and burned after the "Prix de Beaute", so she was also the final death of the championship. This film already seals the magic of Brooks over the films of Babest (which are superior films, no doubt). He also points to films that create the whole idea of ​​movie "cult" - where people like Brooks, James Dean and Marilyn Monroe live more intensely after their deaths than they were when they were alive.
