A love story mania pushed to its limits and a beautiful swan, its beauty is a reminder of its premature demise. PRIX DE BEAUTE was set at the beginning of the talks, a fine line for being a silent film - still at its core - and joking with sound and sound effects. The effect is a little annoying for anyone who enters this movie because the recorded sound is very difficult and does not help at all. Listening to an audio conversation edited through the beach start sequence, for example, is part of the film, such as the actress called the Louise Brooks dialogue, thus stealing the audience from good performance. Otherwise, the film runs fairly well, with little leaps in continuity here and there - something very common in films from this era - and this mysterious ambiguity is perceived as a model of silence. This is, in a way, a film experience, closer to Sergei Eisenstein's style of visual presentation and semi-intimate approaches that elevate him from a more pedestrian level. Louise Brooks plays a less flamboyant personality than she has known to her: she is a fashion designer and decides on a lark to enter a beauty contest despite strong opposition to her very busy girlfriend. Her role is in the thirties of the last century and contemporary in his time. The latest flapper / Jazz Baby roles were shown on the screen and now, with the beginning of female independence, women were represented as professionals in the film. The character of Brooks who decides to leave her boyfriend (even if she "reconciles" with him later) is also slightly ahead of her time. However, the fatal flaw of her personality is her willingness to believe what does not exist - that her boyfriend wants her to succeed - and this is what brings her to an end in the cinema. This final sequence looks like something outside of Hitchcock directly in its intense suspense (as described in MAN MAN KNEW TOO MUCH) and excerpts from Brooks and her picture on the screen and her killer friend. The most exciting thing is the "Brookes" that still sings with "dead" now - a terrifying effect for a strong film and chills.
