We saw the silent version of this film, which is simply very beautiful and glossy. It is very difficult to know how to create an audio version, because it is filmed with pure silent technology, and long non-talkable narration without one title - except for some disturbing sequences where Louise Brooks, who plays the role of French typist, speaks very clearly in English ... The only section that clearly screams about the sound is the final scene, where Brooks sees the rush to audition for "The Soundtrack": clips that are constantly occupied in the background as the work evolves, with her mouth moving into a song without a continuous sound. I was not surprised to learn then that this section alone in the talkie version has been welcomed as an example of a new technique! <br /> <br /> In the sunny beauty of its opening scenes and the inevitability of fairy tales, the film is like a dream. Like Louise Brooks, it was not at all what I was expecting, both from her comedy movies in Hollywood or from the German melodramas at GWPabst: I found the term more fluid and fun than either, and Brooks is a different creature, a strong laughing little animal rather than a blood shop window Or a puppet being manipulated. <br /> <br /> But what gives this film a deeper depth than initially appears is the unexpected second half; repulsed by the rich parasites that gather around its beauty, the poor princess returns to a blood-stained reunion with her humble, real-born love. The story may have ended there. A fairy tale, however, turns into a tragedy. The scammer Graubowski, confident of his ability to manipulate the women he wishes, is quite right in his own self-interested predictions - young lovers can not make each other happy - and it was ironic that André was right not to trust in the social impact of beauty contests: Poisoning her glory, Lucien frees herself to despair of the routine of married life, while her husband, in turn, is wild from any reminder of the whole issue. If this is a simple case of a mismatched marriage, it would be one thing ... but the real tragedy is that they love each other. <br /> <br /> Remember "Prix de Beauté" in many ways to me from "Sunrise" Mornau. But if so, the scenes of the exhibition grounds and the photographer here will constitute a distorted mirror image of joyful reconciliation in "Sunrise"; no dream but the nightmare of alienation. The next dawn brings no miracle reunion but an empty bed and an abandoned house. Leaving a message to say that she loves and will always love him, Lucien disappears again from André's life in search of brightness and freedom; this time she will never return. <br /> <br /> Gossip columns confirm all Andre's worst beliefs, because he learns about his wife's place through the reports linking her name to Grabowski. When the young man finally penetrates the grand campus of the examination room, he is armed with a flat weapon - to be greeted by his rival, flirting with Lucien as he laughs, the same woman she has vowed to love. He kills her, but even when the living image on the screen kills her, Lucien is in all her transformed glory because he has never seen her. The two women are combined in a powerful and endless moment, where André is seen, captured, irresistible, and pulled away: the tense girl and her lyrical teeth still exposed above, caught without knowing the time in eternity and celluloid, playing unconsciously with life, death or love beneath her ... <br /> <br /> The film's main component is the character of his co-worker, André Antonin, who seems to have no role in being a licensed liar. He is the ugly person who can never get the girl, the evil leader who stumbled into the temples and at work, and he must take it with a vague and uncertain smile in his hopeless hope of social acceptance: a typical product of the other words, bullying the most talented and popular, It seems that one of the attendees is invited to laugh with his torturers. Unless the intent is to expose the dark side of the heroes (who I see no sign of it), the character seems to exist only as a playful theater, but an artificial comedy with a clearly bad edge. When we know him just as a peeping Tom in the watery side, easy to laugh, although the revenge of others seems a little higher; when we discover that he is not strange by chance, but Andre's fellow usual farewell, fast attacks stop quickly to be very funny. <br /> <br /> But these are the remaining images. Beauty, nightmare and dream.
