I was very impressed with Mitchell Leisen, so it was a great expectation that I hired this film, but the print I got was very bad, so I got back from using it and seemingly rehearsed it without a fix, the film was very dark. So dark that in some scenes that are filmed in the dark, you can not see one thing. However, I think I share the same opinion with the first review of this film. It starts unusually and does not carry the lines and rhythms of the typical Hollywood 30 movie. Heck, not even your Hollywood model film in any age. The director seems to have been influenced by the Europeans because there is some caustic realism to the opening shot procedure set up in the motion of the camera and placed as Maggie meets (Carole Lombard) and Skid (Fred McMurray). Half of them expect to start singing "Make a Credibility" from the Boat Show. He starts with a few laughs and a poor Anthony in one role where Freddy does not speak English. Skiing is a boom that does not care about bum. That is why he registered in the army where he can hide from the world. He was released in spite of that, and in a group of hooligans in the script, she missed her boat to New York. This is the time when the film begins to rise and we start to get those French films from the sixties of feelings to the whole procedure. The scenes are well represented by Lombard and Cecil Cunningham, and the film wins a beat. MacMurray is also good where he and Lombard fall with each other while nurturing his talent in the trumpet. Then the charm comes in the form of Dorothy Lamor. Enough with the plot. The film contains wonderful montage sequences that amaze me. They are very good. Lombard achieves a local position in this film, but in the second half, little more than Freddie is called and failed to deliver the goods. By the end of an intense melodrama and incredible actor, the film is short, but it's not your usual film of structure, design and direction. It's worth a look. Since it was one of 37 visits in the 1936-1937 season. I do not know exactly her rank.
