I encountered this film for the first time when I read a book (written in the seventies) about the life of Mitchell Leesin. I must admit that over the years I have seen many of his films and find his best works with really high quality. SWING HIGH, SWING LOW was supposed to be one of his best. Although she did not carry me, it did not impress me as much as I did the time of dawn, or death, or feast, or even golden ears. I think this is due only to so many dates that you do not like much. <br /> <br /> The work at Paramount Leisin encountered a problem in those films he performed and which was musical. Most of the grades he worked on were fairly mediocre. True, twice appeared in his films, but they were really rare: "Cocktales for Two" appeared in MURDER AT THE VANITIES, and "Mona Lisa" came out of CAPTAIN CAREY, USA. But the rest of the AT MURDER points was forgetful promoter. "Mona Lisa" is the only tune in Captain Care. This should not be the case - Leysin's studio worked for Rogers and Hart to work in the early 1930s. Why was not he assigned a project with them? The result for SWING HIGH, SWING LOW, is fun but memorable. Unfortunately, the film is concentrated in the world of entertainment, where Fred McMurray shows great talent as a trumpet player (so that Carol Lombard performs in his performance by wrapping his arms around her when he gives his horn). The song (which Lombard sang) about how to raise her mistress is important in the plot. She works in the film, but it would have been better if the song had been more distinctive. <br /> <br /> There is a strange style of film - starting on an oceanic ship operated by Lombard, as a manicuring man. She is constantly being bullied by her boss, Franklin Bangbourn (barber). Then the ship enters the Panama Canal, and we see that McMurray is a soldier, and that recruitment ends soon. Their first scene together has a nice Leisin touch in it: MacMurray talks to Lombard, which is on the roof of the boat and is on the edge of the lock wall. A nice way to keep the workflow going while doing a little dialogue. <br /> <br /> The film follows the rise and fall of Skid Johnson (MacMurray) during his meeting with Bloombard, and begins his reputation as a trumpet player, but meets "The Other Woman" in the film, Dorothy Lamor. The best moments of the film deal with the breakdown of the relationship with Lombard, and his breakdown as a jazz musician (his appearance and alcohol need is not of the quality of the MacMurray character - even his darker characters such as Walter Neff or Mr. Sheldrake or Caine Mutiny's naval officer does not appear to be dependent on alcohol. /> <br /> Lombard is as good as the woman I loved but Miss McMurray missed, and Lamour does not have much to do - the film may have had more scenes with it, but one of her most notable is her attempt to introduce MacMurray onto the cart again. In his opening film Pangborn Okay, and rarely noticed in films, the little actor is part of Ka Charles Goodworth is as trivial in this film as usual, but he has one moment when he looks skinned at his hands on a piano keyboard. In the rooms he is, his girlfriend, McMurray, and Lombard's share - his red appearance is the critical cause of the lying that MacMurray insists on as real.It has been a subtle subtle moment.If only his accuracy in acting is not moments of wicked humor.
