Neil Simon, ODD COUPLE, set a model for many of his subsequent plays. Felix Anger and Oscar Madison were partners in the room unconnected to the original, where the first was picky and neat, and the last was ugly and ill. Simon was rewriting (less successful) the play in the 1990s as the new ODD pair, with roommates. I have made it a mixed couple (a woman with her daughter, a man) in GOODBYE girls. She also gave her an extra touch in 1973 with The Sunshine BOYS, a Broadway song starring Jack Alberson and Sam Levine as Lewis and Willie Clarke, old-timers and half-retirees. Here the "flat" problem is reduced to a team of two men who can not stand with each other. The 1976 film starred Walter Matthau as Willie, and George Burns as Al. <br /> <br /> In fact, Al may not think badly about Willie - Willie is a patient at Al. First Al had small habits, such as spitting slightly by mistake when the words beginning with the letter "t" began, and Willie worried slightly with his index finger on the stage. Second, Al retired when his wife died. Willy was not ready to retire (his nephew and worker, Ben (Richard Benjamin), was forced to try to get jobs in commercials, but Willie could not remember the lines unless she was funny and kept her heart. br> <br /> <br /> Ben is asked to retrieve the two of them together for live viewing of their most famous cartoon in a television show about American comedy. Moreover, Willie insists on the changes (minor changes, but they get rid of Al) like s For "ENTER !!!" when Al knocks on the door, a failed initial rehearsal, but Ben can move them to the show bar, and the question is whether they will complete the scene in the final program. The three threads, Matao, Burns and Benjamin, perform well through single lines, and certainly remind us of the taste of voodoo (for example: "Chest pains ... I get pain in my chest Uncle Willy." Every Thursday I came to Here I get the chest pain! "" So, come on Friday! "). Although Matthau's harsh external crust makes it difficult (he only smiles when he discusses the glory days of vaudeville), Matthau has a slightly better understanding of the reality (at first) of Burns, who seems to have been a repeat fool himself - But in fact, Matthau's feeling of rejection by the world he once applauded made him less willing to act properly. Burns is not sloth - he takes things slowly, but he seems happier in accepting his retirement. <br /> <br /> I call this a recent "discovery trip" for Louis and Clark today. Old comic play, because they gradually end up realizing that they have common denominators at their age greater than they thought, and even the mysterious Willie admits that Al may be (for him) a pain in the ass, but he was a funny man. Burns was not the original choice for the "Al Lewis" (suly thoughtfully part of the Smith and Dell team). Jack Benny was. Benny may have done a good job, but ill health forced him out (he died in 1975). Burns (his last film in The Solid Gold CADILLAC in 1956 as a narrator) performed so well that he got Oscar for Best Supporting Actor and had a career in movies in the next decade in films like OH GOD! ; Oh my God, Satan; and go in style. He died in 1996 at the age of 100, having proved that he was more than just a wonderful straight man to his wife Gracie Allan.
