I have seen "miracles still happen" now at least four times. I'm not tired of this wonderful film. From the beginning, carries the interest of the person. As the film progresses and the crash of the plane becomes a very intense story we watch this small girl trying to survive alone and frightened in the Amazon, following an airplane crash that was her only survivor. The loss of her mother in the plane crash makes the film even more dramatic as we see the dangers this young girl faced during the ten days of the Amazon. The belief that this has already happened is unrealistic and that the belief that anyone can actually survive is indescribable, because we see wild animals, snakes, reptiles, massive forests, wildlife and innumerable insects. As the film progresses, we see many of the dangers this girl faces trying to follow the river in the hope that it will lead her to a city. She remembers what her father told her about how the river would always lead to the river and then to a larger river, which meant that it would eventually lead to a society. This little girl followed the small course of the river, which eventually led to a huge river all over the film. Sometimes she had to swim in dangerous waters, alone, scared, infected, always managed to continue. Near the end of this film, she obviously was not able to last longer because she did not eat within ten days and had only water to drink and was very sick and tired of her dangers. In the end, when you see a boat, you realize there must be a village and the men find her and take care of her and then take her to the hospital where her father comes to see her, fearing her death with many others. Passengers. Such a dramatic and very intimate film to see her father's face when he sees his daughter still alive after all this time in the Amazon! Movies like these are not made in those days. I'll see her again and I know I'll never get tired of her! I think this girl was the only survivor of this plane is indescribable! It was also the fact that they maintained only a few very minor injuries more clearly, while everyone aboard this plane died in a horrific accident in the Amazon prairies. Wonderful movie, it was really wonderful, I will keep it forever and I love to keep watching! Highly recommend it definitely!
