It was considered a "Swiss response to the Lord of the Rings", but it was much more. It's not an answer to anything, it's in itself a new thing, a funny thing and sometimes it's stupid and silly - but was Monte Python different from the ridiculous? <br /> <br /> The beginning immediately shows that this movie is a low budget and is not intended to be taken seriously. Pull the cardboard on the strings to the plane where the main character is seated. But, to compensate for the lost special effects, the scene is tricked. It's beautiful and very amazing - who needs New Zealand, and Switzerland has everything. <br /> <br /> What I liked about the film was the simple approach, the clear passion and the energy that went into it. It's not wonderful. After I got some good humor parts. Edward Piccin As Fredo is quite convincing, it will be enough to go and watch the movie because of it! There are some good jokes, some are very lame, and some will not be understood by people outside Switzerland. I liked the idea of ​​having "Urucows" instead of Uruk Hai; I loved the scene where Fredo decided to take "Pupsi", a telehobbie, with him on the trip. And very funny is the scene where Racharol, a Knight fighting with the sword, decides to boast of his sword - then smashes it in the wall, and breaks it. There is one scene where the characters "nazgul-ish" have a wonderful comic scene that includes a toilet brush ... I did not agree with the idea of ​​using Ring by Schleimli, the character of "Gollum", in order to "seduce" the ladies. It was a bit elusive. The idea of ​​Lord Sauro who wanted to cover the land with Fondo was also not fantastic. The original, certainly, but not great. But most of all I did not like the idea of ​​a gay dragon, and this is not really necessary. In general, I recommend watching the movie because it is simply too crazy. Do not expect a LotR spoof like "Spaceballs" was for Star Wars. But if you go into clicks thinking that this will be an amusing evening, with no ambitions at all, you will enjoy. I'm not sure if it works in other languages, because it works directly from Swiss dialects as well as from jokes and actors. <br /> <br /> All in all: prepare for the courage of the Swiss crew who did it!
