Saravina was a great movie, and some of the songs were really wonderful. Saravina was very entertaining. I usually do not like musical things like this, but singing was not as lame as if it looked like a box. The film was useful for learning about history because it was an interesting perspective of the Soweto riots of 1976. It showed you things from the students' perspective in the riots and showed you they were real characters. Because you have to see them as real characters, this makes you love them more as a community, and makes you more sympathetic to them just like the victims of the white government, whom you can not empathize with. The singing of the students is true because we know from the stories that the students in the riots were singing and dancing before the violence became. The students' clothes in Saravena are very similar to the clothes shown in the pictures of Soweto. They actually made the film in Soweto, which is why it seems very subtle in many parts. All of these things make the film more accurate for the person who uses it to learn more about readiness. As viewers, we must criticize the way in which the history of apartheid is presented. As I said before, empathize with students - this makes them less reliable and objective. Also, it changes some details from other accounts. In Saravena, it becomes chaotic when the policeman comes to his room and shoots the students. The police and army were very aggressive in Soweto, but this was probably an exaggerated event. The police and the army fired at the students, but there was no evidence of going to school and executing such persons. Fighting was more on the streets and looting was crime. This is done in the film most likely to make you feel sorry for school students. The movie was more useful if he had some different information about apartied. The teacher was arrested for being against the government, and the mother goes to work in the house of white people. But there is no information about the government and why they were doing it or any details about racist policies and laws. By George S., Chris and Vinlay
