This film reminds me of the 42nd Street Championship of Baby Daniels and Robbie Keller. When I watch this movie, it reminded me of a lot of street 42, especially the character Elise, who is a temperament star and ends up falling and breaking her arms, as Baby Daniels did on the 42nd Street and another artist got her role and became a star. This movie, like most racing films, keeps people watching because of the wonderful entertainment. Race movies always showed black entertainment because it was really what was common in that time period. Styles of dance, music, styles of changing clothes, you will love. This movie could be great if it was produced in Hollywood, and it had a better scene, better filming and more money would make any film better. But it's worth watching because it's good and good michus with little he has. I must say among all Micheaux movies, Swing is the best! The film features singers, dancers, actresses and actors who are popular but forgotten today. International Armina, a great trumpet player that can blow the horn so well that you think Gabrielle is throwing a horn in the sky. The hot female dancer, Consuela Harris, Ann Miller and Jesse Rose Lee will be in disgrace. <br /> <br /> Add more information ... The famous blues singer of the 1920s and 1930s Cora Greene is the focus of the film. She is a good woman, working hard without a good man who takes her money and spends it on other women. One of the curious neighbors who played Amanda Randolph tells Mandy what he saw and heard. Mandy comes to the club and picks up her husband with an attractive woman named Elise (played the role of Hazel Diaz, Cha Cha's artist in the thirties). Mandy then goes to Harlem where she meets a guardian angel to some extent Lena plays one of the most beautiful women in the films of Dorothy Van Engel. Lena Mandy is provided with a home, a job, and helps her become a star when Cora Smith (a playwright who plays a role in two parts or perhaps changed her name) tries to destroy the show with her bad behavior. When Cora drowns and breaks her leg, Lena convinces everyone that Mandy is right at work and that Lena is right on the birth of a star in Mandy. Tall, tall, slim, but handsome Carmen Newzum is a pleasant ambitious product that Lina is looking for as well. The handsome boy Larry Seymour plays the role of the good man but after threatening Lina to him, he may be formed. There are some highlights, but the point that stands out in front of me is the part where Cora Smith (Hazel Diaz) stalls late for the rehearsal and explodes on everyone and then comes her leg and punches her in the jaw but that's not enough, she almost gets into a fight with Mandy one more time. In the middle there is a wonderful entertainment by chorus girls, dancers, vibrating dancers, rocking music, and blues singing. There are even white people watching entertainment, I wonder where Micho found them, there is a scene where there are blacks and whites sitting together in the club, Micho often incorporates blacks and whites into his movies, he should be praised for such a bold move. <br /> <br /> This was the first movie I really enjoyed and I was introduced to Oscar Misho. This movie is one of the best types of racing films, it is a story behind the scenes about the ups and downs of the show. <br /> <br /> These early race movies may not be the best, you can not compare with Hallelujah, green pastures, stormy weather, Cabin In The Sky, Carmen Jones or any other Hollywood movie, but it's great to watch Because their early signs of black filmmaking in addition to these films provide a glimpse of black life and black entertainment through the eyes of a black person. These black films gave an opportunity to play people from all walks of life, to be beautiful, stylish and elegant, not just stereotypes or how to portray black whites in Hollywood. Most of the actors and actresses in these race films were not the best, but they were the only ones available at the time. Micho and Spencer Williams could not buy Nina May McKinney, Josephine Baker, Ethyl Waters, Frey Washington, Paul Robeson, Rex Ingram, So Micheaux and other black and white filmmakers use nightclub artists in their films, some of them were good, some were not great actors and actors, but I think others knew that most of them were not good actors and actors, but they used more than just an experience True talent , They just wanted to tell their stories, and in return many black artists got their real talents in the movies. For some real actors / actresses, race movies were the only kind of movies that could get a job, especially if they did not want to play stereotypes in Hollywood, so I think you'll be able to discover real actors / actresses from nightclub artists. These race films are very historic, lost forever, lost many, and perhaps race films were not the greatest example of cinema, but even Hollywood movies did not start off at first. I think if the ethnic genre continues, it will be better. If you're looking for a great representation, most of the racing films are not the movies, but if you're looking for a real example of black entertainment and how blacks should have been filmed in movies, watch racing movies. There are some fun racing movies with good actors, Moon or Harlem, Body & Soul, Paradise in Harlem, Keep on beating, Sunday Sners, Dark Manhattan, Brookings String, Boy! What A Girl, Mystery In Swing, Miracle In Harlem, and Sepia Cinderella, not only has good entertainment but good acting.
