I have not read yet Mother of the Night Kurt Vonnegut (although I have read his other books, all of which are innovative pieces of irony and other novel changed the game). After seeing the movie Keith Gordon in writing his book, it will be an instant reading in the near future. It's the kind of material I'm sure was not made in 1995/96 as a film, and it will be picked up right away today in the period in which post-Holocaust / World War II films are very popular. But it is much darker, though more resonant, about the role-playing and horror of living with postwar life than the reader. It's about the real danger of waking up in wartime, which is about the fact that you were a spy in World War II. <br /> <br /> It would be one thing if Mother's Night had a script with a lot of emotional depth and complexity about the moral choice and the constant role - even after the war - of Howard W. But it is also a very powerful achievement of the cinema technology. Keith Gordon is not a person I usually think of as a director of really powerful material (more, I think he came back to him as an actor, he appeared oddly enough with Vonnegut himself in "Back to School"), but that is the revelation. He is taking the story of Campbell as a story of broken life: the German propaganda master ("the only American left in Berlin"), who is actually a spy for the Americans but can not be identified and was a playwright who really belonged to the "Two Nation" Mine). Followed by his cell in prison, awaiting his trial in Israel in 1961, where he writes his memoirs and tells him of his disappointment at being "looking" and then in 1960 when he was hiding in an apartment in New York where the bulk of the film takes place. <br /> <br /> Mother's night can be very heavy, as is the level at which a person may be associated with a pianist, but on another emotional-cerebral level of the most blatant poetry of that film. Gordon, by way of Vonnegut, tries to give us a strong view of a man who has nothing, except memory (and later the strange transition) of his long-lost love in "Sister" who returned to him in New York City, so he left to his own devices when the painter Arkin, very good here), and then discovered as a Nazi hiding by a white news bulletin superior, leads Alokat to his apartment. On the surface, this should be just a clear spy story, but there is nothing clear and direct. "Something" of the life of this amazing man, but in the end of his choice. Campbell is one of those characters that can be analyzed for consecutive hours, but the same conclusions may be reached (and somehow reflect the line that Goebbels said): The more you lied, the more people you believe. Except for the few chosen who began the lie and know its secret and strength. <br /> <br /> But oh, it would be just something if it was just a wonderful and tragic story, or something else if it were offering some really wonderful performances (which is also: Nolte at its best here, Cheryl Lee, which we may remember from Twin Pix in the name of Laura Palmer, hugs multiple roles, especially in the scene when she discovers she is not. It's also a great movie, with great lighting and shots that reflect the state of mind, or just bright or annoying colors at the time (see the old Campbell watching a film about his younger self as he explodes, and the faces overlap). Music choices increase the level of tragedy. It is possible to say that some music is too much, but at other times, it elevates the material from its usual tragic aftermath and makes it a dominant process of human nature. <br /> <br /> It's not always an easy movie to take emotionally, and some transitions have that swab of "Stand" as in any spy story. But this subversion of Vonnegut is that which runs across, the way of appearing and performance, the life that imitates the art that imitates death, and makes it worth remembering. I have no idea yet whether the book is better than the film (or vice versa), but at the moment it's hard for me not to recommend it to anyone looking for a post-World War II masterpiece / Holocaust narrative.
