The American playwright Howard W. Campbell Jr. (Nick Nolty played a weary obsession) lives happily in Germany with his wife, actress Helga Noth (Cheryl Lee) before the start of World War II. At the height of his life, Howard was drafted by an American agent (John Goodman) to become a spy on behalf of the Allies; with prior warning of the risks involved, Howard has everything to lose, but finds the offer irresistible. After his wife's death and the end of the war, Campbell camouflaged himself with anonymity for a life in New York City, which he bragged about disturbing. The basic question (in fact, a question that frustrated many critics) of the film and the story of Kurt Fonigut's source is: "Is Campbell a hero or a traitor?" Director Keith Gordon and screenwriter Robert B. My hands give us clues, but no answer, this mystery? That's what he does not know? It is what keeps Mother's Night new and interesting all the time. At the beginning of the film, Nolte Campbell portrays him as intelligent and confident. In the end, he is either afraid, uncertain, or afraid, and is quite sure of his contribution / indebtedness to mankind for the role he played in the war. Gordon applies a certain glint to the photographs of the first half of the film, which complements his image of the Nazi bourgeoisie and captures the dramatic aspect of vonigut. On the other hand, when Campbell is confined to his only New York apartment (which he calls "the Sanctuary") for discovery by a group of Nazis only, the humor produced is also quite characteristic of the author, providing a temporary respite from the tremendous tension unfolding. The moral (even spiritual) paradox offered by "Mother of the Night" does not offer a simple solution, and to some extent, it must be left vague - the black and white scenes of Campbell staring into space during his imprisonment. Israel unknowingly suggests that we are not aware of ourselves because Campbell is a character we finish And his meeting with the Nazis in New York forces him to lengthen the facade of his "behavior" even further, to the extent that he can only stare at the image of himself projected on the wall, yellow slander and anti-Semitism. Perhaps this is the best reaction we can hope.
