That magical moment in life, that point between the beautiful innocence of childhood, and the confusing whirlwind that represents the age of majority. . . That's what this movie is about. <br /> <br /> Danni (played wonderfully by Reese Witherspoon) at that moment of life when the movie begins. She beats Elvis, plays his records and thinks about love. Maureen will soon disappear her sister at university, and have no problem attracting boys, they are beautiful, and it seems the whole thing though she did not. She goes back to the local loser whose father was chasing her too, and only wishes to find a decent child and sweep her feet. Danny likes most young teenagers to be someone else because most teenagers think that they are not good enough. She wants to be Maureen, but she does not see that she is beautiful. <br /> <br /> The moment when puberty begins to intrude on her life is when she meets Kurt Foster for the first time. The court, whose father recently died, moved to their old farm to work with his mother and two younger brothers. He took responsibility when he had to enjoy himself. One hot day, he goes to the pool and jumps only to find Danni dipping thin. They scream and argue and leave Danny. But they see each other a day later when the mother of the courts is invited to Danny to visit old friends (Danny's parents). Danny becomes attracted to the court, and the court to Danny. She is the arrogant and courageous girl, has a position and says what he thinks. <br /> <br /> The court is 17 years old and Danny 14 knows this but they continue to converge with their days in the pond between the farm court. By the time she kisses her court one day, Danny is fond of it. Danny's father tells her to call the court home and he does so. But things are uncomfortable for the court to "kind of history". Despite breaking the silence over his meeting with Maureen, who has not yet seen the court. One look between the two and everywhere. The face of pain and defeat on Dani's face is beautiful in the fact that it is both real and painful. I will not tell you the rest of the film but the film has more to do with the relationship between a boy and two sisters. <br /> <br /> The greatness of the film in its portrayal of the beautiful and painful moments of life and the relationship between two sisters has been tested by a boy who loves them, and the pain they must bear together and separately. In the end, Dani points to her entry into the world when she sees that the world is unfair, painful, and perhaps less optimistic than when the film began. Few films can really capture the wonder of childhood and puberty. This film since the first time I saw it stuck in my mind. Her in my best 100 film list is so worthy. I just wish more movies like this, because if so. . . My faith in Hollywood would be much better.
