When I first heard about the show, I heard a lot about it and it got some good comments. I have seen the first episode of this fictional fairy tale, as it advertises itself, and I am hooked on it. I've loved it ever since. The show has a sense of humor and I am happy to see such a wonderful show. The cast is excellent as their characters, and I do not want to change them in any way. <br /> <br /> For those who are not familiar with this offer, Pushing Daisies is centered around a man named Ned (aka Pie Maker, played by Lee Pace) who discovered a special gift when he was a boy: Bring the dead to life with a touch of a finger. He did this first with his dog Digby. However, there is catch: if you keep a dead person alive for more than one minute, someone else dies. He learned this when he brought his mother back to life, and the father of his childhood crushed the place of Ned's mother. The other problem is that if you touch the person again, he has died again, but this time forever. He learned this when his mother accepted him before he went to sleep. His father took him to the boarding school, and when he left, Ned did not see his father again. <br /> <br /> After about 20 years, Ned owns a circular bakery called "The Pie Hole". Ned's co-worker, Olive Snook (Christine Chinnewith) has a crush on Ned, but Ned refuses her moves, trying not to approach anyone, and learns from past experiences. Special investigator Emerson Cod (Chi McBride) discovered Ned's gift and decided to make him a partner in solving the murders. Ned touches the victim, asks who killed them, and when the moment is over, touches them again, and they solve them. This is the way they usually solve it. During the episodes, the killings are very interesting plots, and what people do not expect. <br /> <br /> One day, Ned discovers that his next murder to be solved is his childhood sweetheart, Charlotte "Chuck" Charles (Anna Frail). Bring her back to life and decide to break the rules and keep her alive. In its place, the funerary director who stole jewelry from the dead died. When Emerson discovers, when Chuck wants to help solve the murders, does not agree a little - for a while, hear him call Chuck "dead girl." All of this is kept secretly by Oliv, aunt Chuck Vivian and Lilly (Ellen Green and Susie Curtis, respectively), and anyone else, if anyone knows of the deaths, news, etc. Vivian and Lilly, formerly swimmers, have not left home for years. Emerson, Ned and Chuck agree to work together. Ned and Chuck grow up to love each other, even though they can not touch each other again. <br /> <br /> This show is funny, it has fantastic characters, it has fantastic moves in the plot, and will certainly increase your spirits. I hope it will not be canceled in 13 episodes.
