This exhibition was appreciated by critics and those who realized that any similarities between the style of "pushing daisies" and anyone else's style were not theft. (Yes, I have seen "Amelie." "Pushing Daisies" are somewhat similar but still different enough to be original). Instead, there are very few programs on TV that enjoy this kind of strange magic. The biggest similarity is "Dead Like Me," but "P.D" comes with this similarity: Brian Fuller invented both. (Both shows include a "unbounded" young woman, for example.) The show never ceased to be funny and charming, and was always strange, but it was always humane. <br /> <br /> I must say a word about the current storyline conventions. Some people complained that this show lacked moral status because in the first (and subsequent) episodes it seems that Ned escapes from causing the death of Chuck's father without consequences of any kind. First of all, this must be a new definition "without consequences of any kind" because, despite the fact that Ned was just a boy and did not realize that he had caused the death of Chuck's father, he felt guilty from the moment he realized what he had done. Moreover, about ten episodes in the series, Ned finally admitted to Chuck that he had caused her father's death with his gift. Now, there are no police to charge people who cause the death of a person magically by bringing another person back to life, so the issues of absence and response must be addressed without social guidance. In other words, he is between Ned and Chuck, who was not inclined to forgive Ned any time soon. <br /> <br /> But this indicates a problem with the ongoing story lines in network drama. I remember when David Caruso's character in the film "NYPD Blue" committed a mistake and seemed to have run away - for a whole year - then he was arrested and forced to resign from work (and leave the show). The important point is that viewers must learn now and not assume that just because the ordinary person does something wrong in one episode, and is not discovered in that episode, he has gotten rid of it. There is always next week - maybe even next year.
