"Pay Daisies" is definitely one of the best television programs of its kind in the last five years, agree or not. Brian Fuller, the creator, has an amazing creative mind. It is the brain behind other great television programs such as "Dead Like Me" (2003), "Wonderfalls" (2004), and the other is not so great, but "Heroes" (2006). It's a mix of brilliant worlds created by Brian Fuller in previous TV shows, once again blending a fantastical world with real types of people disguised in colorful images and exaggerated feelings, something that is always a fairy tale. So, as a kind of fairy tale, you can not expect more than an unrealistic world and unexpected situations, or also many predictable situations but not in a way that is usually told to them. <br /> <br /> A gift always comes with a curse, and what is sweet can also be bitter. That's right, Lee Pace, The Piemaker, is a simple man with an interesting gift other than being a great chef: he can give life to the dead with just one touch. This can be a power that everyone will either - or live - live because if it is not for something very simple and sad: it can also give the dead forever if touched again. The curse of this amazing gift does not stop at this point ... everything has compensation, and if anything is brought to life for more than one minute, another type will die instantly. He is a man full of unfortunate events in life in a way that he grew up retroactively, and always afraid to touch everything and lose again the things he used to love one day. Even today, he may soon be his greatest love in his childhood, Chuck (Anna Frail), if not for another sad reality: she has died. She has sacrificed her life again and she loves him so much, but this love is inviolable. Kiss death really. This is how these beautiful modern fairy tales begin. <br /> <br /> When I first heard of "Daisies Pay", it was promoted as something very familiar (or perhaps kind of tribute) to everything Tim Burton has created since "Pee-Wee's Big Adventure" (1985) "Big Fish" (2003) and "Charlie And The Cholate Factory" (2005). The results can not be better. The world around him was wonderful. The stories about Ned and Detective Cod (Chi McBride) can be quite common on television, but this is just a way of guiding people through amazing stories that surround characters like Chuck and Olive (Kristin Chenoweth) in a wonderful world full of Beautiful and beautiful images that you can almost sense the taste of colors. Not only that, but you are integrated into a group of amazing and charismatic characters, even those with the deepest dark humor. <br /> <br /> Forgetting the trivial concept of unsolved crimes and crimes, the glamor on offer is triumphant in many other things. The actors here are higher than the note. Lee Pace is thin, soft and content with the personality he is asked about. Anna Fryl is a stunt show where she is supposed to be her character. But the most wonderful times are always with supporting actors such as Che McBride (Detective Emerson Cod), Susie Cortez (in the role of Lily Charles), Ellen Green (Vivian Charles) and Christine Chenweth (as Oliv Sennock). Suzy Kurtz lights up a very dry personal performance soaked in an impossible dark humor that can frighten the clown, surely has the best dialogues, expressions and languages ​​of her wonderful body. But if the best dialogues are presented by Susie and her character, Christine Chenwith offers the best funny moments. It seems improvised all the time, it's naturally fun so that every single scene is aside. Christine brilliantly starred in the show, winning the Emmy Award for 2009 for her supporting role in the show was just and absolutely deserved. There is also chemistry between actors and their personalities, and they are also amazing. <br /> <br /> There are no words to express the reality of this television program and what it means to be. For those who believe that this offer is a waste of time or pretend they do not find any sense in it, there is certainly a need to open their minds and return them to a time they did not have at all: childhood. It is said ... TV was never bold in a television show as with this stunning show. The "push of the daisies" was a big step forward in terms of great artistic entertainment, and her sudden death was much disrespectful. It is true that television does not respect the great television programs like those created by Brian Fuller - except for the "heroes" who are still on the air and far from being as amazing as others.
