After reading two or three negative reviews on IMDb's homepage for "Pay Daisies", after I literally finished watching the last episode, I thought it was time to say what I thought of PD. <br /> First, to address some of the problems that I have seen with other people with this presentation: something like "I expect people who wake up from death to react more realistically." Realistic, in this exhibition? Push daisies is, really, absolutely pure and absolute. It's a palette, the dialogue used, the scenarios, the positions, the music: all that, to me, is just an escape from everyday life. Escape from the mundane and boring. It is here where the daisies go sailing improperly well. Caring daisies is not for everyone: the vast majority of TV audiences do not "get them", for some people, there are just out and silly. But for people like me, even from the first episode I watched from him ("Frescorts" in the second season), I was blown away by the show. Since then, I bought both cans, and barely came out of the DVD player. The other people I know can not stand, it really looks like they are like Marmite. <br /> <br /> The series follows the adventures of Ned, Piemaker, with a magical finger, recreated by his childhood sweetheart Charlotte Charles, works in collaboration with Emerson Cod, owns Pie-hole and uses Olive Snook. The members of the main cast are Lili and Vivienne, and Charlotte (Chuck) never allows them to be seen. They live in a fantastical world where the dead are brought back to life, and everything is shown with a wonderful array of colors, recounted by Jim Del. <br /> <br /> Unlike the outline of the basics of the show, I really can not praise it much more without saying: just watch it. Despite his strike on the writer's Guild of America strike, with only 22 episodes ever, it provides great plot movements, storylines, characters and positions while providing (for me) a satisfying ending (yes, I can say that it was finally eaten and rushed , But I was still happy the way he came out). Whether it's creative or just a bit of a joke, for many people (including me), the most addictive and wonderful show, I hope in the future of television that more programs are created such as this so there is only 22, 40 minutes left of my real entertainment memories Maybe.
