Mark Letheren, the young archaeologist, was sent by the head of his museum to the large country house of Pip Torrens, where his mission is to find a source and collection of antiques and artifacts belonging to the antiquities. To the recently deceased father of Squire. Squire was surprised by the arrival of Fanshawe, who did not expect him for another week, but was no less welcome and got his only servant, Patten (David Burke..of Dr Watson fame), to show him in his room. Fanshawe must stay for a few days to finish his big job To some extent. Patten does not seem to be the most friendly type and seems frustrated by the extra work that Fanchoy's visit will entail, as the empty house offers an endless amount of cooking, cleaning and maintenance. Fanshawe is a kind of nonsense, very neat and meticulous with everything his place, whether his clothes or his books and papers is disgusted by the dirt in his room. Needless to say, he is somewhat anxious to get his job started, but his dump found that his telescope had been destroyed during the crossing, so Squire asks for an alternative pair, the Squire, who is a modern thinker but also seems to be uneducated. Get rid of the mess around the house, so he roams and guides Fanshawe up the hill to be able to clear the estate and surrounding villages, where Squire directs him to points of interest, including Gallows Hill, where locals have been suspended for their crimes and misdemeanors, He is also interested by a local monastery described by Squire as a ruin, but fanshawe can see through the telescope that it Obviously he is not, he is doing more and pays a visit to the monastery site and was shocked to find that there is little stone leftover? Vanshoy does not have much time to think about this puzzle because he falls into darkness and feels he is watching him, feels his presence, begins to see the moving shadows in the forest, and is amazed that he runs to the house. During the dinner, the details of his hard day on Squire, Patten hears the story and suggests an explanation for it .. Spectroscopy! They belonged to a local man called Baxter, who apparently collected bones and maggots from Gallus Hill, which led to their boiling because of some cooking or otherwise, Baxter mysteriously disappeared one evening, and the late Square had acquired his possessions, including a mask Made of skull and some ancient inscriptions in the area. Fanshawe is fascinated during the depiction of the monastery that he saw through his peers, but he knows that the monastery was destroyed during the reign of Henry VII and therefore it would be impossible for Baxter to draw the drawings. Her signature will never be dated and dated by Baxter to the recent past until he concludes that the binoculars have Some special power. That night he had terrifyingly vivid dreams. When he woke up, he set off with a telescope to take a closer look at the monastery through which he found surprises but put himself at risk by doing so? Finally, Fanchao becomes trapped in his dangerous obsession, where the darkness falls on Squire. A research team will search for the missing archaeologist and be alerted by dozens of loud crows circling the gallows, but speeding up. In time to help or save Fanshawe from his fate? The BBC's Ghost Story for Christmas series ended with regret in 1978 with The Ice House, mostly based on the work of Mr. James the Great. In 2005 and 2006, the series was briefly revived and fortunately, A View from a Hill was also a return to the work of James, whose obscure writings haunt many generations of readers. The new director, Luke Watson, may be worried about the old movie fans, but it is due to the time that the recent films have abandoned, which immediately determines the tone of the great Ghost story, because it remains faithful to the master's mood and gradually builds the fear factor at an alarming height. On what viewers see to the minimum, which increases the tension and ambiguity. The autumn countryside offers an atmosphere of low, falling leaves and sun, providing a disturbing backdrop to the next evil events. The cast must be said to be all fantastic and cast perfectly in their respective roles. The idea behind the telescope is simple but very effective, and the use of a man-made object to see objects and supernatural events that the naked eye can not see, and may have influenced lexlex de la Iglesia in his film La habitación del niño (2006) the following year, noticeable. I have heard mixed reviews of this particular film, but I must say that I found him at all times interesting, some of the hair on my head and some shivers, and that does not happen very often these days. I think no negative about the film can be attributed to speed Its appearance, which in my view is ideal but will be considered deadly slow for the modern masses. A lot of time, even within a short time of 40 minutes, is given to personal development and expansion of the plot, I must say that this film is my favorite, which is certainly one of the best films in the decade.
