2005 saw at least three films filmed in the brilliant novel by H. G. Wells, "The World War." Perhaps this is the least known and probably the best of them. No other version of WotW attempted to present the story only as written by Wales, but also to create an atmosphere of time when it was supposed to happen: in the last year of the nineteenth century, 1900? Using the original Wells setting, in Woking, England. <br /> <br /> IMDb seems unfriendly to what they see as "spoilers". That may apply to some films, where the end may be a surprise indeed, but with regard to one of the most famous novels in the world, it seems absurdly positive. I have no sympathy for people who have neglected to read one of the essential works of English literature, so let's get to the chase. Aliens are destroyed by the disease of the Earth, which has no immunity against them. If this is a spoiler, let it be; after a book and 3 other films (including 1953 classic), you should know how this ends. <br /> <br /> This film, which follows the Wales conspiracy mainly, is also cleverly presented? In a way that could lead many viewers to stop because of their ignorance of photography in the late 19th century / early 20th century. Although the film was filmed in a wide screen, the film extends to the limit to give the impression of coexistence. The general coloring of the skin and clothing appears to be a brown color that is often found in old photographs (not black). We often remember colors of manual coloring. At other times, the colors are washed out. These variations are typical of early films, which have not used the standard celluloid stock and thus have made many good changes in print quality, so transition from black / white to dark brown / white to blue / white to red / white etc.? As you will sometimes see here. Special effects are deliberately retreating, kind of seen until the late 1920s? But Mars and their machines are much as described by Wales and they have a more "feeling". Some effects really embarrassing? Such as the destruction of Big Ben. Representation is often in the style of that period of ours. Some aspects of the Victorian dress may seem strange, especially the use of lipstick or gloss on facial and facial hair. <br /> <br /> This film is the only film that some original accounts of Wales follow. As noted. Viewers may find it useful to note the details of the plot shown here, which are sometimes kept in other versions of the story. Description of Wales for Mars? Giant head mounted on several tentacles? Filmed effectively. When Mars machines appear, about an hour after the film, they also give a good impression of how Wales describes them. Both Wales and this film do an excellent job of portraying the progress of Mars from a limited perspective (mainly) in the English countryside? In addition to some scenes in London (which includes the narrator's brother). The director is unable to resist the destruction of a major landmark (Big Ben), but at least does not mention the devastation of London. <br /> <br /> The victory of the Marikhin was not a surprise, despite the destruction of some of their machine guns. The narrator, while traveling in search of escape, sees much of what Wales describes as the "defeat of mankind". He faces a Victorian-filled transfer of a precious and nervous character. In the end, they find themselves on the brink of the Martian nest, where they discover a terrible reality: it appears that the Martians are vampires who consume their prey alive in a very effective scene. Wales adds that after eating they set up a "long and cheerful chase". Narrator finally forced to overcome hysterical fools growing ?? Which is completely refreshed as the Martians drag him to the poet (cheers from the show; British priests are often invincible). <br /> <br /> This film continues for about 3 hours, and tells the story of Wells with welcome details. Is it time the author got his dues ?? In a convincing presentation builds a great impact. A word about acting: Do not expect award-winning offers. It's not bad, however, the actors are serious and they grow on you. However, most of them had very short careers for the film, often in this film only. The narrator plays Anthony in his second film. Captain is John Kaufman ?? Also in his second film as an actor but he has more experience in directing. The brother ("Henderson") was played with some conviction by W. Bernard Bowman in his first film. James Lathrop plays "The Gunner", the only other big part, in his first film. <br /> <br /> This is a great film in general, portraying for the first time the war of the worlds as Wales wrote. Despite its minor flaws, it is much better than any of its struggling competitors. If you want to see H. G. Wells' War of the Worlds ?? And not some distorted version of it? Watch this movie!
