Imagine that you can get anything you want, or go wherever you want, or anything you've ever dreamed of - through thought alone. Now imagine that you share this gift with the love of your life. What would you do? Do these forces deserve your soul? This is the dilemma presented to Captain Christopher Pike in the legendary "The Cage" episode of the original Star Trek series. The Cage, which was known as "very brainy" and "very cold" by NBC, was rejected, the most ambitious and expensive pilot ever in the history of the network at that time, and Gene Roddenberry did not want to let everyone go this effort and cost to The result is the truly classic Star Trek episode, which includes "The Cage" in a story frame that deepens and expands the emotional and philosophical depth of this haunting story, a landmark in television history and one of the first truly serious science fiction stories to be filmed on the small screen. Star History 3012: USS Enterprise converts to Starbase 11 after receiving Mr. Spock An urgent letter from the former leader of the Foundation. Surprisingly, the letter can not be Captain Pike after all, because he is now confined to a wheelchair, mute and terribly disfigured after a tragic accident. The commanding officer of Kirk and Starbucks Commodore Mendes tries to get to the bottom of the puzzle, but before it is made clear, Spock - for unknown reasons - is committing an open rebellion, abducting helpless Captain Pike and abducting the institution through a brilliantly planned plan and timing plan with the help of a few Vulcan nerve discs . Soon, the Foundation is heading to the distant, forbidden planet of Talos IV. Mendes Kirk tells that Talus IV is under embargo and that any contact with the planet by Starfleet ships or individuals carries an immediate death penalty, which means that Spock appears to be intentionally destroying himself, and that Kirk too, given that the captain will be responsible for the ship's activities. Horrendously, Kirk and Mendes chase in a shuttle plane, which in itself becomes dangerous when the corporation refuses to answer their calls or receive the vehicle until the energy and oxygen finish. Spock - knowing that Kirk must be the person who follows the ship - is of course unable to transport the captain to a certain death. After ordering the vehicle to be recovered and released to its passengers, Spock reveals what he has done with McCoy and demands his arrest, having put the vehicle on an irreversible course to Talos IV. On the order of re-absorption, Kirk asks for an explanation, where Spock seeks an immediate military trial by a court of command officers in Starfleet - three of whom are on board - Mendez, Kirk, and the illegal Captain Pike. Spock's knowledge of Starfleet's systems enables him to manipulate the court to allow him to provide otherwise unacceptable evidence. Spock provides video recordings of the only contact between the union and Talos IV - a 13-year journey by the same organization under Pike. Kirk is skeptical about the video because of its extreme details, but the truth of the footage was confirmed by Pike himself, who turned out to have been lured to Talos IV by a distress call from the alleged survivors of the union's investigation of the ship that crashed there 18 years ago. Among the survivors in Vienna, a stunning beauty was said to have been born before the disaster. The Pike is attracted to the girl and allowed to seduce him in an isolated place, where he is stolen by Talosians, a superhuman race with enormous spherical ability and the ability to turn ideas into reality. After Pike's capture, the rest of the "survivors" disappear because none of them actually existed except for us. The episode ends when the court learns that Spock's "evidence" is actually transferred to the institution directly from Talos 4, in violation of the Starfleet rules. Starfleet orders an immediate halt to transmissions, and we wonder what will happen next ... to continue reviewing "The Menagerie: Part II"!
