The first and second parts of Menagerie were the only two parts of the original Trek series, which lasted for 3 years, because Roddenberry was able to incorporate most of the shots from the first pilot, "The Cage". This was done out of necessity, to fight the problems of the deadline in the production of episodes (such a show in the 1960s was a problem in its completion on time). One of the positive results at that time was that the public, unaware of the pilot produced almost two years ago, had been treated to a whole new crew and captain of these two cases at the top of the usual crew of characters, as if the producers had spent money on these episodes Ten years from the history of Starfleet (although they still use terms like "United Space Fleet" in these early episodes). <br /> <br /> The twisted story begins with a space puzzle plot: The Enterprise is converted to Starbase 11 for unknown reasons and very soon Spock is suspected in these hooligans. Surprisingly, though, McCoy acknowledges the fact that Spock Vulcan's legacy makes tricks impossible, but it is already clear that Spock is actually acting on some rebel schemes to change our precious policy and kidnap former captain Paek, who has now been horrified. Well, Spock half human, we tend to forget. Or is it simply missed? It may be very good, because it directs Enterprise to Talos IV, a planet beyond its borders, it is the only known death penalty subject on Starfleet's books. When the boogie goes up, there is a wonderful scene from Spock surrendering to the amazing McCoy, while Uhura looks in shock. Even Kirk, who is usually as stable as the team leader, does not know what to do with the behavior of his illogical officer. <br /> <br /> In the third and last acts, we are beginning to see the images transferred to the mission of the Foundation 13 years ago, when Captain Paek was commander and Spock was one of his officers. We do not really know where all this is going and what Spock is hoping to achieve - and that's another thing that makes this good in two parts - we really need to know what's going on in the second part. Not only does Spock face severe penalties, but it seems that Kirk's career may also end. Double risk, people. This is also the first televised episode of one of these shuttle planes (none of which was available earlier "The Enemy Inside" when there was an urgent need for handicrafts). There is also one of those elegant non-glamorous panels to convey the atmosphere of future star base - this was the only way to visualize such things at the time. Finally, check Kirk's intransigent approach at the beginning of the episode - boy, do things go on his side as the story progresses.
