You should not take what I'm saying lightly. I've seen lots and lots of movies and reviewed a lot of them, in print. So when I tell you that this movie has the most extreme scene I've ever seen in a movie, you might want to listen to me. There is a lot of diversity of opinions about what makes this incredibly stupid movie as funny as it is. And for those who did not get it, well, I can not blame them so much. The scene I'm talking about comes in about 30 minutes and includes a dead conviction tied to John Candy. Until that moment, I found the film stupid and confusing and it was beginning to lose me. When this scene appeared, I laughed hard and yelled at my pants. No movie has done this before. When the project started, "Going Berserk" was supposed to be SCTV. I remember it being advertised. Over time, the cast was disbanded to John Candy, Joe Flaherty and Eugene Levy. There must also be a change in the system in Universal, during launch, because after launch it was displayed in almost ZERO theaters. When I watched this second time, I heard the song song (which actually boils down to how unclear the concept is, in lyrics), relaxed the logic of my area and understood what was going on. Apart from the above routine, "Going Berserk" has many other funny scenes that I recommend. This is almost a joke 3 joke, but it is more entertaining. Director David Steinberg has a sharp time, and he must have laughed all along. For Candy, the principal here, was no fun. With all the conspirators and illustrative scenes being thrown out of the window, it runs at all. Flaherty and Levi follow him without bothering. There is a plot, but a plot like "Animal House" has a piece of land, yes, the text is uneven, and slow in the beginning. Once you know this, however, you can fully appreciate the madness of the full SCTV method that appears. He is stupid, but he is deliberately stupid, and you must remember that when you see him. See it and find out if it has the most extreme scenery at all times.
