Oh my God . Another example of "Oireland" is religion. There is no doubt that we will see some frustrating nonsense, which includes some of the "great and wonderful freedom fighters" of the IRA. Well, my initial reaction was when the credits started but after just over an hour and a half, I was in shock. What a wonderful movie <br /> <br /> The story begins on the wedding day between Sean Clooney and Sheila Kelly in the 1950s. There is a simple problem because they marry in the Catholic Church. Sheila is a Protestant. But for the wedding to take place, Sheila pledges to raise her children as Catholics and attend Catholic school when they are old enough. The story - identified in the 1950s - jumps forward a few years later when Clooney's daughters are about to start school, but Sheila decided she would attend the local Protestant school to the point of disgusting Father Pastor Father Stafford. From there things go on. <br /> <br /> Let me put my cards on the table and remember that despite having the Irish Catholic and Scottish Catholic heritage, I grew up not knowing and considered myself an atheist throughout my adult life. In fact when it comes to religion, I consider myself Marxist and religion a naive weapon used to manipulate people. Divided Love shows what happens when self-appointed moral guardians have to tell others what they think and believe in. May I recall that if Karl Marx sees this film he will love it and describe it as a masterpiece? Perhaps this should not be because the drama in this story shows what happens when others think about you. <br /> <br /> In response to a couple of reviewers who claimed that this film is propaganda for the worst types I do not know, it claims to know the exact details of what happened In the county of Wexford and there is no denying that Father Stafford and his patronage of Catholic sheep are portrayed as bad guys, but Sheila does not blame herself. Think of a woman living in a rural village in the 1950s Ireland pledges to raise her children as Catholics and then changes her mind and believes there will be no consequences for that? This is a warning of taking pledges and not sticking to them. Not only that, but also disappear to allow others to capture the pieces of their shattered lives. There is also something that no one else has ever understood is that the only person with any kind of moral sense is former IRA man Andy Billy who has shown that he is not brave because he was a former IRA member (and that makes a difference. ) But simply because he was an atheist who decided to think for himself. <br /> <br /> LOVE DIVIDED is a wonderful movie that has a lot to say about itself, all I agree with. If there is any kind of criticism, he feels more like TVM than a film, but believe that I can live with it and that it is the basic view of anyone who believes religion is the opium of the masses.
