I never failed to amaze me and I was horrified by the evil on which world history was based on the name of religion. It seems that the machinations of the 20th century Catholic Church in Ireland are ranked near the top. That the wisdom of history and modern times should have had some sober effect. <br /> <br /> "Divided Love" is the story of a real family afraid of ignorant prejudice and prejudice, all in the name of the Church's miserable doctrine. At the beginning of the film, we were introduced to a rhythmic life in a small Irish village where Sheila and Shawn Clooney married and had two young children. Shaun is a Catholic and a Protestant shilla, but she is not concerned with their children who raised them as Catholic. There is no sign of any hostility between Catholics and Protestants in the village. Soon peaceful and loving relations broke out when Sheila expressed her desire to enroll their eldest child in the Protestant school. The local priest takes it upon himself to prevent this "sin." Sheila's husband and all the Catholic villagers turned against her as well as her father, the local dairy farmer. In an act of challenge and despair, Sheila abducted her two daughters and fled the area. <br /> <br /> A special note must be made to Orla Brady, who plays Sheila. It offers a very strong performance in which the viewer is drawn to the emotional trauma in which she decides to reject the wishes of the husband she loves most to express her strong desire to establish herself independently of the pressures of the establishment. On an equal footing, Liam Cunningham plays Sean's role because it gives a realistic picture of a man who is almost as complex as his wife torn between his love for her and the influence of the church and society. <br /> <br /> If this movie is fictional, it was an interesting and interesting drama. Given that it is true, it turns into a terrible tragedy. In real life, people and the village did not fully recover from the events that took place there. It took almost half a century for the Church to acknowledge its negative role in events, and although Sheila and Shawn lived their lives in the region, they never recovered from what religious leaders and their village colleagues did. . <br /> <br /> Whether it is a denial of the fundamental rights to education chosen, the destruction of aircraft in buildings, the subjugation of women, the condemnation of entire races, or the mere practice of torture and murder, we humans can certainly use religion as a strong negative force in our socity.
