It will take Shakespeare's beauty and healing to redress this wonderful film work. However, I will give it. <br /> <br /> As Hamlet adapts, this game is already in a better starting point than all other versions because it includes the whole play. This is still not a guarantee of a first-rate movie, or even a good film. I'm not usually interested in long films, and the trend that seems to be in Hollywood today, that is, films must be at least two hours, preferably three, a trend that we hope will not last long. Some stories are strong enough to carry such a comprehensive exploration and can do with some pieces. Making a four-hour film and keeping it fun is not a simple job, but Kenneth Branagh pulls it in bright colors. I've managed to make a very long film that does not look any more than an average movie. I was completely immersed from start to finish. <br /> <br /> The excellent cast with Kenneth Branagh himself as a tormented prince offers a memorable and powerful performance. He can convey his feelings impressively through his voice and one does not need to be an expert in Shakespeare's verse to capture the innumerable emotions within him. Kate Winslet was a positive surprise, I must say. I did not know what I was really expecting. I've always loved her as an actress, but I was not sure she could play Shakespeare. Well, I've certainly ruled out all the doubts about her performance. It was the best Ophelia I have ever seen and I have added this depth to my character and it was simply wonderful. Other great performances include Derek Jacoby as Claudius and Richard Breyers as Polonius and Nicolas Farrell as Horacio. I liked the fact that Berenag used some of the world's most famous stars to play in some minor roles; I especially enjoyed the differences between Hamlet and the Billy Crystal gravedigger. <br /> <br /> The preparation of the play in the 19th century gives a welcome change to the gothic settings. It is much lighter than the other versions I have seen, and it is warmer and more luxurious, but this does not distract attention from the tragedy of the play. It is exceptional, elegant and aesthetic, a definite joy for the eye and other senses as well. Patrick Doyle's music is charming and perfectly harmonious with the film. One can only feel deeply satisfied after seeing this. I was shocked and terrified that this great artwork did not win the Academy Award for Best Picture, so he was not nominated. There is no better way to make a film that year, or any other year for that matter. This is as close to perfect as you can get it. <br /> <br /> In summary, it's an amazing work of pure genius and I can not see how anyone can take this. My hat off you Mr. Branagh.
