William Shakespeare will be very proud of this special version of his play. Not only is the best movie version of it, but it is also the only full version of Hamlet. Hamlet Kenneth Burang is just a genius. Not only because it was written by Shakespeare, but also because he had the courage to do everything, even if it lasted more than four hours. <br /> <br /> We all know the story of the Prince of Denmark and a plot to avenge his father's death, so I will not go into the details of the story. However, I will tell you that the best part of the Hamlet version is not the spectacular collections or stunning photography, but the explanations of the actors for each character. I doubt that you will find a better Bolognese than the delicious Richard Breyers. In addition, you can not go wrong with Julie Christie and Jack Lemon. Also, Derek Jacoby, a regular among Shakespeare's great modifications such as Hamlet's discount. <br /> <br /> Of course, we should talk about Kenneth Branagh. He dazzled the crowd when he came to the place with his first trip with Shakespeare, Henry V. Beats Hamlet. Certainly, Oliver Asra's presence was, but I think Pranage's performance is fantastic. When you see it on the screen, it looks like he knew exactly how Shakespeare wanted to play the role. How not to run for the Oscars is a complete puzzle. At least, the film got a few nominations and even a strange choice about the script. I think they know good writing when they see it though. <br /> <br /> In general, you will never find a richer and more luxurious production of the best Bard play. To say that the technical aspects were awesome would be an understatement. If you love this play and you are a Shakespeare fan, then you definitely need to check out this movie. Even if you do not really care about Shakespeare, your visuals will keep you busy throughout the movie. You may not think you'll be able to review all of this once, but you'll soon discover that pausing this movie will make you want to see it more.
