Many people do not think Branagh Hamlet's film is very good, but I have to admit that I think it's great. Like almost every Shakespeare production, he has problems and he has to make tough choices, and not all of them work. The thing about "secret doors everywhere", for example, simply does not work. This element never achieves the sinister sense of metaphor or metaphor that it is trying to do, which makes the play very flashy and loses its trademark sense of the thousands of mysteries looming on the horizon. This is the biggest problem in this production. Although it is great, I tend to say that it is the only problem. Almost everything else works very beautifully. Well, then Branagh is a very old mare for the title role. The relationship with Ophelia seems a little forced. Hystere is sometimes infected. But that's it. No other complaints. Even with these flaws, I think that this version is a basic version, and if the drama is not as strong as it should be, it is all a work of art must be equally. We get the full text of the longest version of the play, which was presented creatively and cost-effectively to the screen, and was often announced with full, modern and very understandable voices - even if they speak very quickly for the massive text. But in a move to Shakespeare, simply can not speak slowly enough to the public to really be able to appreciate the full depth of the language. Therefore, one must delve into printed versions of the plays. <br /> <br /> All the actors in this version are simply charming, absolutely classic and immediate (including Jack Lemmon). Julie Christie as Gertrude is definitely one of the best ever, and even the American actors are amazing, especially. Charlton Heston in the role of King Player - Who would have thought that ?! (There is a story about the fact that Histon once played Hamlet on the stage, and when one of the front row critics could not stand in front of him talking loudly, "This is terrible!", He responded that Houston responded right from the stage: "Of course this may not be true, but it is a funny story - if true, the bold and sarcastic choice of his program to include Houston here.) Robin Williams as" Young Ozric "may not have been small enough for the part, Comedy, is justified. <br /> <br /> In general, it's a good production version, although most of the main scenes, in my opinion, are very memorable. Of course, I saw this movie just as I was interested in Shakespeare (and at the same time like Romano + the huge Juliette of Lohrmann), and I had a great impression on me, which should explain some of her passion for it. All the things that have been taken into account, I must take it that Branagh's Hamlet is my favorite, with the 1980 release of Derek Jacoby of the BBC. Perhaps he loved Branagh's work in Shakespeare more than most, where he found an interpreter and an expert interpreter, with an unofficial and appealing attitude and a deep, enthusiastic and uneducated appreciation of the text. In Shakespeare's world of acting, the glittering luminaries remain Olivier and Pranage, and while Olivier is the outstanding actor, Branagh brings Shakespeare down from the base of rebellion and aging, into a brave, easy and popular world while nothing of her dignity. Prang, I think, Shakespeare emerges more truthfully than the world has seen so far. <br /> <br /> Thus, 10 out of 10 versus Hamlet is extremely massive.
