When I read Hamlet for the first time, I could only think of the end of OUTRAGEOUS FORTUNE, where Bet Middler hid the play because of how indecisive it was. "Give me Romeo any day." Five Acts A man tries to decide whether to kill his uncle or not? It seemed like an exaggeration to me. But after reading more, I grew up to truly appreciate the play. I have seen the versions of Olivier and Gibson (and part of Nicol Williamson's version), all of which take their model from Olivier; Dark Dark. Olivier did so at least without himself, but Gibson, and what I saw, Williamson, looked as if they had gone to see, "Oh, I'm acting! School. <br /> <br /> Here comes the copy of Kenneth Branagh, which holds the breath from start to finish. She was ranked second in the top ten in 1996 (behind the patient in English, before LONE STAR, Jerry Maguire, Fargo, Secrets and Lies, everyone says I love you, fluttering disaster, big night, look to Richard) Perhaps the best Shakespeare, put in the film. Branagh's talent as a film director, to make a full 70mm print, and not to lose our attention for four hours, is obviously wonderful, but what seems to be overlooked in the discussions about this film is his performance as a star. This was my favorite performance of the year by far. Prang avoids the melodrama in which actors seem to get involved by playing Hamlet as a regular natural person, and making us understand his actions and feelings every step of the way. Unlike Olivier, who relied mostly on his voice, Branah uses his entire body to show how much Hamlet feels, but since he plays with him as usual, none of these things seem like chewing the landscape. <br /> <br /> The rest of the cast is top notch as well. I had no objection to Jack Limon, although I agree that he is the weakest team member. The most amazing turn came from Charleston and Houston. I always found him tough as a board, but he was the captain of the King King team. The other big surprise was Billy Crystal. I thought I would find him completely wrong as the first Grafidger, but he was his usual funny character while in his personality. All in all, glorious movie!
