This was the second of the two films "Hamlets" in the nineties, the first is Franco Zeffirelli, starring Mel Gibson, from 1990. Zeffirelli's version, like Laurence Olivier's of 1948, is based on a short version of the play, with much of the original Shakespeare being cut. (I did not see Tony Richardson's copy in 1969, but since it took less than two hours, even shorter than Zephreyle, I suppose it was also shortened). Kenneth Branagh was trying something more ambitious - a film based on the full text of the play, with a run time of up to about four hours. <br /> <br /> Through his film "Henry V," Branagh earned the title of Shakespeare filmmaker Oliver, asserting his brilliant claims "a lot of nonsense about nothing," a rare example of a major Shakespeare-based film. "Hamlet" was Shakespeare's third film as director (he also played Iago in "Othello" by Oliver Parker 1995). As one would expect, the film is quite different from "Ad Ad ??". The previous film, filmed in a villa in the hills of Tuscany and beautiful surrounding countryside, is a fun and summer film about everything that makes life worth living. <br /> <br /> By contrast, "Hamlet", in contrast to the depths of the winter. (The flowers in the description of Ophelia's death suggest that Shakespeare himself thought of the work that takes place in the summer). The film's appearance is particularly spectacular, luxurious and cool. He was filmed at Blenheim Palace, one of England's most prestigious houses, but also forbidden. The outside scenes are snowy and cold. Those internal formal and detailed. The work is updated to the middle of the 19th century. Women's figures wear fine fashions at the time, while the main men wear a magnificent military uniform. (There is a contrast here with Zeffirelli, where both interior design and fashion were quiet.) The play is dominated by images of corruption and degeneration; perhaps the intention of Pranag is the contrast between the magnificent surface and "a corrupt thing in the state of Denmark." <br /> <br /> The film is prestigious for a large number of top actors, some of them in very simple roles. (Blink, and you may miss John Guildgood or Judy Dench). The production company obviously needed a team of stars, and they were worried about a four-hour film. Some Hollywood stars importers, such as Robin Williams and Osrick, did not really come, but others, such as Charleston Heston, King Player or Billy Crystal at Grafideger I, played their roles very well. Eurek, which is usually seen only as a skull, is seen here in the form of flashback, performed by British comedian Ken Dodd. Brian the Blessed, who often plays gay characters, is portrayed as a "ghost" and makes the scenes in which he appears really scary. <br /> <br /> Among the main characters, maybe the weakest is Ophelia for Kate Winslet. She was the lead in Shakespeare's first two films, then his wife Emma Thompson, but their marriage ended in divorce in 1995. However, I found myself hoping that Thompson would be represented in this role; although Winslet entered her crazy scenes in Ophelia, She looked weak in the previous scenes where her character was still rational. (Helena Bonham Carter preferred the Zivelli version). Richard Breyers plays the role of Polonius with greater dignity than is often presented to him, a wise and experienced counselor, not an old deception. Julie Christie also brings dignity to the role of Gertrude. There is no attempt here, as happened with Gibson and Glenn Close in the Zeffirelli version, suggesting that a thief is associated with Hamlet. (An interpretation that owes more to Freud than to Shakespeare). The age difference between Christie and Pranag is big enough to be reliable as a mother and son, and it certainly was not the case with Claus and Gibson. (Oliver Herter, Elaine Hurley, was 13 years younger). <br /> <br /> Pranage stated that his intention to restore those scenes that are often cut in the films is "to reinforce the idea that the play revolves around a national and a local tragedy." Much of the pressure is put on the war with Norway and the Norwegian prince Fortinbras - a sub-scheme that was completely ignored by Zeffirelli. Perhaps this emphasis on national tragedy is best illustrated in Claudius' character, which sometimes plays as a one-dimensional villain. There is something about the performance of Derek Jacobi, which indicates that Claudius could have been a good man under different circumstances, but allowed himself to be astounded by ambition and lust. He could have been a good and loyal servant to his brother, but chose to rule as a bad king. Despite being tortured with guilt, he sees no way to compensate for the evil he has done. <br /> <br /> Pranagh, a superb fluent speaker in the Shakespearean verse, is wonderful in the main role. Like Gibson, has little time for the old Hamlet concept as indecisive, passive and depressing. His is an active, physical and vital Hamlet, the best thing that appears in his deadly match with Laertes. His guiding principle was not the exhausting despair of the world, but he was an active disgust of evil and corruption. <br /> <br /> Pranage's gamble was a four-hour epic, and the film did not work well at the box office. However, many critics have praised him, and James Bardenelli was particularly enthusiastic. In my opinion, whatever the financial returns, Pranage's gamble has been technically successful. By focusing on the full text, he was able to highlight the full meaning and full emotional strength of Shakespeare's most complex play. When I reviewed his film "Too Much Flutter?" , I said it was the greatest film ever made for Shakespeare's comedy. "Hamlet" may be the greatest film of Shakespeare's tragedy ever. 10/10
