The image of film studios that are directed financially rather than creatively is not without truth (in fact, it is more than a fact). This raises the question of why Castle Rock Entertainment allowed Kenneth Branagh to create a full-length version of "Hamlet" with its full creative control among other things. Of course, Branaj had to approve some concessions (a starry crew, 2.5 hours for a wider version), but why did the Pranage film studio allow to spend the money on a 4-hour version they knew the few would see? Could they, at least in this case, have enough respect for the physical vision and vision of Branagh to create something for only a few people? This is not a question I can answer. Whatever the reason, this is a glorious vision for those who want to spend four hours watching Hamlet. Everyone knows the story, so I will not spend too much time in it. However, unlike other productions of the play, including the theater, this production is completely uncircumcised, never before. According to some, Shakespeare never intended to produce a play without cutting, leaving a decision on what to include at the director's discretion. However, I have no doubt that if he could see him, Bard would have been pleased to produce Branagh. <br /> <br /> The film is very heavy with movie stars, although most of them have little parts. All play their parts equally well. I thought Pranach was too old to play Hamlet, and although he might be, his performance was more than compensating him. Hamlet is a complex part, displaying all feelings of sadness to anger, happiness to madness, and everything in between. Prana nailed it. Derek Jacoby is as wonderful as Claudius the Deceiver, who drives his deception and betrayal of all these things; his unique voice is perfect for the role. Julie Christie is also very good like Gertrude, an interested Hamlet mother who does not realize what is going on until the late game. <br /> <br /> Classic actors are represented in small pieces (Judy Dench is available to everyone from 60 seconds and has no lines), but at least they are in it. Surprisingly no one takes this to the heart. Everyone gives it all, and it shows. Special mention must go to Jack Lemon and Billy Crystal, who are excellent. Robin Williams is a bit silly, but not bad (his role is too small anyway). <br /> <br /> However, this is undoubtedly Branaj's show. He adapted one of the most famous plays in history, so he did a project whale; it was impressive that he did it, but the fact that the film is good is a huge achievement. What I really like about this film is that you do not have to be a researcher in Shakespeare to enjoy it. As most people know, it is hard to digest Shakespeare, but Pranach and his representatives understand it. Hamlet is still very happy just to sit and listen to the actors to offer a wonderful dialogue and excellent representation. <br /> <br /> This is essential for anyone and everyone. It may take four hours, but it's definitely worth it.
