First, what I did not like. The acting was not really up to the level of Hamlet. Branagh was the most, doing a lot of shouting mostly. In my opinion, these actors who were not famous big names have generally done a better job; although I am excluding Billy Crystal and Robin Williams. (And Charlton Heston also, but I was not sure if he was playing in a breakthrough game). Many ambiguities in the play have been resolved in one way or another in the memories of the past. <br /> <br /> What I think speaks a lot in favor of this play is that it is accessible. Shakespeare is hard to understand for the vast majority of people these days; many people do not tend to try because of their reputation as a serious literature and an old English language. If they see this film they will understand clearly the interpretation of at least one man of the play. They will see it more as Shakespeare's audience saw it: sword battles and battles, mighty kings and nobles, murder, incest, bad guys and ghosts - and great art, if anyone cared to look for him, but it was not more Shakespeare Day, more than most people do now. Branagh's overestimation, and his imposition of his interpretation of the story on the viewer, may detract from the art of Shakespeare to a certain extent, but it is better to get the modern public part of it, rather than nothing. <br /> <br /> I've got to say something else though. Some people complain that "it was caught in the 19th century and this was not the time of Shakespeare." Well, in Shakespeare's time, their uniforms and spectacles were their special day for all their plays. He may have been in the days of ancient Rome or Denmark in the Middle Ages or anything else, but he did not wear his characters as they were, he used the fashion of his time. For the same reason his plays are filled with paradoxes of history. For example, in King John English and French they have guns - in the day Robin Hood. They speak in Julius Caesar about chimneys that will not be invented for thousands of years, and in Henry IV they talk about Machiavelli, who is still unborn. So I think this objection is ridiculous - you may also complain that the play is not in Danish (after all that live in Denmark is not it?).
