I'm still school-age, Shakespeare has to learn almost continuously over the past four years (which is out of reach for any writer, no matter how well), I did not really expect to enjoy this film when I put an English teacher on what I thought would be a typical lesson For English: bad representation, horrifying photography, bad editing, horrible old horrific dialogue, so, as you can tell, you're ready to go into a coma from the start. However, I saw, and much to my annoyance, that I found myself not only observing, but also enjoying the film. Hamlet's production may be one of the best drama films I've seen in a long time. It gives life to Shakespeare's expectation that his plays (well, unlike that) are much better than English-language teachers who run the text can do. The story is good, the dialog box seems to be flowing with an unexpected blessing that is far from boredom (although it is hard to keep up with the little if you are not familiar with Shakespeare) and even the smallest parts are performed with skill you do not want to expect, mainly because of the amazing number of the film . Brian is blessed and Charlton and Heston are fantastic as you expect these two old warriors, even in the small parts, but Robin Williams like Oscrick and Billy Crystal are the Grafidgeers who really stand out, giving such small parts an unexpected flavor. , In addition to providing some comfort in the middle of the tragedy. <br /> <br /> The main stars, of course, are also fantastic. Kenneth Branagh excels Hamlet's role, not only from the confusion and pain required to roll, but also from the disgruntled air that plays beautifully in the viewer, making the whole film more watchable. Other key players are also good, but Kenneth Branagh is the front and shoulders above the rest in the championship. <br /> <br /> The pieces, too, are often very spectacular, providing a refreshing change to the busy old castle corridors that we are used to seeing in Shakespeare's productions, as well as the real sense of the country around them. <br /> <br /> Of course, the film, which was filmed as a film in itself, is not free of errors, but there are no big mistakes (speed is the only real problem I can think wrong, as well as prose to anyone who is not used , As I said, in Shakesperean), especially when compared to the type of Shakespeare productions that I used to see in the classroom, it's really wonderful. He even made me rethink the position of the former model teenager about Shakespeare, that his plays were boring (I came to the conclusion that they were not boring plays, only the teachers who read them in class). If they just run all his plays in films like this, English students in schools everywhere may have a higher opinion of Bard. <br /> <br /> Overall 7/10
