Moonchild is a very difficult movie to classify. It is easier to think of it as many life clips of the two main characters. The fact that these characters are members of the street gang in a multicultural city in the near future and that one of them is a vampire does not prevent them from having moments like any other people, and this is one of the places where this film is different from anything else I've heard of . It does not end with the fact that one of the main characters is a vampire, it's just something to be treated like any other problem. The way in which the characters interact is surprisingly realistic - there are relatives and embarrassing tricks designed to look cool and do not work, leaving the film with a nice feeling not to take himself seriously for the most part. <br /> <br /> The other area that really came out to me is languages. The fictional city of Mallepa has different cultural groups, and the characters speak the language they are expected to speak. Japanese gang members speak Japanese with each other, but the Chinese speak to people of Chinese origin. Perhaps the most entertaining exchange involves Australian and is done in English. The representatives of the four main characters, who can be said to have three separate foreign languages, speak different levels of each other's languages, so it is a wonderful feat that the film was produced at all. Which, I think, leads me to the main actors. <br /> <br /> Much has been made of the fact that the film starred two of Japan's biggest rock stars, Gackt and Hyde, as well as Taiwanese star Lee-hom Wang, whether to praise them for their actions or criticism or Just their anger. In my opinion, Lee Hom is the best in direct and realistic personal play. However, any lack of representation ability by Gackt is often masked by the fact that the character he plays is vulnerable to over-representation. I was not sure if Hyde's personality was supposed to be opaque and cynical as he appeared, but this did not really detract from the film in either direction. <br /> <br /> There are many scenes that take Miliodramia turns, which made it hard for them to affect myself a lot (although this does not seem to stop many people). I found it better to just enjoy the film and not take it seriously - it's perfect to go out with friends and a bunch of friends. It has its drawbacks, but in general it was very enjoyable and strongly recommended to anyone who did not mind a few translations.
