The third cooperation of Karlov and Lugosi is to move away from Bo and into the world of science fiction. Karlov plays Dr. Janus Roch, an inventor of a device that can capture light rays through its telescope in the Carpathians and translate them into images that represent a visible history of the universe. <br /> <br /> Many guests, including Lugosi in his capacity as Dr. Bennett, the astronomer who ridiculed Roque's theories previously, show an unknown radiant element, called "Radium X", found in a meteorite On earth in the darkest of Africa several thousand years ago. . Karlov joins the mission to prove his theories, but Radium X is a difficult compound - settling the mountains in the long term and healing short-term blindness. Rukh neglected, however, poisoned himself, glowing in the dark like those old ready-made ads to Brick! Dr. Bennett is ready to develop an effective anti-radiation, but a combination of poisons and treatment pushes Rukh paranoid. Convinced that he has been cheated, he searches for members of the mission in Paris, including his separated wife, and touching him in his radioactive state means death ... <br /> <br /> Along the way we get an ancient false scientific idea that the eyes The dead person records the image of their murderer (the remarkable Karlov!) And the Radium X device used to dissolve the symbolic statues representing mission members. And even a touch of James Whale at Coquene Castle in Paris! <br /> <br /> The Invisible Ray is very interesting, apart from the gothic opening, it is interesting to see a global movement moving to Africa and Paris. The film lacks speed, but it is always absorbing. Karlov beats his performance a little but Lugosi is wonderful. Universal used the storyline again in Man Made Monster, this time with Lon Chaney Jr. As a glowing threat (this time because of electricity) and Leonell Atwill as a terrible doctor too much of Lugosi here. Invisible Ray is a small, gloomy, intelligent film with a lot of admiration for it. Not as famous as the other world horror, perhaps, but it works and is very entertaining.
