Horror Gods Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi should be enough for any genre fan to watch a movie, and although they are the most persuasive, they are not the only reason to watch this small little science / Horror jewel. "The Invisible Ray" (1936) is not involved in other contemporary films that star in Karloff ("Frankenstein", "Bride Of Frankenstein", "The Mummy", "Lugosi" ("The Black Cat", "The Raven", ...), it is undoubtedly a very entertaining movie and no one should love me. The movie seems to be a bit silly, compared to the other Universal Horror images, but in an exhilarating way, Karlov and Lugosi, of course, shine as always, and the film benefits from great scenes and excellent photography. Yannos Roch, a brilliant scientist who invented a technique to look past the telescope, discovered that a meteor had struck the earth for thousands of years. The invention of Rokh, the famous French scientist Dr. Felix Bennett (Bella) Lugosi, surprised him and invited him to join the expedition to find the meteorite. Rukh finds a discovery that is capable of both great utility and great destruction ... It is curious that Carloff, who was in fact Britain, plays the role of a Hungarian scientist here while Lugosi, who was Hungarian, plays the role of a French scientist. Both are excellent as usual. As far as I am concerned, these two goddesses may have been photographed while reading the phone book, and I am sure they would have done something - either the man is a symbol of horror, and seeing them together is a treat for all lovers of this kind. By the way, this is one of the few films, if not the only film, which obviously Lugosi was already longer than Karloff. Francis Drake provides a good feminine role in her role as the beautiful wife of Dr. Rokh. The rest of the presentations are also good, if not particularly noteworthy. Unlike the casting of Karloff and Lugosi, it is possible that the film's greatest qualities are the atmosphere due to its superb settings and photography, as well as the wonderful and very entertaining cheese story. My main complaint is that I would have liked more screen time for Lugosi, and that his role would be a bit more important. It is wonderful as usual, but its role could have been bigger and more evil. Otherwise, "The Invisible Ray" is a great entertainment film that should satisfy all lovers of the classic Horror / Sci-Fi cinema and must be seen by all my fellow fans of Lugosi / Karloff.
