The story of Ned Kelly has been stripped of myths and exaggeration out of reach, and this film is no exception. What ensures that Ned Kelly has a permanent place in history is his efforts, even for the sake of the police officers who hunt him. During several battles, he went out wearing a cast-iron platter, from which the bullets available to the police came back at the time. In fact, it was only because there were some brilliant sparks among the Victorian policemen who noticed that he had not lifted his legs. He had been arrested and choked. The story is told in schools and history in Australia for a long time that some permutations of the story have become, ironically, boring. The more stories try to portray Kelly as an inhuman or superhuman monster, the less people will be interested. <br /> <br /> This is where this adaptation to our sun rises, a tale of Kelly's myth. Instead of trying to portray Ned Kelly, who did not feel as much as he did, the film quickly identified him as a human being. In fact, the reversal of popular myth, showing Victorian police corruption and intolerable situation for colonists, goes a long way to making this film stand out among the masses. Here, Ned Kelly is just a man who lives in a time and place where in order to be convicted of murder, one simply had to be the closest person to the body when a policeman found her. No, I do not. The only area where the film makes a mistake is to exaggerate the Irish-English-versus-English mentality of the battles. While Kelly's ring was clearly Irish, Australia has long been a place where people of diverse ethnicities converge almost seamlessly (a scene highlighted by some Chinese immigrants). <br /> <br /> Heath Ledger does a great job of impersonating an Australian outlaw. Just because of the fame he found in other films, the audience realizes they are watching Ledger and not Kelly himself. Orlando Bloom has finally found a role that he does not seem to have completely lost without bowing. The appearance of Jeffrey Rush as a police chief in Glenroan shows why he is one of the most respected actors on that small, desolate island. status. But Naomi Watts, who appears as Julia Cook, is the one who got a big deal in this film. Although the film basically indicates that Cook was essentially the woman in the life of Ned Kelly, you would not know that from the minimum screen time I got here. In fact, a lot of one hundred and ten minutes of film feel more freeze than exploration. Once the element of police corruption is established, in fact, the film's rockets are accelerated so quickly that they feel the speed. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, most of the movie's strengths are not exploited. Rush barely gets a screen time bigger than his name in the opening and closing credits. As already for the watts, the rest of the cast is similar to a little mannequins. I can only conclude that fifteen minutes, or even thirty minutes of footage, may have corrected this. But this leads to the other problem, since the lack of depth or background of characters other than the protagonist leaves the story's events without effect. One scene is able to do the work of making speech well, but unfortunately, everything becomes a set of moments that have no connection after a while. If one thinks the impression this film creates, the question of weeks, and even days, passes between when Ned Kelly becomes a wanted man, a corrupt police officer says, and the infamous shooting in Glenroan. Annoyingly, the trial and implementation of Ned Kelly has not even been here, where it is simply referred to in translations before credits start. <br /> <br /> However, apart from some shaky camera actions at times, Ned Kelly is able to visualize some sensational shooting operations and has a good start. For this reason, you rated them seven out of ten. The other critics were not so nice, so if you were not impressed by the unusual shootings (and what might be more unusual than the full body armor in a colonial shootout?), You'd better look elsewhere. Especially if you want a more realistic account of the life of Ned Kelly.
