Well, note the people who have collected these influential horror legends: I'm really grateful and I support the initiative a lot, but ?? Have you seen the movies before they were selected as part of the group? When I bought the Boris Karloff collection, there were many films in which the star played only a supportive and non-essential role ("The Strange Door"). However, the "Invisible Ray" is part of the Bela Lugosi group and here actually Boris Karloff is dominating Bela! This was actually a great title for Boris Karloff's group instead! Bella Lugosi's personality may be the most wonderful and serious character he has ever seen in his career, and Karloff plays the role of a crazy and obsessed world here. The Invisible Ray features three main chapters. The first, located in the castle of Catherine of Dr. Janus Rukh, is very boring and requires a lot of viewer patience, but of course the personal drawings and subject discussed here are necessary for the rest of the film. Dr. Roch (Karlov) explains to a couple of eminent colleagues (including Bella Lugusi as Dr. Bennett) how he was able to capture extraterrestrial radiation in a self-made device. The scientists were sincerely impressed with his work and invited Rukh and his beautiful wife Diane on an exploratory trip to the heart of Africa. Dr. Rukh isolates himself from the group, and discovers the essential element "Radium X" to complete his medical beam and goes completely after exposure to the meteor itself. It is clear that the third and final act is the best and the most terrifying, as it revolves around an old-fashioned killing spree with ingenious tricks and melting peaks. Karlov glows in the dark, convinced of others to steal his discovery and even his life, intends to eliminate them with a fatal touch. The narrative structure of The Invisible Ray seems somewhat complex, but the film is easy to follow and entertain. The story is somewhat elusive but nevertheless, director Lambert Hiller provides many moments of sheer suspense. Boris Karloff is really fantastic as well as Lugosi, although he deserves to have a slightly larger screen time. Their scenes together are the highlights of the film, along with the unconventional photos of Boris Glowing.
