Boris Karloff and Bella Lugosi made several films together, but in general (interesting enough) Karlov was usually the best man of the two. The real exception is the "Black Cat" (1934), where Karlov plays a vicious head of the Devil's cult, and Lugosi seeks revenge on him to destroy his life. But the most common thing is Black Friday, where Karlov (whatever his motive) tries to improve brain surgery while Lugusi is a killer killer. In the "Crow" Lugosi is a sadistic surgeon, kicks Karlov to help with his evil plans until Karlov finally had enough. Rarely they are both completely negative characters. In the film "The Body Snatcher", Karlov kills Lugosi, but Lugosi tries to blackmail him. <br /> <br /> The only exception when they are both very sympathetic but in cross-purposes is this 1936 film, which I feel has rarely been accepted by the public for some of the other films I mentioned. Dr Carlos Janos Rukh in Karloff's book is a courageous scientific genius who has been denounced by the "official scientific community" for his theory that a rare form of radium found in Nigeria on a meteorite fell centuries ago. He has recently received the support of a well-funded mission led by Sir Francis Stevens and his wife Lady Arabella Stephens (Walter Kingsford and Paula Bondi) and another French scholar, Dr. Felix Bennett (Lugosi), wife of young Rukh Dian (Francis Drake), friend and protector of Stevens Drake (Frank Lawton). <br /> <br /> Before leaving, Rukh warned his mother (Violet Campbell Kopper) that he may be seeking wisdom that should not and may end in tragedy. He tries to reject this, but he is concerned about what he says, his scientific standing, whether he will get his proper balance or not. <br /> <br /> What happens is a disaster. He finds the substance, but is injured by the wonderful radioactivity. He finds that he burns slowly, and if he tries to touch people or animals die. I have already built a friendship or an understanding with Benet, who discovered a kind of radioactive cocktail of fighting to use Rukh to face the danger. But there are two things that do not strike here. The antidote can only last for a certain period of time and must be renewed. Radioactivity has affected Rukh's brain. He is increasingly jealous of Diane's friendship with Ronald (unfortunately encouraged by Sir Francis and Mrs Arabella), and he is also upset (because he has to pretend he has died - the effects of radioactivity like this). Bennett and many others collect the wonders of wonders that Radium X "of man. Rukh soon became in a state of deadly agitation that destroys many lives and ends his life. <br /> <br /> Certainly the film picked up the flag to some extent. Madame Curie recently died of cancer that she got because of her work with radium. Few people fully understood the dangers of radioactivity in 1936, but the idea of ​​what was showing. The wave of murder by Rukh makes newspapers speak of a "curse" on the campaign. Of course, with the idea of ​​the "damned" campaign on the continent of Africa, he was buried centuries ago, with the funding of an English man entitled, "We entered archeology, not physics or geology" (published by Howard Carter and Lord Carnivon). <br /> <br /> On the other hand, Benet is trying to settle the cause of the series of deaths, and returns to the idea that was already demolished in 1888 in England. During the White Chappell killings, Sir Charles Warren ordered retinal imaging of many dead to see if the last image on the retina was Jack the Reaper. It turned out that he got retinal images of dead prostitutes only. But the idea did not die. Jules Verne used it in his novel "The Brothers of Cape" in 1899, and here Dr. Bennett uses it. As this is a science fiction story, Rukh's picture is found on the painting, but Benet accidentally drops the painting and crashes it. <br /> <br /> The film is good on many reasons, and the most interesting for the change Karlov and Lugosi are not sympathetic to each other. There is a kind of tragic fatalism in this lost story from their other films. Other offers are good as well, especially Mrs. Kemble Cooper. It is best to remember her as a terrifying sister, Basil Rathbone (Jane Murdstone) at David Copperfield. Here her last act is the only way to end this tragedy, and who can say that it did not hurt her more than her goal.
