There is no doubt that during the 1930s, the names of Boris Karlov and Bella Lugosi became a sure guarantee of excellent performance in high quality horror films. After becoming the first monster in Universal in the classic film Dracula, Bella Lugosi became the ultimate villain by his elegant style and foreign accent (unfortunately, this latter factor also led him to be loved in the 1940s). Similarly, Boris Karloff's performance in James Whel's Frankenstein has turned him into a man to look for when one wants a good beast. Of course, it was natural that these characters would end with the screen, and the film that unites it was "The Black Cat" in 1934. This version will be repeated in many films during the decade, and the film director Lambert Heller's "The Invisible Ray" Another film of those secondary classics that they did in those years. <br /> <br /> "Invisible Radiation," Dr. Janus Rukh (Boris Karloff) is a brilliant scientist who devised a device capable of displaying scenes of the past of our planet captured in the light rays coming from the Andromeda galaxy. In presenting his invention to his colleagues, Dr. Felix Bennett (Bella Logosi) and Sir Francis Stevens (Walter Kingsford) discovered that thousands of years ago, a meteor struck in what is now Nigeria. After this remarkable discovery, Dr. Rukh decides to join his colleagues on an exploratory trip to Africa, searching for the place where the mysterious meteors fall. This campaign will not be useful to any Roch, as his wife Diane (Francis Drake) will fall in love with Ronald Drake (Frank Luton), an experienced fisherman brought by Stevens to help them in their mission. However, Rukh would lose more than his wife on that trip, because he would change forever after exposure to the invisible rays of the meteors. <br /> <br /> Written by John Colton (who previously wrote the text for "The Werewolf of London"), The Invisible Ray has its roots in an original science fiction story by Howard Higgin and Douglas Hodges. Since this was a film with Karloff and Lugosi, Colton focuses a lot on the horror aspect of his story and plays in a very effective way with the crazy model world and adds a good dose of melodrama to the spice of things. One of the elements that makes "The Invisible Ray" stand out among the other horror films of that era is how Colton plays with morality through the story. That is, there are no heroes and villains exactly in the classical style, but people who make decisions and later face the consequences of those choices. In many ways, "The Invisible Ray" is a modern tragedy about concerns, guilt and revenge. <br /> <br /> Lambert Helleier, the veteran director of low-budget films, got a chance to produce three Universal Pictures when the legendary studio faced serious financial problems. Thanks to his limited resource experience, Helyyer's films were always well-presented despite budget constraints, and "The Invisible Ray" was not an exception. While there is no place near the elegant gothic atmosphere of the previous world horror films, Helyyer effectively captures the essence of the Colton scenario, because it gives the film a darker and more satisfactory mood in the novels of pulp than in direct science fiction. Finally, you must say a word about using Hillyer for special effects: for a very low budget film, they look much better than those in many A-movies of the era. <br /> <br /> As usual in a film with Lugosi and Karlov, the performances of these legends are of extraordinary quality. As the protagonist of the film, Boris Karloff is perfect in portraying a man who is blindly blinded by his devotion to his work, which fails to see the evil he unleashes. As his colleague Dr. Bennett, Bella Lugis is just fun to watch, stealing every scene he sees and showing what an actor is. As Rukh's wife, Frances Drake is extremely effective, she really helps her character become more of a girl in distress. However, two of the highlights of the film are Kemble Cooper's performances in the role of Mother Rukh and Beulah Bondi as Lady Arabella, where both actresses exploit most of their limited time on the screen, making their supporting roles memorable. Frank Luton also plays a good role in his role, but nothing surprising when compared to other actors. <br /> <br /> If someone rules this movie according to today's standards, it is very easy to dismiss it as another cheap science fiction movie with bad special effects and insidious insensitivity. However, it will be a mistake, because despite its low budget, it has been well executed in its time. Moreover, given that the film was produced when the nuclear phase was about to begin and radioactivity was still a relatively new concept, his ideas about the dangers of radioactivity were frighteningly accurate. One last thing worth mentioning is the interesting way in which the text deals with relationships between characters, especially the friendship and rivalry between Dr. Manos and Dr. Bennett Bard, because this allows for great scenes between iconic actors. <br /> <br /> While there is no place close to the Gothic expressionism of Frankenstein films, nor the elegant thrill of the Black Cat, the Lambert Hiller's The Invisible Ray is certainly a simple classic story between Universal Pictures and horror films . With one of the most interesting scenarios in the horror of the 1930s, this combination of fantasy, horror and science fiction is a little underestimated jewel, so they now offer a good dose of entertainment by two of the most surprising actors who have had this kind of horror: Boris Karlov and Bella Lugosi. 10/08
