I'm sure he has not heard many people outside Australia about the legend of Ned Kelly. I once saw a documentary about the man, but this is the only time I have ever seen or heard anything about him. I think this may be the biggest problem faced by this film. No one knows anything about it, and probably not many people will care about the subject. <br /> <br /> The film tells the story of Ned Kelly's life. The Irish immigrant lived in northwest Victoria throughout his life, but was not welcomed by the authorities. The police always accuse him of everything he can think of and continue to harass his family. When Kelly got sick of the way things were going, he formed a gang with his brother and two other men. They start stealing banks and even kidnapping an entire city for 3 days. All this violence leads to the hunt for a man organized by the police and when they kill three policemen, they are outlaws. Finally, they take a pub in Glenroan, where they have a party with all the visitors, and wait for a train full of police to get off the track in part of the track they have torn. But the train is able to stop at the right time because someone is warning them and what follows is a battle for life and death between the police and the four militants ... <br /> <br /> It is very difficult to know whether everyone is shown in the film true or false. I think no one really knows, because there will always be two camps that will tell each other what they are: One camp says it was a hero, Robin Hood a bit, while others say he is a normal criminal, a murderer and a thief. In fact, I could not tell you which one was right. Maybe both are true, but what I can say is that the facts in the film and the documentary were the same. <br /> <br /> This was a nice addition to the documentary I once saw and I really enjoyed performing all the actors. Heath Ledger, Orlando Bloom, Naomi Watts, Jeffrey Rush are all well-known actors, but even the lesser-known actors in this production know that they all know how good acting should be. I really enjoyed this movie and gave it 7.5 / 10
