After borrowing this film from the local library two weeks ago I intended to see it originally or just a few days after Memorial Day, I finally arrived at Sayonara this morning only. In this film, Marlon Brando plays the role of Major Lloyd "Ace" Grover, a son of a general who was brought up in a way. He was transferred from Korea to Japan where his friend Eileen Webster (Patricia Owens) became suitable. Before leaving, he tries to convince one of his men, Joe Kelly (red buttons), to marry a Japanese woman Katsumi (Miyoshi Umeki) because this is a violation of the laws of military brotherhood. With Eileen's romance and romance abroad, however, Ace becomes not only the best man at the wedding of Joe and Katsumi, but also competes with an Asian himself after he and Captain Mike Bailey go to the city and watch the headlines Hanaa Ogi Taka) on stage. Billy himself dates back to one of the dancers, Fumiko-san (Rico Cuba). Elaine herself seems to have a whim for one of the Kabuki artists, Nakamura (Ricardo Montalban). I will stop at this point and say that this was a largely convincing drama about the prejudices of American-Asian romantic relationships that were so moving from start to finish. Even the vision of Hespanyk Montalban plays eastern, not too embarrassing (although it is good to have a short role). There are some gentle touches of Brando's spirit that reach the top of Button and Umeki's inner entrance more than once. Red and Miyoshi deserve their own Red Oscars with their united and proud feelings all the time. Rocky Garner, before being represented in his legendary role on television "Marvirik", is quite good at watching with Brando and Mikko Taka shows great restraint in his initial labeling as anti-American. While I read that there were some changes from James Mishner's novel, I can not imagine the director Yosha Logan, who had previously adopted other works of Mishner in the Broadway musical "South Pacific" and eventually made it into a film too, the original. He certainly gave some inspiration to the final scenes that made the tragic tragedy in the film a necessary chore. Some production figures may have made the film a little longer but otherwise, Saonara was a great educational experience of the fifties that prevailed in America and Japan at the time.
