Because of reading bad comments and telling friends that they can not believe how bad they are, I did not go to see this movie in the cinema. After watching it on DVD, I must say I'm so sorry for now. I'm not saying it's great, but I'm risking saying it's a good movie. I enjoyed it. <br /> <br /> People have more thicker skulls than a Ned helmet if they go to watch a movie like this and expect it to be a documentary. If you read the actual history behind most films based on historical figures, there is usually a big difference between reality and fantasy photography. I do not think Janjis had been filmed before even though it was close to historical reality. What kind of men was Ned Kelly actually is a topic of discussion, and he seems to be very excited. Despite the efforts of governments and some historians, Ned Kelly became a legend. Myths are stories, stories tell a lot about those who see them and listen to them as they do about the actual figure itself. Ned Kelly has become a popular identity because he represents this aspect of Australian culture that does not trust or accept power. A society where there is no opposition or challenge to power is more mad and dangerous than anyone else. <br /> <br /> So I do not expect this to be an accurate adaptation of the historical Kelly band, I found it really amazing a film that is not overloaded and refreshing. He was emotional and romantic, but luckily he was not anywhere in the cheese; for my Australian colleagues, he saw "The Lighthousesman" and you'll see what I mean (unfortunately the way this story was treated is very bad). Perhaps it was possible to abandon the love relationship for more details in other areas, such as shooting at soldiers. Ironically, I really enjoyed the film because of that, because those details will be the focus of most of the focus on Ned's story. The details of the story are best explored by reading different views presented by various historians. <br /> <br /> This film has always been through a difficult time, making concessions about the attractiveness of the international film market (to pay grain) and legend as it means to the Australians; there may be a little Ned spirit in this film because I think it is a revolt against expectations People, unfortunately, missed both goals. Luckily, this game has made a fun movie. For me it was an unexpected film about Ned, which is why I liked it. Orlando Bloom's performance has done a lot for the film too - he has added something really. I think he would have enjoyed being monsters rather than a beautiful sprite for change. <br /> <br /> When you think of some other films that are much worse than this movie, you should reconsider your opinion of this film. Send me this on a DVD for Christmas instead of Croc Dundee or The Man From Snowy River at any time.
