It must be several years after its release, so do not know why it was in the movies. But as a child I enjoyed it. I found the VHS bar from Superman and Mole Men in the second-hand goods market and decided to watch it again (it's been many years). I did not expect much, and I now know how B films were produced at the time. But I was pleasantly surprised to find the film which is highly volatile and represented by all outstanding. The usual representation in these quality films leaves much to be desired. Surprisingly, writing was not bad either. Forget the fact that Superman moved from sequence to sequence and could kick all their heels at first, because then the story is over, right? Well, the mole men's fashion was rude and not too scary (they did not scare me even as a child). However, the identification of allowances for the low budget potential of the background and fashion, was a good task done by everyone. I immediately met Sharif as an old guard from Days of Death Valley and many supporting roles in Western TV. C. Farrell MacDonald played the role of an old pop and was always a great supporting actor in more films than I could count on. Walter Reid and Jeff Curie were familiar faces as well as other films. Did you know the old doctor captain of the ship that went to get King Kong? Did you know the little girl who rolled the ball into the mole as Lisbeth Searcy at Old Yeller? Some mole men were very famous. Jerry Marin, the Mayor of Machez, played for McDonald's, Little Oscar Meyer, and Munchkin had handed Dorothy a lollipop, and was in the Seefeld episode and a wealth of other works. Billy Cortes played an unforgettable role with Clint Eastwood in the Plains Dreiter, and was a friend whom the star met in an incredible man squeezed, and had a role in the movie I Just Luckily grabbed in a market for second-hand goods entitled My Gal Sal with Rita Hayworth, Oz and many other parts - a great actor. John Prambre was also Munchkin. Felice Coates, who played the role of Louis Lane in this film, was undoubtedly a wonderful part and George Reeves as Superman / Clark Kent and Superman. He did a great job of playing the strong man. The bottom line is that all I said is that this film is worth seeing because of acting and writing in dealing with a very flimsy idea of ​​a film. But it was in the fifties, and nothing was possible from infiltrators from outer space to the men from the inner space. It's definitely worth watching, there's no bad actor in the group. Both of the actors put together were very lucky to get many talented actors in a B movie. Some had already had a wealth of experience and some were about to get a wealth of experience - but everyone was talented. So, if you get a chance to see the movie, forget the fashion of the Dupe and enjoy the excitement and acting. Is this a bird? Is it a plane? No, just a good old movie to enjoy it!
