I used to watch this on HBO, Showtime or Cinemax during one summer in the mid-nineties when my parents were involved in these channels. I encountered it several times in different parts and found it always dark, strange and wonderful. I was young at the time, the first teenager. Now, years after her great discovery, Arliss Howard and her rush with "Big Bad Love" I bought a DVD of "Wilder Napalm" and prepared it with my girlfriend for the first time in many years. I absolutely loved it! I was really impressed and impressed. There are a lot of dynamic complexities in fluid and intelligence within camera movements and cinematography; all in line with the smart, intense and instant chemistry between the three strands and their story, music and all the other actors as well. It's really a "film". I love the intensity of Arles Howard, the contrasting force and the hidden intelligence, I am very impressed with anything he does; his interaction with mania Debra Wenger (and they are married) has this charming magical reality as he walks through the camera. (I wonder if they are watching this at the wedding ceremonies? ....... "Big bad love" should be the next stop for anyone who has not seen it; it's wonderful.), Dennis Quaid in a complete clown makeup, , Hidden and displayed by choice of clips and full-flowered delivery is a kind of pure black film charm that you do not see very much. Quidd has always had a sinister quality for me, with his narrow mouth wide, hiding behind his flashing eyes, waiting to unleash himself either as an annoying charm or a devilish wonder (here). Howard and Quid have crazy fire behind their eyes to rid them of the wonderful interior boxes in a wonderful style. In fact the entire film has dark cold energy and hip density. It is a truly wonderful film, compiled by intelligence, imagination, agility and chemistry by all parties involved. I can not really imagine how this was funded, and it seems very expensive to me, through this traditional system devoid of imagination, but I thank God's films like this intrusion through the system every time in an instant. In a wonderful way, with all its bright carnival colors in the day, hip intelligence, dark humor distorted and charming chemistry, remember me one of my favorite movies of all time: "Grosse Pointe Blank" ...... Now this is a compliment in my book!
