This war-time comedy by Jimmy Perry and David Croft, who wrote the best television show Dads Army ever, was not as good as Dads Army, but still very enjoyable. About a band in India. Most episodes were about BSM Williams trying to get a concert, which he referred to as a set of puffs, published in the bush. Was always unsuccessful because the blind Colonel Reynolds (Donald Hewlett) and the stupid Captain Ashwood (Michael Knowles) were top fans of the concert. The concert was composed by Pompadier Solomans (George Layton), singer Ginger Rogers, Gunner Gloria, Beaumont (Melvin Hayes), Gouner's well-known pianist Gunner Graham, also known as Padarowski (John Clegg), and the singer Gunner "Lofty" Sognon, Gunner Parkens (Christopher Mitchell) (I think Williams was that Barkins was his son, he was very wrong), eater cannibal Gunner "Nocher" Evans and impersonated animals (Kenneth MacDonald), and Percy Edwards was not. Also, he participated heavily in the adventures of the Indian Indian believer Ranji Ram (Michael Bates), with char char Wah and Punkah-Wallah (Dino Shafiq and Babar Bhatti) supporting the wonderful Ram. <br /> <br /> The show, just as the parents' army left many phrases. Ranji Ram used to say to his friend Punkah Wallah "Do not be like a clever Dickie" and finished many shows. "Here's a very old Hindu example, for example when a wife lives with her best friend, He has most phrases. He was always shouting "Shuddup !!!!!" "Dear, how sad, I do not mind." When he speaks to Gunner Graham, he has always been sarcastic in a lavish tone. <br /> <br /> This offer does not enjoy the same recognition as the parent army. Perhaps due to the issue of taste: this is seen as raw. Williams is homophobia and called his men "puffs", although it must be said Williams is bear. Also, some people believe that there is a racist element in humor, using the fact that Michael Bates has been dark to play with Ranji Ram (Bates was born in India and already spoke Urdu before he speaks English), so the BBC will feel a little weak, Although the vast majority of people who have already seen the show agree that the offer is not racist, I know a half Indian person, they were no less insulting and they agreed like me did so it was a very funny show. When I see a ring for the first time, I laugh more than any other play, but when I see it round for the second time, I do not laugh much, but no matter how many times I see the father's army, I laugh many times in one of the episodes. <br /> <br /> Best Episode: The Road to Banu, Series 1, Episode 7
