7 If you are a child - 6 if you claim that you are an adult. The game, which corresponds to Lion King, is separated from two side characters, Timon and Bomba, and recounts the original story through their eyes, including the story of how they met. According to Disney's great tradition, bad consequences are produced, and sometimes a television series shows the adventures of small characters from their biggest songs. You can be as skeptical as you want about it, but probably not interested in kids and lovers of the series; they are enough jokes, songs and interesting things to make sure that this is one of the few top-end sequel. This works because of the charm of the beloved central characters, the fast pace, the jokes that involve the first film, and the older viewers there are some funny jokes. The animation is as good as it has always been, if less spectacular than the original, but the plot here revolves around the ease of it, Hakuna Matata. <br /> <br /> Timon and Bumba decided to watch the first film events, and often stopped the middle of the movie to joke about parts of it, like a real audience. We see how Timon is ostracized soon, he feels that he does not fit in, and decides to go further than he sees to find his ideal home. On his way to Bomba, another outcast and become friends. Soon they met Simba, the Lion cub, the natural predator for T and P, but they form a triad. However, when Simba realizes that he must follow his destiny and leave the group, it is up to others to decide whether or not they will help. Of course, Disney's usual elements and themes are here, friendship, good vs. evil, etc. The plot is simple but it works on many levels, making it smarter than a normal animated movie. When CG movies appear, Disney's traditional form should become more intelligent, but do not forget the roots that made it popular. Toy Story and everything that has happened since then is smart, with jokes that suit all ages, and that seems to be the way the market turns. However, there will always be a place for movies like this, and you can not make a mistake in buying this for the kids. <br /> <br /> 7 out of 10
