Shining is a strange example of adaptation: it is a little common with the novel source, written by Stephen King, yet is widely remembered as one of the best cinematic transitions to the work of the master of horror. This is due to two factors: the neat Stanley Kubrick direction and the cold representation of Jack Nicholson. <br /> <br /> Nicholson plays the role of Jack Torrance, the writer who takes care of the Overlock Hotel in Canada during the winter, and has not been affected by the ugly stories surrounding the place: he claims that the beautiful isolated site is what he needs to finish his new book. Thus, The Overlook becomes the new home of the Torrance family: Jack, his wife Wendy (Chile Shelley) and his five-year-old son Danny (Danny Lloyd). In particular, the boy feels something wrong: the chef, Dick or Haloran (the brother of Scatman Crothers), has told him that he has a mysterious psychic ability, an honorary luster that allows people like him and Dick to see glimpses of past and future, among other things. Because of this "gift", the troops who are staying at the hotel are immediately interested in Dani, although he is quite capable of resisting them. However, this is not the case of Jack, because he grows paranoid toward his wife's feelings and seeks comfort in the company for what can be defined as the best of ghosts, leading to a series of insanity and dread that are extremely difficult to break. <br /> <br /> The Shining works as a horror film because Kubrick, although never before in this kind of film, knew exactly what was effective and what was not, and hence the biggest focus On the atmosphere and trauma than being cloudy and creative blood baths. King criticized the filmmaker for changing the bulk of the story, deleting most of the sub-plot of Jack / Danny (which was only hinted at in the film) and which led to the climax of the book's strong emotional, and while his disappointment was valid, the omission was actually necessary: ​​the novel dealt with redemption, In an unconventional way, the courtyard is the theme of Kubrick, one of the most famous analysts in human caries, did not have a soft spot to. What he cares about is the mental and physical imbalance that threatens the characters, and keeps the creeping tone even thanks to the very cold approach and expert use of the Stamecam shell (meeting Danny with two hot twins is the best example). <br /> <br /> There was other criticism raised by the king about the actors, especially Nicholson: in the author's opinion, his trademark smile at the beginning of the film seemed to indicate that Jack was really crazy, and then undermined the rest of the story. Now it is true that Nicholson seems a bit clumsy from the start, but it is also true that Martin Chen (King's ideal choice for the role) may not be able to perform as terrifying as Nicholson: from now on the smile begins more disturbingly than ever before to the immortal " Here's Johnny! " The scene, impossible to portray another actor playing this part, and although the television version of The Shining from 1997 is not bad, the character of Torrance is indelibly linked to One Flew on the star Cuckoo's Nest. For Duvall and Lloyd, both add great support, as the latter deserves a place near Harvey Stephens (The Omen's Damien) and Haley Joel Osment as great icons for children's horror in the cinema. One may complain about Duval's quite different from his counterpart in his book (Blonde and Beautiful) and not having much to do except screaming and jogging, but two things must be considered: a) In 1980, the Cliches were not the "Queen of Scream" in 1980. One so far ; B) it rarely seemed that any actress was really terrified on the camera, making the differences between the films secondary books compared to the real fear that emanates from Wendy's eyes. <br /> <br /> Irwin Welch, the author of the book "Tronesputing," once said there is not something that is a perfectly faithful adaptation to any literary work (and should be known, given the liberties that Danny Boyle had when a masterpiece was introduced to Screen), but that does not mean the movie is necessarily bad. In the film, but in the hands of Kubrick and Nicholson, this major painting in a loose cinematic translation became one of the best and finest original horror pictures of all time, This is something that is true because of the current bad form.
