Sometimes, this is better than The Thing as my favorite horror movie. While Carpenter is the most effective and entertaining flick, the Cobrex is more artistic, more thought-provoking, and perhaps more terrifying. It is one of the few films in which I can look beyond its flaws and really love it. I'm not trying to compare it to the book ?? Which I read only once, several years ago, which scared me to death ?? Because the two do not have much in common, along with the story and characters clearly. It seems as if Kubrick was relying on people's love of the novel to make his film more frightening. In this way, it is certainly one of the most exciting modifications ever made to the book, as well as one of the greatest horror films. <br /> <br /> What makes the film so terrifying is not the fear of jumping, not the blood and gore, not the different ghosts that spring from time to time. It is the destruction of Jack Torrance. Some people complained about Nicholson's choice in this role, saying it was very clear that he would become crazy in the film, given his past roles and appearance. I disagree. We know he will become crazy? Because most of us read the book ?? Jack's appearance reinforces this idea only. But the way he behaves at first is what makes us really scared. It is quiet, quiet, patient. He shared an unreasonable small talk with hotel managers and even his family. Since the wife and son cause the anger of his colleagues, it is no wonder that he can. But once it reaches Overlook, it changes. He becomes agitated, angry, at the edge of the abyss. The scene that always strikes me is when Wendy interrupts his writing, loses it completely, and asks her to "leave him alone." This is the first atomic bomb fell into the film, a shock to the system. Since then, all bets have been stalled. <br /> <br /> Another thing I like is the multiple interpretations in the film. We are not really sure whether what we are seeing is actually happening. Many critics noted that whenever a jack spoke with a ghost, there was a mirror present, explaining that he might have been talking to himself. But what about other characters? Wendy never sees anything until her climax in the film, until she gets a tour of the many ghost population of the hotel, but she realizes that something is wrong, while Danny connects to the place almost immediately. His psychological powers are not in question ?? How does Halloran know coming to the hotel? ?? But did he see any of the ghosts of his parents? It is easy to claim that Jack only loses it, he is boxed in a hotel with his family, and Wendy later as well? Seeing your husband trying to kill you with an ax will do it ?? But what about Danny? His body seems to have been taken over by Tony, but how do we know for sure? None of these figures are reliable witnesses. Haloran may be warning of the dangers in 237, but he will be killed once he reaches Overlook. This is the last shot. Was there a more mysterious end to cinema? Has Jack really been there before? Or is his body "sucked" only at the hotel? When talking about acting in this film, any discussion begins and ends with Jack Nicholson. Shelley Duval is one of the most disturbing performances in the history of cinema? Maybe on purpose, to give Jack's personality more than a sudden reason? Danny Lloyd is not the best, but Jack is a force. Part method, improvisation part, he is simultaneously terrifying and attractive. For better or worse, it's the character we deal with, not the annoying child or the annoying wife. We all want to have our hotel for ourselves for a season, be able to do whatever we want. Who cares if he is haunted? Of course, the technical aspects are wonderful. Kubrick contributes long, alien angles and exotic images in horror. The use of colors, mirrors, long corridors and every other motif increases this. Do not make me start with this result. I do not know if the film would be half scary without this painful electronic tune. The hotel's atmosphere, mood and entire film reflect the strangeness. <br /> <br /> I know King does not like this movie, but King's input into the cinema is not something to boast about. As much as he may be a great writer, his scenarios are terrible, and it is best to leave his attempt at the output without being noticed. This is not a very sincere adaptation of books, but it does not need to be, nor should it be. Part of the horror film is that the viewer does not have the book to go back to; there is no reassuring source material. Kubrick changes the novel brilliantly to intimidate the public more. If that's the only reason, it's one of the most creative films of any kind. I have got everything else above it.
