The Shining begins with Jack Torrance (Jack Nicholson) driving to an isolated hotel called Overlook in the Colorado mountains for an interview with its director Stuart Ullman (Barry Nelson) to become the winter keeper. Ulman tells Jack that he will be responsible for the hotel's basic maintenance, but he will be almost completely isolated from the rest of the world for six months with the onset of the harsh winter. Along with his wife Wendy (Chile Duval) and his young son Danny (Danny Lloyd) Jack moves to the hotel and at first it seems that everything is fine, it is a beautiful hotel, quite huge and what they need. However, the Overlook Hotel has a mysterious past where a former guard killed his whole family before committing suicide and has the ability to "shine" which means he has psychological powers to see and hear "normal" things that people can not. As days, weeks and months begin to pass, Jack becomes more and more insane. Dani keeps "seeing" things and people as Wendy becomes frantic because she has no idea what happens to her family because the dense snowstorm leaves them trapped. Jack, > <br /> This English production was co-authored and produced and directed by Stanley Kubrick, a terrifying horror film. The Shining appears to be another film in two different versions and the film I will comment on is the shorter European film of less than two hours. Kubrick and Diane Johnson's scenario is based on Steven King's novel, which I did not read to compare, and speaks of self-horror instead of only one murder in the entire film. There are very few characters in The Shining with Jack and Wendy and Danny are the only characters that really interest you, since the film focuses on them almost almost caring for them, engaging with them and going through them. The pace is fairly slow but this one movie has not felt so long and keeps you interested all the time. On the downside, I do not think the reason behind Jack's madness and his desire to kill his family was strong enough to convince me, the fact that Jack escapes from the freezer without any explanation frustrates me and I do not know if I missed something but this end had no meaning to me at all , I'm still trying to figure out what's going on around that picture! There is very little way of violence or injustice, a couple of zombie zombies are corrupt and someone is killed with an ax but The Shining is a horror film that does not need to rely on blood and special effects because it contains a gripping story. With a budget of about $ 19,000,000 The Shining is technically flawless as you would expect from an obscure film director like Kubrick. The cinema is superb with some wonderful free and sleek shots, where the camera captures the effort of character around the labyrinth of passages, looks The collections are quite real and instead of the old homely features of cliches like dark corners, basements and spider webs, Kubrick brings things to elegance with brightly lit corridors, wide open spaces and modern decor (the well of the modern 80s, just check out the red toilet!). Good representation of all involved Although it is usual in horror movies, the little boy is very annoying and it seems that Nicholson is crazy from the start. The Shining is a fun movie I enjoyed watching though I'm not sure I'll see it again any time soon. For those who are looking for bangs and luxury special effects, they will be disappointed, for those looking for horror of a well-haunted house with a strong story, I think The Shining is right for you, worth watching in my humble opinion.
