Sometimes a film-maker like Kubrick is needed to bring this extra little thing, this unique, indisputable and elusive component that turns a great film or scenario into a masterpiece, an age. <br /> <br /> Stephen King's story contains not only enough meat and potatoes, which makes it hard for most young managers to miss. Heck, even the king himself was not so bad. This is how Kubrick looks at King's world, and how it converts the page to screen time, making both the visual feast and the compact painter pressed into the output. <br /> <br /> Kubrick's miss-en-scene is, as usual, awesome. The film progresses at a fast, sharp and vibrant pace, although it is not fast and is not much edited and continues to run in less than 160 minutes. The camera travels through the luxurious corridors of the Overlook Hotel, a kind of mysterious maze to explore, and linear tracking images reveal subtle interior designs in all its splendor. There is a similarity and geometrical approach to how Kubrick understands the space that reminds me a lot of how Japanese directors worked in the 1960s. As if what is depicted is unimportant to how all the different elements within the frame are balanced. <br /> <br /> Certain images certainly stand out. The first shot of a Jack typewriter, accompanied by the outside of the screen from ball clots, such as death drums coming from other floors or produced by the typewriter itself, as if it were a self-destructive instrument, later proved to be nothing less than that. A red river flows through the hotel elevators in slow motion. Jack hits the door with the ax, moves the camera with him, and follows the procedure as it happens instead of being fixed, as if the camera penetrates the door and not the ax. The very fast zoom in the face of the child pushed us into his head before we saw the two dead girls of Bove. And of course, the bathroom scene. <br /> <br /> Much has been said about Jack Nicholson's exaggerated exaggeration. His madness was not entirely successful, because he is Jack Nicholson. The guy seems half mad anyway. Crazy play turns it into an exaggerated caricature of itself. On the other hand, Shelley Duval is one of the most inspirational options Kubrick has ever received. Comes from a series of wonderful performances by Robert Altman in the 1970s (three women, like Nashville), bringing to her personality the right amount of fragility and emotional turmoil. A wonderful actress with little value.
