Shining, you know what is strange in this film? This is a movie that everyone will say, to people who claim they do not like horror movies, that The Shining is a wonderful movie. This is Stanley Kubrick's classic vision of Stephen King's horror story of insanity and blood. This is just an amazing film that has been withered or not seen, I've heard about it, you know some lines of it, and you know some classic pictures. Who can forget Jack "Here's Johnny!" Who can forget "all the work and play does not make Jack a dull boy"? Who can forget to end chilling? This is an unforgettable film and frankly in my opinion it is the best work for Cobrick. I know there's a lot of controversy in this section, many people say it's 2001: A Space Odyssey or Clockwork Orange or even Dr. Strangelove, but if this film is a pioneer in filmmaking, The Shining is perfect. This is the tale of loneliness, insanity, terrifying images, and the ultimate ghost story that will crawl under your skin. <br /> <br /> Jack Torrance and the son of Jack Dani and his wife Wendy arrived at Overlook Hotel on the closing day. The African-American chef, Dick Haloran, surprises Danny by talking to him remotely and offering some ice cream for him. He explains to Danny that he found him sharing the gift; they launched the "bright" communications. Danny asks if there is anything he fears in the hotel, especially Room 237. Dick tells Danny that the hotel has a certain "shine" and many memories, not all good, and advise him to stay out of Room 237 under all circumstances. Daniel's curiosity in room 237 finally makes an improvement when he sees that the room has been opened. Danny is injured and shocked after Jack Wendy tells that he loves his family. Seeing this, Wendy thinks that Jack has been exploited by Danny. Jack walks around the hotel's golden room where he meets a ghostly waiter named Lloyd. Danny begins to summon the word "redrum" feverishly, scrawling it on the walls. Go in a coma, and pull out. Now he says he is Tony, his "imaginary friend". Jack sabotaged the hotel radio and cut off communication from the outside world, but Haloran received a cry of Danny's thoughts asking for help on his way. Wendy discovers that Jack was writing endless pages of manuscripts repeating "All work and no play makes Jack boy" boring in different ways. She is threatened by Jack, who misses him unconsciously with a baseball bat, where he is locked in a storage cupboard in the kitchen. Jack talks to Grady through the door of the closet, then opens his release. Danny wrote "REDRUM" in the lipstick on Wendy's bedroom door. When you look into the mirror, you see it as a "murder" written backwards. Jack picks up a vase and begins to seal the door leading to the living quarters of his family. "Here's Johnny!" , The mythical Jack was born. <br /> <br /> The Shining is one of those movies that you have to spend time seriously to see, it's an incredible film and still gives me nightmares. The performance of Jack Nicholson is timeless and memorable. But among the other things I've overlooked are Shelley Duval, her look at finding Jack all the work ?? This is unbelievable, this form of horror and you can see that fear in her face after her husband's crazy grasp. Another incredible scene is when Jack sees a ghost woman in the bathtub, she is frankly one of the most horrifying scenes in horror cinema. The reason this film is well known is that it's an ideal film, it's on the Simpsons, and it's being shown in other movies, a movie that will stay with you forever when you see it, trust me. <br /> <br /> 10/10
