Well, well, maybe not the greatest. I mean, the Exorcist and the psychic and a few others are elusive, but Shining is the way there. However, they are by far the best Stephen King story that has been turned into a film. It's better than The Stand, better than the Sematary Pet, better than the Cujo, better than The Green Mile, better Dolores Claiborne, better than Stand By Me, and yes, it's better than Shoshank I do not care what IMDb says Top 250. <br /> <br /> I read that, two decades ago, Stanley Kubrick was arranging novels in his home in an attempt to find a film that would make a film Well, from the other room, his wife was hearing a bomb. The noise every half hour or so is throwing books against the wall in frustration. Finally, I did not hear any noise for about two hours, and when I went to check to see if he had died in his seat or something (I say so respectfully, of course), his grandmother focuses on the book that was in his hand and the book was shining. Thankfully too, he continued to turn this book into one of the best horror films ever made. <br /> <br /> Stephen King can be thankful for the complexity of the story, about a man who takes his wife and son to a remote hotel to oversee during the highly isolated winter, working on his writings. Jack Nicholson can be thankful for his lost performance, such as Jack Torrance (how many films Jack has seen in the place where Jack is played), and his flawless rendition of several famous lines now (Johnny Heeeeeere's Johnny !!). Shelley Duvall can be thanked for performing a performance that allows the public to communicate with Jack's wishes to kill her. Stanley Kubrick can be thanked for giving this excellent story a very special touch, and anyone who could have been thanked by the director of the director for exploring the horrific twins on the planet to play the role of the murdered girls. <br /> <br /> One of the most important aspects of this film, necessary for the story as a whole to have its most important impact, is isolation, presents flawlessly. The film begins with a long scene followed by Jacques driving to the old hotel to meet him for the interim acting post of winter. Soon followed by the same thing that follows Jack and his family driving the stormy mountain road to the hotel. The scene is mixed this time with footage of Jack, Wendy and Danny talking in the car, where Kubrick can sneak into a quick suggestion about the evils of television, while Wendy expresses concern about talking about cannibalism in front of Danny, who says it's okay because he has already seen it on The TV screen ("Look, it's fine, I've seen it on TV."). <br /> <br /> The hotel itself is the perfect place for a story like this to happen, and the bloody past was more frightening than the huge rooms, echo and long corridors. These rooms are constantly echoing the hotel's space, but it is the corridors that have already created most of the scarcity of this film, and the traditional trail shots of Cobrick give the corridors a thrilling three-dimensional feel. In the early part of the film, there is a famous tracking shot that follows Danny in a large circle as he walks around the halls on his large wheel (is this what they call these?), And his relative speed (in addition to the beatings he gives the wheels are moving back and forth from hard floors I think the best scene in the halls (plus one of the most terrifying movies in the movie) is when Danny plays on the floor and the ball rolls over to him He looks up and sees the long empty entrance, and because the ball is a child's game, it is mto The Shining is a scary film that is a curse. <br /> <br /> In addition to the rare quality of being a horror movie that does not suck, The Shining has a story He was always there, as Mr. Grady told him in the men's room, was he really in that ball in 1921, or was he just someone who looked exactly like him? If he was always his acting man, As Mr. Grady also said, does this mean that he was crazy and killed his wife and two twin daughters, not Mr. Grady, after all? It is one thing that the film leaves its loose ends that should have been linked, and this is just a modest film industry. For example, The Amityville Horror, which obviously copied much of The Shining as far as its theme, did this. But it's quite different when a film is presented in a way that really makes you think (as in most Kubrick movies). There is something else we can thank all about Stanley Kubrick, and we have to thank him for not throwing this book on the wall. That toss one may be a cinematic tragedy.
