This impressive film combines a piece of film horror, among all the great elements of intellectual excitement, and the great vision of the director who has the instinctive ability to accelerate the tantrums within the world of filmmaking genius that includes the original shot eye, cool soundtrack and a general sense of humanity. This film reviews all the classic horror films, such as red poker, through a human eye, because the viewer is not only allowed to feel the violence and psychics of the protagonist, but the seeds from which the noise is derived can be guessed. One of the most horrifying things people face is the unknown, and this film intrigues it with thinking about it. The setting is perfect, in a desolate winter hideaway. The calm of the moment is a figure in itself, because the ferocious aggressor in the mind of Jack Torrance glows at this idle time, and generates the new devil's playground. I have always felt that the existence of evil was full in our minds, and that only the circumstances of the moment, and the reasons contained therein, were necessary to prevent its violent backwardness and to attack its unaccounted victims. This film is an ideal example of this thought. <br /> <br /> It is a nice touch to this film on his canvas, clackity sets of a big boy wheel riding along the empty corridors of the hotel, the maze garden that represents the dividing line of mind between the sane and the crazy, and Kubrick's deliberately deliberate inconsistencies in editing, Continuity, and making the wrong arrangements, which we discovered a world guided by the good and the wise, but convinced them the strong and the unknown. I have never read the book on which the film is based, but without it as a comparison, I am proud to say that this is one of the most horrifying films I have ever seen. I thought the movie's running time could have been reduced a bit, but again, I'm not one of the most acclaimed directors in the history of the film, so maybe I should keep my two-year-old critique of more than the film, to myself. All in all, this film attracts your attention through its great form and vision, and supports you with some horror and eccentric direction, connects you and feeds you in the heart through its cold look of the mind of the man who went abroad, creeping the air and losing humanity. <br /> <br /> Rating: 9/10
