Anthony McGarton adapted his play, via satellite, and directed the best comedy film out of New Zealand for a long time. Creece Dan (Daniel Cormack) is a withdrawal school. She has not achieved much in her last years, and has been resentful of her family since her father's confession of death. Her twin sister, Carol (also portrayed by Daniel Cormack) enjoys the media spotlight because she represents New Zealand in swimming at the Olympic Games. A middle-aged, desperate and desperate midwife (Brian Sergeant) and his good-natured photographer - he also stands Krissy one night the night before - Paul (Carl Urban) is the finest moment of the Dan family; watching Carol swim until victory. This will not be so bad, but the Creece family is an embarrassing example. First of all, there is a matrix for Dennis Wellington and Dons, Joyce (Donna Akriston). They make fairy cakes and cocktail sausages for the most important film crew and refuse to change the way they work. Her eldest daughter Jane (Rima Ti Fiata) is desperate to be something more common. It has a beautiful house (with blackberry sorbet bedroom walls), expensive tastes and a bad parasite position for matching. She is approaching the age of forty and landing for a child. Her husband Kane (Tim Palm) is an electrician and imposes himself on jobs that do not need to be done ... as well as doing the work you need to do, ie Jane. The middle daughter, Lynn (Judy Dordy - who won the Best Supporting Actress Award at the New Zealand Film Awards for this picture) is a "lost" tart with a dubious history with Kane. The older sisters, the mother in the case of a bad Ken, like Tim Tim Taylor, and Carole feed her Olympic wish, realize that all this will be scattered on national television. Why do not you feel embarrassed? It's great to see some of New Zealand's best-known faces and perform in suburban comedy with clever lines to spare. I loved the sparring between Jane and Lynn. One is like a monali-biological-clock-shift-adult, and the other a narcissistic vagabond has what its sister wants - a cake in the oven. The climax of the film is very emotional and is done well. The presentations are fun and the film works perfectly. Great way to spend an hour and a half. <br /> <br />
