Lorna Green (Janine Reno) is a performance artist for wealthy intellectuals at a local club. She falls prey to her delusions where romantic promises turn into murders because they kill those who believe that sex is on the horizon. It is quite possible that someone (... the boss of a potential task pulling her strings like a puppet), through a form of hypnotic suggestion, directs Lorna to kill those who encounter them in isolated places when it appears that their love is about to begin. After committing the murders in her imaginations, Lorna woke up puzzled, often unaware of whether she had been indulged in her dreams. <br /> <br /> If someone asks me how to describe this particular work from Franco, I say it is elegant and difficult. Now, you may have read other users' comments full of what this movie is about, because much of it happens in a surreal atmosphere of the dream. Franco said in an interview that he was strongly influenced by Jodar at the beginning of his career, in terms of filmmaking, and decided to abandon a clear narrative structure in favor of trying to create a completely different kind of viewing experience. As you read from the reaction of user comments here .. Some like this decision, others find the method hard, boring, and puzzling. I will be the first to admit that the film has ended on my head, but even Franco himself, when asked critics who saw "Socobus," admitted that he did not even understand the film and took it out! Some might say that "Succubus" was just a preface to his most impressive work, "Venus in Furs," which his French-believing master considers to be also adopting a dreamlike surreal structure where the protagonist does not really know whether he is experiencing something real or imaginary. In a sense, like the protagonist, we are witnessing the same kind of confusion ... Certainly, "Succubus" is an unconventional cinematic industry where we do not give the keys to exactly what happens. A lot of elusive dialogue does not help. "Succubus" is also inhabited by beatnik types and "speech poet", Corman, "A Bucket of Blood". My favorite personal shows are disturbing at potential lesbian breaks between Lorna and a woman she meets at a lavish party. Quite a strange fantasy sequence where the models are used unusually. Great sites and jazz scores .. I loved this movie myself, although I can understand why it is receiving a negative reaction. I loved that one scene at Lorna's luxurious concert, a little drunk, twisting on the floor in a gorgeous evening dress while the others were attending shindig (... just as lost) running her in the arms of kisses.
