I did not watch all the films of Franco Franco, and I saw 5, I think, and there are more than 180 of them. So it may be a little early to say that but "Necronomicon Geträumte Sünden" (known as "Succubus", but this is the short version) is, in my opinion, not the best, certainly the best of Franco. Franco (although "well-known" may be somewhat exaggerated) for the film "Vampiros Lesbos", a strange cultural film that was further praised in the mid-1990s when people discovered that Jess Franco was an interesting author. Through the soundtrack, he discovered a little happy guy and discovered what was expected after watching the video of "Lion and the Option" ("Vampyros Lesbos OST"): Jess Franco is a landslide. When the phone rang during "Vampiros", it allowed him to ring. I just wanted to see more of the movie. From that moment on, Franco could not hold my grip so much. But then stumbled into this film. It's better than "Lesbos Vampiros", I guess. Franco is looking for what he can do with a story and a camera. We discover that he can do a lot. I certainly did not expect to find "Necronomicon" wonderful: its start did not impress me at all. Remember, I've seen "Lesbian Vampiros" before (although it came in time after only three years) and both films started in the beginning. But then, the story continued, puzzling and captivating, the work of a beautiful camera and things you would like to see Godard do if he is not busy publishing his political messages. Later in the film I heard a dialogue about art that was or was not old fashioned. The man says all the films must be old because it takes weeks before the audience can see what has been filmed. But the girl replies that "Bonwell and Fritz Lang and Goodard filmed tomorrow." Jeanine Reno is an exciting master actress, and of course Howard Vernon, a regular Franco, is also present. Fortunately, acting is good (something can spoil a lot of Franco movies for you, but not this). But definitely watch out for the doll scene. Thrilling tension, direct output and the fact that it is yesterday's film tomorrow, makes it a movie that many people should watch. The fact that it is a bit more accessible than Lesbos Vampiros is definitely.
