Police, Investigations, Murder, Doubt: We are all very familiar with their films. Most films now deal with the crime, which is believed to involve viewers, to provide them with an exciting atmosphere. However, most thrillers will instead focus on the latest movies of this kind and forget old movies. However, it happens that these people may be easily misled. The film, which is based entirely on suspicion, may be interesting now, although it is more than 20 years old ... It is GARDE A VUE, a unique film by Claude Miller. <br /> <br /> Are there many actions? Not really because the events shown in the film take place in a very short time. But the way they are done is to add a brilliant movie. Jerome Charles Martineau (Michel Serraul) is being investigated by Inspector Galian (Lino Ventura) and Insector Belmont (Guy Marchand). It's New Year's Eve, rainy rain and very inaccurate for such a meeting. However, after the rape and killing of two children, at the dawn of the old year, the door of doubt must be open at the end. In other words, (more quoted from the film), you must detect who is really wicked villain. To achieve this, one needs a lot of effort as well as a lot of feelings from both sides ... <br /> <br /> Some people criticize the program because it is too talkative. However, I would like to ask them: how should the investigation be if not a lot of questions, and in fact, a lot of talk. This tact touches the roots of this species. This is not boring in any way, but throughout the film, it makes you, as a viewer, an observer, a participant. In addition, the film contains well-made memories where the stories are told. Not many of them are not a few of them - just enough to make the whole story more clear and interesting. The most memorable memories of the past, to me, are when Shanthal (Martynaud's wife) Shantal (Romney Schneider) talks about one beautiful birthday ... but these last shots also contain scenes of places, including the infamous beach. All of this has helped me to keep up the right pace. As I watched GARDE A VUE, I always remember this film as one of the "defenders" of French cinema against the charges of chaos and chaos. <br /> <br /> But those aspects already mentioned may not necessarily appeal to many viewers because they may not like these movies and still can not find and implement the content. However, GARDE A VUE is also worth seeing for these people. why? For offers. But here do not expect me to praise Rumi Sneijder above all. GARDE A VUE No vehicle Romy Schneider. She does a wonderful job as a mother in a state of deep despair for a lost child. It depicts a calm, tangible person who does not reject a cup of tea, but does not want to play with words. Her part, which contains a profoundly new life and duty, is more impressive and credible than Elsa's overly depressing role in La Passeante de Sans SOUCI. Still acting. However, Romy Schneider does not have much time on the screen. In practice, they appear for the first time after 45 minutes of appropriations; she, as a wife and a different point of view, symbolically arrives by the new year, at midnight. Its role is purely support. Who really shakes is Ventura Ventura. He is the average life inspector Antoine Gallian who wants to know the truth, and realizes that his questions are "rockets" towards the other axes but he does not hesitate. He is an inspector, has been married three times, fully recognized by the woman's psyche. It is a person whose job is not considered a game but a real service. Finally, he is someone who does not find sitting there on New Year's Eve. Michel Serrault also does a good job of expressing fear, especially in the final scenes of the film. But excellent for Mr. Ventura. Wonderful! <br /> <br /> For memorable moments, this is not the type of film in which this aspect is easily analyzed. The whole film is memorable, it must be seen more than once and you must feel a jug, which I have not mentioned before, is a wonderful music. For me, the talk of Chantal and Inspector Gallien is the most impeccable moment. You're there with the letters, you'll experience mental states if you see what you see. <br /> <br /> GARDE A VUE is a very interesting movie and must be seen for fans of excitement and art experts. New Year turned and ... Is it now easy to open the door? You'll discover when you decide to watch Claude Miller's unforgettable film. 10/08
