We fans of Ed Wood tend to be a bunch in the first place, but this particular film has led me to the level of fans who have never been before! One of the most exciting thrills of non-mainstream representation of films - at least for me - is the fun of discovering mystery. I remember how, when I was a teenager, I was longing to see Eddie's "Revenge of the Dead" (like "Night of the Ghoul"), which at the time had been idolized for decades. Along the same lines, masterpieces of low-budget films such as "Duis and Schumann" by Doris Whitman or half of the works of Jesus Franco! However, recent years have seen videos and DVDs make these treasures that can not be solved are almost available for TOO - even for those of us on the "wrong" side of the Atlantic .... <br /> <br /> Then, there was a film "I woke up early the day I die" - a film that must be "great", but disappeared into the ether even before Fangoria printed the first rather lengthy article that first aroused my appetite. The nineties need a film that is hard to find, although it will really be worth the hunt: and this is definitely, certainly ... I do not particularly want to add a lot of comments to all those wonderful aspects of the film - its elegant crew, His wonderful moments of "pure cinema" (in the sense of French cinema in the 1920s) and surrealism, or even memorable soundtracks, are all eloquently described by other users here. <br /> <br /> What I would like to do is mention, in short, the pleasure I have also received from tracing some mysterious artifacts related to this almost lost but, thankfully, not quite the movie! I think the German video, which I took while in Cologne on a cold, crisp winter day, is well known to Ed Wood's followers now. It is also known that a promotional poster was issued for the film. However, there is more luck to be found! First, there are a number of reviews available from the German film version of the film - I have used many of these reviews in my translation classes in an attempt to "Woodify" my students .... Some of these reviews are positive reveries for the film's artistic and entertainment value - and the most exciting The interesting of all is that most critics put it directly in both American traditions and European traditions. Second, there is the Larry Group score, which can be obtained from the man himself - many of the tracks have a real emotional impact on the listener, especially if you are thinking of putting a "vault" for the film at the moment and growing a little blues at the same time. Finally - for now - I would like to mention Cinequanon's promotional soundtrack in very limited numbers. BEG, Borrow, STEAL, kill or do whatever it takes if you get a chance to get one of these !!!!!! It includes 14 songs from the film, including the song Eartha Kitt, and the song Darcy Clay "Jesus I Was Evil" (two of which are also available on CD from New Zealand, although this is another story!), Christina Ricci dances, as well as the amazing technique recorded by Minty and ZHV (the latter is the artistic band of Billy Z) ..... <br /> <br /> Be obsessed - let Ed Wood rule your life.
