The 1998 film was based on a script by the late Edward Wood, a screenplay that did not offer any dialogue in the tradition of films such as The Thief. Although many of Wood's works were low-budget entries crooked in the traditions of films of different genres, his first film, GLEN OR GLENDA, was a real insight into what was indistinguishable from primitive vanguard techniques. I awoke before my first day in representing the side of Ed Wood, the experimenter, although this movie is a comedy (nightmare comedy,!), While Wooden or Glenda took the subject of dressing seriously and was not There is room for comedy there. Since the first few seconds of this film, I have learned that I will move to a new film world, and I can not compare this world to anything else. Technical aspect of the film - production design, sound design, music recording, photography, etc. - is a leader in any number of levels. In particular, although the film does not contain "dialogue", there is a voice of all kinds and also "language", but you have to see how it is done yourself, where intelligence and surprise provide a level of excitement all the time. The Glen or Glenda-esque technology of adjacent widths for the effects of the surreal is well in the film and kept to a minimum. The entire film is shown at the Hysterical Fever Stadium, and Billy Zan performs an amazing performance in the Power Race, showing what a wonderful physical comedian and actor is. In a fair world, he has been awarded some awards for this performance. It looks like Ed Wood, and as Zane played this character at different times, languid, tragic, sympathetic, and anonymous (sometimes synchronized !!!). It is a shame that this film has been in legal trouble and has never received a play or video in North America, and has played only a few festivals. At present, only the video is available in Germany (in fact, my version of the German source - extracts from the Wood script that appears on the screen from time to time are translated into German, although the headlines (large low budget technique is used to give The elements of the plot, especially those that would be too expensive to portray, are through newspaper headlines in the tradition of wood (which Zan sees in English). I think that this film could have been verbal if it had been shown in the middle of the night in some big cities with some careful promotion. If you play outside the city by slowing down the city on the movie theater, it could have been good. In fact, if it is possible to solve legal problems, I would suggest that the film should be given a theatrical version, especially the midnight "cult" version. This classic is waiting to be discovered. <br /> <br /> Did you "understand" every scene? No, but I "felt" every scene emotionally. Does everything "work" in the film? Maybe not. I saw it only twice, and the first time I saw it was interrupted several times. However, with all the assembly line scraps that play the multiples with so many "alternative" movies that reject an idol or pretend to be about shooting the video, we need a real Hollywood-made experience like this. Bob Dylan's latest film "Masked and Uncovered" had similar opportunities, like Stephen Soderberg did "FULL FRONTAL". This film can find a much larger audience than either. If you're reading this review a few years from now, and the idea of ​​this movie looks interesting, check out whether it's been shown on the video. You will not be bored. Invite some friends ... Make it a party. Play amazing sound aloud. I have a feeling that wherever he is in the afterlife, Ed Wood is happy with this film and feels that his unique vision has been justified and fairly validated by making this film. Perhaps Wood also laughs, just as he always seemed to get bad breaks in life, the film was filmed in honor of his death in lawsuits and sitting in the country he made.
