Well, I knew this movie because there was a friend of mine in. I actually visited the group when they were filming, so from a personal point of view, I was fascinated to watch this mysterious little gem finally. If you've ever dug up information about this movie, you'll find it bogged down in legal problems (even after more than 7 years of filming). If you're exactly like me, you'll do whatever it takes to get a copy. My Source? EBay. About $ 15, but I was upset that when I got in the mail today, it was a very rough version and full of "SCREENER ONLY", complete with the annoying mini-time code but unfortunately I still can enjoy it but not as if I had the right version, You'll get it if you want the full effect this movie may or may not have on you. Of what was collected, was released on DVD in Germany and Spain now. However, good luck and happy search / bidding ...;). The result / sndtrk is worth it alone. Highly selective and diverse (somethinbg rare nowadays IMHO in the film) - I think it would be sndtrk / my next score to determine, but I digress ... <br /> <br /> Now, on the review. The film begins as Billy Zane's character injects a nurse into the mental wing that appears to be holding her. He steals her clothes (even shoes) and moves quickly to a series of bank banks / loans but after escaping with the stolen, well, I think this is where the "plot" starts - inadvertently losing it. After committing many crimes and decorations in the camp on various celebrities list A to C to locate money, he found himself somehow in a cemetery where a funeral - I think the dead man shoots him in the bank / bank, and - even with the appearance of police cars and police In the 1950s he searched for him steadily - he was not seen or arrested. (See daily newspapers publish his "crimes") I liked this, because he gave the slave extension. After all, it's a film (see: Fiction) and director Iris Eliopoulos does what I think is all possible for 1) make Wood's vision come to fruition and 2) give it an updated sensation. However, the pictures of the original 50 police cars intersect, ah, LA. $ 99 local stores - well, hence my rating 9. If the period and props are original - you will give it 10. Now wrap it yourself as a stranger and will not spoil it for anyone but let's just say that the final finish is a little disappointing for me, Motion and comedy - all to the end, so ... with all that has been said - select a site according to your own judgment. <br /> <br /> Just realize that, as there is no dialogue (except for some narrative and singing) this may be high - maybe not - but I definitely think it's worth watching. All the actors are performing well and it is just asymmetrical in cutting off the right period that made me crave this correction - and then I say by all accounts that I'm checking out this film because it's not like anything these studios have shown these days (or will in the future, too) I'm sure.
