To finally see what many consider the greatest film of women prisoners of all time, I felt I had accomplished something as absurd as it seemed. Oh boy, it certainly contains the elements you expected, and delivered much more. One of the fixed things I discover in these films is the hardness and size of actresses in the roles of prisoners preparing to escape while their thresholds, tolerance and determination (not to mention sanity) are tested by their superiors. While most of them were appointed in the way they look naked, because the nature of nature requires such unexplained elements, something else emerges, and other features, such as posture and courage, which I finally answered. <br /> <br /> This, as you well know, was the first appearance of Demme to his mentor Roger Kurman, which provides the target audience exactly what they want with his own character setting on the proceedings. For example, there are strange dreams that have some characters that determine their current psychological states (a certain number includes Barbara Steele where she reminded me of Alex de Large of A Clockwork Orange). <br /> <br /> The film contains inmates planning for a daring escape, tired of the crazy alien from the wheelchair-bound prison officer, and her indecent prison document, Randolph (Warren Miller). Juanita Brown is Maggie, a tough and grieving sister who is fed up with the environment and will do her best to get out. She is the girl all the girls fear. Erica Gavin is Jacqueline Wilson, the latest prisoner beaten by police and sentenced to death for a policeman, unwilling to give up the names of those she was involved with. Roberta Collins is Belle, a courteous series, best friends with Pandora (Ela Reid). Bill's obsession with Randolph, who is supervisor McQueen (Steele), is that through surgery he can remove her violent tendencies. When anesthetized, Randolph picks up nude pictures and changes them. She looks like a little girl because of her mental limitations while hugging her naked body in his arms. Cheryl Rainbow Smith, is a Lavelle, who is in life imprisonment for killing a loved one who was a relative of Sinatra. Laviel has a job at Randolph's office, which is responsible for linking his filthy pies to Pandora. Demi builds the film effectively until the expected end as a planned plan, using the traumas behind the various trauma inflicted on the prisoners, with the shooting. <br /> <br /> I was very impressed with his long-standing photographic work, collaborating with Demme, cinematographer Tak Fujimoto, because he is capable of setting some visible moments within the narrow confines of prison, cellars and rooms, not an easy task. The prison is appropriately adequate and the girls, despite their very attractiveness, look to some of the desperate waitresses, eager for the breath of their souls, to escape this terrible trap. Steele is as wonderful as she is threatened, understands how to take the role near the edge of the abyss without going away, and frankly able to express the frenzy of her repressed personality within restraint .. Notice how her glasses work and stabilize themselves without blowing them especially when there are certain behaviors achieved She had to push her on the edge of the foot. Cale's incredible result is incredibly frustrating, while also receiving a peek at the audience that the movie is still fun and games .. I think the result of Cale reflects the way Demme treated the material. The Cale and Demme partnership is an unusual alliance that presents the place as a sad, isolated and repressive place, and at the same time, displays a humorous tone punctuated by colorful characters thanks to team personalities. My favorite scene takes place outside the prison, where two girls (together with one-third) have broken into a bank robbery already underway ... the aim is that the bank was planning to steal! As you might expect, you get naked women in showers, solitary confinement prisoners, cats fighting, shooting, escape attempts that run out, and other exploitative elements ... .. such as a shocking shock treatment session, From Belle). It is interesting that Demme connects the film to the audience without excuses, and understands the type of film he was making exactly.
