The debut of Jonathan Demi in directing Roger Kurman exploits the legendary costume of New World Pictures as one of the best classic in 70 chind-in-class grindhouse classics to the cellulose grace. The Beatrice Ross Meyer band starring Erik ("Alaslaba" and "Beyond the Valley of the Dolls") Gavin performs a strong performance winning as a new thin skinny and flexible doing her best to persevere in the prison of Kas Gehenmi. The brilliant Barbara Steele always presents a deliciously sinister image as the frustrated, sexually frustrated mediator (her exciting dream of doing a steamy slow act of steam in front of Mrs. Hu's real ladies). "The Arousers" and "Unholy Rollers," the favorite of a long film from the 1970s, play a bright and lovingly wonderful and forward-looking role, a polite criminal filled with a mouth that tells a dirty joke about the gut around Pinnochio. Linda Gold (like Tina Hooper's "Eateen Alive" and Ruby's Curtis Harrington) makes her first animated film, Wildcat Crazy Alice. Cheryl "Rainbow" Smith, a beloved, always plays an admirable role in her innocent and terrifying role in "Limora: The Story of a Supernatural Child." <br /> <br /> Although this image offers the expected amount of coarse language, nudity, rape and violence, it is in no way a barren and sterile piece of reckless filth; the film effectively explores the many ways in which men exploit women And strongly affirms the pro-feminist idea that women can overcome any obstacles if they join together in a group so that they can face their harassment and hatred of women bravely as a powerful fighting force. Demme's close and enthusiastic approach is characterized by a wealth of beautifully observed occasional details and interesting moments of strange human behavior. In addition, both the vibrant Tak Fujimoto and John Cal's exotic blues ratings are 100% of the premium money. Patrick Wright (Sheriff Mac in a creature wearing a horrible rubber monster suit, which heals "Track of the Moonbeast") has a side side like a jerky cop who stole his car by three fugitives when he stopped at a gas station to use the bathroom. Caged Heat is very lively, exciting and fun, and it is a very necessary sight for movie lovers in the 1970s.
