It was the premise of this film that focused on polarizing ideologies in the United States. This was a highly combustible scenario in America where two different cultures collided. What justifies such miserable deeds anyway? As this film shows the scene, (while drinking Hickock and Smith) these two men were not drunk, and were not under any kind of drug effect !! It was a clear state of cold and deliberate deliberation. Basically, these violent acts were the end result of emotional and social neglect ... At any time in 1975, we as a nation sponsored sympathy for deviations that were victimized by the environment ... , This incident happens in 1959! This terrible revelation has surrounded us, and the nation is plunged into a tails of conflicting morality !! With the latest release of "Capote" based on Truman Capote, who made the documentary "In Cold Blood," the American people planted a new magic found with this movie !! Robert Blake played the role of Perry Smith, one of the villains in this film ... this seems appropriate given the fame he shared in his personal life !! "Cold blood" focuses on an unjustified element ... there was no revenge, there was no material gain, and there was no possibility of social progress here either, this is just a latent situation and the anger of the war that ends certainly did not justify the means !! The situational positions expressed by Hickock and Smith were always vague !! Under these circumstances, why should they take away their frustration with the innocent and unsuspecting family of Kansas? .. Will play Geer (Grandpa Walton) Attorney of the prosecution who was affected by this terrible behavior !! His argument is quite convincing ... His claim is: "These two men who have not shown mercy are asking you now." This is the line of reasoning that would motivate me to convict myself if I were to be one of the jury members !! The absolute disdain for your perilous trial in life does not serve as evidence of the organization of the crime of execution !! It was Cabot's instincts that imposed such a distorted act of violence should have caught the attention of the American people !! As it turned out, it was a harbinger of things to come .. "cold blooded" did it !! This incident was quiet before the storm related to a related aspect of the emergence of the radical 1960s !! This deadly fatalism is also an insight into the isolated interests that will besiege many ordinary Americans for the future !!! <br /> <br /> Truman Cabot has done a tremendous job in endorsing this brutal incident with his book (The Bestseller), with this documentary as well ... The film was represented by Robert Blake and Scott Wilson, as well as people Like John Forsyth, incredible !! Richard Brooks ("Cat on a Hot Tin Roof", "Blackboard Jungle", "Elmer Gantry" and "Key Largo" to name but a few!) Are wonderful in his collaborative efforts in this film !! I think the movie "Cold Blood" is one of the best movies in the history of movies !! The film portrays two painful oases of corruption that have turned into emotional plays and ended up satisfying a vulgar satire because they are recognized at the national level! .... This film highlights the psychological discontent that spurs the biography of emerging counter-culture funding of violence !! The ideologies of our nation are now incredibly different from what it was in 1959 !! This film introduces the American people to the emotional and wobbly culprit who began such a risky transformation in our public values ​​system! I recommend everyone to watch this movie ... "In Cold Blood" was the focal point in "Capote"! Think about it, make a film about a movie that represents a rare and sought-after Hollywood award !! In the case of "cold blood", this is a great example of a film that is rich, mentally uplifting, and, of course, it goes without saying, "In cold blood" was absolutely wonderful, and it is absolutely wonderful film !!
