One of the top ten films of the 20th century. In Cold Blood is fascinating in the simplicity and factual storytelling of her, and the installation is great. <br /> <br /> Robert Blake walks with the movie. It seems that the story is almost entirely presented from the point of view of Perry, although Dick is the leader and planner of the pair. The viewer will consistently see that Dick is unstable and immature, and generally feels that Perry will not have been pulled into this nightmare, but for you and his need to be someone and score big points. <br /> <br /> Based on a true story with particular attention to accuracy, In Cold Blood depicts the story behind the senseless, senseless murder of a rural family in Kansas on a cold, windy night, because Dick has bought a long-standing rural legend About the existence of prosperous and secure farmers full of money in their home. As a "prosecutor" (a character not named in the script), played by Will Geer, which aptly suggests, their lives are bought for only $ 10 per person. The director Richard Brooks has wisely chosen not to share the horrific details of the murders until the end of the film. Before that we know only that he has happened and watch the life of Dick and Perry slowly disintegrate as they try to escape not only his arrest by law enforcement but also Perry's ever-growing sense of imminent perdition. . He has repeatedly made statements: "No one ever gets away with something like that," and "I can not think we left anything to ourselves." Dick is not mature and immoral enough to feel any strong sense of guilt about their crime, but Perry's anger. In fact, after being arrested, the Dick is the one who breaks down first, and suddenly afraid when he finally faces irrefutable proof puts the two men in the place of the crime. I felt very sorry for Peri since the beginning of the film, and more with the progress of events, but I just hated the dick. <br /> <br /> Genius of the movie is the attractive way the story is played. We do not believe for a moment that we are watching actors portraying characters, but we watch participants and actual events as they happen. The story is relentless, ironic, runtime is just over two hours, and it seems like a few minutes. <br /> <br /> For those of you who are interested in such things, I noticed a few "lapses" listed here on the IMDb page for In Cold Blood incorrect or exaggerated. Such as the shot of the "inverse" operation, at the beginning of the film, where Dick and Perry lead the bridge to Kansas. First of all, this is not just a practical shot, the camera is already placed in the back seat and the picture you see outside the windshield is real. A large cargo truck on the left side of the Pontiac Dix creates a visual illusion that they are retreating because they are going at a greater rate of speed, but a thorough examination will reveal that they are already moving forward and that they have already been photographed from a moving vehicle. <br /> <br /> As I mentioned earlier, this is one of the top ten works of 20th century cinema, not recommended for very young due to some of the language of the course and the implied and inflicting violence (there is nothing real in your face as a modern film will turn to) , But it is a perfectly excellent film.
