The story of the actual crime at the heart of In Cold Blood may seem a little 'tame' to those who are introduced into classic serial killer stories (Gein, Bundy, and Dahmer), or just the most famous cases in Hollywood (OJ, Manson). The main facts in the case are not striking: Perry Smith and Dick Hickock (playing here Robert Blake and Scott Wilson respectively) met with luck, conspired to steal a safe farmhouse in Kansas, and after the murder a family of four with a gun and a dagger came Away with $ 43. Regardless of their return to the United States after a brief flight to Mexico, there is little ambiguity in the resolution as well. They were caught by some strokes of the irony (followed by a policeman and arrested for possessing a stolen car after Smith and Hickock helped a boy and his old man collect bottles for change) and were sentenced to hang up to the neck. The story ended in 1965. <br /> <br /> But it deals with the story, moments of hustle and bustle, a pure cinematic touch provided by Brooks and its stunning (late / great) widescreen widescreen black and white story-telling style that feels real Go into lots of nature or lots of melodrama (except perhaps near the end, a perfect pitch). The atmosphere of tragedy dwells on the story, not because of the murders themselves, no matter how brutal they are, like the "third" man, as the narrator observes, by Smith and Hickock as a team, but because of the inevitability of the story. Feel somehow for these criminals, who will have traditional characters or something from movie B. These are not good people, but they are not necessarily monsters either, at least all the way. <br /> <br /> It is also an excellent "road movie" where we see Smith and Hickock on the way down to the Clutter residence (the actual night scene of the crime that occurred late in the film), then to Mexico, then back to America towards Las vigas. We get to these two characters, perhaps more than the police officers who did not initially have threads and then finally got a break with a guest. In fact, it is worrying that we approach these two types (closer to the non-distinctive quality of Malick's Badlands), which is also a sign of audacity for this period. There is no sermon, such as "He did this because of this and this or that." We see how Smith had an abusive father, but Smith loved him and hated him. There is great complexity for the film, and perhaps too much for Capote's book (which I must admit, I still have not read it yet, although I plan). We see that Hickcock is this creature of brilliant confidence (ie getting a suit and other things with bad checks), but without any deep-rooted explanation for it all. <br /> <br /> The series of fatalism in In Cold Blood is one of the sixties, and fortunately Brooks has to have his stars like Blake in his best performance among POPs (this and Lost Highway, oddly enough given the The story of his real life in recent years, his essence cut off from work), and Wilson's penetration before becoming a personal actor. While they are surrounded by good supporting work, they themselves are absorbed in a frightening way, leading more or less of greed and delusions to escape with the treasure, and remain largely in their position during the death penalty to the end. Is this morale of the story, if there is a story, that it is more terrifying face the possibility of classifying those who are killed, of good versus evil? Smith apologizes for his crime before commenting, and points out, "But who?" This is a story that will give the most hardcore fans the real crime of Bonavide Chills, probably the best American film of 1967.
