Criminals Perry Smith and Richard "Dick" Hickock believe that Mr. Clotter of Holcombe, Kansas keeps a large amount of money in a safe closet. On 15 November 1959 at 2 am, they ended up killing Mr. and Mrs. Clotter, the son and the teenage daughter. After a police investigation, the two men were found and sentenced to death. In Cold Blood (1967), directed by Richard Brooks.Now, I did not read Truman Cabot's version of this film, so I can not make any comparisons. The film is a great work on the horrific events that have already occurred. Robert Blake is as excellent as Perry. Of course, Blake had his own murder case a few years ago, where he was accused of killing his wife. It's free now, but we still do not know the truth. Whatever the case, it remains a very impressive representative. Scott Wilson does a great job like Hickock. John Forsett is as wonderful as Alvin Dewey. Paul Stuart is very good like Jensen.Jeff Corey is as wonderful as Mr. Hickock.Same something with Charles McGraw who plays Tex Smith. John McClum depicts Herbert Clotter, Ruth Story is his wife Bonnie, Brenda Corinne is the daughter Nancy and Paul Hough is the son of Kenyon. Great job for both. There is a lot to remember from this film. From the lighter side. It's great when Perry wants to go look for gold in Mexico and say to Hickock: Remember Bogart in the Sierra Madre treasure? "Blake was himself in this film as a boy! It is an enjoyable moment when, as they ride that boy and his grandson, they collect the bottles and turn them back to recover the money. Perry goes to kill the girl, Nancy finally, and say "Oh, please, no" ... the man's brutality, impossible to explain.Then the scene is outstanding.For the first time there goes Hickock then Perry, first talk to the Minister.In the last picture of the film, We see Perry reach to the end of the rope.Of course, you may try books and sympathy with these bad guys She is a person who can feel sorry for him, his mother, and his father who hates, but he still loves, but he does not change the fact that both men portray these killers as killers and savages, they do not feel sorry for anyone. How can these people sympathize?
