As I matured, my charm with the Oscars evolved from intense attention to casual entertainment. As with some other comments written, the strange results of the Oscars vote are often difficult to explain. The elimination of "In Cold Blood" in 1967 as one of the top five photo candidates is one of those inexplicable situations, especially when one of the nominations went that year to "Dr. Dolittle". While the thinner or masochist would only be involved in the Rex Harrison disaster, Richard Brock's powerful novel of the non-fiction novel Truman Capotes maintains its ability to attract the spectator's attention and leave it completely drained by final fading. Although there is nothing graphic or particularly grotesque on the screen, the film is certainly adult material. Based on a multiple murder in Nebraska in the 1950s and filmed at the actual sites where the killings took place, "In Cold Blood" was filmed by the leading filmmaker Conrad Hall in blatant white and black, and his screen-based works ask to see their photos Right. Wide aspect ratio. Along with the disturbing Quincy Jones score, Hall's work should have been attributed to the highest level with the Brock scenario as the three pillars designed by this extreme classic. The offers are okay as well. Scott Wilson is all the cool charms and Robert Blake is a severe introvert as the killers. (There is an inner joke at one point when Blake talks about Bogart and the Sierra Madre Treasure while driving the duo to Mexico.) As a child star, Blake sold the lottery ticket to Bogart in this John Huston movie.) The film, like the book, Against the death penalty, although the permeability of murderers denies this feeling somewhat though the final scenes are difficult to watch. Some criticized the film for focusing on criminals, their backgrounds, and their lives, while the Chaos family, literally murdered in cold blood in the middle of the night, became one-dimensional figures of little importance. This lack of balance comes from the book, where Cabot spent a lot of time with the killers while they were on death row. It seems that the family of chaos has not been discussed in the same depth. However, no matter what feelings one may feel or against the death penalty, "In Cold Blood" will make you overwhelmed by conflicting ideas. Make a double bill with "Dead Man Walking" and you may not talk for days.
