In 2006, "In Cold Blood," a thrilling 1967 film, has two interesting new contexts. First, and most disturbing, is the fact that the star, Robert Blake, was recently tried for murdering his wife. Second, the Oscar-winning film "Capote" recently featured a mixed story of the author of Truman Cabot's Tale of Crime. These two new films make the film in time for a modern audience. <br /> <br /> As an independent film of his time, Cold Blood is one of the best ever. Most notably the stunning black-and-white cinema of Conrad Hall (later for "American Beauty" and "The Road to Destruction"). A lot of footage can be sold from this Kansas City home movie at night or rural roads lined with trees and good art photography. Along with the Brooks cracking trend and the wonderful editing of the early scenes (where we see the innocent daily life of an innocent family about to be slaughtered in a beautifully intertwined way with the layout of the hapless assassins), it creates the way to discourage the thrill (even when everyone knows how this will end because The fact that everything depends on the events of real life). It is also wonderful to see in this day and age how the horrifying scene of murder is displayed brilliantly where the graphic nature of the act is transferred to the viewer primarily with a drop of blood on the screen. <br /> <br /> The film is well based on the strange performance of Robert Blake as the most sympathetic side of it with no brutality of bipolarism. The flashback scenes of his horrible childhood are very good. Then there is a scene at the end of the film where he speaks to the distinguished before sending him to the gallows and he "confesses" the latter to happen. It is one of the moments of classical cinema that represents an ideal marriage of bold representation, brilliant writing and a free-of-photography trend. I challenge you to erase from your perspective the glaring picture of the reflection of the rain from the window flowing under the pale face of Robert Blake instead of the actual tears. <br /> <br /> The only thing that hinders "cold blood" is slow motion in the middle of the action where killers are at stake and the coercive nature of social commentary in the end. The political message dealt with on the death penalty is secondary to its convincing portrayal of conscripts and their prey.
