Although released in 1967, COLD BLOOD remains the standard by which all real crime films are matched. Veteran writer / director Richard Brooks (ELMER GANTRY) adapted the unimaginative book of Truman Cabot into a frightening drama that continues to be a disturbing force to this day, thirty-five years later. <br /> <br /> Robert Blake and Scott Wilson filmed Perry Smith and Dick Hickock, two former negatives, on information from the old cellmate in Flock Wells, stormed Holcombe, Herbert Clotter's home in Kansas, Kansas, looking for a safe closet containing At $ 10,000. But no safety was found at all. Instead, the two men ended up killing Mr. Clotter, his wife and their two children. He escaped only through a radio, a pair of binoculars, and forty dollars. Two months in a row, including an aimless "holiday" in northern Mexico, ended in Las Vegas when police officers caught them in a stolen car. But in the end, after harsh interrogation by law enforcement officials in Kansas, these two men committed the heinous crime at Holcombe. After being tried and convicted on four counts of murder, they cooked food in prison for five years of appeals and exile until the two were hanged to death on April 14, 1965. Blake and Smith are absolutely appalled by the honest killers who have no remorse for What they did, but they are worried about falling. John Forsyth played a good role as Alvin Dewey, the chief investigator investigating the crime, and Gerald S. Ogluen as his assistant. In a loyal tactic of Capote and a good art gambler everywhere, Brooks does not show the killings at first; instead, the two killers turn to the mess house when the last light goes out, then the next morning and the horrific discovery of the bodies. Just while riding to Kansas, when Blake is questioned by Forsyth and tells the story, do you see the real horror of what happened that night. We do not see a lot of blood leaking in these scenes, but we do not need to. Gunshots and the terrible look on Clothers' faces because they know they are about to die are more than just a nuisance, so there is no need to resort to the bloody violence in the film. <br /> <br /> Brookes was brilliantly filmed in COLD BLOOD in brilliant white and black, and the results were excellent thanks to Conrad Hall's experience. The amazing jazz result by Quincy Jones is the winner. The end result is one of the most disturbing films of any kind, which destroys its low style. It's a 134-minute study of a crime that shook an entire nation, but an entire nation, and you should see, although the viewer's estimate is advised; the R rating is there for some reason.
