For anyone with moderate sensitivity, a mild sense of humanity and humanity, for anyone who is able to beat the likes of Hollywood, anyone who is happy to see a movie that does not contain a series of Seagals / Willis / Van Dammes attacks the minds of anyone or sees who sleeps with Anyone who reaches his intellectual level to the ability to understand, sympathize, understand and laugh with tears with natural companions hilarious, heart-pleasing human, Le Leuitième Jour. is yours. Jaco van Dormael did not achieve just a masterpiece, which could have been simplified; he achieved one of those rare and rare works of art in the world of cinema that defies any kind of packaging. Is it a drama? Is it a comedy? No: It's the story of George, a funny and funny character and a love of a beautiful, scared personality, suffering from Downs syndrome. It is a story in which you have laughed your tears, but this is not one of those defeated with classic tears; this movie moves into a world that blends you with your feelings of sympathy, compassion or even shame with admiration, warmth and even love. A successful banker, Harry, George attacked: they were going in opposite directions with completely conflicting ideas, problems and priorities; Van Dormail skillfully melts these two unlikely men in intimate friendship, but this is much more than the friendship of good friends with those who have beer on the way. This is the relationship that develops into a profound need by each other. The scenes of cuasi-surrealist fit perfectly: George remembers (or invents) previous scenes of his life during sleep or sleep; even the semi-imaginary final scene is absolutely true. The only scene that can be considered a bit out of place is when they steal a bus and they leave the galleries. However, this does not detract from everyone. This movie is a memorial. Even if your French is not a lot, please see it with subtitles. "Le Huitième Jour" well worth the effort. As for anything else, okay, just read the following comments? I go with them all. This film is delightful, it is majestic, it is unique. If you've seen Rain Man, which I consider an excellent film, you should see this film: It is very superior because it does not contain the surface cortex of the world-famous actors in Hollywood; it has Pa Duquenne and Daniel Auteuil? Ten Oscars for those two, and three for Jaco van Dormel. who cares????????? Yes: 11 out of 10 if the IMDb rating does not collapse under pressure. <br /> <br /> Magnifique! Lightning!
