This film is known for its many qualities: the script for reading and writing, for once in the religious film industry in part, for Philip Dunn, some very good performances, first-class production in each section and its intelligent direction by veteran Henry King. If someone makes a film, get talent like Leon Shamrui like the cinematographer, Lil Wheeler as an artistic director and Alfred Newman as an original composer who ensures high quality production. Add actors to the film, including Gregory Beck and Susan Hayward as title figures, James Robertson Justice, Raymond Massey, Cameron Moore, Jane Meadows, and John Sutton, as well as a dance by Gwynne Verdon. Expectations may be raised about the possibility of producing the resulting film turned into something special . But in the text of the subject of the Bible, usually a subtype is susceptible to illogical motives and miraculous interventions, everything ultimately depends on the author's skills. Philip Don has provided humans here, a rare achievement in biblical films. David is a man in this film, multifaceted, not someone who performs mythical works on paper in the Old Testament. Gregory Beck makes him curious, emotional, self-controlled, self-deprecating and attractive. As a grassroots, Hayward is rarely the ideal choice but conveys a great deal of sound coherence and emotional life that helps one to know why the king of Israel risks it so much. The rest of the cast is sturdy and able to rotate. The story of the familiar story gives them little work, but Dunne and the cast do as much as possible human circumstances. David's youth were told in the flashback. How he was chosen by the prophet of the Lord to be king of Israel, and earns his way to second place after the king, Saul, by defeating the Viennese goliath in battle when everyone feared that they would fly the mighty warrior. Afterward, he was finally expelled from the court of King Saul in Israel and becomes a famous warrior. He returns to claim the kingdom and becomes the instrument of death of Jonathan, son of the king, a friend in the past. The film actually opens with a successful attack, but his life is empty because his wife Michal, Jane Meadows, is Saul's daughter and cold. He turns to Bathsheba, whom he sees from the roof of the palace, and he ducks in disgrace. Later she admitted she was hoping to see her. But she has an Oria pair. When she becomes pregnant, it becomes necessary for her to come from the battlefield and spend time at home; instead, he asked David to put him at the forefront of the battle, even after being raised by Verdon. David agrees. Killed, war hero; but this does not solve the issue of infidelity. The drought comes to Israel, and the king's betrayal is blamed. Finally, David puts his hands on the ark of the covenant, which was recently brought to Jerusalem and housed in a temple, causing the death of others who called him by mistake, and calling his God to punish him - and nothing happened ... David comes out of the temple and finds that the rain has arrived To his dry land. This film is always enjoyable, and varied in kinds of physical and physical scenes. The director and author of the Observer Principle, and more frankly more successful in the humanization of characters than almost any film outside the Greek Canon, the Near East, make the achievement a little easier because miraculous or religious themes have not been a major focus of these adventures. . He remembers this exciting effort to study repeatedly for his glowing realization, good performance, and intelligent dialogue.
