I was not a fan of fire from the first person I was very reluctant to play this game. After I played the demo but it was sold to me. "Undying" is really capable of being attracted to the game and being part of the universe in which your personality is present. You have this green mascot, called "Gel'ziabar Stone" which has special powers and warns you of certain events or objects you desire. Looking at. With a special mantra "Screeching", you can see some things that will be invisible to you. When walking in a hallway, you suddenly hear the magic stone whispering: "Look", with a glowing stone for example a painting. Then using a scrye mantra, you can see some strange and creepy things on the board. Let me tell you to witness something as scary as hell. People who expect to finish this game in a few hours can forget it even with cheating. This game relies on personality using intelligence and walking carefully. Because as in any horror movie, the environment around you is usually dark. The ghosts and the monster appear randomly when you do not expect them and they can kill you quickly. There is one scene where you want to enter a room where you are pushed so hard that it takes moments to realize what happened. This was a scene that could come directly from the classic horror film "Evil Dead"! To experience something like this is a real achievement. There are many elements that bring "Undying" to the level of the best classic horror films ever produced. But unfortunately I have to report the existence of some flaws. For one reason the universe you play is huge. Start in a large palace with all kinds of hidden and secret rooms and even after the hidden hell called "Oneiros". That's all right at first. But with all the load times and some hard enemies among it can become frustrating. There is no map. The game requires you to save your surroundings. Therefore patience is required. Also there are some jumping puzzles you have to do otherwise you can not progress. Do not mind jumping on platforms in the adventures of a third person. But in the first person setting it can be an annoying task. Luckily you can save anytime and anywhere. Trust me you will need it. Generally "Undying" is the first person to shoot exceptionally worthy of playing any of the horror or game fan.
