My scalp still smells like the burning coal on it when I swear I love this movie. Bring on charcoal. I'll walk on it to say again that I love "Bend It Like Beckham". Granted, there is a lot of "though" in this recognition. It's the best film of the week; a script is on the paint side by numbers. More disturbing is that the director's commentary indicates that the beauty in this film can be found mainly between the whiteness of the skin. <br /> <br /> The genius of the film is not evident in the eye Syd-Doctored Doctor: Personal arcs, themes, construction. In both the surface and what lies in depth, but not in the technical surface layers that reviewers seem to serve most often. Women's strong, semi-clad women are sometimes not only showable, but the foolishness of football does a better job of embodying women's power and agility than Balaragoft or Zhang Zhi. These are real bodies (except Keira Knightley). Her job is not to look fantastic first and then to lift the ass back later. They are working bodies, their beauty in their movement and self-determination. In my book, Prominent Actress Parminder Nagra is one of the most remarkable creatures captured on screen? Not only because they can claim to be vulgar, "luminous", but because their performance has a non-written and non-written intelligence completely convincing. <br /> <br /> The result is a movie that women can enjoy without feeling as though they are making an agreement with Satan to do so. As in the film "The Bride and the Bias" in Chad, relations between women are of great concern in chemistry, which can not be placed precisely in the categories of "Sweet Valley High" "best friends" or "sisters." Perhaps Chada was right to comment on her disavowal of flirt with lesbians. "Bending like Beckham" has the power that can not be reduced to the heterogeneous / heterosexual love triangle that its traditional text refers to. The exact nature of her pleasure is in the end a mysterious mystery ?? And what is more tempting to it? <br /> <br /> Oh yeah, did you mention that it's hilarious?
