The most sad thing about this film is that only 8 people left a comment on it, and NO-ONE felt it was worthwhile leaving a comment on the message boards. <br /> <br /> Made in the same year as Philadelphia ... Oscar winner Tom Hanks ... This is a movie that people should really watch and award. There is more humanity, life, love, tenderness and beauty in these two people than any other gay movie I've ever seen ... and that's all true. <br /> <br /> In order for this to be printed I need to leave a few lines of text: It is enough to say that anyone really wants to know what it was like to be gay in the sixties and seventies, and to understand exactly what AIDS was before Modern drug cocktails. "It allowed people to breathe a bit easier ... This is the film that can be seen. <br /> <br /> Oh, I will add a personal comment on AIDS, but in spite of everything, For the first time, it was called "gay cancer," and governments preferred to "let them die" instead of spending a red cent on research to help save a set of signs, and then it became clear that AIDS would also be a disease. ; So when straight people started the disease too, the only organizations and associations that were available to them were those who created them Homosexuals themselves (examples: names project: quilt commemorating all those who died of AIDS; acted etc.) The result is that people who may not have been in contact with homosexuals in their normal lives suddenly find themselves dependent on them and need them because there are no other organizations. This close contact, in my estimation, finally broke the barriers of prejudice and allowed the straight world to finally accept homosexuals on an equal footing.When AIDS first appeared in the arena, many of us thought that the straight world would use it as a means of landing on us more ... perhaps that It is true if the strait is not caught However, the steps that have been taken in the area of ​​gay liberation - so much so that, as I write this, there are at least five countries in the world that accept gay marriage - it may have taken a long time without AIDS to bring us together. It is sad to believe that all these people - whether they are straight or gay - should have died before our common humanity becomes clearer - but if what I write here is true, I think - then, there is little rest to be taken into account That all these people did not die in vain.
