You should watch this movie in the right frame of mind. First, the relationship between the father and the son shows that the film is supposed to be a prelude to Wong Fei Hung's "Drunken Master" (not the "Master Master"); And the renaming of the characters indicates that he himself was not convinced that the material was gathering together properly; indeed, the film conveys a feeling of incompleteness; for example, the romantic relationship that turns half of the plot around "Hang Master" is left hanging at the end of the film, Young Master, of the same period, suffers from shortages, but at least all of his central threads are tied together Some in the end, this film looks as if Chan wrestled with the plot and the characters are trying to find the main theme, only to give up the effort, perhaps because of the time and budget. <br /> <br /> Or maybe the film is simply too ambitious. This is an important film at the turning point in Chan's life, because it requires itself to develop its central character above all other concerns - that is why there is a shortage of kung fu throughout the film. Chan wants to create a romantic romantic comedy that coincides with Kung Fu's existence. But both the historical element and the romantic element are more than just distortions. <br /> <br /> This leaves us with comedy. Since Chan's interest is personal development, comedy is largely driven by personality - as in the conflict between Chan's personality and his best friend, an argument about a girl. But there is a lot of distraction. Frankly, I find the comedy amusing enough to forgive the incomplete plot. <br /> <br /> This film is an effort by Chan to find a viable formula that he can use and develop over time. Chan did not find this formula until after abandoning the historical elements of his previous films by producing the comedy of the contemporary movement "detective story". But the return to the film is still informative about the way Chan took his way through this historical genre, and why he gave up.
