Although Louis B. Meyer was not interested in signing the young Greta Garbo on a contract, but the first American film and the MGM of the actress looked very nice. It is clear that the film has been commissioned with some amazing talent to film production and make non-glossy paintings, because it contains all the polish and acumen you need from the best pictures the studio can produce. It simply looks beautiful - even after 84 years. <br /> <br /> As for Garbo herself, like her very early American films, she also looks different. Although they can be fully distinguished, their composition is softer than they would be one year later - giving them a less sharp and conscious look that they have not seen in subsequent films. I wish they had maintained that look, but given how famous the brand has become, who should I say they should not walk this way? The film revolves around Garbo and how unfairly she and her family forced her to leave their land by the owner. The owner of the land, the respectable Dona Bernarda, claims that the bank demanded payment and that her son had fallen in favor of Garbo - and what was the best way to get rid of her instead of forcing her to the streets! Nice lady, huh ?! Years ago Garbo became a world-famous new sensation. When she returns to her hometown years later, her old boyfriend (who promised to marry her, but when his mother Donna Bernarda refused to allow it), sees her. Has his new love been tested for another woman, would she be satisfied with the marriage of this lady who is heir to a huge wealth of pigs or does he want his old flame? More importantly, will Garbo get back after acting poorly? In the meantime, hits a huge rainstorm. The land begins to flood and homes will be washed soon because of the flood. Cortez and a friend make a crazy dash as the dams break! In a scene where they installed a rowing boat on the cascade, he finally managed to make it alive and in Garbo's home now. Welcome them inside and stay with them until the storm passes. He then confesses that he still loves her and defies the storm to make sure she is safe. She told him to be lost! Afterward, you see Ricardo about to marry his second choice, the daughter of the king of pork. He obviously has little enthusiasm for this - and you feel sorry for the lady, because she did nothing wrong. Soon, Cortez sees him walking back to Garbo's house - he's sick with love and needs it. In this scene, Garbo is very bright and can not tell him to leave - they melt in each other's arms. Again, tell her about his love for her. <br /> <br /> When Doña Bernarda learns that, she is dissatisfied. Obviously the ham queen is the best fishing of a world-known singer. Due to the intervention of this evil old lady, Garbo leaves - unwilling to come between the mother and her cowardly son. But Cortez runs - declaring that she must have and will not rest until he has his wife. Moments after this announcement, a friend of the family talks to Cortez and persuades him to abandon her for the good of his career and reputation. So much for "will not rest until she has his wife," huh?! Although Cortez is a gazelle through him and through him, for some reason, she can not bring herself to hate him. Thus, married the queen of pork and live a very boring life. When Garbo meets years later with Cortez again, he is a dull middle-aged man - while she is as beautiful as ever. It is not surprising to tell him, once again, to be lost. <br /> <br /> While this film was being produced, Garbo was not a star in the United States and Kurtz was also. So, in light of this, it is amazing that they gave Cortez an undesirable personality to play. Instead of the usual Valentino-like role they gave him, he is an indecisive gazelle - a giant gazelle. Henceforth, his career was in a slow downward spiral. For Garbo, the role helped to establish her as a big star - she was the focus of the film and played a character similar to her later characters. <br /> <br /> As for the film, the new music is made up because it was very nice, despite the frequent boy. Strangely, the printout was almost perfect except for address cards - which can be used for some restoration. <br /> <br /> A more fun movie - built with experience, sadness and worth watching. For one of the few times I can think of it, I have no real complaints about this excellent film.
