Fatna Zandali is bored and unhappy (a brilliant and vibrant performance by a charming black-haired brunette Erica Anderson), locked up in a meaningless marriage, a failed poet from a failed and cute businessman, and then Terry Martin (a strong and trusted image by Judge Reinhold). Zandali has an ephemeral ejaculation with the haggard and arrogant artist Johnny Collins (who played wonderfully with the high tail by Nicolas Cage). Can the relationship between Thierry and Zindley be saved? Or will everything fall apart and go to seed? Filmmaker Sam Pillsbury and scriptwriter Mary Cornhauser set out on the path of the dramatic history of the dense soap operas while trying to tell a serious and insightful story about the desire for bold jogging and its potentially dangerous consequences; the plot goes off glorious from the rails in a funny historical third-third. The dialogue is also silly and hilarious hilarious (sample line: "I want to shake you bare and your life alive"). Better yet, this dodge certainly offers a lot of delicious female nudity (Anderson, with its magnificent statues smoking with hot outdoor smoke) and the quasi-pornographic soft-sex scenes (Jonny and Zandali do the dirt in the church chapel to highlight a specific steamy ). The New tart'nangy setting in New Orleans adds extra spice to the already exciting actions. With his long dirty black hair, his greasy hair, coarse mouth and coarseness, Cage's Johnny is absolutely absolute because the most attractive "romantic" lead leads to his path to celluloid. The cast is worthy of acting with impressive sincerity: Anderson, Cage and Reinhold are doing respectful work with their parts, with the good support of Pantoliano as a gay friend in the brilliant Zandale and Viveca Lindfors as the wise and imaginative mother of the friendly waiter Tate, Steve Buscemi as The thief is funny, shameless and unmistakable. Walt Lloyd's bright, sharp cinematic photography gives the picture an attractive and vivid look. The delicious and harmonious result of Pray for Rain strikes similarly. A cheerful and exhilarating riots.
