I saw "New York: I love you" today and I loved it! I was looking forward to seeing this after watching "Paris je t'aime" and generally I think I liked this better ... maybe I need to watch "Paris je t'aime" again I do not know .. Read some reviews here about New York: ILY And yes, the film is not without its drawbacks. When you build a city like New York - it can be a bit overwhelming and nothing seems fair enough to bring justice to the city ... so without talking about any of the shortcomings of the film, I'll just write about what I liked. <br /> <br /> Unlike "Paris je t'aime" in which the short film of each director was properly divided and titled, NY: ILY Not many reviewers found the smoothness of the stories and the overlap with the characters here annoying and even confusing. I thought otherwise. I loved how stories flow one by one, and I particularly liked the overlap of characters - it might be strange because it's often done in movies now. But I still love it because I did not have to. The idea that we are all interconnected in the end is characterized by wise, even strange quality, which some may find vulgar but I find beautiful. <br /> <br /> I loved all the movies, but the film I touched most was written by Evan Attal with Robin Wright-Bein and Chris Cooper. He was so good at writing that disclosure in the end - again unused in the past - made me cry and I cried throughout the passage that followed. I've always liked Wright Ben and Anna to be a fan of Chris Cooper. Those precious first few seconds when standing alone outside the restaurant, before he received the call directly - spoke volumes about Cooper's ability to convey a personality as soon as he was present without saying anything. <br /> <br /> Most stories in this film include characters who either meet for the first time or meet each other recently except for 4-5 stories that have known each other for a long time. It seemed to me (and perhaps I am wrong) that the stories were different but they were all trying to bring this point back to the house and the need to retreat and look in a new light at the people and objects we have known in our lives for a long time; to see people and things around you with the eyes of a stranger As I did when I met them and saw them for the first time. <br /> <br /> Other films I liked were Shungy Iwai with Orlando Bloom and Christina Ricci, Natalie Portman with Carlos Acosta and Taylor Gere, Britt Ratner with Anton Yelchin and Olivia Therlby, Shakhar Kapoor with Julie Christie, Shia Labov and John Hurt, and once Another one from Evan Attal with Ethan Hawk and Emily Ohana when they are at the cafe. I really need to see more work by Ivan Attal, where I seem to love him so much! <br /> <br /> In general, watch this movie with an open mind. Do not read ratings before you see them! May not live up to your expectations about what the film should be about and about love in New York and I doubt that any film will really rise to this concept. Just watch this movie to get some good music, portray beautiful landscapes, rest with a slice of life, or a story or two that may dare your heart.
