New York, I love you finally reach our shores, but her ten short stories of love did not find one way or another enough to be released during Valentine's Day, possibly due to the fact that this year's festival also coincides with the Lunar New Year, The likes of Jackie Chan (No, No The Spy Next Door) and local director Jack Neo, who has traditionally released his latest films during this period to achieve a resounding success. So why fix a formula that has not been broken? <br /> <br /> Continuing in the concept that began in Paris, Je T'aime began to produce the "City of Love Privilege" (the city of Shanghai will be the next, so says the end of the final credits here), the buzz here revolves around tangled stories revolving around In one of the cities of the world to allow different interpretations from filmmakers around the world to come to stories based on love as a theme, although someone might forget Scarlett Johansson told some fine points in the basic rules of the sandbox, and her short palace was dropped Homogeneous of the drama edition for its inability to adapt to everything else (well, it was t Black and white), but here I hope to make it on DVD at least. <br /> <br /> Structurally, this series is less fragmented than its predecessor, and if memory serves me correctly, individual stories have been placed within its borders and the boundaries that have been created have never exploded. Here, a little more space is provided, with characters from different stories interacting in short fillers used to connect the viewer to each other, not just relying on taking shots of buildings and landscapes, hoping to make things look a bit more coincidental. That one story has adopted this mentality brilliantly for its sudden narrative to offer surprise, although it has already been seen in Paris. Like these, are certainly the creative forces behind the stories, writers, directors and filmmakers of different geographical regions and backgrounds that reflect the composition of the global city, where they meet together for a film. Moreover, starry stars too, with big names among the lesser-known names, all raise the bet through the perfect displays of pictures, whether for a short period of time or as support for building on them. You can not deny the initial view of the stars in identifying eminent personalities, from Irfan Khan to Natalie Portman (who also had written and directing duties), Rachel Bilson (quite like Bardot) to Shea Lapov, Shel Lebov, who plays an amazing role acting, In his few minutes here of a complete filmography so far. <br /> <br /> A wise story, like any anthology, will find some that will appeal to you automatically, and with others who do not wear 't. Some are obvious by nature, while others have to make amazing transformations that have worked so well. But these ten stories plus 1 (because Randall Balsmeyer was given the duties of integrating everything together for a more vivid sense rather than simply capturing footage from less known areas and fixed features) lacks in one way or another the spirit of "anything going" from its predecessor, with more stories In fact, compared to some fictional elements in the previous film (reciting Elijah Wood with anyone vampire?), Or even less adventurous with his narrative style (Christopher Doylez, Tom Tycoer starring Natalie Portman). Here, filmmakers seem to have chosen much for safety, not to venture into this spirit of adventure and experimentation. <br /> <br /> Aside from the minor quirks, I still enjoy almost all short films, unlike what many others have felt. The short film format is still largely alive and made them addicted to the feature under the theme City Love Works Well, leaving me wondering about the other cities that were included or included in the lineup. I hope the franchise will probably continue to spread its influence here. Sure, we have a large number of filmmakers to produce a series of Singapore, I love you. If they cross my fingers, something may be done on the road. Otherwise, there is always Sawasdee Bangkok's way of making it without any attachments to the rules of the franchise house.
