Walt Disney and its nine big men in 1950 are based on the classic fairy tale of Cinderella, which I think they can say helps create an unofficial "princess fairy tale" of Disney's classic years. <br /> <br /> Plot: Cinderella is a pretty girl who can not rest. Cindy's father felt she needed a mother figure, so he finally married a woman who would be known as Tremin, herself a widow with two daughters in the same age as Cinderella, Anastasia and Drazila. At first they seemed to all appear, but Cinderella's father died, and the true nature of Mrs. Tremin was revealed. She was a cold, cruel, cruel, heartless and passionate woman. She was transferred to her daughters, spoiled, brutal, and equally enthusiastic. Anastasia & Drizella Cinderella hate her because they know deep down that she is looking better and be more beautiful, more attractive and attractive than herself (that is, men are more attractive to men) and that their mother, Tremaine, hates Cindy for the same reasons. Over the years Ms. Tremin began to squander the family wealth in her stubborn but futile quest to improve / improve her unfavorable daughters (call it "ugly" would be an affront to returning people everywhere) while the three Cinderella landed as a multidisciplinary maid Abuse, maltreatment and humiliation of every opportunity they receive (and they are particularly fond of increasing their already absurd workload). This leads us to Cinderella at the present time, where she prospered into a young, well-looking young lady who somehow managed to remain good-hearted and gentle despite her family's abusive move and clung to the hope that the tables one day in her favor. <br /> <br /> Cinderella gets a shot of freedom and happiness when a royal ball is set up to introduce the local prince to a qualified young wife so that he can accompany her as a wife, settle down, set up a family, etc. - Of course, her family tries to prevent her from attending, so that she goes to physically assault her and tear up the dress she bought for herself (with the help of her little friends from mice - the dress belonging to her biological mother). Cinderella was finally overtaken by the courtyard and crying in despair. At that point, her fairy-godmother arrives, a short and attractive woman, and provides Cinderella with transport and transformer dress (after all, Cinderella will not create a good impression of the ball if she enters the scene looking as if she just got a gang raped). Cindy arrives at the ball, and the prince finds it difficult, but this annoying midnight base cuts the way, forcing her to flee, but leaves behind a glass slipper. Make a short story - After a long and terrifying quest to find the mysterious girl through the experience of glass slippers, Cinderella was found marrying the prince, giving her the happy ending she deserves. <br /> <br /> Overall, a Disney classic is fun. Not without its drawbacks, most notably is that the Prince is no more than Mac Goffin to help pay the plot - he has little screen time and even less dialogue, so we do not get to know him well or get a good look at his relationship with Cinderella (which is unfortunate because he , According to his documentary, the prince was originally supposed to play a larger role), and some additional scenes that help to make Cinderella herself useful (there was a song that showed her imagination of turning into an army of maids to clean the house as well as tapping the ball that She turns around her family to show her joy at the jealousy that has been cut Because Walt himself thought she made her look mean). However, Cinderella herself is a pet hero enough, even if her friend is a rat in her teens, and there is a sweetness to the film that is hard to find these days. Of course, if this is done now, Cinderella may have been engaged in a greater struggle against her family during the dressing-up scene and may have freed itself at its peak (either by picking the lock itself or by jumping impractically and dramatically down) from its window. <br /> <br /> For all those who say that Cinderella is a bad example of young girls, think well about it - at least Cinderella has not been drunk in public places and has been misplaced, unlike some modern "princesses" (Know who I mean).
