People criticize Disney's animated features in the 1950s for being too bright, in very primitive landscapes. This criticism is fair. However, the story can not be complete, because the two less bright ones - Alice in Wonderland and Peter Pan - are also weaker. Cinderella, on the other hand, located in a world where dirt is shining, is clearly the best. <br /> <br /> Looks great. The backgrounds are subtle and consistent. Pure colors without being too bright. Animation varies slightly. I swear that some humans are being rotated - but then, the humans who have been rotated (including Cinderella itself) are not full blood characters in the text, so this approach works well enough. It's really the animals that make the film. I think the studio never used animals in this way before, like totems instead of side-strikes. Mice, for example, are the creatures that draw us to the story; but they are really representatives or cinderella allies more colorless. The cat, Lucifer, is a kind of witches familiar to the evil father's wife. (The cartoon character was beautifully designed and animated - one of the best cat creations of all time.) The cartoonist supervisor Kim Ward Ward was designed on his own cat.I wonder how to treat the animal.) This approach allows animals to steal the show without drawing our attention from the main story . Their actions are of paramount importance only in light of the main story. <br /> <br /> Among the supporting representatives, there is the King and the Grand Duke. The king is a special character - he wants his grandchildren and seems to have no other desire at all - but the observation was struck in a delightful way. The Grand Duke is an impossible figure worthy of stepping out of his field just like Cinderella does. (Although, of course, richer). <br /> <br /> "Cinderella" is the return of Disney to the features after an eight-year hiatus, and yet neither with any subsequent film will restore the brilliance of its first years. Moreover, make things difficult for himself by choosing "Cinderella". She is a negative hero and there is not much that anyone can do about it. (I may be wrong in this result - I have not seen "always yet"). However, it is remarkable how successful Disney is in achieving this unsatisfactory story, without crossing its spirit.
