The legendary Walt Disney movie producer has brought three of the world's greatest fairy tales to the screen. Still among the most popular animation films of all time. The first was his leading classics, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, published in 1937. The most recent of them was The Sleeping Beauty, which was first appreciated at the time and first appeared in 1959. Between these two, perhaps his most accommodating adaptation of a classic fairy tale: Cinderella "(1950). Among the three films, "Cinderella" is the most faithful to his origins. Ironically, unlike Snow White, which became better or worse, the final version of the story. "Cinderella" did not follow the same path. Although it has achieved great success, such as "Snow White" and was responsible for restoring Disney's diminishing fortunes, it has never achieved the same appreciation as the audience it deserves. Disney has been proud, for once, of choosing not to mess with a classic game, instead of twisting and adding material to the story rather than rewriting it on the screen. The result was charming. <br /> <br /> A series of wonderful animations (with soft soft softicolor technology) and exemplary acoustic talent have revived the story with a glamor that continues to this day. Eileen Woods, who was a radio composer, recorded music charts for the authors of the article, Huffman, MacDavid, and Jerry Livingstone. When Disney heard them, he knew he had found Cinderella. And indeed he had. The heart transports of Woods "A Dream Is A Wish Your Heart Make", "So This Is Love" and "Oh Sing Sweet Nightingale" are ideal. Eleanor Audley, who would continue to express Maleficent in "Sleeping Beauty," was harshly cruel to the fatherly cruelty of the father's wife, while Roda Williams and Lucille Bliss were two convincingly disguised sisters. Louis Van Rottin performed admirably as King and Grand Duke, and James MacDonald was fond of Jack and Goose, the rats dedicated to Sindrella. William Fips has little to talk about as the prince (future host of talk shows Mike Douglas gave his voice) but the veteran (and Disney), Verna Velton was born to play the role of the fictional godmother, and got the best number, "Bibbidi-Bobbidi -Boo ") display stopper. <br /> <br /> Among the artists responsible for the "appearance" of the film, Mary Blair, who has enjoyed the use of colorful Disney with great admiration. Its elegant, French-era background adds to the quality of the film. But most important of all is the believable characters - from Cinderella to Lucifer, the evil cat of the father's wife. They bring life and vitality to the story that is often told, something that is difficult to create in an animated film. <br /> <br /> In conjunction with the 55th anniversary of the film, (not coincidentally, the upcoming holiday season) Cinderella has just been released on a special DVD. It simply did not look better. The fully restored film should be seen as appreciated - enough to say, looks great. Enhanced stereo sound has been added, and it serves music well. DVD extras, now a standard part of the Disney Platinum Editions, are more than just listed here, but as usual, some are directed at children, some are adult-oriented, and the rest is somewhere between them. But true fans want to get a set of fancy gifts, because, along with a real cell of the film and eight personal drawings, includes a 160-page hardcover book that includes not only most of the material in the book with the 1995 special version of the home video version, So much. As usual for Disney, Cinderella will only be available for a limited time. So, if you're like me, you're a Cinderella fan, get it now! This edition is really "Dream Come True".
