While the stories of the boiled solid detective for Dachel Hammett and Raymond Chandler have been adapted for cinema like a fox in a chicken coop - which actually creates the modern American style and style in the process - those stories of what could be called the golden fantasy of the era hardly any impression at all. The problem of books like Agatha Christie, Dorothy L. Sayers, or SS Van Dine (on which this film is based) is low or varied - while Sam Spade or Philip Marlowe roams the streets of Los Angeles, working-class housing, bars , Offices, affluent palaces, meet all kinds of dangers and exciting violence, the golden age fantasy generally fixed in situ, murder scene, usually a luxury country house, the work is limited to investigating evidence and interviewing suspects. This is a very fixed procedure, the plot has been converted into a puzzle. <br /> <br /> This, of course, is as ideological as anything else, the golden age stories dealing with a society hostile to change and movement; the boiling novels that record an urban reality are increasingly moving away from the center (both power and city), divided Itself into hostile camps that were uncontrollable at all. Another major problem in the golden imagination is personal - because we can not figure out the answer to the crime until the end, we can not reach the motives or emotions of the characters, where they are only identified by their potential need to kill. The detective, unlike the disturbing and turbulent private eyes, simply exist to be wonderful, perhaps a little eccentric. <br /> <br /> The problem in most of the Golden Age books is that they are trying to be a recuperation period at the ivory merchant school / Jane Austen, and it ends up being silly. There have been successes, for example drastic reworking of Ellery Queen and other works by Claude Chabrol. In the English-speaking world, there were already only two. The classic Alistair Sim, "Green For Danger," works as a form of parody, while never compromising integrity or ambiguity. <br /> <br /> Before that, Michael Curtiz's wonderful The Kennel Murder appeared as a 'case.' Narration is the pure golden age. An obnoxious personality is presented giving a number of potential suspects a reason to kill him. Was duly killed in a seemingly contentious manner, suggesting suicide, and retreat into a closed room. Policemen with melancholy fall hopelessly. It is up to Philo Vance, the esteemed investigator of the man and Mr., not the old or chubby, to read the clues more comprehensively, opening the case beyond the limits of the room, and finally resolving the issue, where the corpse is no longer an excuse for intellectual stimulation. <br /> <br /> The interesting thing is not this detective plot - which can never be as satisfactory as all the solutions - although it is rarely less than entertaining, full of bits and pieces of comedy. There is not even an attempt to "sabotage" the image of the ideal investigator - there is an alarming scene where the brutal sergeant threatens to provoke the suspect without any protest from Vance, but this concerns him. <br /> <br /> What characterizes the "dog house" as classic is modernity. Curtiz is generally not a great composer, because he has no fixed themes or evidence of artistic development. But he was the greatest craftsman in Hollywood, and he is in an exciting position here. If the detective story of the Golden Age is just a puzzle, Curtiz takes this idea to the extreme logical limit, creating abstract variations on its source, thereby reducing narrative, personality and location to geometry, a series of lines, from fine art deco sets to glorious camera movements that separate Suddenly a fixed combination, and while sliding angrily at an angle, shaking the dead decoration of life. <br /> <br /> This treatment is appropriate for a story that resolutely rejects realism, a pattern that turns the plot into a mirror room, such as the Central Brothers, or the original crime itself, borrowed from the book "The Uncertain Mysteries." This fictional world of wealthy men who gather the eastern monuments (the shades of "aluminum silicate"), the unguarded Chinese servants, the former servants who turned into servants, the dog-loving Phobes, the police of Ronynsk, is the perfect home for Vance, the man who will leave a cruise to Europe is on a fictional intuition, knowing the social world of these people, yet it is tainted with its interest in crime and its association with the police, or if it is nothing more than a thinker. William Powell, the greatest American comedian of the decade, bravely captures his distinct humanity. <br /> <br /> But if the treatment is rare, its climax is spectacularly brutal, containing evil dogs and attempted murder. Police and detectives, which are supposed to prevent the crime, are guilty of inciting one.
