There are some films that Horror (or itself) fans owe to watching, also known as Emilio Miraglia "La Dama Rossa Uccide Sette Volte". "The Red Queen Kills Seven Times" (1972) is definitely one of them. Since Giali and Gothic Tales are my favorite sub-genre in Horror, I was looking forward to seeing this film for a long time, and although my expectations were high, this masterpiece exceeded my great hopes. The film "The Night Evelyn Cout Out of the Grave" (1971), Miraglia, was a very moving and airy film, successfully combining Giallo with Gothic horror, but it was not comparable With such an immediate favorite character. "The Red Queen Kills Seven Times" is one of the most unique and widespread Italian horror films ever, and no lover of this genre can think of losing. "The Red Queen" is an incredibly charming Giallo with powerful gothic elements, offering everything one can hope for in any of two sub-categories: an amazingly creative and attractive plot, a chilling thrill, a wonderful and pleasant ambience, a truly creepy ambience , Elegant murders, a wonderful degree, not least, a charming female led by the stunningly beautiful Barbara Bosch - this film is simply one of the most magnificent collections of elegant beauty and pure terror. <br /> <br /> The film begins unbelievably in a beautiful Gothic castle in Germany. As little girls, Kitty Wildenbrück and her sister Evelyn fight when their grandfather tells a story behind an incredibly strange painting: Legend says that a wicked red lady is back to the castle every hundred years and killed seven people. Fourteen years later, Kitty (Barbara Bushett) became a successful fashion photographer. Suddenly, people began to kill ... Miraglia has already proved his amazing talent for elegance, atmosphere and colorful splendor with "The Night Evelyn Came Out of the Grave" and uses these elements more effectively in these gems. "The Red Queen Kills Seven Times" is a feast for the eyes already, one of the most visually overwhelming Italian horror films and plot. The haunting painting in Grandpa Castle alone is able to give the viewer a cry of terror. The red lady (or the red queen, as it is called in the English title) is the most brutal character ever in Giallo, and the scary laugh of the spine that accompanies the killings will be frightening on its own. <br /> <br /> A female team is always appreciated, especially in Giallo, and this is a great example. The charming Barbara Bushe (one of my favorite actresses) should be one of the most stunning ladies on the screen, and she is also a wonderful actress. Bouchia's class ranked many Italian clicks, among other appearances in three of the greatest masterpieces of Italian cinema in the seventies in a single year (1972): Fernando de Leo "Milano Caliber 9", Lucio Fulci "Don" torturing the duck " The magnificent crew of young girls, including Sebel Daning and Marina Malfatti, and other beauty who are not afraid to shoot the camera. <br /> <br /> As in the entire film, the murders are elegant and very elegant, but they are frightening and appalling, some of them very bitter The enchanting Nue Nikolai is as memorable as it is, and the atmosphere of the film is very strange and more intense.The plot is brilliantly wrapped and full of red herring, and the level of tension increases with every passing minute ... "The Red Queen ..." starts creeping and remains spectacular to the last second. Films that I can not find with enough words of praise. "The Red Queen Kills Seven Times" is an absolute masterpiece easily categorized among the finest Gialli movies ever made, and a top priority for all horror and / or Italian film lovers. 10/10
