Michael Cortez produced the book in 1930, the most elegant of a screenplay by Robert Presnell, Robert N. Lee and Peter Min. The original novel they adapted was "The Killing Case," perhaps from the writer's point of view, the best of Philo Vance's memoirs by S.S. The strange. Vance was a long-witted and superior genius, and perhaps his character at William Powell meant that Warner Brothers executives were aware that this investigator might alienate viewers into the less involved hands. Fortunately, they named William Powell as the first character; later played by Basil Rathbone, Warren William and Paul Lucas before being moved to the status of "B". The other question as always with executives at Warner Brothers is why they chose Vance as a personality; their inclination was to select men who worked outside the law, without any clear distinction between a vicious murderer and a champion of individual rights against all comers. This film contains a wicked villain being killed, and a challenging local language within a residential complex. The characters are extraordinarily well aware, the direction is fairly good and the pace is unusually fast; except for the dark B / W appearance, the film avoids comedies and superfluous characters and the character of the dialogue is irrelevant to many early detective essays. Jack Aoki has a good artistic direction. Music by Berhard Cowon for service. Do Ory Kelly Fashion. William Reese presented mostly indoor cinema. In the amazing film, Powell is considered the Philo Vance of his time, often with an intellectual wit and a hint of sardonic humor here and there. Eugene Pallet is better than usual playing very straight as a pagan fan, with his very professional timing. The other actor who achieved the best performance is the handsome Paul Cavang, which is very effective as always in what was written as part of the red herring. Mary Astor is attractive but at this stage of her career she spoke more quickly than to be as effective as she later proved. Also in the cast is Helen Finson in the role of Wicked Women, Jack La Roe, Ralph Morgan (known as Frank Morgan's brother), Robert Barrett as one of the villains who have reason to kill, Archer Coe, and Frank Conroy as his beloved brother with Robert McWade as DA; Girardot has a delightfully intelligent part as a funny little doctor who comes to the crime scene. James Lee is that the Chinese maid abused the excellent and smart. The story is divided into four parts. First, there are shaded performances in the dog show, where Vance, Coe and Cavanagh show West Highland dogs. Kavanagh was killed by Coe to prevent him from winning the title. The second part of the scene involves taking leave; someone confused enough of who went where, after parts of Ko from his girlfriend, Vinson, to kill his beautiful brother by mistake. Enter the Vance, to see who did the Archer Coe in a closed room and how, with the help of Palette; rectify the romantic difficulties, the Chinese server was cleared, find out who broke the expensive pot, who would marry, how Archer Ko was done and why the personal server did not - But someone else has a good excuse did. It's a little more than a good puzzle, taken seriously by Hungarian-born director Cortez. I have used napkins, fast clipping, camera angle changes and rotation between direct and candid camera work to achieve diversity and attention to continuous tempo. Many writers, critics and experts, including myself, consider this to be the best Vance project, although others are also appreciated.
