"Markham," famed businessman Philo Vance Vance (William Powell) tells the district attorney, "I will come back more and more to believe that Archer Ko was killed in this room. Fragments ... everything here. "" But Vance, "Markham says," did you mean to tell me that a dead man walked upstairs? "" I'm not trying to tell you anything but the facts, "says Vance." This is the most important case in my experience. "<br /> < The wealthy, arrogant Archer Ko, apparently disliked by all those who knew him, were found in a chair in his bedroom with a pistol in his hand and shot in the head. It was complicated by the fact that the door of the Coe bedroom and its windows had been closed from the inside.Coe was not suicidal.was this murder, but how was the killer escaped? Why is Ko's brother, Brisbane Ko, found dead in the main floor closet? <br /> <br /> The case of the now-73-year-old Kennel is still an elegant look The first is the complex and intelligent puzzle, but it still makes sense: Second, William Powell's impressive and contentious performance, looking at his work as a rehearsal for his outstanding performance like Nick Charles. Some things survive Vance. He uses his intelligence to assemble things together. It is also a good company. Powell was a star in the 1920s and steadily moved up in popularity when the talks took hold. His intelligence, style and simple evolution made him the most visible actor of the past. <br /> <br /> It is also good to see some other great faces. There is Mary Astor in Lake Hilde, Ko Suite, the angry young man who is likely to be rich; Paul Cavanaugh as the British hovering around Hilda; Helen Vinson with her prominent and selfish destination (watched her doing her things in the 1938 novels); Etienne Giraudot, Dormus, whose forensic work and medical examiner is still taking him away from meals; Ralph Morgan as Special Secretary for Archer Ko. This film contains a high proportion of middle-aged men without ounces of fat that can wear tailored suits tailored to English easily. Most important of all is Eugene Pallet, with his noble belly and gravel voice, and investigator Sergeant Heath. Sergeant Heath and Fance are long-time acquaintances, and seem to love each other.
