The brilliant portrayal of Douglas MacParth of Douglas MacArthur from the Battle of Corregidor in the Philippines at the beginning of the Pacific War largely to his removal as a United Nations commander during the Korean War provides reason to believe that the three possibilities mentioned above. Certainly the most controversial US general in World War II (and perhaps ever) MacArthur is presented here as a man of enormous contradictions. He claims that soldiers long for peace above all, but it is clear that he is good at war. He consistently denies any political ambitions; however, whatever he does is deliberately used to promote himself as a presidential candidate; he clearly believes that the soldiers under his command must follow his orders towards the letter, yet he deliberately defies orders from the President of the United States; he shows great respect for cultures (Especially in the Philippines and Japan), yet it is far from his country. All these things are balanced throughout this film, and in the end the viewer is left to draw his own conclusions about the man, although one has left without doubt that MacArthur loved the sincerity and passion of his country, especially the army he devoted his life to. <br /> <br /> Peake's performance, as I said, was so wonderful that in fact, almost everyone else in the film was (probably appropriate, given who he was filming!) except Ed Flanders. Although he gave a convincing look at Harry Truman and his position on MacArthur: cynical (repeatedly refers to MacArthur as "His Majesty") is angry and frustrated and in the end he is completely fed up with this general who simply will not respect his authority as president. Marj Dossai was also interesting as the wife of Mac Ahur Jean, dedicated to her husband (who referred to herself as "General", although their relationship was happy enough.) I enjoyed this movie very much, although I probably liked this movie to learn A little more about MacArthur's early life. She has always ridiculed MacArthur's reaction to Eisenhower's election as president ("he will make a good president - he was the best writer of a curse ever" - summarizing what MacArthur thought should be the president's role, especially to his military commanders during the war.) watching. 10/08
