It is worth mentioning that Lee is only the third review of this film, while "Patton-Lust for Glory", the biography of the former Frank McCarthy producer of a controversial US general of World War II, has attracted nearly a hundred comments so far. Like previous reviewers, I am intrigued why one of the films should have received more attention than the other. <br /> <br /> The difference between the two films is that "Patton" focuses more, focusing on relative focus. A short period at the end of the Second World War and immediately afterwards, while MacArthur not only covers this war but also the role of its subject in the Korean War, as well as his term as US governor of occupied Japan during the interval. <br /> <br /> The main difference is how the two leaders play. Gregory Beck dominates this film over George C. While Scott had another major star, Karl Malden, playing in front of him as General Bradley, none of the other actors in MacArthur were family names, at least for their film career. Of course, Scott Baton portrayed him as an aggressive and fiery temperament, a man who was at times at war with the rest of mankind, not only with the enemy. I think in real life General MacArthur was a volcanic person like Patton, but that's not what it appears in this film. Peck's MacArthur is more reflective and thoughtful than the liberal intellectuals he has played in some of his other films. At times, he seems to be a man of the political left. It was possible to write most of his speech on the Japanese surrender in 1945 by a paid member of the CND, and his policies to reform Japanese society during the US occupation have a semi-socialist atmosphere. In an attempt to show something of MacArthur's gift of inspirational leadership, Beck makes him a good speaker, but his sermons seem to always condemn the more deliberate speeches of the rhetoric than any heartfires. It looks as if Atticus Finch from the movie "To Kill the Emulator" was wearing a criminal uniform. <br /> <br /> While Scott tried to put "warts and every image" of Patton, it was criticized that MacArthur was trying to overlook some of the less attractive features of the subject. I think these criticisms are fair, especially with regard to the Korean War. The film gives the impression that MacArthur was a brilliant general who dared to stand up to ignorant politicians who ignored militarily and who did not know how to fight the war and sacked because of his pain when victory was within reach. Of course, many historians feel that Truman was forced to dismiss MacArthur because the latter's behavior became a threat to world peace, and he had no choice but to accept the stalemate because Stalin did not allow his Chinese allies to humiliate. Even during the Korean scenes, Peck's is more perfect than in his real life; we see little of his enthusiasm and politeness. (Truman's observation that "he knows a lot about the policy known to the pig on Sunday" was said about Eisenhower, but it could have been applied to MacArthur's approach to international diplomacy). The film's attempt to paint some MacArthur warts may reflect the period in which it was made. The late 1970s, after the twin shocks of Vietnam and Watergate, were a difficult time for America, and the reassuring audience may have welcomed a reassuring heroic portrayal of a military figure of the previous generation. Another criticism I would like to get out of the film is that it is between two chairs. If it is intended to be a complete biography of MacArthur, it should have been something of his early life, which has not been covered at all. (The first thing we see from General is when he leads the American resistance to the Japanese invasion of the Philippines). One of the themes presented in the film is the influence of Gen MacArthur's father, himself a military hero. I wanted to know what sort of man Arthur MacArthur was, and why his son considered him a hero and an example. Another interesting way of making the film was to focus on Korea and the MacArthur conflict with Truman, giving equal importance to the two men and with representatives of the same status playing with them. The way I made the film actually seemed less interesting than any of these alternative methods. <br /> <br /> It would be wrong, however, to give the impression that I completely disliked the film. Although I may not agree with Peake's interpretation of the main role, there is no denying that he played it with his normal professionalism and gravity. The film as a whole is a good example of a strong, lively, thoughtful and informative life. It's a good movie, but it could be a better film. 7/10. <br /> <br /> In a false observation, the map showing MacArthur during the Korean War shows the demilitarized zone, the border between the two Koreas that came into being only after the war. (The pre-war frontier was 38). Also, I think MacArthur was referring to the 'tocsin' of the war. The war may be poisonous, but it is hard to hear a thirsty ear for poison.
