When I was in a Hollywood video, I looked through their movies there and there was a DEMONICUS program for five Bacaro cars plus fifty percent! I've only seen it once before and could not finish this wonderful deal! The second show was much better than the first one. The box is very cool and the music is very good. If you have not seen Demonicus yet, I would advise you to do so or if you hired and hated Demonicus you should give it another chance because another offer might change your mind. If you watch a copy in Hollywood video for the price you got, do not miss it is great! <br /> <br /> Demonicus is a completely different but fun movie. Believe it or not like watching an interactive video game with no play, it has a very low budget and representatives. I'm sure no one is familiar with it. We started the video game, I mean the movie with a man and a woman in Italy, there is a cave that actually looks like a road tunnel / railway train and says it does not go there and what ordinary things do! He did not hear it! Go there to find lots of handicrafts and armor and a body fully preserved from a legendary wrestler named Tyrannous! Where did the chair come from that Tyrannous was sitting on it and how its body remained well and where did the cauldron of each cave stay complete with the Caultron pot? Tyrannous wears his armor and helmet and has a weapon or two. Does he do the dumbest thing anyone can do and put it on the helmet and take over the tyrant spirit! From there he walks around killing only the two camps close to the real Tyrannous re. <br /> <br /> Now, I've said before like a video game. It's hard to explain but it feels like it. Music looks like video games. Acting is really terrible. The actors say things like why he did it, he was really a dagger and he was back home! There are also some major mistakes in the film, such as a man running and trying to find his girlfriend at night and still running in the day and he is still looking for it without stopping! <br /> <br /> This movie contains some mistakes but it's not as classic as Werewolf, but it's fun if you love budget-prone movies, it's better for you to see Demonicus!
