The effects of job-related stress and stress resulting from an unscrupulous ethical dilemma against a family (albeit unique) liability, all at risk - or perhaps a catalyst - of the midlife crisis, studied in darkness and drama absorbed, "Panic", written and directed by Henry Promille, and starring William H. Messi and Donald Sutherland. It is an inspirational view of how hesitation and deprivation can lead to internal strife and misery that ultimately leads to apathy and this moment of truth when the conflict must ultimately be resolved. <br /> <br /> Alex (Messi) is tired and has a loving wife, Martha (Tracey Ullman), an early six-year-old son, Sami (David Dorfman), a postal company he runs outside the house, Main, family. "A work he shares with his father, Michael (Sutherland), and his mother Dieder (Barbara Paine), but it is empty, and years of doing so have left him alone and in a state of mind that led him to see a psychologist, Dr. Josh Parkes (John Ritter). Things get worse (or maybe better, depending on the perspective), he met in the waiting room of Dr. Parks with a young woman called Sarah Cassidy (Neve Campbell), whose presence alone makes him feel alive for the first time since he remembers. The moral conflict that has functioned on it, as in the days following their meeting, can not simply stop It seems that his whole life has become a "situation" - and he seems unable to successfully extricate himself without hurting the situations he loves - he can deny his age and the fact that, in fact, he has slipped into a real midlife crisis, He discovers that the problems he is facing are simply not going away on their own.It is at a crossroads, and he has to decide how to walk and he will have to do so very soon. <br /> <br /> From an interesting concept in essence, A personal, lively and insightful study, he presents it in a way that allows moments of meditation to allow the public to empathize with and understand what Alex is going through. It shows that there are no simple answers, and that in real life there is no easy way out. His characters are well defined and very real people represent the diversity of life, moreover, within any particular family unit. The film includes surprisingly that the sins of the father are transmitted to offspring with irreversible consequences and effects. When you grow up, you accept your personal environment as the environment of the world as a whole; and often years pass into adulthood, one can begin to realize and understand that there are already ethical standards placed by each individual walking on this planet, and that the criteria set by the father may not be favorable The principles of the Son. At that point, Alex found himself as the story unfolded; the midlife crisis, or more specifically, the crisis of conscience he could not escape. It is a powerful message, conveyed briefly and brilliantly by Brumel, with the help of some outstanding presentations from his representatives. <br /> <br /> For some time, William H. was. Messi is one of the leading figures in the business, creating diverse characters such as Kid Kid's Donnie Smith in Magnolia, Shoveler in Mysterious Men and Jerry Lundigard at Fargo, "The sad eyes of Alex," a very important comment, where Messi's strength is here, and his ability to convey true passion in an intricate and disturbing way that reflects all the inner turmoil he is suffering from. At that troubled moment, he obviously struggles, not only with his position In this scene, you find the total life of guilt, confusion and uncertainty, all of which have been successfully suppressed so far; all the things that have always been at the heart of Alex's life, only now He has gradually penetrated his defense mechanisms and finally emerged and demands a confrontation and a solution - a complex character created and presented by Macy with absolute precision that makes Alex truly unforgettable - a personality that anyone can face any seemingly insurmountable difficulties. It is a wonderful work by one of the best actors around the world. <br /> <br /> Sutherland is extremely effective, too; Michael has a nasty villain in a very real way that is chilling. It is frightening, in fact, to think of such people actually walking on the ground. This is not some pulp fiction or villain-type James Bond, but it is a true embodiment of evil, hiding behind an outward appearance so natural that it can be a guy next door, which makes it even more disturbing. The Sutherland brings life to life brilliantly, with wonderful performance. <br /> <br /> Neville Campbell is a part of Sarah, but her performance (like her own) seems somewhat ambitious, although her influenced behavior here only happens to fit the character and is actually a positive aspect of the film. If their energies sometimes turn inward, it will make a big difference in the way their characters are presented. However, "Panic" is one of my best efforts; a powerful film, in the end, is a worthy journey. 10/09. <br /> <br />
