First of all, this was not a three-hour film - two hours, ten minutes ... The last time I checked out commercials is not actually part of a movie! Maybe, though, should I have two pieces for about 3 hours? Yes, it was possible to be more able to explore some feelings. Overall, I had an interesting look at the life of Lucy and Desie. "I love Lucy" from time to time and I love her, but I have never read or seen autobiography, and I never knew anything about their lives outside the screen. Because of this movie I'm doing now, but I'm not sure it's a good thing. Everything here is no one really needs to know. This was basically a film he did not need to produce. But this was done because Lucy & Desi are still such huge stars and some people in American society feel that the rest of society needs to know all about our TV and movie stars. This is certainly not true and very sad. <br /> <br /> Anyway, what appeared here at Lucy was very good. Complaints - The actress who played Viv Vance - is not great at all. The transformation of Madeleine Zima to Rachel York .... ah, like Lucy underwent cosmetic surgery and suddenly became a whole new person !? This was not too great. But the story continued and focused on the rocky relationship between Lucy and Daisy. No, the children did not appear very much at all, and it was not necessarily a defect in this film because, as I said, this focused mainly on Lucy and Daisy. If there had been more time, if the story had been about Lucy's whole life, there might have been more children. But they were not, we have known the likes of Gable & Lombard, Red Skelton and Buster Keaton for a very short time. It was one thing about this story that I thought was truly fascinating: his presence and influence in Lucy's life. Really neat and extremely unpleasant that it is not explored more. Oh, okay. What has been explored has been well done, for the most part. Frankly, I do not think I'll see this again and I do not think this film will ever be forgotten. For the person who digs I love Lucy but he is not very impressed with Paul's bouquet, this should be a pleasant hour. My appreciation for this: b
