Last Christmas, I was lucky enough to receive one of the 1200 Ultimate Bourne sets from My Half Half boxes but the last part of the trilogy was postponed until yesterday. Given the number of thirties that stumbled on the finish line rather than a victorious walk through it, I was a bit wary of approaching the "Bourne Ultimatum" but I really should not have worried. The electric movement sequences and bruising scenes blend effortlessly with smart storylines to make it one of the best thrill movies I can remember and see a great end to an excellent series. <br /> <br /> Jason Bourne (Matt Damon returns after a clear leak over the Blackbriar process - a new program based on the old Treadstone project - to journalist Paddy Considine in the Guardian, determined to find out more about his past that has not been Remembering yet, Bourne picks up the track again, but others in the CIA, including deputy director Noah Fusen (David Stratharn) believe Bourne himself is leaking and begins to follow the rogue agent with renewed vigor. Was he looking for her or would the old employers cast him away forever? <br /> <br /> Personally, I was slightly disappointed Because of Bourne's superiority, where she abandoned the realism of the brands to her practical sights and focused on being a spy film, not to say that she lost it completely, but compared to the wonderful Bourne identity, it seemed like a slow-motion spy novel rather than a thriller. There is no such concern here - every crash, puncture, kick or car shot is heard and felt very pleased but fortunately, it still retains a wonderful spy story sweeping through its heart to stir up the movement. It also connects brilliantly to the two previous films, providing a suitable cover for the trilogy where things are explained and expanded until the full picture is exposed. The presentations are almost impeccable - even Julia Styles begins to offer something more than a fatty eye candy. The only real thing is that this, like the other Bourne films, has little to do with the original novel, but unless you are a fan of fanatical Ludlow, this is no real reason to hate such a high-level film. <br /> <br /> There is nothing more satisfying than a film that took me by surprise, and despite my fears, "The Bourne Ultimtum" is a cracking film full of enough action to satisfy the flesh - the heads as well as the plot that never threaten to ignore Your attention for one minute. Even in the final stage, you are not quite sure whether the happy ending is guaranteed but are you a series fan or not (and if not, what do you want more?), This is one movie you should really follow down as fast as you can . No wonder the series forced Bond producers to get rid of 40 years of film history in order to start again. Bourne is a modern spy hero and made modern Bond movies look closer to Austin Powers compared to even gave the "Casino Royale" Bond series to reboot that was most needed. The lost movies from Jason Bourne movies are a crime worthy of delivery - go and get a copy of the DVD. Not the Ultimate Bourne Collection - limited edition, I'm afraid!
