Exciting license - some hate it, although it is necessary to narrate any life story. In Lucy's case, the main points of her teenage years in Lucille Paul, her early career and her 20-year marriage with Daisy Arnaz are included, albeit in a broken and redrafted way. <br /> <br /> Key Emotions Lucy's life was illustrated: Lucille's struggle to find her status as an actress, and finally flourished in the wonderful comedy that made Lucy's personality personal; her turbulent, romantic and ultimately impossible marriage to Daisy Arnaz; Lucy & Desi creates the first television empire and secure its place in history forever as a couple of unforgettable sitcoms for television. <br /> <br /> As Lucille Ball, Rachel York does a laudable job. Do not expect to see the same miraculous transformation as the shift by Judy Davis when Judy Garland played, but York makes Paul's will strong but still very sweet and funny in itself. Although her comic timing is different from Lucy, it is still reasonable. The film never gives much details about her exemplary behavior in the group, and her abuse of Vivian Vance during the early I Love Lucy years, but watching York photographing Lucy alone is a great addition. Daniel Pino is thinner and less charismatic than the real daisy, but he enjoys his own charm and does a decent job mostly with Daisy tone, especially in the opening scene. Madeleine Zima was respectable, if not overly memorable, because Lucy was a teenager. <br /> <br /> Vivian Vance and William Frawley were not often shown, fortunately, because Rebecca Hobbs and Russell Newman were not very convinced of the roles. Not that they are not good actors in themselves, but it was not all that suited the people who were playing them. Most of the actors were from Austrailia and New Zeland, and repressed accents can sometimes be detected. <br /> <br /> Although the main structure of the film adheres to historical truth, there are many deviations, some of them apparently inexplicable. Jesse Oppenheimer, the lead author of Radio Lucy's "My Husband's Favorite" program, which began in 1948, was filmed in this film as arriving at the scene to help film "I Love Lucy" in 1951, completely ignoring the fact that he was the principal creator! This film also depicts Mark Daniels as the main director "I Love Lucy" for his full potential, completely ignoring the fact that he was replaced by William Asher after the first season! Also, although I think this is due to budget constraints, Ricardo only lives in the same apartment for their entire stay in New York when they actually changed the apartments in 1953. The kitchen set is slightly larger and beyond the original range as well. Connecticut's house looks very close to the original, except that the right and left sides of the house have been intensified and restructured. <br /> <br /> There is also Desi talking about buying RKO in 1953, during the scary red Losi incident, although RKO did not hit the market until 1957. These changes could have been a dramatic license, and the film does work But could it have hurt them to show more respect for Oppenheimer and Asher, two vital characters in the history of "Love Lucy"? The biggest coincidence is the "I Love Lucy" entertainment, at least a few of them. It's always risky to re-create something that was captured in the film and seen by billions of people, but it's even more important when the hateful changes are made. The scene was broken into a giant bread loaf, and anyone familiar with this episode had noticed the differences immediately! The number "We have a child" was also shortened, but otherwise it was practically dead. By far the best was the "gnawing" scene, where Rachel Yorke already admired Lucy's behavior. The producers made a wise decision not to try to directly reproduce the "Vietametagamine" factories and the dessert paste, instead to offer the representatives their training. These scenes proved effective because of this approach. <br /> <br /> The main mistake in the film is that it makes the assumption that viewers already know a lot about Lucy's life, where much is neglected or deleted at all. In general, although it gives a decent image of a Lucy & Desi marriage, factual errors can be overlooked when personal evolution works effectively.
