I thought Rachel York was as wonderful as Lucy. I saw them in "Kiss Me, Kate" and "Victor / Victoria", and in each of these presentations, I developed very different and very real features. She's a chameleon who can play (and sing) anything! <br /> <br /> I am very surprised by the number of negative reviews that appear here regarding Rachel's performance in Lucy. It seems that some critics in the field of television and entertainment programs lack the idea of ​​filming. Many people have focused on the fact that Rachel does not really look like Lucy. My answer to that is, "So what?" I was not looking for Lucy's impersonation. I wanted to know more about the real woman behind the clown. Rachel certainly gave us that much. I also did not want to see someone simply making a classic Lucy protein. So I was very pleased with the producer and director's decision to try Rachel to shoot Lucy in a rehearsal for the most famous sitcom - Vitameatavegamin and The Candy Factory. (It seems that some reviewers did not realize that these scenes were intended to be rehearsal sequences and not a real comic play). I thought this approach gave an innovative touch to the graphics that many of us know by heart. I also thought that Rachel was terribly new and funny in these scenes. I have heard quite well the routine that has been redrafted - profesional and gnarled, in particular. There was one moment in the grape scene, where Rachel's mouth angle saw the little improvement I remember Lucy. I could not believe she was able to pick it up - of course. <br /> <br /> I wonder if many people who criticized the performance were expecting to see Lucille's ball from "I Love Lucy" throughout the entire film. After all, those of us who knew her only on television had no idea what Lucy was really in her first film years. I think Rachel has shown a natural progression in personality. We have planted all the seeds to see the clown waiting for its appearance, in the light of the appropriate conditions. Lucy did not fit the template of the old studio system. In her frustrating attempts to become a typical movie star in that era, she continued to suppress what proved to be her final gifts. <br /> <br /> Rachel, I think, has acquired comedy, drama, intelligence, sadness, anger, passion, love, ambition, loyalty, sex, self-absorption, childhood, and stoicism all entered into one complex American icon. She did so with authenticity and freshness that she was very fond of. "Lucy" was starring Rachel York. I hope that this flood of great roles will bring its way into the future. I also hope to bring her Amy.
