When I got Bourne's identity five years ago, I have to admit that I did not think much about it. At the time I was eleven, so maybe I was too young to be able to get into the story and understand the entire scenario. Two years ago, when I reached the Bourne Superstition, I thought it was a better film than Identity, but I did not think it was as good as I expected it to be judged by the trailers. Over the past two years, I've been told many times that Bourne's movies were fantastic, and I had to hit my tongue a lot and say what I was really thinking about in movies. Until two months ago, I could not have expressed a bourneme, and I had no intention of watching it. But then I decided to go back and watch the first two before I made any surprising decisions. So I went out and bought both original films. What a surprise I had when I caught them. Identity I found the best of the two, but the superiority is not far behind. These are two pieces full of vitality and full of excitement from the cinema I've seen several times since I bought it. Because of this I was the first in line today to see Bourne's warning. The boy did not warn Bourne do not disappoint! <br /> <br /> Matt Damon was not my favorite actor until he appeared in Bourne movies, and I saw him in the talented Mr. Ripley, but I did not think much of him in general. However, he seems to have been born to play Bourne (pardon for pun). During this series, we saw a change of character before our eyes, in this film we see Matt Damon at his best, even better than in The Departed, and I thought it was one of the best things in The Departed. Do you find yourself interested in personality in the hope of discovering everything. Matt Damon plays the role quietly and you find his character very sincere. The supporting cast was also great. Joan Allen was one of my favorite things at Bourn Supremacy, and here she excels herself. Her personality is also very reasonable and she has some moments behaved wonderfully at the end of the film. Julia Stills reappears on behalf of Nicky and finally we learn a bit about her character. Julia Steeles is a very understated actress and I think she deserves a lot of roles and decent roles more well than she gets. David Strathran is the newcomer to the series Knooh Vuzen, he is definitely the bad guy in the film and he really excels. He is certainly the most personable person we met, and some of the decisions he makes are really bad. Stratharn enjoys the role and also gets some great scenes in the film. Albert Finney, who uses most of his time on the screen for a very short period of time, and I will not say anything about the character, would rather leave it as a surprise, but trust me to see it are some of the highlights of the film. <br /> <br /> Bourne movies have always been more focused on the story story than on the sequence of events. This does not mean that the trilogy lacks the sequence of motion, and the good God is not much of it spread all over the movies. But running around the film is a very well written story and behaved well. This story ends in the best way imaginable in this film. While I saw excellence the night before seeing the alarm, it was nice because I noticed some small parts. This very recent scene of excellence, in New York, is far more important than I had imagined at the time. It will not spoil it for people, but I recommend verifying excellence before you see the warning. Unfortunately, although for many people, they will go to see the pure alarm given the sequence of events. This is the part where I have to condemn these people and say they should see them for the story, but I will lie if I do not say that my favorite parts of the Bourne series as a whole are car chases. Chasing the mini-car in the ID is one of my favorite pursuits at all. Well, the work at Ultimatum must be the best in the Bourne series. In fact, the film begins with an action sequence in Moscow. So in the film's duration, we get a lot of heaviness, all very violent and shockingly brutal. Chase for the bikes is very amazing, many foot chases that are more spectacular, chasing an exciting and memorable car, and much more! But the most memorable event for me is the scene at Waterloo Station, and it will not destroy it, but for some reason I have been equipped. <br /> <br /> If any defects in the film? From my point of view, but if you are not a fan of the Bourne series or have not seen the two previous ones, I will not recommend Ultimatum. The film does not try to win any new fans because it adheres to excellence better and only adds more storytelling and sequencing to the top. The Bourne Ultimatum is undoubtedly the best serials and best movies of 2007. As a fan of James Bond, it is a great honor to say that Ultimatum is much better than most Bond films, and trust me a lot for me to say so. Although Bourne as a whole may not be a better advantage than the Bond series, it is almost equal.
