I have never been ashamed to say that most motion movies just do nothing for me. Most of the time, these cars are blatant to blow things up, show exciting models, and throw out any aspect of reality or intelligence from the window. However, the Bourne chain was superb. Doug Lehman launched a new role in action by using a more realistic style of cinema, showing battles with full force and making our Super Spy person whom we can deal with emotionally and humanely. This is not the absurdity of the science fiction that Bond was (before they thoroughly reformed the style of this series no less). There was a lot to worry about when Bourne came out. With director Paul Greengrass taking over, what could have been a used version of the original ended up improving style and appearance. The risk was raised and the story was reinforced. Greengrass must get a great deal of credit to be able to follow up with the latest installment, The Bourne Ultimatum. In what is a great conclusion for a top-tier trio, work is elevated to a new level and stories and performance are never compromised. <br /> <br /> Once again, Bourne is thrown into the minds of the CIA by vague arguments. One person leaked information about a Treadstone upgrade called Blackbriar and once Bourne was located he tried to talk to a news reporter who broke the story, presumed to be a mole. Pamela Landy alone, who was in the case to find him in superiority, knew that he could not be the only one. Born's motivation has always been to stay away from the government and live in peace. It was the CIA that kept him back in the open to sabotage it. What ends with the cold is that Bourne wants to know the source as well as to find out who he really is and what made him deadly. The film then becomes a hunt for time and together to find the source and see if the government can close the breach and tie all loose endings, or whether Bourne can avenge those who took his life from him. In what may be the simplest story of a series, with only one chase lasting the entire story, it may have the greatest number of characters and the handing over of loyalties to expose the corruption that was behind the progress of the full story. This is not at all harmful, because it allows more battles and car chases that operate in the full context of the plot. Admission to this film is worth it to fight the apartment battle, between Bourne and the CIA's second origin, alone. The chase that jumps through the windows in Madrid is wonderful on its own, but when they finally meet, we'll get a 10 minute fight or so we feel like watching any scene you'll see. Also, instead of using a huge car chase as a piece of climatic as in the first two films, instead, we get into three small road races, just as intense, but we are stunned enough not to get into a monotonous motion. <br /> <br /> After five years of waiting, we also discovered the origin of our favorite customer with all heart and feeling. At the end of the film, we will discover what was the cause of all the spying and destruction that took place around it. No one can do it better than Matt Damon. He has a fitness posture to be honest in the sequence of action, but also set to pull intelligence moments and cat and mouse correspondence with those against him. Joan Allen is equally dedicated to her job, but also more than disappointed about what is going on around her after how Brian Cox, one of the first two films, took things in his own hands. Need a role in this mold, we've got a good turn from David Strathairn. Such as Cox, works at the top of the food chain and does not answer anyone when making a decision. Trying to cover up any links to his Blackbriar bosses as much as he tries to do his duty to his country, you can never measure what he will be able to do. Even the kids do a wonderful job, such as Paddy Considine as a reporter starting to leak at the center of everything, Albert Finney as a man from Born's past and perhaps his key, and Edgar Ramirez as a CIA agent for Bourne's release. Ramirez is a nice addition to the role played successfully by Cliff Owen (ID), Carl Urban, and Martin Sucas (supremacy). He does not talk much, if at all, but he has a less mechanical appearance and efficiency, and we hope he gets more roles to show what he can do in his pleasant course at Domino. <br /> <br /> In the end, one must praise Paul Greengrass for continuing to exceed expectations and putting this series in a conclusion based on the success of its predecessors instead of destroying them. His skill in hand-held appearance is striking and has the same kinetic energy as Tony Scott, but without the cuts that cause seizures. Instead of feeling over-productive, using hand-held tools enhances the environment and puts you directly at work. Let us also thank cinematographer Oliver Wood, who filmed the three Bourne films. He was able to work with both managers and work his style in a gentle harmony with them.
