This was basically an attempt to do the same with "Batman" who was with "Gilligan's Island" in "Surviving Gilligan's Island." For those of you who have missed them (and shame!) "Survive on the Island of Gilligan" (full title: "Surviving the Island of Gilligan: The Incredibly Real Story for the Longest Tour of Three Hours in History") was special from a few years ago Bob Dunnver (Gilligan), Don Wells (Mary Anne) and Russell Johnson ("The Professor") linked the story of the creation, cancellation, re-discovery and restoration of the exhibition. Along the way, the stories revolve around representing actors to portray the original crew and crew. I have been doing very well. It was funny, well shot and presented as an authentic document from the show. <br /> <br /> "Back to Batcave: The Disadvantages of Adam and Bert" in a similar fashion. Re-listing the date of presentation, re-enactment, and general feeling are all similar. What is missing is the direct approach of "survival". <br /> <br /> In the movie "Back", Adam West and Bert Ward received invitations to attend a car show they were not supposed to invite. After allowing him to stay, Adam and Eve witnessed the theft of the Axis of the show: the legendary Batmobile! Adam and Bert decided to chase them on their own, and led them through evidence that made them think about the date of the show. This eventually leads to the detection of the stolen Batmobile and why. <br /> <br /> Choosing the use of this scenario (already a conspiracy) is the biggest disappointment in this show. Unlike "survival," the "return" forces the viewer to follow a less interesting story (stealing Batmobile) rather than focusing all his attention on what the audience will be most interested in (the date of the show). Historical sections that work better. Casting (as in "Survival") is excellent. Jack Brower ("Adam West") and Jason Marsden ("Bear Ward") embody the actors' feeling without looking at them * much like them. Brett Rekabi ("Frank Gorshen") has a stronger resemblance to his theme, but does not pick up any of the late Gorshin's charm, but only distinguishes him. The images of other actors are short and practical, none of which is particularly good or bad. She has told many stories before, but mostly plays them in an amusing way, with only the most interesting presentation. Another great part of the historical sections was the use of test footage of the Lyle Waggoner experiment for the Batman segment. The only place where past memories fail is to incorporate plot points that are clearly formed to reinforce the main story. This reduces the accuracy of the flashback unnecessarily. <br /> <br /> "The main plot" (if that is what you should call it) is of course ridiculous. This is not an error in itself, but it is not implemented well enough to cover the shortfall. Strong presentations and good writing can make a silly plot (especially in these kinds of things), but we do not achieve them here. The performances of West Ward seem fairly constant (even for them); the dialogue is written very carefully to feel natural. Again, I think the comparison with "Surviving Gilligan's Island" can be seen in that the dialog box is often just there to set up the flashback. In "Survival", that's all it intends to be. In "return", tries to do a double duty, unfortunately, often fails. Hassan Gorshen and Neumar (although I agree with others that Gorshen did not grow well and that Newmar was - and what does Wagner take to look good?) But were not given enough to do. Again, I think it would have been possible to bring them all better through the most direct presentation of the presentation chosen here. <br /> <br /> There is another weird point about "back". This film revolves around the television series "Batman" and its history, yet all the sections shown are of theatrical film. Even Wagoner footage is technically film footage. If you know that you are a "Pat" date, you know that the movie was initially planned, but it will be delayed for the TV show when CBS needs to fill the time quickly. So when Wagner and West were testing the role, it was the film, not the TV show. Why "back" uses only unclear film footage. It is likely to be rights-related, but it is a distinct distraction for those who are familiar with: Jolie Newmar's vision at the moment, but Lee Miroweather's only Katuman footage in the past. <br /> <br /> In general, I loved the show, mainly for the memories of the past. I used the best method used in "Surviving Gilligan's Island", but I can understand why they want a more story-oriented piece in the light of the subject. Besides, I love these people. It is good to see them and still enjoy one of the most important events in the history of entertainment. I hope they did it a little better, and when the number of original actors was still alive.
