I did not like many TV shows after 1990, but the 70S show is fantastic. I did not see it while running it for the first time, thinking of an exotic piece of time, I was wrong! I started watching the reboot and the more I watched, the more I liked it! Now, this is the first show that appeared after 1990 and which I watch regularly. <br /> <br /> Although the 70S exhibits some of the styles, attitudes, music and tastes of the 1970s, this decade is not affected by going abroad with the references and the 1970s. It contains a lot of funny, intelligent dialogue, presented with confidence and confidence through its main staff to overcome the clichés of the seventies by being just a humorous spirit. Humor is that keeps watching the show forever. <br /> <br /> Although funny, no matter how long the comic is, the singularity of mockery of the seven works for him because it gives the exhibition a distinctive identity. But his focus on global issues (family problems, adolescent anxiety, marital issues, peer pressure), and dealing with them all with a sense of humor, gives the exhibition a collective appeal. <br /> <br /> The exhibition center is one of Eric Foreman (played to the absolute comic perfection by future star Tupier Grace). Eric is a very skinny teenager, eccentric, unattractive, and still wonderful because of the glamorous condemnation of the character. Eric has 5 friends Donna, Hyde, Kelso, Jackie, and Fes (played in a hilarious fashion by Laura Prebon, Danny Masterson, Ashton Kutcher, Mila Kones, Wilmer Valderrama). We get to know life in Point Plus, Wisconsin through the eyes of these six teenagers and boys, do we have a lot to see! Donna, a feminist notebook forward, is the subject of Erik's passion, and these are the core relationships in the show. They became a couple soon after the show began and they were not a boring couple. Most of the presentations at eps end with a meaningful conversation and future, and serve as a great thoughtful cover, which serves as an ideal counter to the previous joy. Hyde is the best friend of Eric and soon moves with the Formans when his mother gives him up; Hyde is mellow, Zen, cool of the group and just sits, observes, and mocks fellow friends with ease. Kelso is one of the group's idiots, and Kutcher plays it to its fullest. It features amazing physical comedy as well as some of the most famous stories and stories of Farhana! Jackie, who began her career as a friend of Kelso, is a self-absorbed start-up who was initially accepted only as part of group B / C in Kelso, but has managed to draw herself to the point where all of them have to accept it. to her! Finally, Fez! Fez is a foreign exchange student from an unknown country (we never know his place exactly) and he is stolen! "I said a good day!" "You are the son of B * CH!" Valderrama is not content with a foreign accent here, since he has no one in fact, and he always has a personality and creates one of the most unique personalities I have ever seen. The moments of theft of his scene often help to make the offer to me. <br /> <br /> The presentation constantly brings us to the minds and thoughts of these characters by engaging imaginative scenes of how they want to visualize or imagine things. The gang is repeated over and over again (mostly on purpose). They constantly play gags on the inhabitants of Point Place as well as each other. They hang around most of the time in Erik's basement for planning, understanding, or just playing around. <br /> <br /> Their prominent appearances are Eric's parents, the threat, the red color, the beloved happy, and the happy-go-lucky Kitty (played prominently by Courtwood Smith and Debra Joe Robb). These two adults give the presentation a mature view that is often needed and constantly condones and advises the six wells. Both Red and Kitty are heavily supported by Donna Donna, Bob the Clown (who played wonderfully for him without Stark the full) and Pemo Bembo Dive Midge (the most exciting Tania Roberts, who was on the show for about half). In addition, for 3 full seasons, Eric's sister was from Lori's hell (brilliantly played by Farah Fawcett-like Lisa Robben Kelly) a great refreshing relief to meet the shenanigans of Main 6 and to be a thorn in Eric and her parents sides! Kelly returned as a personal guest for a few eps season. Unfortunately, Kelly's personal problems led to her being replaced by an awesome new season 6 actress. The novice did not last, fortunately, has disappeared after a few eps of the sixth season! <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, at the end of Season 7 and leaving Topher Grace (Eric) at the start of the eighth season, Ashton Kutcher (Kelso) left the show and never recovered, with the eighth season becoming the last. Grace and Cochlear returned to the final of the series, giving the show a satisfying ending. <br /> <br /> Many supporting personalities and prominent personalities will help sustain the show through nostalgia and humor. Leo's top players (Tommy Chung), Pastor Dave, Roy (great comedian Jim Gaffigan), Big Rhonda, Mitch, Earl, and so on. They also got the legends of Marion Ross (HAPPY DAYS) and Betty White (THE MARY TYLER MOORE SHOW) to play Red and Kitty, respectively. Many of the most famous novels of the 1970s also appeared in appearances, from Shirley Jones (PATRIDGE) to Pamella SRE Martin to Charo to Ted Nugent to K.I.S.S! Extends and continues! <br /> <br /> Thanks to the 70's greetings and references from the last century, the brilliant, fun and funny dialogue and deliveries and the comic style that does not take prisoners in the storytelling, the 70S SHOW classic show is on TV!
