Over the years, we have seen a lot of pseudo-things done by the book when it was on offer to continue no matter the reason, taking into account the "8 Simple Rules" after the death of John Ritter, but this is probably the first time interest has shown. The idea of ​​a "1970s show" without Eric or a lesser degree Kelso is a ridiculous idea. They tried to cover them up with Liu's return and increasingly outrageous story lines, but I always felt the reason for concern when you no longer have a major character anymore. It was not really connected, it was a bunch of irrelevant things that were most of the time not funny. The last season seemed too much for each character, simply because Erik used to take a lot of screen time and now we're smashed in the face by how repetitive the rest of the characters are. Focusing on a gimmick was entirely uninteresting and the character would simply stop working, because the whole deal was saying something strange from outside, and you could not say things from anywhere else on every second line you had. They also brought his standard cousin Oliver, this time he was not just a kid. Whenever I heard someone knocking on the door, I began to pray was not Randy, please do not make him Randy. The deal with Randy was that he was doing terrible jokes, Reid says, smiling like an ass and failing to deliver completely, and Donna would be in stitches. I think more than half of last season was Donna pretending to be amusing. The problems began earlier though: what was once a truly wonderful show in a concept as great as once was not about a dysfunctional family slowly entering the territory of the soap opera. Everyone started to love with everyone, emotional scenes were withdrawn into nausea, with just one lame joke usually put somewhere to divert attention to that we are watching "while the world turns". I think this was a personal development, but come on, it was written almost as morally as moral lessons from "family matters". To be fair, the last episode, because it contained a veil by Topher Grace (a veil in his own presentation), was really good, even if it was not funny either. <br /> <br /> By the way, though, there is more criticism in Season 8: What was Hell with the opening theme? They did not use the same humor only twice (a character does not sing), I fear Fes hell from me. Dude, do not open your eyes to that extent. But the first five seasons or so, among the best comedy ever broadcast.
