How to start a normal day at Point Place, Wisconsin ... <br /> <br /> First of all, Reid, the authoritarian father of the Foreman and World War II family, sits at the kitchen table and reads his newspaper while his wife is overjoyed by Kitty serving breakfast. Then comes their slim son, Erik, sitting at the table too, and his father starts screaming everyday, usually including putting his foot in the back of Eric if (Enter a reason here). If his sister angels encounter Laurie's angels at home, they come, and then Reed stops yelling and talking to her, making Erik feel withdrawn from the family. <br /> <br /> Once this daily (painful) ritual ended, Eric rushed to the basement, where all his friends were already lounging. When we can see them, it becomes clear that Eric and his red-haired girlfriend, our neighbor neighbor and childhood friend Donna Penciotti are the sweetest people. He met Stephen Hyde, the plot's sight who dislikes the disco and does not really care about what exists as long as it's not funny to see it; Michael Kelso, the kind of man who thinks he will only pass through his appearance and that the islands grow in the trees; Jackie Burckhart, In himself as the most beautiful girl around her, a spoiled child of a wealthy father and, of course, an encouraging leader; and Fas, a naive but overly honest foreigner who loves sweets and can not remain a secret. At first, they simply get lost and pick up Kelso and make fun of them, but they all sit in a circle and allow the real pleasure to begin ... before going out to do something they later regret. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, Reid comes out and meets Donna's eccentric cousins, Bob and Midge. It's rude, but they do not mind, because they think he's joking. Somewhere there is Leo, an aging hippie, who constantly feels confused and makes the words run unnoticed. <br /> <br /> Did you imagine that this neighborhood seems calm with all these wonderful characters? Of course, it seems that most of them are "clichéhead", but the show takes Clichy to a new level. Now, throw some of the shortest stories the sitcom can offer, and sit down and enjoy one of the best television programs ever. The person who does the same thing twice is, compared to most of the sitcom that is "very funny", purely hysterical. If you're hooked, do not let this show allow you to leave. Biting on the hook again and again, and a man, you'll see the type of sitcom from a completely new perspective.
