Before I saw this, I was expecting just another modest basic copy of the "Emmanuelle" replica series of Sylvia Kristel. It was really amazing to have this good. It's actually a story, and it's really very romantic. What makes 'Yellow Emanuelle' very good is that they lead the heroine, Chai Lee is beautiful and exotic. She plays her character, Amy Wong gently, so that the viewer must feel something to her when her dreams are shattered around her. Amy Wang is a highly respected doctor and sculptor, with royal quality. It belongs to an important old family, where ancient customs are still practiced. Amy will remain a virgin until she marries a man she has never met. The nice doctor seems OK with this arranged arranged marriage. It is simply how it is done in her world. However, she does not plan to meet and fall in love with the British pilot who ends up under her care at the hospital where she works. Amy decides to get rid of the custom, and she gives herself to her western man. But only after a long period of courtship, because Wong doctor is only an easy woman. Her pilot, George, a good man, is married to Emmy, so as not to lose respect and status in her rigid community. No one counts on a third party, one Ilona Staller, who destroys his relationship through a series of evil games. Amy is forced to believe that her husband has abandoned her, and that he did not play with her except to sleep with her. Its place in society has gone, it has been demolished. The film takes a dramatic and surprisingly dramatic turn, as this elegant, luxurious woman abandons her career, as well as her pleasant relationship with her caring father, and succumbed to a life full of drinking and prostitution. I was surprised to find myself immersed in this tragic story in practice. I was on the edge of my seat when George came back into the city and walked unknowingly to a hotel where Amy was working as a whore! Classical Drama. I imagine that many viewers were a bit frustrated by all this drama. You might expect a lot of sex and nudity here, but not much. And when there is, it is completely untapped and very artistic and soft. If you are a first lover of Emmanuel, with Sylvia Kristel, it is more likely that you will appreciate this, the less famous classic. I was particularly impressed by the extra attention to detail. The whole part where Amy takes George to her parents' house on the island is really lovely. Her father, George, shows his wonderful collection of Bonzai trees. It has a full mini forest built from these amazing trees. Completely unexpected. After watching it on cable TV late at night, I spent a lot of time searching the internet for a copy of the movie. When I finally got it I found that the video version was longer. More sex? No, more melodrama. For the DVD version, there is a sub-chart about George's sudden injury to certain deadly diseases unknown! I actually prefer the cable version better. I am happy that this rare jewel has finally been released on DVD. I must also mention beautiful cinema and exotic soundtrack and attractive. While watching this person, you only feel that you are seeing something very rare and special. I recommend it to viewers who do not need sex and violence to keep their attention.
