I was a stranger (yellow) (a film, near the social rhyme, initially said to be available in two versions, yellow and blue) was one of those great works of art that was the first big bang in Sweden and then a big scandal / cause of fame in the United States when The printout was printed by the Customs and all gold went to the Supreme Court. What is effective in the picture today is not what can be greatly offended by what has been revealed in sex or nudity - the director / actor Vilgot Sjoman depicts the various scenes in a way where there is an occasional abundance of occasional genital warts and genitals, Is always an intellectual expression rather than a very similar one - but it is bold to try a sincere "profile" while giving a real statement about the situation in Sweden. Who would have known such things in a generally peaceful country (usually neutral in foreign affairs and wars) that could be heated politically? At least, this is part of Sagman's goal here. <br /> <br /> Like a film director like Dusan Makavajev with some of his works like WR (if not surreal and distorted) or slightly less than Bertolucci, Sjoman is willing to mix politics and sex (mostly politics and social classes) around her. Central also made a comment on the personal embodiment of the film. The two cases, Lina and Puri, have a hot relationship in the story of the film. Lina is a "curious" socialist who wishes to demonstrate in the street for nonviolence and "trains" in a cabin in the forest. To become a fully functional one, while at the same time perhaps being a stranger to her car salesman friend. While this happens, which in itself is enough for a single film, Sjuman himself and his crew are included from time to time while they are preparing this story in the film (even there is a wonderful stand in the place, as if at a rock concert, address cards are filled during a break in the launch The fire of the crew is, denying the need to use the final credits!) Then with this there is another dynamic full as Sjoman gives real performance, not just "Hey, I'm the filmmaker plays director" bit. <br /> <br /> In the beginning, one may not get this structure and my curiosity (yellow) is just a film in which Lena talks about a documentary film asking questions about their ideas about class and socialism, Spain and Franco, and once we see Lena's father Or by force. It is impressive that many years on the picture can be surprised by the fear of blending drama, documentaries and movies into the film, and even a serious interview with Martin Luther King, Who also works as a semi-Lena expert. The analysis may not always be fully politically coherent, but it does not feel cheated or even with much of the satirical agenda as in Godard; Sjoman's spelling is yet similar to Godard but along another full wave. His clutter is not yet fully loaded with semantics or tricks that can delay the less scenes started. <br /> <br /> If you are curious (yellow) standing as an intellectual institution and a full journey to explore sex in a way that was so captivating and interesting for what is being shown and how satisfied everyone is with the actors, it is not quite successful, I think, as an emotional experience. Where it was Bergman to T With a purely emotional film industry with disassociation trends, Sjoman is more willing to communicate with specific ideas while not always directing very well when the time comes to do great or hidden scenes with actors. Sometimes, this is useful only for actors, Lena Neiman (most of whom are amazing here in a show that asks her to make an ambitious and confused child in a sympathetic and weak person) and Borgi Ahlstit (a great realistic interviewer for the volatile Lina). But 40 years later, It was hard to connect completely with everything that happens in the internal film of Lena and Borje because Sjoman fills it (perhaps deliberately) with the Borchies (Borje has a girlfriend and a child, will he leave her, how will Lena leave her father reconciled) and a cruel tale of his own survival of some kind. <br /> <br /> So far, no matter what flaws Sjman may face, considering that ironically it means being a comment on herself, I'm curious (yellow) clinging beautifully as a technical experience in water testing what can be done in Swedish cinema, or test what it can not be bending for provocative and comedy use. I have gone so far as to say that it is influential, perhaps copied or imitated in more than one way because it is a cult phenomenon at that time (a specific technique used, with the rewriting of the film in the end, echoing the poor use of funny games), and should be seen before Anyone looking to enter into the vanguard industry or the making of descriptive films. If you are not a great technical leap like W.R. Or Last Tango, it will be adjacent.
