In a future society, the military component does not have to be recruited; instead, their candidates are selected at birth and are executed from nurseries and assigned to spend their entire lives in the service of the government. They are handed over to the war machine, the body and the soul, for no reason other than protection and service; they have no personal identity other than name and rank, and have no autonomy at all. This is the fate of those whose fate was predetermined for them in the "Soldier", directed by Paul Anderson and Kurt Russell. The scenario is difficult and grim as the film begins by photographing soldiers' training during periods of progress, from adolescence to adulthood. Russell is the sergeant Todd, the best of the best, and his career as he performs his duties in an exemplary manner in the campaign after the campaign; he was born to be a soldier. But even the best can not last forever, and the day comes when he no longer likes his elite colleagues. We have been creating a new generation of soldiers, genetics and advanced technology, generation generation wishes suddenly out of date. The following is the story of a man who must fight for his life, while struggling to discover his own sense of humanity and individuality, recounts the new soldier who knows only two things his whole life: fear and discipline. Russell offers leading performance like Todd, a soldier who must above all obey orders without question while suppressing all feelings and individual ideas. He has a few lines in this film, but Russell talks about a lot of his eyes. This role illustrates that, in fact, one of the actors that are not appreciated in our time; that it can completely disappear in the personality of Todd is credited with his ability, and in this part, created a completely different person from anyone who has done it before. Todd gave depth and credibility so that it was easier for anyone with less talent to be just a stereotypical and superficial image. Prominent performances are also being made here by Kony Nielsen (Sandra) and Jason Isaac (Col. Miquum). Among the supporting actors are Jason Scott Lee, the unforgettable 607 Sense, one of the new generation of soldiers; Sean Pertoy (Wand); Gary Posey (Chapel of the Captain); Michael Chickles (Jimmy Pige); and Mark Pringleson (Rubrik). Anderson delivered an action film with a message, a cautionary tale that transcends this kind of science fiction. The soldier reminds us of the importance of preserving the humanity of our lives. It's a fun way to make us think about alternatives, like the dark future and the world where good films do not make a big difference. Such as "1984" and "Mad Max", this film, which ultimately amounts, will stop you pause and think about the kind of universe in which we must all live and share. I rate this one 7/10.
