Why do I like the much distorted crime? Why a chuckle or laugh loud Any time I think of dozens of scenes or more of this film? It's hard to explain, but I'll try it. First of all, it's very funny - unlike what you want a lot of "official" reviews of your endorsement. But then again, this depends entirely on your sense of humor, so there is no meaning in the argument about it. Often humor is in dialogue, often a situational comedy. For example, there is this very interesting scene in which the four gang members were lifted up behind the truck. When the farmers drop them, they just stand there on the road, and cover everywhere cow cow or anything. They look nervous (and certainly smell terrible), take at least an indifferent spit to do something about his breathing (simply describe the scene here makes me laugh) Chuck again!). Leading to the second point: representation. Fred Gwin, Le Diamond Phillips, William Ross, Robin Blades and Corinne Berenson (well, the latter sometimes beats it a bit) and plays all of its parts beautifully - in fact, you feel you should also enjoy shooting the movie. Third, there is the plot. Jim Cove, director and screenwriter, is very relaxed; he takes his time to let the plot unfold and make individual characters prove themselves. Often, there is no real action, yet you enjoy these four very different people - who are trying to steal a bank even though their president (Berenson) does not seem to be complaining - grumbling against each other and equally reluctantly. , Like each other. The film is a wonderful parody of the typical bank robbery plot - utterly impossible with all its vicissitudes and synchrony, but utterly convincing in its love of satirical details. By the way, the title of the film is one of the best images I've ever encountered, because it sums up plot plotting in a very ironic way. So, take my advice: Watch this movie, but if you do not laugh, smile or smile during the first 10 minutes, forget it - it's not your movie type. PS. The only negative thing about this movie is that it seems there is no way to get a script - if you happen to know how, tell me.
