I love this movie for several reasons. I have a soft spot of films about complex criminal plots like TOPKAPI. I also enjoy movies (such as TOPKAPI and BIG DEAL ON MADONNA STREET) that fake the genre. One of the best is the crime. <br /> <br /> Corbin Berenson has met with four cons, over the years, and decides that they could all be useful in robbing a planned bank in a small town in Montana. But he did not give details of the crime to colleagues, nor did they know each other at all. Shortly after being sent to him, Birensen was arrested by two New Jersey police officers (Ed O'Neill and Daniel Robock) who fled before and have a note to return. While in custody, the four negatives (Fred Gwynn, Lou Diamond Phillips, Robin Blades and Will Ross) appear to have no idea why they exist except that Princen was planning something. <br /> <br /> The first 20 minutes of the film deal with the four negatives that are slowly getting used to each other. Both Gwyn and Phillips have managed to dispel their own suspicions to see that they have to trust each other. At the same time, we see Pernsen waiting patiently for the right moment to escape from O'Neill and Robock again - not too difficult because they are not the brightest bulbs that ever existed. The result is two sets of conspiracies that will remain close to each other during the film: the four negatives that try to determine the scheme of Prinsen, how to run it, and try to keep his freedom from chasing him and restoring his cabin (and hope to find his gang there to take command). There is also a third and smaller conspiracy involving the growing annoyance and anger of the local Sheriff Hoyt Akston against New Jersey idiots who continue his poetry. <br /> <br /> There are many interesting moments in the film, such as Axton, which O'Neil and Roebuck are staring at, around a house in the town where Bernsen is supposed to be hiding, screaming (through a loudspeaker, "Just for the scene to turn into a huge plain in Montana, Berenson is trying to stumble miles away from him. The police believe that at that moment, there are moments of the adventures of our four negatives, who fortunately put the oldest (Gwyn) This leadership does not always guarantee anything, at one point their car will not start and they have to thumb the trip by truck, and unfortunately it is a truck carrying fertilizer. < <br /> <br /> Conclusion With the bandit successfully carrying out robberies, including disabling all police cars in critical time (Philips specialty is cars) is also a jewel of timing and amazing results and comedy. The movie is very enjoyable and definitely worth watching.
