I first saw this film when I was about 10 years old. Unfortunately I could not see it until the end because it was broadcast late at night. I bought it on DVD now because I remember being impressed with it. <br /> <br /> This is not a normal film. It contains some elements of horror but I classify it as a fantasy. I liked it but I hoped the scenes were more terrifying and scary. Especially the scene in which Anna's father comes to the paper office he is trying to kill, is a bit short. <br /> <br /> Now to the plot. This film revolves around a little girl named Anna who gets sick. While she is sick and has to lie on her bed because of her high height, she tends to finish drawing for a home - paper. When a sleep falls, often happens strangely instantly, you find yourself near the house in a large green field. She realizes that the house looks exactly like the house she drew and that all the new details are also in her dreams. One day, a boy is dragged into the house to be able to talk to him. When you forget to pull his legs (because he sits behind the window) the boy can not walk. Later, the doctor told her, that the boy also suffers from this strange disease, and she realizes that with the boy she painted, she also got this boy in her troublesome dreams. She also noted that it was difficult for her to wake up from her dreams. Because she lacks her father who is abroad, she brings her father home. She made a mistake and her father seemed very angry at the painting. Trying to get him out of his place but realizing that she can not change anything that has already been drawn. The next time he falls asleep, terror begins. Her father was mad and blind (because he was painting his head on himself "invalid") and trying to get into the paper and killed Anna and his friend. Her dreams became a nightmare. They managed to escape and killed her father and Anna could finally wake up. Second I find herself in the hospital where her parents sit by her bed. Doctors think they fell into a coma or so. They tell Anna that the other boy is dead and that they want to travel to the ocean to overcome these tragic events. Anna draws a watch tower and notes that the same watchtower can be found near the hotel they have traveled to. She works to the watchtower and meets the boy (I do not remember his name because I can not remember him and I do not want to go back to the previous HTML page) and can say goodbye to him and forget those terrible dreams forever. There was little I did not understand in the film. First of all, the end was totally hateful. I think it is very long while the main part of the film becomes very short. How does a boy fly a helicopter and talk to Anna because he is supposed to be dead? Why did you have to put such a stupid radio on the wall? I hated this scene was too stupid for me. The scene almost destroyed the main horror. <br /> <br /> The things I liked were the scene with Anna's father, who was the first scary scene and real horror. I liked the boy the actor was fantastic. It was better than I was. I also liked how Anna tries to get her father out of the painting while she is asleep and how to look for her in the trash. <br /> <br /> Overall a good movie. Give it 8 out of 10.
