My name is John Mourby and this is my story about Paperhouse: In May 2003, I saw the psychic Alfred Hitchcock, I was so scared and very upset. The frenzied search for a movie was just as scary. But nothing satisfactory. He was among those who tried and failed "The Birds", Night of the Dead, "The Silence of the Lambs", The Blair Witch Project, Ring, The Eiffel Mitt, The Six Saints, 28 Days, Texas Massacre, Halloween, Near Darkness, Foreigner, Tom Peeping, dungeon, baby Rosemary, do not look now, General Wishfinder, Friday the 13th and Omen. You must confirm that I was desperate! After a long pause of research, I met the Paperhouse ????. <br /> <br /> Paperhouse is based on my favorite book, Marianne Dreams. Paperhouse also came in some books I found in horror films, but they did not tell me the connection between books and movies. I discovered the truth while I was online, I bought the film later that day. <br /> <br /> I thought that Paperhouse would not be loyal to the book and boring. Uncertain was definitely but certainly boring not. The answer to my prayer was renamed Marianne Anna in the film but most of the original story is the same. One day at school, Anna paints a house in her scrapbook (nothing wonderful about it), gets sick and every time she frightens or falls asleep she finds herself outside a creepy old house (I mean, it's really annoying). You also find it every time you put something new into the drawing, appearing in Dream World, EG Apple Tree. Anna attracts to the world of dreams a sad boy named Mark seems to be a real world person. Mark is paralysis but wants to leave the house. Anna is attracted to a beacon (place to go), but the problem is still a sign that she can not walk. So Anna decided to attract her father. She gets out her pen and gets too much work, but the result is distorted and especially unnerving. Quote "He looks like a fool." So Anna tries to rub it and start over again, but it proves that the pen is indelible (that means it can not rub anything). Then I lose her nerves and distort the eyes of her father! I also leave you to discover for yourself the terrible consequences of reckless movement. <br /> <br /> Really, Paperhouse is the British response to a nightmare on Elm Street! This movie has left me shocked and upset. But I found what I was looking for after two years. The question is how dose compared to psychological? Answer, 1 dark old house, 2 parents psychological concerns, 3 genuine shock, 4 and very scary music.
