Anna (Charlotte Burke) suffers from a strange fever that makes her die and transform into a world of her own creation. A grim scientist with a sad little boy as a resident of an old house in the middle of a single field. Lacks details, just like any child drawing the house and its inhabitants Mark (who can not walk because I have not painted any legs) are the inhabitants of this disinfectant world. Anna begins to visit the boy, and the house repeatedly tries to determine what is trying to save the boy. At the same time, the fever tries to make it hard for her to wake up every time, not only killing her but killing her. And Mark there forever. <br /> <br /> Wow! Is a good word to sum up Bernard Rose's poignant and poetical Paperhouse. A film so simple that it is impossible to explain and impossible to forget. Although you may find this puppy in your horror section it is nothing else. She is more than a serious imagination, expertly directed, and acted exceptionally well by the cast, especially Charlotte Burke and Elliott Spears (Mark). However, it is not a children's film either, but it aims to make us remember those worn-out days that are now dark memories. Rose creates a rich texture of moods that create an exciting background for the great story and the great actors to play with. Paperhouse keeps away from trying to explain that it is the most astounding qualities and leaves most things to the imagination of viewers. There is a lot of symbolism and ambiguity here to sink your teeth in. Paperhouse enjoys playing games with viewers' thinking, giving you a sense of logic. When the story unfolded, I was amazed over and over again by the power of the film that managed to reach the end that left a smile on my face and tears in my eyes. <br /> <br /> Bernard Rose's photos are wonderful here. It is capable of creating a dark, unobtrusive atmosphere that seems simple on the surface, but as a whole much larger than the sum of its parts. The representation is from Charlotte Burke in this, her debut feature, is also really impressive. Unfortunately, the screen has not been soft since. The Burnout Central award that you deserve so much seems appropriate for this performance only. Near the end, the film lags a bit here and there, but I was able to easily overlook it. I wished they had taken a darker turn and created a much stronger conclusion that would have proved to be more troubling and truly stable in the past. The film as it is, is still one of the books and deserves to be seen by any serious film lover. It is a poetic journey narrated through innocent eyes of a child, a powerful film with much to think about and much more praiseworthy.
