I miss Vestron, and certainly their finger was on the pulse of the unique and unusual cinema of the 1980s. This is very clear in the stunning film Paperhouse, a film that touches me deeply every time I see it. <br /> <br /> The idea of ​​a girl manipulating the world of dreams with her drawings (and thus the world of dreams is manipulating reality), and also connecting with the life of a child she has never met and its impact on, is wonderful and never disappoints. Charlotte Burke is initially very early, but you get ready for it because you are a harmful child, it is difficult for adults to believe what they are experiencing. She became very self-conscious and very powerful until the end, until she found that she did not "hate boys" as she claimed defiantly at first. Through this, we have been dealing with moving moments and very frightening moments, all of which are very visually stunning by Hans Zimmer. I am very proud to be the owner of the soundtrack on CD when it was released in the USA on RCA Victor. At the time of this writing, there was no DVD from Paperhouse available yet in the United States (just in Europe), and I hope that one of my wishes will come true because I really cherish this beautiful movie and have a very welcome DVD! <br /> <br /> It's good to see a girl thinking about her thoughts like a puzzle game trying to make the dream world work for her and her new friend Mark Elliot Spiers. Charlotte Burke and Elliott Spears are doing a great job all the time, and I find an opening comment on Amazon.com about being a very confusing actor - I found that every aspect of Paperhouse is delightful. Even in the simple scenes of glittering such as when Charlotte and the girl stare at each other through the glass door, they are very strong. <br /> <br /> You do not have to be a kind of joint to enjoy Paperhouse, just be a person who enjoys a film that catches up and wants more. There is enough in this film to invite frequent scenes and I am still in a state of horror from the movies and groups. For me, I do not like to see the same movie twice, there are a lot of details to be absorbed and tasted. Very emotional experience indeed. <br /> <br /> While there are many movies that I adore, there are only a few films that evoke a great emotional bond: movies like Paperhouse, Static, Resurrection, and Donnie Darko. When I see a lot of things going through like movies that can be easily forgotten and in bargaining boxes, all I have to do is watch Paperhouse and renew my faith in telling wonderful stories.
