This film opened for bad performances in the first few weeks. Then Mina Kumari died and the crowd came to a large crowd. Songs were played on All India Radio, especially Inhi LogoN ne, to the point that I was tired of them at that time, despite the recognition of its beauty! <br /> <br /> Yes, it took all those years. The reason was that the marriage was not very happy, Kamal Amrohi also encountered difficulty finding money to make the film; looking at the sumptuous fashion collections, not surprising! Omar Mina Kumari is not confined to his illness but listens to the voice of Lata. Inhi logoN ne has a smaller voice in its 50s, while re-recorded songs such as Chalo dildar chalo show a clear development. I just want someone to find songs by Ghulam Mohammed that are not included in the film, because of changing fashions that require fewer songs that publish a little bit and publish them. In a recent interview (2007), Lata rated Ghulam Mohammed as one of the best composers she worked with, apart from Madan Mohan (a great personal friend). Also note that you hardly see actors at all in the songs of Chalo dildar, which is very unusual. There is only a short shot of Raj Kumar from an intermediate distance and only sees the supposed back of Mina Kumari. Kamal Amrohi presented a virtue and focused on the stars and the moon. In any other film, this song contained close-ups of each. <br /> <br /> As for being the best film of all, I beg for disagreement. This means that you've missed a lot of Indian cinema, in any particular arrangement, such as Barsaat (old), Devdas (Old Versions), Bandini, Do Bigha Zameen, Garam Hava, Dastak, Guddi, Aan, Pyasa, Kagaz ke Phool, Sahib Bibi aur Ghulam, Kabuliwallah, Abhimaan, Guide, Sujatha, Bombay ka Babu, Daag, Parineeta (old), Umrao Jaan, etc. etc. And if you appreciate the music more than a story, the menu will simply grow with beautiful dozens of Barsat Ki Raat to Naya Daur, Teesri Manzil, Mahal, Aag, Jugnu, Anand, Mera Naam Joker: The menu is truly endless! <br /> <br /> So enjoy Pakeezah but do not miss any of the above.
