Gilo's first feature of Emilio Miraglia, The Night Evelyn Came Out of the Grave, was a great combination of Gothic horror - and Gothic horror - and this second best film! We got more by Giallo from the equation this time, although Miraglia does not lose the Gothic horror heroes that made the previous movie such a delight. Miraglia focuses more on the precise details of the scheme this time, and as a result is the typical Giallo maze, where characters are thrown everywhere and red herring titles every few minutes. This is a specific bonus for the film, although it may be confusing at times; there is always enough to raise public interest and better recount the stories of Miraglia since his previous film. The plot begins with a scene where two young girls fight, before their grandfather tells them the myth behind a misty plate in their bowl. The legend revolves around a woman called the "Red Queen" from which the legend comes from every 100 years and kills seven people. A few years later, the killings begin ... <br /> <br /> Although he has only two generations, Miraglia has his own set of greetings. It is clear that red color is important to him, because he is very strong in both films; he seems to have something against women called Evelyn. He loves castles, gothic atmosphere and elegant murders as well - and that's good for me! It may not be Miraglia Argentino when it comes to bloodshed, but he certainly knows how to drop the violent murder in his film; here we have delights involving the Volkswagen beetle, and death on the iron fence which is one of the scenes of Giallo's favorite death at all. The female side of the cast is excellent with the amazing Barbara Bouchet and Marina Malfatti tops a wonderful group of ladies who are not afraid to undress! Bruno Nikolay's degree is a compliment, and although it is not characterized by many of the narcotic rocks heard in The Night Evelyn Came Out of the Grave, the film fits well. The end is something of a collapse, as if the Miraglia rotates in its Gothic atmosphere, but it is more rushed than being a little hasty and the identity of the murderer is very clear. However, this is Giallo amusing and fun and I highly recommend to fans of this genre!
