Finally - I finally finished it and succeeded in seeing a "clean" copy of Pakeezah! So far, I have only had a frantic version of the tricks that were recorded on Dubai TV sometime in the 1990s, with strange English translations, stunning broad coverage and bright colors with their own consideration. After thinking about a poor (and short) version of the world, I find that the decent version was worth the wait and 140 minutes fuller than the happiness I thought was possible. <br /> <br /> This was the beautiful film Mina Kumari from start to finish, I think she was planned from 1958 onward and finally realized that it was in 1971. What a shame that her alcoholism was finally killed shortly afterwards, In fact she was very ill for her performance of some scenes in Pakeezah, which necessitated doubling the body. In some scenes, the tension appears in her face. <br /> <br /> The story of Purity vs. adversity that I can only treat as a fantasy and have no experience in anything close to her, but I realized that she understood it faithfully depicts a world that is now gone and which had to be common at the same time in India . It is a vibrant and colorful film with an uncompromising simple epic message, and a romantic tragedy well condensed simultaneously also good. But for me, it is the unmatched gold music written by Ghulam Mohammed, which was immortalized by the incomparable Lata Mangishkar - especially Thary Rahio - and her role in revealing the story that makes this film so wonderful. Rarely have I heard such a serious, beautiful and poetic, wondrously sang and played songs on any soundtrack of films. Singin 'in The Rain may be my favorite musical film but Pakeezah has my favorite music - yet Lata said that the songs themselves do not mean anything of their own. The only pity is that the unique Mohammed Rafi had the only song here, though a classic duet with Lata. <br /> <br /> Because of all this but not blindly about his mistakes, the Pakeezah is my favorite Indian film, filmed at a time when the sultry of India was gathering and watching now when Western values ​​seemed to be sponsored by de rigeur state. At least he saw Pakeezah to taste what he had on Indian pop music to offer to the world before he gave up drums, Bollywood Beat and bhangra.
