Fever Pitch contains many of the cliches we've reached with Hollywood's romantic comedy: a relationship between two people with little in common, the secret that he was hiding, the inevitable break, and the audience itself? Well, I will not go any further but you get the picture. Although predictable, it works, especially if you love baseball as I do, although I'm not as obsessed as Ben Reitman, a Boston teacher who plays comedy Saturday Night Live. Jimmy Fallon. <br /> <br /> Inspired by a novel by Nick Hornby for veteran screenwriter Will Ganz and Pablo Mandel, he was among the Boston Red Sox fans whose uncle gave him seasonal tickets when he was seven and was emotionally stuck at that stage. Life at the expense of his relations with women. Ben is not just a fan but a "fanatic" who travels to Fort Myers, Florida every winter to attend the Red Sox Spring Training and miss a home game at all during the regular season. His family is not made up of parents or siblings, but teammates who attend every match with him and his bedroom are not a place to sleep, but the Red Sox Museum to visit. <br /> <br /> When he goes to business adviser Lindsay Mix (Drew Barrymore), threatened to grow up, but Ben is not quite ready to do so. He preferred to attend the Yankee series instead of going with her to Baltimore to meet her parents or go to Paris with her and miss the Anaheim series. His relationship is about to dissolve, to stop and reflect on his priorities, especially when Dr Phil Wanabe asks him in a small size, "Do you like Red Sox, but did I love you again?" While the premise of the game of Fever Pitch is that some things are more important than baseball (perish of thought), you will never know the way things appear. Of course, for anyone familiar with the history of Boston Red Sox, it's a team that will break the hearts of its most passionate fans - but this is 2004, the year the Bambino curse ended and with Red Sox moving to a new level, Himself. Both leading performances are excellent, and the Farrelly brothers run a huge gap. Although Fever Pitch will never make a mistake in being a technical film, it is fun and pleasure that should fall as one of my guilty pleasures. Go Blue Jays!
