Clint Tolinger arrives at a small town looking for his scattered wife and his daughter's news, so he finds it, the chance of any kind of reconciliation is very slim. While here, Sharif and the town's important people learn about Tolinger's reputation as a medical tamer in a town. Because they live in fear of the mysterious landowner who is gradually stripping the town, they are meeting to choose Tollinger to rid the city of its hateful elements. <br /> <br /> Man With The Gun seems to be either a forgotten or largely invisible piece, at the time of writing this article, contains just over 200 votes and 9 frivolous user comments written for it. It is shameful in any of the ratings because although the production values ​​scream that this is a Western B movie, this is a good entry in the Western genre. The piece takes a fairly standard theme for a planned city turning into a dark angel avenger, probably the film has not done any preferences over the years, I read my own film summary and I thought it was just another theme theme similar to the pictures. However, I was pleasantly surprised to find a dark dramatic picture that enjoyed many interesting moments, both technically and as a working story. <br /> <br /> Robert Mitchum is at the forefront of Tollinger, casting an ideal look, stepping through the picture like some hugs threat. We often talk about being on screen who had John Wayne and Charlton Heston (justifying that of course), Mitchum exists with their best. One of the sequences here sees him standing in the shade at the back of the room during the meeting, not seeing his face, but we can feel that the pierced broom is staring at us! The rest of the actors are also in the shadow of Mitchum, so in fact only with the big guy that films that represent high credentials, it may be unfair to exclude Ted de Kursia for a kick, but Man With The Gun's failures are simple. With the bad guys, unfortunately de Corsia lacks any kind of villain risk. The result from Alex North has excellent layers (Spartacus fans will certainly raise their ears) and cinematography from Lee Garmes is very impressive when one realizes that most of this picture has been shot on a lot of studio. The film "The Man With The Gun," directed and co-directed by Richard Wilson, the first director of the film, releases some surprises in this genre, but it is dark in tone and violent and above all, can be seen very much. 7.5 / 10
