As it has already been put, the best version ever of Homer's epic. A full shot in natural places in the Mediterranean Sea. The sea and blue sky are striking, and the islands are green and untouched. Clothes of linen, wool, fur, stone and bare settings, everything is rather rugged and primitive, something you'll find a little in Cacoyannis or Pasolini movies, which makes it more authentic. Although the story is based on myths and is widely spread in the supernatural, it gives us a good idea of ​​what life could be in the tenth century BC. <br /> <br /> The rhythm is somewhat slow, but the austerity is all so beautiful that you get it quickly. In fact, it is surprisingly close to the original conspiracy by Homer, if not the same text. Ulysses does not appear until the first hour, focusing on the beginning of his son who takes care of him. Then suddenly he is lost in a storm, landing on the island of Feschian where the royal family is concerned. His adventures are listed in the flashback as a novel for his hosts: the terrifying giant, the magical world of sarcasm, underworld, sirens, and so on. He finally returned to his native Ithaca 20 years later, and all this ended with the death of his loyal wife Penelope. <br /> <br /> As a story, Odyssey is an unrivaled metaphor for man's life struggles. The cast is fantastic and international here. Eren Pappas gives us a typical Greek-style performance such as Penelope, but surprisingly the Albanian actor Beckham Fahmyou Kaulis. Really good-looking and quite convincing, it seems that the role really has been for him. Strangely, the roles of this dimension are not yet presented. Nausicaa also plays with Barbara Bach (like Barbara Gregorini), who later became known as James Bond in The Spy Who Loved Me, and Athena is Michele Breton, best known for the strange film Mick Jagger. <br /> <br /> Like 35 years ago, the series was in fact a major innovation at the time, as it was the first large European co-production of television (Italy, France, Germany and Yugoslavia). I have seen this mini-series in 8 parts on French television since 1974. I was young at the time, and although it was all black and white, it left a very sharp impression. Throughout my life I was wondering if I would get a chance to see it again, since it was not shown on French TV later. <br /> <br /> I recently found a copy on DVD (all in great colors) through the internet. It is unfortunately in Italian only without translation, although there are French and German versions at the time. I have never heard that there is any English version of this film because it is widely unknown in the Anglo-Saxon world, which is a disgrace. If you get a chance to see it, you'll never forget it. <br /> <br /> There were not many versions of Odyssey before or after that. The song by Camerini in 1955 from Kirk Douglas is a classic game of sword and sandalwood like the Ten Commandments, but it is not very impressive and short for this complex story. The film produced by Kunchowski in 1997 is a bitter Hollywood movie, based on special effects, sometimes very impressive, acting very badly and fearing the story of Homer and his atmosphere.
