After just finishing Cronicles of the Heroic Knight just minutes ago, I find myself very happy, but questions are still on the horizon. While the first seven episodes or so appear to be in fact an account of the events of the first record of the Ludos war, the truth is that they are not. It seems that the creator of CotHK had a different vision of how the origin would end (and this may be the reason for the first seven episodes) but I do not find this to be the case. CotHK says it begins five years after the hero war that Barne was part of. I think the director presented the first five episodes very much like the original extract just to give the viewer a small reminder and an introduction to the characters and his works are performed because they appear less after the appearance of the series in the story of Spark. Now, as soon as the series begins in Spark's part, we find ourselves kicked for another 10 years (15 years since the Heroes' War). In some cases, Spark and his crew resemble Barne and his crew as soon as the journey begins, especially the love story brewing between Spark and Nice. I also thought several times in CotHK that I was thrown into the original series, and if it was not about the long blue Spark hair, I know I would have to stop clicking more than once to make sure there is the correct disc. Consider these major setbacks but the writers did a good job in crafting believable characters and a wonderful story. The only thing that makes me feel hurt is the return of Ashram and Wagnard. Um ... how ?? Do not get me wrong, both of them are great bad guys though the only deceitful ashram feature is that it supports Marmo. Maybe I missed something during the coarse chain that made that part clear. As far as sequel go though, I highly recommend CotHK. I put Kothak, and most of all, the original record of the Ludos War is much higher than the Lord of the Rings trilogy. They are both more epic than anything I have ever seen or read. I highly recommend this.
