No, this is not a sequel to the brilliant OVA series; it is a remake of the events that occurred after the death of Ghim (and the disappearance of Woodchuck). It is also more accurate for the novels that inspired this remarkable series, and that is why the characters are reintroduced (ie, Orson and Sheris), and why the story may look slightly different from that used in OVA. (The brochure in the collection provides excellent answers to such questions, as do various websites.) The first eight episodes of this 27-part television series focus on the ominous battle in Dragon Demon's Mountain. The remaining 19 episodes have identified Spark, the blue-haired knight who parallels Parn, and his wrong team of professionals trying to stop Dark Wizard Wagnard from reviving Kardis the Destroyer. <br /> <br /> It's not the equivalent of the original LODOSS WAR (we all love the end where Pagn Deedlit saves Wagnard, does not it?), watching this TV is still very fun for fantasy fans. Even if the animation is limited (and down from the first LODOSS series), this 27-part series has its attractive elements. The full characters, the compelling story, the magic, the romance, and the wonderful soundtrack recorded by Kaoru Wada of NINJA SCROLL all give this unequal set some punch. <br /> <br /> While OVA from LODOSS has been criticized for one reason or another, I have loved it in general and still consider it one of my favorites. So I had great hopes that Cronnels would describe him, which he made in 1999-2000. For the most part, the LODOSS TV English track is of acceptable quality (if not astral); however, it has its share of problems. Many original actors who made their English voices come back to LODOSS characters (including Lisa Ortiz as Deedlit!), A nice bonus. On the other hand, the mature sound of Billy Reagan is more mature. He did not do a bad job, but his voice was said to be moments from the first eight episodes (causing some anti-disc fans to immediately dissolve), but by the time Spark and Co took the stage, they found it less annoying. (I do not know if the reason is that it improved or it just grew on me.) Also, not everyone returns from OAV dub. Jayce Reeves only sounds Wagnard (horribly) for one episode; he was replaced by Pete Zarustica for the entire show, which offers a rough turn, but it still hurts the malice (plus the expected wicked laugh). On the other hand, Katio Anthony Cruz suffers from extreme fatigue and takes about five episodes or so to find his pace. Oliver Gregory may be the most effective actor, especially during his recent drama. <br /> <br /> Regardless of Lisa Ortiz (Didelit), Karen Smith (Sheres), John Knox (Ashram), and Mascari (Slain), the best Dup sounds come from some of the newer characters, including Crispin Freeman (Who are expressing the Beirutis in the OAV but also their voices) Reina with weakness and calm as well as Carla (especially Angora Depp (who steals each scene she is in a half-sprite paper), and Rocksan Peck (Little Niiz) . The rest of the cast is not in any way awful, but a bit more uneven than what OAV describes. Some are fine (Aldonova, Greevus) while others are weak (Hobb, palace guards, dragons, etc.) and some of them were appalled (in particular, Prince Prince Reona's VA is very cruel and monotonous to the justice fighter). <br /> <br /> In fact, the lack of audio continuity (some cast members get new sounds for some unspecified reason while we get to some subsequent episodes) is one of the dubbing problems. Other programs include a less privileged dialogue, an awkward puzzle, an uneven synchronization, and finally (I apologize in advance to those who like it) of the LODOSS ISLAND sectors. These super-distorted anomalies at the end of each loop will either make you jump or jump. Admittedly, I found them at first a great annoyance, but they grew a bit after a while. (Besides, there are some blatantly cheerful lines such as "I'm King Kashue, that's my CASHEW! I'm really OK!") These flaws are arranged for the Chronicles book just a little less than that for OVA, The unequal English path summarizes better as "OK". <br /> <br /> If one wonders if the Japanese language course is a favorite listening option, well, guess what? The Japanese version has good points and bad ones. While some voices are less disturbing than the English course, they found that others are less attractive than their counterparts in English (in particular, the actress that plays the role of Deedlit is not as good as Lisa Ortiz or Tomma's daily). In addition, I would like to recall that Japanese representatives are not the same. Because the series is made seven years after the original, all but one of the cast members (Sho Hayami) are replaced with new ones. Although they did a good job respectably, it could be a big inconvenience to those who are accustomed to the Japanese OVA team. Shows that not everything in Japanese is better than English, eh? Despite its flaws, the records of heroes days are still a wonderful series worth catching. It is not free of hard spots and does not always amount to the past, yet there are enough good points to face the bad, making this anemia fairly fun.
