In terms of arts, the 1970s were a very turbulent era. In literature and visual arts, the closure of a large period of fifty or sixty years of creativity has not yet resumed. In music, a decade was considered by many to be a low point, due to rock music and disco. On the television, it was a golden age for the comedy scene, from The Odd Couple to Mary Tyler Moore Show to M * A * S * H ​​to All In The Family, but in the film, it was a more creative period, American directors such as Robert Altman, Francis Coppola and Martin Scorsese have emerged from the ashes of the old studio systems that have dominated Hollywood for more than half a century. These directors wanted to craft the reading and writing of the arts of the masses, the kind that had been the staple food in Europe since the end of World War II. However, the studios were trying to keep up with this, through socially conscious films of a genre not seen since the 1930s. <br /> <br /> Unlike the 1930s films, actors such as Jimmy Cany and John Garfield (usually participated in the "Children of the Dead" series), who dealt with social issues in a real, courageous, or realistic way as much as one could On the stage, social consciousness was evident in the late 1960s and early 1970s in science fiction films, allowing the left wing of Hollywood to preach to the masses under the guise of more than just comic entertainment. In the fifties the spirit of the political age of McCarthy, most notably "Earth Day no "Still in the early 1960s, Rod Searling witnessed a steady rupture of conservative politics at the time by bringing social issues into the science fiction settings of his program The Twilight Zone. This time was the quiet, ecologically sensitive running, George Lucas I THX 1138, which dealt with consumerism, group thought and existentialism; and Logan Ren, who had moved away from communism and state control in exchange for individual rights. Some references in the film are too heavy and dodgy from the current Arab oil crisis and rampant inflation. A small amount of strawberries cost $ 150. Soylent's varied Soylent Yellow, Soylent Red, and Soylent Green, which are made of "best under-sea growth," specialize in a way that is no different from gas rationing at the time. Scenes of food riots are strange echoes of the oil riots in many gas stations during the film's release year, and scenes of overcrowding, bodies, living and dead, lying around are still chilling. A subsequent film like Escape From New York is a clear offspring. The rest of the text, by Stanley R. Greenberg, he is fairly pedestrian, and fairly standard for the shady flick, but Fleischer and cinematographer Richard H. Klein is doing a great job in full screen with pictures and interesting sounds. Things are up. The use of soft, dimly lit and vaguely filtered images adds a Stijian feel to New York from the film, as if it were an almost colored version of Karl Theodore Dreyer's Vampire. The only light in the film comes from artificial sources, and if not for fashion design, it seems that the film never seems to be good for eternity. <br /> <br /> The end of the film, where Thorne is sneaking into the processing plant where the human is made, makes the bodies in Soylent Green chips, both chilling and less dramatic. In the end, Soylent's disciples collided with Thorn, but he survived long enough to express the motto of the film to Chief Hatcher. However, one does not know if that is enough, Hatcher has already been selected, and has a track record of getting out easily. However, this fact, and its ambiguity, illustrates that the film does not summarize the dilemmas of its characters, and it has a later depth, better films, science fiction, or non-existence. That is why Soylent Green is still a movie worth watching.
