Document documentation. This is one way to describe keeping the river on your right: the story of a modern meatsman. The film follows the world of anthropologist Tobias Schnippum, who in his late 70s went on a trip to the places he had spent as a field researcher for more than 40 years, first to West Papua and Peru. Tobias is a complete figure: a Jewish artist of gay anthropologists looking for a living on a cruise ship to teach tourists looking for cultures that have become deeply respected and understood. He has written several books that document his time with Ismat in West Papua and the Amazonian people of Peruvian cannibals. He has been hunting Tobias for what happened in his time in these places and how he became his intimate relationship and relationships. However, the constant wonder of Tobias and his appreciation of the places you know is impressive and a real pleasure to watch. One can only hope to achieve and maintain such humility at all. <br /> <br /> Tobias makes a compelling case for study as the experiences he experienced in immersing himself in these two tribal communities leave him radically changed. This film challenges the concepts of morality and "nature" - for example nudity, homosexuality, cannibalism. (Watch the scene of circumcision cartoons). When asked why he was involved in some local practices that others morally condemn, he asks his non-judicial nature: "Why not?" Who says that the way other cultures are true or false? This little sleeper is a must-see for not only National Geographic types, but also interested in the art of documentary filmmaking. This movie shows what you can do with video. The editing provides a quiet revelation about the life of Tobias making you see the charm. Sometimes desperate to be pushed by the film crew to return to an emotional journey, especially given his age and physical weakness. We can not help but be grateful that Tobias has allowed the tables to run on himself and may be sympathetic to the desire to understand humanity and the place of the individual in the world. The filmmakers offer some moments of critical balance. For example, they offer an anthropologist who believes that Tobias has already set his own conclusions (on homosexuality in this case) based on his personal interests. However, you can not decide when you should stop the shock and when you take this man home to hug. Moving on the Queen River, this is the best river trip I have ever taken.
