WORLD SCIENCE SCIENCE SCIENCE OF 1973 SOYLENT GREEN is what we can see if we are not careful. It is a world where the population of New York City surpassed the 40 million mark in 2022. Population overcrowding, air pollution, heatwaves of a year, and food shortages are the norm. The only hope comes from a food product called Soylent Green. But what are these particular foods really made? This question is at the heart of this film, which is still somewhat dated but intriguing, based on Harry Harrison's 1966 novel "Make Room! Make Room!" Charlton Heston plays Thor, a New York police investigator, who has been killed by a senior executive (Joseph Cotten). As it turns out, Koten was on the board of Soylent, the people responsible for all those foods that people should consume rather than the real thing. Heston believed that this was not just a variety murder in the garden, it was collided with two cottons for some reason. He got a lot of help from his somewhat evil but very clever "book" (Edward J. Robinson, in his eleventh and final film), and a few timely reminders of what the world was like. What Robinson discovers about Suelent Green shocks him beyond imagination. But before he tells him everything he knows, he euthanasia himself. And when Heiston already discovers the secret of Soylent Green ... Well, this part has been immortalized in film history. <br /> <br /> Under the very professional guidance of Richard Fleischer (The Boston Strangler, VOYAGE), SOYLENT GREEN is a somewhat bleak but fascinating reflection of the future of Dystopian that humanity may live if we do not limit our tendency to strip our planet Of its natural resources. In fact, this was a project that Heiston himself had been imagining since 1968, having obtained gold in this type of science fiction with the PLANET OF THE APES - a fact that is likely to be lost whenever he is conservative. Political philosophy comes in a conversation ( After all, SOYLENT GREEN is hardly a channel for unrestricted capitalism). Robinson, as always, is a prominent professional in his last role; the sequence where euthanasia is (he looks at the video of the world of the best era, the music of Tchaikovsky, Beethoven, and Greg) is simply tragic. The film also benefits from strong support from Chuck Connors (as a very convincing leader), Brock Peters (as president of Houston) and Lee Taylor-Young as the woman trying to help Heston in his inquiries. <br /> <br /> These days it should seem easy to exclude SOYLENT GREEN because it is dated. But those who do it have to think twice. Because the world of this film may end up becoming our world in reality if we do not see what we do with what we have today.
