As with all environmental-conscious films of the 1970s, SOYLENT GREEN has a somewhat cheesy look on what environmental collapse is. Overpopulation means there are a lot of people to feed them? I was impressed that famines were caused either by war or by failed economic policies. Stalin's Soviet policy in the 1930s left millions of people dead due to famine. To this day, the greatest man-made tragedy was Mao's rural policy in China, which killed more than 30 million people in the 1950s. Let us not forget the major famines of the Horn of Africa in the 1980s and 1990s that were linked to conflicts and not to overcrowding. You may also wish to consider that two of the most densely populated areas on Earth, namely Hong Kong and Macao, have not suffered from any famine in modern times. Similarly, the expansion of urban shantytowns as described here is not due largely to overcrowding - it is due to economic factors where people flock to cities to find better-paying work than the countryside (symptoms of industrial progress - not too many births) ) So the image of the streets of New York City so crowded you can not walk and sleep on the stairs is somewhat laughable <br /> <br /> But do not be fooled into believing that SOYLENT GREEN is a pile of graceful tree hugging crap because I consider this film the best movie In the 1970s. He plays the knowledge of the modern world audience, where Sol and Thorn are happily found in fruit, brandy and fresh meat. A fork throws in the astonishment of having snow in whiskey, puffs on a cigarette and offers the classic line "If I could afford it, I'd smoke two, maybe three of these a day." But this is the facade of the euthanasia room that is unforgettable when Thorne stares at wild animals, flowers, running water and snow-capped mountains, a generation unknown to Thorne. This very disturbing scene makes the GREEN SOYLENT a very memorable film, along with the fact that it presents the ultimate appearance of Edward G. Robinson as a wise old Saul Roth god.
