"Garden of God" is a major example of "popular women's literature", familiar with the style of the twentieth century, combining all the power of strange and unbridled antics with the magic of pseudo-mysticism and the Soucho-Masochi bite of Catholic guilt. Just as Jane Eyre was not really happy to burn her castle around her and her lover was permanently disfigured because of his sins, or that the heroine of Rebecca could not achieve sincerity in her marriage until her husband put the Lord on trial for the death of his first wife (and the castle burned around her) The poor Psyche could not leave well enough, and the mystery of Cupid had to be extracted at all costs, Domini, the pious Catholic heroine of this piece of tripe, could only find real sexual recognition by inadvertently marrying a man who gave up his promises Holy Religious. Like all these novels aimed at stimulating female readers and stimulating vapors, this novel relies on the oldest tricks of the book: basic misunderstanding and inability to express one's true feelings in the right place at the right time until it is too late. The logic is that any kind of orgasm can be indulged as long as one wishes to end up paying a price high enough to atone for the last act. Paul Clodle is reduced to the standards of beauty salon magazine. Well ... the situation could have been a lot worse and it was mostly ... <br /> <br /> Without the religious tones, the plot of the film is that of your basic pornography: The strange monk driven by madness escapes from abstaining from Sex into the desert where he had a few laps in the sand dunes with a graceful but graceful Catholic heiress before reintegrating his monastery, each passion spent, leaving her to clean up his mess. She really resented comparing one of the other commentators to the "Thais" of Anatole France, a sophisticated novel aimed at ridiculing the whole concept of Catholic sexual repression, some of which were hidden in the same Massenet opera, thank God. <br /> <br /> But what makes this photo unique in female erotic records, of course, is a huge constellation of talent that gathers under one banner to make this wet cinematic dream come to a vibrant life. An uncharacteristic technicolor photograph of us all, a truckload of dignitaries (including one cute dog), a musical by Max Steiner, seems to be determined to complete the "musical film" by Michael Powell (which, ironically, Has a small part in the 1927 silent version) you always dream of, sometimes falling on the brink of disdain, but always in an atmosphere of extraordinary symphony, opera, a dream-like atmosphere where material considerations are not an entity. The characters move as if by a single spot Next, the dialogue is scattered and mysterious And a suggestive, art direction close to the heavenly, show flowers formats in a hut or a modest tent, closet heroine is not inexhaustible and all the male characters are either aristocratic or saints or sinners, but they Qrnillon or mystics or poets. <br /> <br /> Ah ... Hollywood! MGM DVD's presentation of this film is bare but flawless bones. The bitrate is too high, the color recording is always perfect and the 2.0 mono sound really achieves Max Steiner's score and Boyer's penultimate confessions. <br /> <br /> A historical note on this kind of "women" theme: In the following year (1937), Julien Duvier, clearly inspired by the "Paradise of God", directed by "Carnet de Bal", where butter-like The widow (after the care of her sick husband in the strange dimension of some villa on the banks of the romantic alpine) wants to discover what she missed by looking for male dancers in her first dance book, she finds them all in time, just to realize That all he felt at one point between her curve and her was either misunderstood or exaggerated or had tragic consequences for life. Of Dovyih sarcastic to tell us to be careful of idealistic concepts that can not be dispensed with and that we all need to grow sooner or later.
