I discovered this film after reading the book that inspired him. It is not a strict autobiography; it is "loosely based" on facts. But I found it fascinating and strange exploration of evil and insanity, and Michelle Serrault offers unforgettable performance like Dr. Petitou. <br /> <br /> There are many memorable images in this film; Bettio travels all night like a vampire, a black cloak fluttering behind him, almost a icon. There are also many expressive touches - the twisted Petiot silhouette that ascends the stairs leading from the basement where the remains of its victims await the dead bodies, remind me of some scenes from "Nosferatu". <br /> <br /> But I found the main appeal of this film to be audio. The soundtracks are loaded with ominous sounds, ranging from the prognostic music of the opening credits, accompanied by a speechless scream. Petitu lives and runs his medical practice in a complex of many small shops, and there is a constant backbiting of knives being sharpened somewhere, as well as a traveling salesman playing odd tones on the saw. There are also animal sounds - the concierge keeps a goat, and an invisible cry for the cats - and later in the film, we see that there are ferocious cows being grazed through a tunnel. The whole atmosphere is annoying, with signs of violence and slaughter. <br /> <br /> Not only the animals, but the human voices are often heard - the cries of victims of Gestapo, the patients of Petitou in the waiting room, being monitored by a listening device, the same suspected collaborators are monitored after the war in their cells. The film is often arranged to hear the voices of the participants without seeing them - when Petiot goes to see Mme Kern, we hear her sing as she works, her voice hesitates in the theater, before we see her. Even when they appear, they are often photographed from behind, her voice calling out to her husband who is calling her in a conversation. Silent voices in large halls, and their owners are photographed, when they see them at all, from a distance, so we can not see them actually talking. This is a ghost story, and these are the voices of ghosts - many of whom are victims of the future Petitou. <br /> <br /> However, Bettio himself is often just a voice; the echoes of his frightening laugh echo when he retracts from the camera, and makes comments behind him or in the air for anyone. Somehow, he is as ghostly as those who kill them. He is always frantically busy, rushing to appointment, never resting. But his activity is that the device - lifeless and undisturbed. It is interesting that, out of all the horror and danger of occupied Paris, Bettou is not alone; he is poached, excited, angry, irritated, prosperous, but never afraid, unlike the real people who draw them to their death. It is not surprising that he boasts of his mechanical inventions, including the permanent motion machine (real details of the book - he claimed to have invented many machines); Mechanical images are everywhere in the film, from the opening giant's wheel in the movie house, to the Petitou bicycle (with its busy wheels echoing the sharpening of the knives), to the stricken end of playing music before it kills. So that his routine with his victims mechanic - write a note to your wife, let me hide you before you leave, you need to vaccinate, Barcelona, ​​Casablanca, Dakar - like a well oiled machine, routine is always the same, just because the record is always the same. <br /> <br /> Moayad, the author of the book, says that the fullness of his crimes around the clock is what weighed on Petit in his trial. His regime was as smooth and effective as the Nazi concentration camp, which may be why the film invented a subset of Betitute's involvement with the French Gestapo and the Nazi occupiers. Unfortunately, this does not work as part of the story, because it is very difficult to know what Petitou is doing to the collaborators, or what happens when they end up at their midnight headquarters. Getting rid of bodies? Hide stolen goods? Difficult to say and difficult to believe. It is unlikely that the state will turn into a free business like Petiot. <br /> <br /> But it reminds us of the duet done by the bad guys. Petiot is a thief and a murderer, but he is also a father and a loyal husband. We also learned that Hitler loved dogs, and that the Nazis guilty of the worst war crimes could also be lovers of parents and family members, so we must realize that Petit could commit unspeakable atrocities and also work normally. His madness is easily done by the madness and horror of the wartime situation in Paris. When murder, theft, and disappearances occur everywhere, nobody cares because Bettiot is throwing more corpses on a pile.
