I saw this film at the Toronto International Film Festival. I loved this, not just for obvious reasons. Blindsight is a documentary about a group of blind Tibetan teenagers who are trying to climb one of Everest's top peaks. Now, this kind of thing can not be missed. Inspirational. Moving. Pretty standard, right? Even if the film is that way, I still love it. But it was much more. German Sabri Tenberken of the Blind herself, a school for blind children in Tibet, established in a culture that sees blindness is a curse, as evidence that a person has done bad things in a previous life. Many children in school have been avoided in their entire lives, and at best, a burden on their families. As part of their education, Tenberken shares with them the story of American Eric Fainmeyer, the first blind person to reach Mount Everest. Send him a letter inviting him to come and visit her students. Instead, he comes up with a plan. He will arrange an expedition for them to climb 23,000 feet Lhakpa Ri and provide all evidence and equipment. Sabri finds six willing participants, and this is the time when fun begins. <br /> <br /> Eric's team is mostly American, mostly male, mostly visionary. As experienced climbers, they are type A characters and very interested in the goal. Sabri is a European, female and blind, her students more than a "project", no matter how well-intentioned. In addition, students from Tibet, not old enough or confident enough to always defend themselves. When the campaign unfolds, they become a bridge between the "two sides" and want to please the parties, while at the same time wanting to gain the confidence that comes from achievement. As an additional barrier (unlike being blind), they speak English as a second language or, in most cases, a third language, struggling to understand themselves and make them understood. <br /> <br /> When it turns out that none of the students have no climbing experience, and that some are more coordinated than others, it begins to reveal Erik's original plan for them all to get to the top together. When both students and teachers begin to suffer the effects of high altitude, decisions must be made on whether to continue or send some to the mountain. Among the effects of high altitude is increased irritability, and you can see how this conflict feeds adults. In danger of being overly simplistic, on one side those who are full destination, on the other hand those who just want to enjoy the trip. I will not tell you how it ended, except to say that this was one of the most surprising and thought-provoking stories I have seen in a long time. <br /> <br /> The film also weaves bits of the story of every climber in the narrative, and there was an urgent need for it, because once boarding, children tended to keep their heads down and close their mouths. With all the drama happening around them, it was not surprising. The background stories are charming and tragic, and I find it strange that I find myself closer to tears at the beginning of the film than in the end. This was contrary to my expectations, and another pleasant surprise. <br /> <br /> In addition to all the human drama that must be covered, Walker and her small crew had to face the harsh and deprived conditions of the oxygen itself, and haul the equipment up to the mountains in the hope that it would not collapse. As with all great documentaries, the director was lucky enough (or smart enough, or willing enough) to be in the right place at the right time, and she picked up a very special story that had a lot to say about people who wanted to do "what Is best for kids "as for the children themselves.
