There is an episode of the Simpsons family that contains a news report that refers to an army training base called Killbot Factory. Here the comment is simply part of a shocking joke, but what the documentary does Patricia Volkerrod is that it shows us, appallingly, that it is not far from the truth. After World War II, the US military decided to address a problem they faced throughout the war; many soldiers entered the battle and found themselves completely incapable of killing another person unless it was "me or them". Since then, the training of the US military has been to remove all moral doubts and turn recruits into killing machines that do not think of fighters as people. To develop an abnormal situation in them: "a sustainable desire to kill." <br /> <br /> First, this is not an anti-war film. While Volkrod paints the war very badly, he focuses instead on a side that does not receive as much media attention as the debate about the legitimacy, physical successes or failures of the war; the process of turning a man into a soldier affects this person as a human being. Ironically, training someone to be a soldier to defend the community makes them quite unsuitable to live as part of this community themselves, while most of the examples and interviews are from the current Middle East conflict. Volcrod makes links to previous conflicts, especially Vietnam, painfully clear. It is not about any particular war, but about the problems caused by the war in general. <br /> <br /> The film appears to be divided into three sections: how recruiters are recruited into the army, the training they receive, how they are treated simply by fighting, and what happens once the army leaves. Once you reach this point, you realize that the main objective of this film is actually the inherent policies of the armed forces and the policies set to make soldiers into an effective combat force but with the removal of all humanity from individuals. The interviewees tell how the recruitment process looks clean and simple, and how a word like "democracy" and "freedom" is linked, but once the training begins they become "enemy", "killed" and "destructive". How once in action the soldiers do not care what they ordered it, because they are involved in the idea that once you execute an order, whatever it is, it is one step to going home. They do not have any political or social ideals to fight for but fighting and killing because that is what they have been trained to do. <br /> <br /> But the main purpose of the reality of the land is to highlight how the US military ignores those who fought for their country once they returned to their homes. There is no real rehabilitation of returning soldiers, many are forced to return home, unable to deal with what they have seen and done, and most policies seem to be in place to ensure that the military has no legal responsibility whatsoever for the psychological effects they are subjected to. Soldiers pick up. This is the latest discontent, once used is neglected. <br /> <br /> If there is a defect in the film, Volckrod does not try to show another side of the argument. You will have the impression that every soldier who went to war will then return to PTSD. Was it interesting to see those? A less liberal upbringing gives their views on how the military handles training and policies. There is never a chance for the other side of the argument to define itself. <br /> <br /> Otherwise, this documentary, which has been expertly prepared, uses Volkrod to use stock footage and music ideally as a part of the war is often passed when discussing the consequences of war.
