I rented this movie just because Rosario Dawson was in it. I sat down to watch it with my friend and checked our seats for 6 minutes. Not because of any intensity in those six minutes, but because it was a real film. No BS Hollywood, No Blasts, No Lumbar Linings; Movie. I have drawn you slowly, adhering to a tragic human destiny. Some people think they enjoy the cinema but they make mistakes. They love reckless entertainment films for entertainment alone. Michael Bay and similar converters were produced for this audience only. No need to think about people, just watch and allow stereotypes, where we can slowly rally your mind. We will post ads throughout the film, to keep you buying our products. Do not forget the explosions, we all love the explosions. Here we distinguish, art can be fun, but it also thinks it provokes you and takes you in subtle ways. Rarely entertainment is professionally and even at that time only arbitrarily. The movie is entertainment. Get off is a movie. The film is an art. <br /> <br /> If you still harbor a soul inside a meat walker, this rape scene will be just as powerful as "irreversible". The difference here is that "irreversible" was a scene of violent rape in which two people unfortunately regretted at the wrong time and followed by hell. The "descent" revolves around the history of rape. No less disgusting. No less corrupt. Just different. This is about the violation of trust, profane spirit and deep scars. If the character of "Maya" agrees that it was a hot sexy scene. But since she was desperate to escape, the scene was sick. "Jared" is the raider of a sick and manipulative series, which is quite disturbing because it is very much like an emotional love affair. How can "Maya" close to anyone again even if she is in the middle of her rape, does not hint the facade of her boyfriend "Jared" only slide? It's devastating. <br /> <br /> The movie as a whole is beautiful. The camera and lighting sometimes work to remove the surroundings and focus everything on Maya and the silent inner workings in her mind. All this was done by Rosario with facial expressions and gestures. The soundtrack was excellent, a mix of everything. My favorite favorite is to synchronize all aspects of these films together; "Maya" dances in a sea of ​​drooping bodies, something inside her awakening, realizing, all this adjusts the sadly sad Jeff Buckley tone. <br /> <br /> I do not think I messed up anything here really. I stop before I do. To sum up, I think this was the best film of 2007. Unfortunately, it seems that everyone is so stupid these days that if you do not penetrate, cut, gang rape or anything shining, people can not be disturbed. Death is not the worst thing that can happen to you. It is the last thing that will happen in this existence. The worst things that happen never leave you. They are always in your thoughts. When you shower when brushing your teeth when you buy a Christmas gift, when you tie your shoes; they chase you. They chase you until you get the last thing. <br /> <br /> Factor yourself. Challenge yourself. Watch this movie
