Being a Beatlemaniac I, the two of us approached with a combination of fear and magic. After seeing "In His Life: The Story of John Lennon," I was very worried that the two of us would not turn into a better case. The fact that Edwin Quinn and Jared Harris do not look like John Lennon and Paul McCartney? So with some make-up and proper hairstyles? Did not help a little. <br /> <br /> But I was pleasantly surprised. Michael Lindsay-Hug, who directed "Let It Be" in 1970, and perhaps John and Paul may have known well, could be credited for having the characters and dialogue as convincing. (The written credit for Two Of Us is given to a man named Mark Stanfield, and I do not know anything at all; I feel confident that director Lindsay-Hogg had more to do with little of the text.) Two Of Us Not the Beatles biography. He has a very few plot, in fact, all done in a day in New York City. What she does is imagine a meeting between John and Paul in 1976, while John lived in New York. This meeting is fake, of course? Although the fact that such a meeting has already been made can not be refuted. But through that imaginary conversation, does it give us a glimpse of the personalities of these two great musicians ?? Their sense of humor, their different reactions to stardom, and most of all their relationship; what made them a wonderful team, and what led to their dismantling. <br /> <br /> Since it is a modern film, there is nothing but a dialogue between two characters for an hour and a half, probably all of this is true. Beatles lovers. But it's a wonderful piece of writing and storytelling, and it's full of information. For those interested in these two giants, you will soon be surprised at how different the actors differ from their counterparts and feel as if John and Paul have come back to life ?? The script is very intimate and convincing, and so committed are the actors. Two of us give you a priceless look at the lives of two geniuses, and a sad and funny story. Definitely recommended.
