Georgi Danelia's best-known Georgian film, Nei Gurye (1969), also known as "Do not Mourn", is based on the novel by Claude Tellier (1801-1844), Mon Oncle Benjamin. The story revolves around the rural side of the 18th century. Century France. The Great French Revolution is still at the forefront, but some of its stormy signs are present in society. Benjamin, the local doctor is the spirit of the community, a cultured, friendly and democratic person who treats poor people often for free. It makes him very popular among locals but certainly does not help with his bank account. He is in love with Manit Gemayel, who is also crazy but is watched closely by her father, who described his daughter as "a small capital" and is determined to protect her virginity until the marriage contract is signed ... I never read the book, But I am fascinated by the results of the moving figures and elements of the plot from the eighteenth century to the beginning of Georgia in the twentieth century. I believe that Danelia is made up of all the unforgettable colorful characters you feel at home in Georgia, the land of long and glorious traditions, including the art of wine making and drinking, a rare musical talent that Georgians seem to possess, a sense of humor and a high sense of honor. He said, when we watched the movie last night with my husband, what a wonderful example of a film technician, I agree with him. "Do not be sad" is a perfect artistic film, visually beautiful and deep but funny, sometimes philosophical, but never arrogant, but optimistic, celebrating life with all its beauty and sadness, full of attention, love of irony and understanding a few eccentric but very human personalities. What is most important, the film is cozy and nice, and its viewers are not seen as do some artistic photos. To follow the young Dr. Benjamin (the first heart in the film Danelia of the famous singer and actor Wachtang Kikabidze with whom Daniele continues to produce for two other films, including one of the best films My favorite, a Mimino) on his journey through the roads and mountains of Georgia. Or to be a guest at a nice party where friends meet to celebrate the life of the old doctor Levan, who wanted to be a guest after him, to hear what his friends say about him at the time of his death. Still alive, he gets to choose the color he prefers for his civet. When I saw the film, I thought it was a kind of film Federico Fellini probably loved. I was never surprised to find an article on Danelia, where Fellini named his first director. I also discovered that according to Daniele, the famous Soviet director Leonid Gayday (the creator of many beloved comics) and Sergei Parashanov (the insight that I did not have to make another Daniele film, a fictional story about the American boy, Sovsem propashchiy) Do not be sad "while Fellini praised it strongly. I dare go a little further and I suspect that perhaps the Fellini Maestro has taken into account some of the amazing images, atmosphere and pleasant atmosphere of "Do not Mourn" when Amarcord was made in 1973. Just an idea, because there is something essential that connects both films. Both artists returned to their roots, to places they loved deeply, to the people who remembered them, loved and wanted to honor them. Both films have a lot of smiles through tears. Both are artistic films that will hit the hearts of viewers directly. Both are works of art. <br /> <br /> I think I'll add Georgi Danelia to my favorite directors list. He has made some wonderful images in my most favorite drama, even the tragic tragedies of fun, fun, touching, delicate, earthy, exciting, kind and bright. When I looked at the list of films he wrote / directed, he was surprised that he had not made one bad film since he began in 1960 with an award-winning story for a young boy, Siriusa. Many of Danelia's movies are among my favorites, and I'm sure they are among the fans of Jaguar. The man behind Seryozha, Sovsem propashchiy (1972), written by Mark Twain The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, 33, Ya shagayu po Moskve (1964), also known as the Walking the Streets of Moscow, Ne goryuy (1969) (1975), Mimino (1977), Osenniy marafon (1979), known as Autumn Marathon or Sad Comedy, which is a very appropriate title for this film in addition to the entire genre invented by Danelia practically, the favorite cult of more than 20 years Kin -Dza-Dza (1986), wonderful and worthy of our true love and true gratitude for the unforgettable moments of cinematic happiness.
