This is an obscure film about me so far, but now that I have seen it, it appears as one of the most important approaches to Nuer. As usual with DivX format, viewing was far from ideal? It's a casual video and (mostly) audio errors ?? But considering that the movie is still not available on the R1 DVD, this should be done right now. Since the film's reputation is very high in this genre, I suppose the reason for this censorship is that it has no known actor in the lead. <br /> <br /> Anyway, the late entry is the movie's nominal star ?? Frankfort Tun? Packed completely wallop (especially because it shows that the villain of the first)! Was the actor's tone disrespectful? He has rarely been given appetizing roles, and this may be his best (making him both paranoid and reasonably dangerous). Female bullets? Ella Raines, who would later appear in "Force Force" (1947) as well as "SUSPECT" (1944) and "The Stranger of Harry Unley" (1945)? She is so beautiful and is so capable of being the troubled secretary of state to prove that her convicted boss (Alan Baxter) is innocent of the brutal killing of his wife. Thomas Gomez suspended the other key supporting parts as a police detective at first but ultimately sympathetic, and Elisha Cook Junior? This kind of man's perfect fall? As a bad-tempered "ladies man" to play the rhythm. <br /> <br /> Like Jules Dassen in "Brut Force", Seodemak was on an exciting tour at this stage of his career, and certainly benefits from this great direction. ? All the slanting angles and the impressive collection of pieces, including the fair jazz sequence, which is being watched by the drums of drunkenness in a sexual frenzy brought by the rude-looking Reynes (who takes his attention and eventually leads him to acknowledge that he has blocked the evidence) An investigation that could lead her ex-boyfriend out of prison). Another remarkable long sequence is where Raines Bender (another uncooperative witness) follows the streets of New York? Leading to a story with a car! <br /> <br /> It is also worth mentioning the sequence of experience ?? Which is fully portrayed by the public reaction so that the judge, jury, witnesses and D.A. We have never seen her (although the voice of the judge is the voice of veteran actor Samuel Hinds). The focus of the film is the scene in which Gomez and Ton discuss the nature of the culprit involved, while excluding the inspector from the latter as a mental madness that gives a tone that is initially "dizzy spells". The suspicious climax finds Raines alone with Ton in his apartment, where he finds evidence of his guilt ?? He admits having an affair with Baxter's wife, but he kills her when she does not give up her husband. <br /> <br /> By the way, I bumped into some idiot in the film: While the story was clearly set in 1943, I noticed that during a taxi cab ride towards the beginning of the film? Who accompanies Alain Curtis the grand lady to the theater ?? New York's founding snapshot (which clearly includes stock footage) features a series of comic books promoted by Laurel and Hardy 1938 musical comedy, SWISS MISS! By the way, the famous mystery writer Cornel Wollrich wrote the original novel that was based on it using an alias.
