Alan Curtis has a high argument and violent vote with his wife, misses his apartment, and has a night of drinking with a mysterious lady with a big hat in a bar (run by Andrew Tompis, in a nasty little part for change) and returns to find his dead wife and police, Waiting for him. His attempts to prove his own - that he was with that mysterious lady - fall because anyone who can think of (Tombes, Elisha Cook) claims that there was no such person. He ended up without any excuse, although his secretary (whom she loves secretly), Ellen Rains, believes. He was convicted after a trial, awaiting the death penalty. Renz begins to emerge after the fact, and finds that Gomez has some doubts on his own. She also found an ally in a friend of Curtis, Frances Tun, who was apparently out of town on the night of the crime. Will Curtis leave in time? "Phantom Lady" is based on a novel by William Eich (great writer Noir Kornell and Woolrich). As film lovers know of other works done by Woolrich (LEOPARD MAN, the night has a thousand eyes, the end of WINDOW, there is no man of their own) one can not assume what is real on the surface anywhere. The lost wife may not be the seller in fact, where he sends him messages arrived, if he still has her jewelry. Perhaps the intellectual is already able to predict the tragedy - or was he planning to kill his old partner, who is now an oil millionaire? Did the young leopard kill, or did the wealthiest in the city really hide some knowledge of guilt? Is the young woman, who claims to be the brother-in-law killed in the wreckage of a train, actually a charlatan? Here, Raines and Gomez (with Ton's help) try to prove that Curtis has not seen a woman who will not be recognized by anyone - and if he sees her, why can not anyone else remember seeing her? The problem with the story is Curtis' character - he surrenders very easily when he is proved to have committed the crime he did not commit. In fact any innocent person screams until the moment they are executed. However, in defense of the collapse of Curtis, it also happens to other people in different films: Gary Cooper, in MRI. DEEDS GOES TO TOWN, is disgusted by the deceitful insanity of Douglas Dombrell and his followers so as not to defend himself at first, so that people who depend on his help will not depend on their fears in the courtroom and wake up to his sense of responsibility. But Curtis seems to give up. Under normal circumstances, Raines, Gomez and anyone else would not care if Curtis was not interested. <br /> <br /> But the film escaped this weakness. The slow detection of lies is allowed by witnesses who are shot by the real killer with two specific sets of Rinas with Tombs on a deserted high platform and Elisha Cook in a jazz session. It turned out that Gomez was more aware than the villain expected to check his anger again. The villain can keep Renee and Gomez up until the final minutes of the film. If it's not such a great film as Double Reward or POSTMAN RWING WARS twice or Falcon kings, it sticks well until Curtis and Raines are finally reunited.
