Noir may not be the best remembered film of the era, but it is characterized by a fantastic ambiguous plot, a common noir atmosphere and some good performances from its lesser-known actors. Robert Seodemak, the talented director of "The Spiral Staircase", released this film two years before the above-mentioned film, shows a real inclination to create a dark and encouraging atmosphere as well as create a conspiracy that combines plots and novels. The viewer enchants. Lady Phantom focuses on Scott Henderson. A man married to a woman he does not love. A lady picks up a big hat one night one night, and the two agree to a pleasant night without restrictions. However, he returns home to find his apartment infected by police officers and soon discovers that the reason for their presence is that his wife has strangled one of the ligaments of his neck! He feels appalled that no one can see him while she is with the mysterious woman remembering her, and naturally the jury sends him to kill him. However, fortunately for him the beautiful employee gets into the case ... <br /> <br /> The plot moves well throughout, and unlike many well-known noir, this one boasts a few murders that make the actions More interesting. In fact, if it was not because it was made in the 1940s and shot in black and white, I would have sworn that Phantom Lady was Italian Giallo! The central figures are all interesting enough, with Alan Curtis presenting a good image of the unfortunate victim, and Ela Raines to be as effective as the impromptu female detective. However, the real scene of the film is Franchot Tone, which presents an unforgettable performance as a crazy villain for the piece. The film also plays a role in support of superstar Elisha Cook Jr, who plays drums in the most memorable part of the film. If you criticize this movie, I would say that the identity of the killer is revealed a bit early - although the Phantom Lady deserves some credit for that front of the original way you go. The conclusion is satisfactory and everything logical (which is amazing given the line of conspiracy is unlikely) Overall, Lady Phantom is definitely one of the greatest and most serious impressions ever made!
