Production: Universal Pictures <br /> <br /> Scott Henderson (Alan Curtis), after a bad fight and separation with his wife, looks forward to sinking the sorrows into the local irrigation pit . There is a woman spy in a similar emotional state, looking for some companionship, and asking her to show up at the club to keep their minds out of their problems. Agree, but on condition that they keep their names for themselves. Sure enough, when Scott arrives at the house, the police find him there, waiting for questioning. His wife was killed. Where were you at 8 pm, Inspector Inspector Burgess (Thomas Gomez) asks? But Scott has an excuse, does not he? Only he does not know the name of the woman. The waiter remembers Scott but not the woman. No taxi driver. Nor the drummer (Elisha Cook Jr.) at the club. Even the dancer at the club, which Scott bought clearly when looking at the woman (they wore the same hat), would not admit having a person with him. There is something going on, but no matter how Scott was unable to defend himself in a trial and sentenced to death for murdering his wife (based on the most visible "evidence" in Hollywood's judicial history). He is left to his faithful secretary, "Kansas" (Ella Rynes), who was later joined by the Inspector of Sympathy Bergis, to discover the real killer before the execution of Scott. <br /> <br /> Phantom Lady is designed on themes that are repeated, almost compulsively, in Woolrich's work. For example, schizophrenia also appears in Black Angel and The Leopard Man. In addition, there is a personality that becomes mentally retarded by the death of a lover or wife as it is found in Rendezvous in Blacks, Princeton and Black. It can leave the viewer feel like walking on worn earth. But in the right hands, hectic plots, unfortunate dialogue, and narrative contradictions are all beside this point. Luckily, my Lady Phantom was being guided by a sound hand. <br /> <br /> This is the first bout of Siodmak. He continued to distinguish himself as one of, if not, prominent practitioners of the style (The Killers, Criss Cross). Here is coupled with good luck with cinematographer Woody Predell (they will be reunited on Christmas holidays and dead). There are some wonderful stories that take place in the camera. In one shot, the degraded state of mind appears as he sits in front of a three-way mirror, suggesting multiple personalities. The same character, an artist, has a self-portrait of Van Gogh with an implicit ear hanging on the wall in his apartment. But what Siodmak and Bredell really do in Phantom Lady is practically a search for Noir. It was released very early in 1944, everything here; wet pavement, atmospheric bags and awe, sharply contradictory b & w, realistic expressions of reality (when visiting Kansas Scott in prison), conflicting light shafts, etc. . It's a great picture to look at. <br /> <br /> Regardless of Franchot Tone, the cast, in addition to the subject and the relative inexperience of the director (presumably the budget), refers to the ambitions of the film "B". I thought the tone was a little hamil. Alan Curtis (Hi-Sierra) does not arrive very much and actually comes very weak in a few scenes. Ella Raines is mostly good (and very pretty). Her "sexual scene" with Elisha Cook Junior is so terrified that it must be believed. Another prominent sight is when Kansas goes after a waiter for questioning. It was like a stalker scene, chasing him relentlessly in the streets, with a stop at the subway station. Some real good stress there. <br /> <br /> *** From 4
