I rated this movie 7/10 which represents an average of 8/10 for film and direction values ​​and production values ​​1944 and 6/10 for acting. My acting rate was calculated in turn in 4/10 for all screen characters except those played by heroine Ela Raines as Carol Richman who was excellent on 8/10. I also commend Thomas Gomez as a Burgess inspector who convinces his character that he personally does not believe that the judgment of the comet of Scott Henderson (Alan Curtis) was just looking at his naivety afterwards, the two formed an alliance to prove Scott's argument. <br /> <br /> This movie on the DVD "Suevia Film Noir Cine Negro" in Spanish as "La Dama Desconocida" with the original soundtrack "Ingles" has an alternative language, because despite the search, I could not find Full English version. But I was keen to see another performance by Ella Raines after she was impressed by her role as a protagonist in "Impact" as she plays a single garage owner. Another heroic role is locked in the patent of its engineering director and rejects several suggestions that she should return to her home in Kansas (the name of her boss's pet) before solving the missing absence. The fact that her love for her boss secretly a little difficult is true because he officially appeared to have had a formal business relationship with her. However, children's homes and playgrounds have been designed, so I think the "family man" lit up in Carol's brain. <br /> <br /> In the 1940s, "the film's symbol" in the process, producers can only portray sex through metaphors, in the form of an angry drum played by Elisha Cook Kukulner. Caroll dolls herself as a girl of easy virtue in an attempt to attract the drummer to give her information about "The Phantom Lady". The other main character, Jack Marlowe (one of his colleagues Scott Henderson) is played by Franckette Toon, who has found her very theatrical performance and wondered why Carroll, for example, has not noticed him constantly and I like him with his hands. Here the scenario should have been improved and provided more suspense since these theater moves are canceled out too early for the public.
