The goal of any James Bond game is to make the player feel like a final fantasy: a step towards the Agent 007 shoe. "FRWL" is closer to this goal than any other game, because you control this time in the real James warranty. It is not an insult to Pierce Brosnan, who presented a wonderful Bond and the sound of his voice and likened him to "Eun," but Sean Connery was the original James Bond, and there would be no one approaching his level. <br /> <br /> At this stage, like many others who have reviewed this game, I must say that Sean's 70-year-old voice does not fit his 30-year-old image on the screen, and this requires some of the Get used to it, but it's definitely worth it. He makes lines such as "Bond? James Bond" and "Shaken, Not Moving" into a big deal again. But Sir Sean's control of the villain known as the Octopus is, as Bond said in Octopussy, "just the tip of the tentacle." The stunnedness of the game begins with the opening gun barrel. It's the original gun barrel of the films. And then the first task, where the daughter of Prime Minister Hottie the blonde rescued from the terrorists in parliament, and everything from cars to clothing is completely retrograde. The world of the game is really the original James Bond world, up to the classic rock and roll show of the James Bond theme, which finally plays during a late game moment, as Bond sneaks into a secret factory. <br /> <br /> After the game opens, the plot faithfully follows the plot of the film "FRWL". James Bond was sent to Turkey to recover Lektor from a Russian cryptologist who claims to have been crushed. In Turkey, Bond collaborates with the beloved owner Karim Bey. Bond must recover the device, protect the girl in distress, and safely return to London. The screenwriter Bond Bruce Ferristen worked on the script and did a good job of making the game similar but different from the film. The characters are well recreated, but some are better than others. The scammers who express the bad guys Rosa Clip and Red Grant are weird. There is an early moment in the game where they interact with Miss Moneypenny, M and Q who look and act as they did in the original Sean Connery 007 movies. <br /> <br /> What puts these game miles ahead of the other Bond games, along with the sound of Sir Sean and his example, there are two outstanding features in the game play. One is the Bond Focus. You can send bad guys by simply pressing them with one click and killing them with the other, but clicking on the additional button will allow you to zoom closer to the target and choose between the spots that will be called Bond, such as a hand grenade attached to a belt that sends an enemy and a small number of his friend or A rappella wire causes the enemy to hang down until his death. Another salient feature is the killing of stealth and tilt. When you're close enough, you just have to press a button to beat the enemy with the brutal brutality shown by James Bond of Sean Connery only. <br /> <br /> Shaun Conrey Bond is often based on his intelligence and talent, so you have only a few tools, but they are good. Q-copter is a remote control helicopter that can self-destruct and explore areas that are inaccessible, such as Q-spider in "EON", only better. A classic laser clock is useful not only to reach closed rooms, but to send enemies when you do not have another weapon. The cuff links and the gun gun are more fun to play, but you should try it yourself. In addition to smart gadgets, you can wear Bond clothing in a number of retro costumes found during the game, including the gray suit of the movie, the black formal suit, the retro ghost suit, and the classic white formal suit, all of which seem to have done so when Sir Sean wore them. the movies. When driving, you drive the Aston Martin DB5 directly from Goldfinger. It can not become invisible, but it contains a tool to show frames as in the movie. When you do not fly in the streets of Istanbul in the "Goldinger", you can fly in the air in the "Thunderball" aircraft package. <br /> <br /> Then there is a multiplayer player. Of course, it should be compared to the level of the game "GoldenEye", which fails. Also, you can only play punks Bond instead of Bond himself or other heroes in the game. But the multiplayer player is ironic, and a good bonus because the stunned one-player campaign alone makes the game worth playing. The basic game has other drawbacks. Some of the most thrilling film moments, especially the depiction of a Roma camp, a Bond fight with Red Giant on the Orient Express, and a confrontation between the shoes of Bond and Rosa Clipps are slim, justice is not achieved in their form. The game is a fast game, even in the most difficult difficulty. But overall, this game is the best experience for James Bond so far.
