I am not a follower of a certain type of film. I classify films as industrial or non-industrial. Valentin is the second industrial film by director Jimmy Blanks, after his film "Legends of Urban". Unlike Urban Legends, the script and the storyline are very weak. Again, unlike Urban Legends, the elements in the film are very broken and creative, and that's why Valentine is the best. <br /> <br /> As the first essential element, the growing hatred of the serial killer is very modest. Since high school years, he grew up with his wounds built up in his soul against his classmates, who ridiculed him. When you focus enough on this first element while watching a movie, you will see this humanity's point of view: "No one is good or totally evil." In fact, someone who knows evil can be a good-hearted secret. Just because the storyline and trend are very weak, we are not as satisfied as we deserved. <br /> <br /> The second iconic element is, of course, the wonderful synergy of late-1990s stars: My favorite is Jessica Kovil, who is killed in the finest way to kill. One of her cat's cats is thrown out of her stomach and remains stuck in it, while playing hideously with her blind history, she has never been able to meet her. Katherine Heigl is the first star to be killed in a biology laboratory while trying to hide under models of the human body lying on surgical tables. Dennis Richards was killed in third place, while she was just found on Valentine's Day in a whirlpool bath. Jessica Cappshaw is finally killed in a secret and invisible way, and then trains to be serial killer. Marley Shelton has the worst luck and has odds of luck that she will be killed in the most secret ways we will never know, "because the film is drawing to a close before it kills. Finally, Benita Ha is most fortunate because she was not a classmate in the serial killer, David Boreanaz. <br /> <br /> The third and last element is the soundtrack of the maze blind history scene, Valentine's Day celebration in Dorothy's house scenes and ultimately murder themes. I loved everyone's soundtrack as far as I know. Hard Rock never fits into a serial killer movie.
