I will not try to predict what Brando was trying. At its best, it turns into such exotic performances, where it hints at many things at once, so it does not seem to do anything as much as it plays through an endless instinct. It often seems to draw attention to a grainy aspect of his character on all other sides, a concentration, if followed, turns into something of a red herring, because it becomes more skillful and crafty than it initially appeared. This is the mastery of artifice, not natural, as the method may be associated. The role of Sky Masterson, as Mankiewicz realized beautifully, is apt to begin strangely, and is still strange in the end, because whatever Brando did, he was able to obtain grace perhaps all he had, but nevertheless, a brilliant grace - once Other, strange, coming from a representative with limited musical ability, is not before or after the connection of musical comedy. Jean Simmons, strangely cast, is not impressive, but certainly higher than just enough, and really delightful in the Havana sequence, not less than fun all the time. <br /> <br /> So far ... perhaps because the actors are very focused on what they do, and the personalities about what each other intends, there do not seem to be "chemistry" fans that have arisen more insistently than ever. Simmons / Sister Sarah respectively feed each other well enough, but I do not see any more in this amazing and absolutely fun film (and most of all, literally, it's just - dazzling), that the shortage will look something Ignore it easily and easily, but much will depend on real chemistry! At least partial character conversion through such chemistry would confer something The film is definitely happy, but it does not really move, except in a way that denies the health of the Union Note Sister Sarah marries her missionary, Sky Masterson in the same dude man who beats a man rather than a wedding tux. To those from their former scene! <br /> <br /> In a funny way enough (ie, insightful), the most influential and most dangerous scene is, I think, between Brando and Vivienne Blaine, I think the doll Sinatra / Nathan Detroit, Adelaide , The only scene where these two people meet exclusively, not least because there is no hint N courtship between them although it happens in a room Adelaide clothes while Adelaide is about to change. Although one can submit that there is no place for it, only Sky is really the "required" type to check out Adelaide in this type of condition. There he even tells Adelaide Nathan that she will not meet her to escape. Both Adelaide and Sky are both right on their way to Nathan, so they feel sorry for him, as evidenced by the tone of their exchange. Of course, Adelaide feels frustrated and disappointed, but her anger eases her deeper sense of femininity, because Skye likes that she can not love a man and then wishes to be someone else. <br /> <br /> Men and dolls is another turning point in the gender battle, around gambling and redemption topics. Since both the compulsive gambler and the student of salvation tend to despair in one form or another, there may be a dark secret behind the lack of chemistry to Brando and Simmons. After all, this deficiency may indicate an excess of narcissistic preoccupation (echoed by Sinatra / Blaine, although it involves much less self-deception), which may explain the rather bizarre, rather provocative, interpretations of Brando and Simmons and Sister Sarah. I realize that Simmons may often portray coldness and doubt, but Brando, despite playing to face it, is not quite warm and careful, more than just keeping a distance - he also absorbs it and maintains its balance. His boldness is just playing against her - the trip to Cuba, kissing, whatever it takes - but he is not really prepared to win by seducing her as much as hitting her in her own land. This may be smart, because playing for enthusiasm may be the only way to reach and through the missionary. But this makes the Sky move from just trying to win proof to Sarah Brown's desire in fact less than convincing. But why would he want it? What does it mean to fall in love to heaven? I find that the only way to overcome this is by truly accepting that his humanity has begun, and that he does not want to end up just just towards the serene sister, so, as promised, needs to deliver sinners to meet her prayers, As he put it, as a way to win back when he seems to have already won to lose it. But this still shows more self-interest than anything else. However, it also allows for Sarah Brown's interest in herself, where Sky will satisfy her mission in order to regain her lover. No, at least it seems, will change a lot through their union, except perhaps in accepting the other. However, this may seem quite an unstable proposition: the acceptance of this order is still far from achieving happiness in the other, not to mention the Highness that seems to involve both "chemistry". Behind all this, I think Mankovic's knowledge is complete. <br /> <br /> For those who may say, in defense of men and dolls so far, many musicals can not be expected through the rear, I just need to remind them of Cabaret, The Three-penny Opera, Carousel, A Star is Born, And even the Sound of Music, which I do not care much about (and one can continue to add it to this list without even moving forward towards post-cabaret musicals), all the music is wonderful wrap and dance around the extreme anxiety.
