It would be easy to call "men and dolls" superbly. He got Frank Sinatra and Marlon Brando (and, contrary to Sinatra's original wishes, castings). It was a really great feeling in the 1950s, even if it was moved from one stage to another with little provincialism. Most of the songs are often fun and attractive, and are performed with this hint and hint at the wonderful escape inherent in the model itself. If they are not as great as some others like them, there should be no fault of director Joseph L. Mankiewicz. Do not click all the songs in full, and feel little of the dialog box like being performed on the stage rather than the movie (sometimes difficult to tell - Brando and Sinatra on the line often have to watch carefully to see when one plays for the camera or "theater"). While the actress who plays Adele's role is better for the stage of the screen). <br /> <br /> The plot is one of those winners who are working well for her time, even if one wonders if his influence extended to the likes of 1999 She's All That (well, not quite, but close). A gambler (and his 14-year-old speech), played by Sinatra, wants to host a big-time game, but he is told that "the heat is burning", meaning police are under surveillance. So, he has only one option to host the game, with the A $ tab. The only way he can get it is a big bet with his gambling partner, Brando, who has taken on the task of attracting a mission worker. It allows for predictable shifts in the story, the sudden takeoff of personal charm, and the peculiarities of people from the streets (gangsters, dancers, and "saitn" played by Jean Simmons, which falls to Brando). It is, in its basic sense, about this whole world of men and dolls, how to balance one or another - obviously without marriage or very compromising. <br /> <br /> Mankiewicz saves a lot of energy for a piece, even when keeping up with the camera related to the subject and its stars wrapped properly. Hell, even Brando works excellently for a musician because he transcends being just a representative of style and shows his vocals to sing and the quality of the big stars. The story ends and the characters end up in what we hope will happen, and that's good. All we ask for - and what we get - is entertainment at the good spikes of intelligence, including dialogue, a few songs and dances that led to a low house (my favorite was the number of female cats in the club, good luck lady, Cuba). a-
