This Frank Lüuser masterpiece is of amusing words, specialized themes and strong building by those who have adapted the Damon Ronnon material with the musical "Book". What is surprising in the film is how smoothly the musical figures flow from the story. Abu Burroughs made the book with contributions from Loesser. Michael Kid was the choreographer, and Joseph Wright contributed to the direction of outstanding art. A story can be said in two sentences. Nathan Detroit, played by Frank Sinatra, needs money to fund his permanent floating game for Big Jolly, a Chicago mob. He bet on odds player Sky Masterson, who was well presented by Marlon Brando, that he can not get a Salvation Army girl to go to Havana with him; Masterson wins, saves the job, falls in love with the girl, gets gamblers and sneers into a game of nonsense to attend a service, Everyone is told that the lady was not counted on his magic - a complete lie. Of course ends with the lady. Detroit married her long fiancé, Vivienne Blaine. Other actors in the film include Stubby Kaye, Johnny Silver, Robert Keith and B.S. Paul Cagli Julie the Mobster, Sheldon Leonard, Regis Tomey, Mary Alan Coxson, Catherine Jeffney as Salvation Army Commander, Vida Ann Burg and Jan Simmons as a lukewarm Salvation Army girl, Sarah Brown. Famous musical figures include the award-winning "Fugue For Tinhorns", "Guys and Dolls", "Lucky Be a Lady", "Lucky Be a Lady" and "A Know Knows", the oldest Permannet floating game in New York! "Joseph L. Mankovic of Cleopatra and" A Letter to Three Wives "directs the action, and the flow of work is very interesting and continues to move in. He is just as skillful in getting a good dialogue acting and directing large numbers like" Luck Be Lady " , The versatile and courageous section, the Havana section "A Woman in Love" created for the previous film, the title "Guys and Dolls" and "Pet Me, Poppa" were set at the club where Blaine works. Wrong For Part Sometimes, Brando adapts to singing and is very good at a great time on instinct, charm and disdain, even in comedy. Sinatra tries hard but is wrong for the role for several reasons such as Nathan Detroit .Laine plays a bit in selling her numbers, which of course enriches them professionally.Lonard, Tommy, Kay, Keith and Polly are doing what is required and more at all points. Good; all in all, this film is a triumph for the friendly and wonderful words of Lüser, director Mankwich as director of the circuit, and the genre of lyrical music itself, which is aptly justified in this case. Very tasty and different.
