This was not what I expected, there were not many scenes between Brando and Sinatra. Since they were based on the story of Damon Ronnon, I expected the irony and astonishment, one of which was really good - when we found that Sinatra's ring had used the Army's Salvation Army in a nonsense game while Brando was in Havana with Simmons. If, of course, the case comes at the right moment, too, when Brando brings it back. I did not expect much of Brando as a singer, but he surprised me. It was not great but it was fine in this role. However, his large number in the sewers with Sinatra's other children was the only place where Brando's voice felt weak. He did not have the power that the Grand Peak demanded. In general, I found the scenes between Brando and Simmons full of electricity, something I did not think would happen when we first saw Simmons on her own, and later when we met Brando in the restaurant with Sinatra trying to pull one fast on him. It was not long before Brando went to her office. <br /> <br /> Frank Sinatra, on the other hand, was flat, even his vocal performance. Vivienne Blaine, whom I've never heard of before, but I think she played the role on Broadway, seemed to slow down the proceedings. The scenes between her and Sinatra were clear. Also, I felt her songs as the weakest for me in terms of the progress of the story or character. Moreover, all the Goldwyn Girls figures seemed to be pointed with shoes, just to shine. For example, when Frank meets Brando in a nightclub, we just go to the theater routine to get the cat number - and then go back to the men who go on as if there was no dance at all. When Brando and Simmons were on the screen, I was spending a wonderful time, but every time we went back to Sinatra Blaine's story, my level of interest diminished. <br /> <br /> For songs, there were some good songs, especially the first number with Stubby Kaye, Fugue for Tinhorns (Can Do!). This is a great song and it reminded me of the first song in The Music Man - Cash for the Merchandise ... all that is called. And the number in the sewers - I could not help but remember the "cool" of the West Side Story - which brought me to the point. I really do not like the artistic direction in this film. The fake Times Square was completely fake and drew attention to itself. The same is true for the Havana sequence, especially the sewers. I realized that in 1955, most of the musicals had been filmed on sets, but things were changing - for example, Carousel took advantage of the filming of the sites. Even in the city, scenes were picked up in Mahatane in 1949. By the time we got to West Side Story in 1961, it was recognized that things that were happening in Manhattan had to be photographed in Manhattan. So compared, Manhattan felt like being a group of guys and dolls dated and more than a little cute. And Lindy's change to Mindy - did they really have to do it for legal reasons? Now, I always thought that Guys and Dolls was a music about Sinatra and Brando and their adventures with different girls. It was much more focused, which is thanks. In this regard, it is much better than Les Girls, which was interesting in itself, but had a certain shallowness in it. <br /> <br /> My only major complaint about "men and dolls", I do not know if this is settled in the original play, but when Jean Simmons realizes that Brando never took any money for a bet he made with Sinatra and even said He lost the bet, I just ran away to find him and we went to the wedding. It seems to me that a scene between Brando and Simmons would add to the impact of the story. Brando's vision as she roamed around with him was a wonderful sight. There is such a scene in The Music Man (SPOILERS AHEAD), when Harold and Marion have this pair while they are waiting to be changed. She is upstairs in her house, walking down the sidewalk. He sings 76 trombone. She sings a good night someone. Suddenly they switched and sang to each other's songs - a beautiful way to move their cross to each other. It is a high emotional moment of the film. Still, men and dolls were a lot going for it.
