I am fascinated by a strong sense towards (or sympathizing with!) Sinatra in other reviews here. I read elsewhere that Sinatra did not seem to forgive anyone because he was not portrayed as Sky Masterson. <br /> <br /> Well, who does not want to be a Sky Masterson? ?? It's a wonderful part: the attractive gambler who makes a big mistake when he allows himself to be sucked in a bet, where he must take Sergeant Sargent's army Sarah Brown on a date to Cuba, or lose it. It's not money ?? It's a pride, but he meets their match. Meanwhile, Nathan Detroit has to reconcile his long-suffering Adelaide fiance and try to find a place to play the crap game that will make him rich if his fiancé never goes on first. <br /> <br /> The film began life as a series of short stories by Damon Runyon: this is his unique dialogue, and these are the names of his great characters, and this is the world of horse racing / night club / world of gambling late at night. Then she became a musician, and you can only feel that in the form of the film did not leave the theater really. The camera is unusually stable and sets significantly? Not satisfying ?? Flat and baby. Fortunately, the music is so wonderful, I do not care too much. <br /> <br /> Nevertheless, my favorite thing about this film is to sing and act for two non-singers, Brando (like Sky) and Jean Simmons (Sargent Sarah Brown). Of course, the production of professional singers in these roles would have produced better music; but what is certainly forgotten is that two excellent actors brought something else to the concert instead: what they lacked in the vocal talent they overcompensated in acting, , Cipher, cipher, and cipher. You are with Sky and he argues with Sarah against mind, steadiness, pipes and safety. You enjoy a pleasant relaxation under the influence of Cuban "milk". You feel quite amazed and passionate about their scene in the yard with ringing bells and an hour to go before the plane takes them home. As Sky rightly says, it's "chemistry." Professional singers ?? Whether they are Broadway belts or smooth crooners? Can not necessarily be relied upon to do so. (And certainly did not). I read somewhere that Brando criticized Sinatra for not putting himself into his role as Nathan Detroit. Sinatra in turn angered Brando's way of taking four times. I have to take the other side, but I can not imagine that this film was one of the best classic films that he liked today, if Brando and Simmons were not with the brilliant chemistry. Brando's unpredictability; Simmons face, all pink cheeks and brown hair, drunk and ashamed at the Cuban bar. Beautiful. I will always want to get a copy of this movie if you need to feel comfortable again. You will forgive me if I give some talking parts of "Nathan" (sleep) brush 100%, right? You will not? Oh, be quiet and get more mundane cheese pie!
