The first step towards getting out of this path that leads nowhere is to realize that you are on the road in the first place; then it becomes firm and take positive steps to overcome the negative influences in your life that may have put you on this path to begin with. That's exactly what a young Latino girl does in "Girlfight," written and directed by Karen Cosama. Diana (Michelle Rodríguez) is an 18-year-old high school student in Brooklyn who faces expulsion after her fourth battle in the halls since the beginning of the semester. It affects the attitude of "whatever" that conceals a deep anger that threatens to move it to places you do not prefer to go. She lives with her father, Sandro (Paul Calderon), with whom he has a very principled relationship, and her younger brother, Tiny (Ray Santiago). At a time when her life is on the brink of a solution, she desperately needs an outlet to direct the devils that have plagued her. One day you will find her, even without looking for her, when she stops at the gym where Tiny is trained. Ironically, Tiny does not want anything about boxing. He wants to go to the arts school, but Sandro is determined that his son will be able to take care of himself in the streets, and pay ten dollars a week for his lessons. When Tina's trainer, Hector (Jaime Terrelli), kisses her, and approaches her father for money, under the guise of his name instead of a weekly (she does not want him to know what she wants for money), Sandro refuses and tells her to go out and earn her own money. In the end, with the help of Tyne, she finds a way, and the ring soon becomes her second home. It's an environment that adapts easily, and her life seems about to turn out to be the best. The fact that she will have to fight men, not women, in "blind" competitions is not at all irritating to her. Diana found her element. <br /> <br /> The writer / director Karen Kusama made a great work to create a realistic environment for her story, providing a true picture of life in the projects and conveying this very common desperation to many young people who find themselves in stalemate and on this path leading to Anywhere. There is no candy coating on it either, as he told Hector Diana when I asked him how he got to his place, "I was a fighter once. Then, when looking around the crowded gym, "Like most of these guys, you'll lose too. But all they know - this is honesty in the attitudes, as well as the way in which the characters are portrayed, making this film as good as it is. It's a dark world, confirmed by the dimly lit gymnasium - you can smell the boxers' sweat to a certain extent - and the sense of ruin that is all over it like a pale, covering those people who hang around and hang on to the only thing they have, everything they know. <br /> <br /> After appearing for the first time on her screen, Michelle Rodríguez was best portrayed as an Indiana, deeply implanted and hugely incubated. In waves. It is so real that it makes you wonder how much Rodriguez is. Exactly where does the actress stop and start the character? Whatever it is, it works. It is a strong and unforgettable performance, by a representative we will await from him another endeavor with great expectation. It certainly makes Diana a positive model, and we hope that many will find inspiration and an awareness of alternative paths available in life, at least to those who are looking for them. <br /> <br /> This film, however, ends on something mysterious; although Diana puts her feet on the ground, there is no sign of where she is heading. Is this a short-term solution, or will it become the female counterpart of Hector? After all, realistically (and in light of the fact that realism is one of the strengths of this film), professional boxing is not exactly a career that suits her and does not open her arms to women. In keeping with the theme of the film and the director's approach, the confirmation of Diana's findings was appropriate. <br /> <br /> The support team includes Santiago Douglas (Adrian), Elisa Bokanigra (Marisol), Alicia Ashley (Ricky) and Thomas Barbour (Ira). Although it presents a very real picture of life that many will be able to recognize, there are certain aspects of "Girlfight", which extend a little credibility, in relation to some of what happens in the ring. In addition, it is a positive film that is mostly a satisfying experience. I rate this one 7/10. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br />
