Scene Pictures: Mountain View. Twin moons illuminate the sky of red blood. Tardis drops, and steps out, a middle-aged man wearing a coat of Victoria, and Rose, his mate from the ground. The blink of recognition crosses his face. "Well, I've never been! It's the Saurius-7 planet, where the fighting Kraggartians fought." They tried to use the giant Skinkons to take over the planet. " The girl is breathing in the air. "I can not go, Doctor, I do not like the shape of this place, I'm still thinking we're watching." The doctor raises the finger of rejection. "Do not be ridiculous, girl, I wonder if the King and City of Cordaraby City remember me from my last visit." Come, Rose, come! " He steps away, the girl is struggling to keep up. At the top of the hill, evil red eyes look to hatred ... <br /> <br /> This was not how Rose started in 2005, and I thank heaven for that. The original British broadcast, Rose can now be safely considered a key ring, with Dr.Who re-positioning it as one of the leading BBC programs. Mistakes made by McGann T.V. They were well known. Instead of trying to name the new "who" on the current timeline, this is a new beginning for the series, starting with the store girl Rose Tyler (Billy Piper) working in her daily routine. One day you go to the basement to find a man named Wilson, then the problem begins. Mannequins come to life and attack them. They are saved only through the intervention of a mysterious stranger (Christopher Ecclestone). <br /> <br /> The story, although simple, is more than enough as a starting point for this series. The Lawton, of course, is an old villain (this was their first appearance since 1971), but their former appearance was not mentioned - another wise move. The conclusion recreated the famous scene effectively in "Spearhead From Space" when the store window dolls appeared. As a doctor, Christopher Ecclestone lacked the strangeness of his predecessors, preferring a modern leather jacket over the traditional doctor's clothes, but this made it accessible to the audience of the hoped-for new show. Billy Piper intrigued her critics by making a big impression on Rose. Noel Clark was also good because her boyfriend was "Mickey". <br /> <br /> Yes, there was an additional focus on special effects, but then there was a need to be - the oscillating groups and the unseen past monsters on 21st century television. What is more important is how well this scenario is. Ten million people were set to see the new doctor. <br /> <br /> "Dr.Who" came back - and returned with a gap!
