An essential part of British pop culture such as Monty Python and James Bond, a 26-year-old doctor (1963-1989), made him one of the longest running television programs in the world (most of the series are lucky to have 10 seasons). The plans to re-run the series were always on the BBC agenda, and after the failure of a television movie that was misplaced (not to mention American) produced by Fox in capturing the magic of the original version, another nine years (animation parody and animated mini-series were required before the Lord came back) In the end correctly, with permission from the famous author Russell T. Davis. <br /> <br /> Davies brilliantly reintroduced the character in his decision to do so through the eyes of a stranger: Rose Tyler (Billy Piper), a girl who takes London-based lives a very normal life until they are attacked by creatures made from the Lestick is saved by an elusive stranger who simply presents himself as a doctor (Christopher Ecclestone) and then disappears after the joke: "It's nice to meet you, Rose, run for your life!" When you get more curiosity about this "man" , Quickly find itself in a whole new world: aliens, invasions, travel through time and space and, of course, TARDIS in the form of Police Police everywhere. <br /> <br /> The first 45 minutes of the almost new Doctor Who program The special could have been used to polish a little more) because Davies names two things: the unique humor of the show and the heroine. The most original feature was a mix of astounding science fiction and pure British comedy, a hybrid that is difficult to export, if not impossible. Here they all laugh about the conversations between Rose and the doctor, which come in full round characters after only one episode. Well, technically, Dr. Ecclestone is the ninth who uses this name, but he distanced himself from the previous eight incarnations by speaking in a northern dialect (the one he uses every day) and pronouncing it in a remarkable line: "Many planets have the north! <br /> < The true triumph of this episode is Piper's performance: theoretically, Rose was in her late teens, and almost in the same age as the thousands of young viewers who had never heard of the doctor before. And a sexy, new generation reaction to the return of the TV icon, the chemistry that is formed on <br /> <br /> First, V, IX, there is no difference: there may be others before Ecclestone (and Piper, for that matter) but with William Hartnell and Peter Davison and the rest together from the group one character, so wonderful character that he does not need a name: he is a doctor.
