With the bright sunshine on a quiet Sunday on the verge of being fully awake, you can feel the love in the soft breeze that sweeps my feet and can be seen in the smiles of the people I walk along with. It is a perfect day to stop for a croissant and light cafe before heading to the City of Lights and Love. Of course, the trip to Paris is not within the budget of a reasonably modest film critic, so I had to choose the next best thing, Paris, JE T'AIME, a collection of 18 short films by a group of international directors. Each piece is named after a different Parisian neighborhood and is a reflection of love. In the interest of not over-glorifying the most powerful and convincing all human sentiments, Paris explores, JE T'AIME love in the many stages of her game. The results are surprisingly romantic and surprisingly consistent. Indeed, what is the best way to express the transient nature of love and how a moment can change your life more than a set of moments taken. <br /> <br /> The beautiful poetic quote above is taken from Faubourg Saint Denis from Tom Tykwer. True to the model, Tykwer (RUN, LOLA, RUN) uses photography and repeat the interval to show the entire love cycle, from start to melt. Faubourg was originally filmed in 2004 and was associated with this choir. She plays starring Nathalie Portman as Francine, the American actress in Paris for a film, and Melchior Baslon as Tomas, the blind man she loves. Here, blind blind people drive across the most unstable terrain, where people consume each other to a point where they lose their lives and existence. While love seems to move from dazzling to vertigo, Tykwer reminds us of the tricks that can be played in our minds and illusions that can create them when we step into doubt. <br /> <br /> Perhaps the strangest romantic show of Sylvain Chumit is a tour of Eiffel. Chomet (LES TRIPLETTES DE BELLEVILLE) is the city's most attractive choice for her title. It gives us a little boy who tells the story of how his parents met in love. His father, Mim (Paul Butner), finds himself in a surrealistic scenario one by one, and finally falls himself in prison. This is where he meets the woman who will become the love of his life (Yolandi Moro). Tradition has become something of the art of death, if not already dead. However, they are inherently dreamy and flawless. The imitation of his silent finger refers to the absurdity of human behavior, but what can make love more than absurd? We may find someone special in the less likely circumstances if we can take ourselves a little less seriously. <br /> <br /> Paris, JE T'AIME keeps the flow vibrant by not always focusing on love between lovers. Three memorable shorts focus on love between a parent and child. Walter Sallis (Motorek Dyeris) dispenses Catalina Sandino Moreno with love to her child before leaving him to sing the same song with a long longing for the child she is watching for her living. NOUPHEHERO SWA (UN COUPLE PARFAIT) is trying desperately to overcome the void she feels after losing her son. Pinochet says a little later, not because of her sudden talents, her struggle is clear in her face because she learns that love sometimes means giving up. Alfonso Quarron (children of men) weighs one continuous shot from father Nick Nolte and his daughter Sarah Martins, who are walking together for what must be the first time in a long time. Just see them from the other side of the street and get close to them just as the distance between the two planes lights up to a comfortable place and acceptance. <br /> <br /> The latest screenplay is Alexander Payne's 14ieme. As usual, take a Pine (sideways) layman and show us what makes it unusual. Carol (Margot Martindale) is another American in Paris. She is on her own and for less time than she would like to have dogs waiting for her at home. She is an ordinary person who has a quiet life and finds herself in a rich and leafy city. In the beautifully delivered French language, you talk about the viewer and how you make her feel. This woman spends a lot of time trying to be happy despite the many disappointments in life and because she sits in a city designed for her lovers, she realizes that she is really happy and loves herself more than she knows. Fall in love, even for just a moment, with life and love for itself. <br /> <br /> Figures that appear but rapidly in Paris, JE T'AIME finds itself in the center of the romantic universe. The moments they share with each other, whether you are helping someone after a hard fall or extending your hand to someone else without touching him or without his knowledge, are moments that give love fame and prosperity. Outside the city of lovers, it may be easy to miss such moments, but we must remind ourselves of their importance. It only takes a moment to love to shine in a cloudy sky. You just have to keep your heart open to see it. If there is one city rich in love, one must think it can someday find its way to your door.
