Paris, JE T'AIME is a wonderful cinematic tribute to the city of light and the city of love, a film so complex that it almost challenges the recapitulation and review. Ask a large group of people their impressions of life in Paris and the result will be similar to this film. The film interacts with each sector or Arrondissement in the city, examining love in all its forms, the original people in their Parisian situations, and tourists who interact with the great city. There are about 20 writers and directors, each of whom is about five minutes from the time of the screen, including Olivier Assias, Wayne Brothers, Silvan Shumit, Isabel Quixet, Wes Craven, Alfonso Quarron, Gerard Depardieu, Christopher Doyle, Vincenzo Natalie, Alexander Payne, Nobuhiro Sawa, and Gus Van Sant among others less famous. The stories range from hilarious to comic, to touching, to tragic, to familiar, to tender. <br /> <br /> In one story, the young Frenchman (Gaspard Orel) is attracted to a young photographer (Elias McConnell), whose heart is flowing in French to the boy who speaks only English. Elsewhere, the separated husband and wife (Gina Rowlands and Ben Jazara) meet in the Latin Quarter to end the divorce proceedings, while two other couples in Per Lachise (Emily Mortimer and Rufus Sewell) marry out of contact until the spirit of the departing Oscar Wilde. Steve Busemi in the Tuileries faces a fairy tale in the subway with his bag of tour groups, in Pastel Sergio Castellito (in love with the mistress of Leonor Watling) ready to divorce his wife Miranda Richardson until she trusts that she has leukemia at the station, Juliette Benoit Des Victoires With the help of legendary cowboys Willem Defoe, Sarah Martinez, Nick Nolte and Ludvine Sagnet, they have a strong tale of misguided ideas in Park Monso, Fanny Ardant and Bob Hoskins. Pegal and Melchior Bislun play the role of a blind youngster of actress Natalie Portman in learning how to see her in Voborg St. Denis, the vampire love between Elijah Wood and Olga Korilenko in Quartier de la Madeleine, Maggie Jellenhal is a former patriot about drugs in Cartier de Infants Roges and Margo Martindale Carrying traveler messages trying desperately to speak the French language she studied for her life Journey in the arrondissement Farhan 14ème Farhan. <br /> <br /> The last few minutes of the film try to link as many stories as possible, but this works only on superficial levels. The film is long and there are no bridges between the many stories, a factor that can disturb the public because of the lack of time to accommodate all events. But it is ultimately a rich tribute to the details of a great city and provides the viewer with many short articles to re-visit such as the scrapbook in Paris. It's a movie worth seeing several times! Grady harp
