I took my 19-year-old daughter with me to see this fun exercise in filmmaking. I always find it interesting to get the views and opinions of a different generation about films, especially since I am a cynical person. It's good to get a new opinion from someone who has not yet reached the "have been there, done it" approach in every movie you see. I am pleased to say that we really enjoyed it and considered it a successful mother / daughter. Much better than going to see some dead brain "flick", which is all what we are supposed to enjoy, according to the demographics? <br /> <br /> Eighteen directors were asked to present a short article about each Paris region, a city I had not visited in 20 years. But I wish I had. Are closely linked to the incorporation of the footage, and represent different approaches to love in a city that is considered by the popular culture as the world's most romantic capital. Some films work better than others, but, as other reviewers have said, they never deviate very much. Some are funny, some are sad, some are intriguing and some are puzzling. (I'm still trying to distinguish some deep inner truth in the Flying Tiger, Hidden Dragon hairdresser.) Some are fun and maybe should not be so much devoted to meaning. Example.) Perhaps my only critique of the whole film, is that it makes Paris look very good. The atmosphere can be cold, wet, foggy, indifferent and miserable, or in the summer the bread is warm and full of tourists so that you feel like sardines in queue waiting for hours to see each attraction. But I choose Nate. <br /> <br /> My favorite film was the Quinn Brothers filmed on the Tuileries Metro Station, starring Steve Busemi as a disillusioned tourist who inadvertently found himself caught up in a brawl. Absolute perfection, very funny, without having to Buscemi to say a word. I also enjoyed the theme about the silent artists, who probably was the closest to the film that became nice - which was definitely swinging on the edge of the falling art, but left on the right side. Rufus Sewell and Emily Mortimer who gained insight from the encounter with the tomb of Oscar Wilde left me indifferent, and Joliet Pinochet trying to overcome the death of her little son made me very uncomfortable. I thought the piece of Bob Hoskins / Fanny Ardent, Ben Gasara / Jenna Rowlands fell a bit, but Maggie Jellenhal was good (did you block the market in the shopping addicts?) I saw Sherry Bape last week. <br /> <br /> But I felt that the two pieces " Social justice "(for lack of a better way to put it), worked very well. I mean first of all the film about the young mother who left her child in daily care to go and take care of another child throughout the city. Then a film about the African immigrant, struggling to exist on the sidelines of an indifferent society, stabbed and dies in the street to a new young paramedic. Another statistic of murder, in a world where thousands of migrants die in the struggle to get to what they see as a better life, every year. I thought these two items were well observed. <br /> <br /> The final film, the 14th arrondissement, where Margo Martindale plays a postal worker from Colorado recounting the story of her first trip to Paris. In French is very poorly marked? To her French school at night, Lee moved. Perfect end, for a good film, interesting, if not great. <br /> <br /> Paris je t'aime was an ambitious idea, but it works well.
