For Paris it is a feast. "Ernest Hemingway <br /> <br /> It is impossible to count the number of great talents that Paris has given to paintings, novels, songs, poems, short but memorable quotations, and yes - the famous film director Max Ophelis of Paris, "He introduced bright streets under the street lights, a breakfast in Montmartre with cognac in your glass, coffee and lukewarm brioche, gigolos and prostitutes in Lille. Everyone in the world has a hummingbird: his home and Paris. "Paris is always associated with love and romance, and" Paris, Gim Tim "," Small Romance, "is a collection of short films, often featuring drawings from 18 talented directors from around the world. In each of them, we are familiar with one of the cities of the city of Light 20 and with Parisians of all ages, races, colors and backgrounds who all deal in love in its many variations and stages: In some "small romance", we witness the unexpected encounters of strangers that lead to immediate attention, Relationship: Like the Pudalides and Florence Mueller in the Montmartre Avenue in Alf The opening of Cyril d'Escour and Leila Bakhti as a white boy and a Muslim girl who begins a multicultural romantic friendship directed by Ghourinder Chadha with Quais de Seine, and I would like to include in this category a short comic film written by Gus Van Saint. Another boy who acknowledges the unexpected, unexpected approach and asks permission to contact him - never realizes that the subject of his interest does not understand French. <br /> <br /> Some of the short essays are moving and even dark.In Walter Salles and Daniela Thomas' Loin du 16ème , Catalina Sandino Marino (for the first time nominated for the Academy Award for Maria filled with grace) is a single mother of the public class She has to work as a nanny in a wealthy neighborhood to pay for her child's daycare every morning before she goes to work. "Place des Fêtes" by Oliver Schmitz is one of the most memorable films. Issa Maga and Sido Boro co-authored two young men whom he loved. It was promised, but it was shortened by the hatred and intolerance that existed everywhere, and the city of love and light is no exception. Other things I've really got are pastels, written and directed by Isabelle Coxett, starring Sergio Castellito, Miranda Richardson, and Leonor Wattling. Castellito has fallen in love with his wife Richardson, but when he is ready to leave with a beautiful mistress, the devastating news arrives from his wife's doctor ... <br /> <br /> I can go on thinking about all 18 years. Small gems. I love some of them very much. The others felt weak and may be forgotten soon but overall, I am very happy because I bought a DVD and I know I will go back to my favorite movies again and again. It is "Place des Fêtes" that I have already mentioned, "Père-Lachaise" by Wes Craven, which includes the ghost of one of the smartest and smartest men ever. Oscar Wilde (Alexander Payne, director of "Sideways") would save one troubled relationship . She also directed the 14th Arrondissement, which explores a single, middle-aged city in the city of Denver, a city alone, providing the city alone to supply its French voice with a heavy tone. Payne's entry is considered one of the most moving films, plus "Juicy Tuileries" by Joel and Ethan Quinn with (who else? :) :) Steve Buschemi is my absolute favorite. On both sides, American tourists sit on the seats (Margo in the garden, Steve in the Paris Metro after visiting the Louvre) to observe the life around them with different results. "My sense of sadness and light; my sadness is bright ..." Steve's character will discover that sometimes, even the most comprehensive and useful tour guide will not help any tourist avoid doing wrong things in a foreign country.
