I saw this night only at a seminar on Digital Projection (filmed on 35mm, a feature film that was completely scanned in 6K mastered 4K, and featured with a 2K projector at the ETC / USC Theater in Hwd) .. Lots of technical stuff. 18 directors (including Alexander Pine, Lewis Caravans, Joel, Ethan Cowen, Gus Van Sant, Walter Salis and Gerard Depardieu, among many good French / international directors) were given every 5 minutes to present a love story. She comes in all shapes and shapes, with well-known actors (Elijah Wood, Natalie Portman, Steve Busemi ... very hilarious ..., Maggie Glenhall, Nick Nolte, Gina Rowlands .. very well .. I actually wrote a piece that was in, Ms. Depardieu and many other international actors are also good. The stories differ from every romantic to quirky comedy to study Alex Paine's moving woman who discovers herself to Van Stan and one of those things that happen anywhere .. maybe? Nothing really put the French language In most sequences (with translations in English) and a small amount of actual spoken English , Although this will most likely lead to their transfer to art houses (la diva.) Also one piece that can be considered "experimental" but also colorful and funny, the simple studies of the complex relationships sometimes. The "experiential" person wants to get an equivalent story, many of whom have some feelings for me ... I admit that I am influenced by love in the cinema ... when it is presented in something other than the emotions I even laughed at the silent act, as I saw in anything Another (thank you for that!) The film reached its peak, for me, somewhere around just over half the soft , Then picked up another Tssulain again. Some of the beautiful stills of Paris at night, the kind of romantic music lush, usually used for good effect, not only schmaltz for "emotions" in the sound, generally good cinematography, although some of the clips seemed soft focus when it was not possible to mean it It was (the main character in the screenshot / scene). The speed of each film was good, the overall structure, although a little tall (they left two of which was scheduled to have 20 films, but they said everything would be on a DVD) seems to vary between film tones to maintain a good balance. I'm not sure when it's being shown, but you have to do a good study of how a 5 minute film works ... and sometimes, what does not work (if it covers a lot of time, emotionally, for a short film.) It should be in the area when one is released, They know when.
