I was lucky enough to attend a show in Stockholm for this film that was expressed with elegance, fun and thought-provoking. Since romance is the heaviest weapon in its arsenal, Paris je t'aime boldly passes through love in Paris, moving in various forms in eighteen separate quartiers but without tampering with Parisin and saccharine formulas. Its gold mine undoubtedly stems from the frustration on the parts of the directors ?? Frustration only after 5-10 minutes of screen time? Thus, you are presented only with the best and most reliable guidance from each party. <br /> <br /> When discussing whether I should review all 18 sectors, I came to the conclusion that it would be just a repetition and a long term. Instead, be assured that every director honors the film with its exotic techniques and skills, and you will certainly find it your favorite. Although Gus Van Sant can not resist the temptation to be intrusive, LES MARAIS has one of his best contributions, so he sneaks in the direction of Kurt Cobain in good shape. The Coen brothers recreate one of the most accessible sectors in Paris, a scene with a moderate, but emotionally transparent Steve Bossemi, the dark humor and clever camera angles that certainly produced the most laugh in my play, perhaps right. <br /> <br /> In this way, all story lines are wonderfully unique? Filtered through the minds of various managers? But the person who deviates more from the rest is Cartier de la Madeleine from the disaster of Vincenzo Natali, a dark Gothic love of horror starring Elijah Wood as a lost tourist in the streets of Paris at night meeting with vampires. With black-and-white format but in contrast to the bloody red color that seems to bleed asymmetrically from the screen, it almost becomes the City of Sin City ?? A strange twist and a refreshing visual in a film based somewhat. <br /> <br /> However, my favorite part was FAUBOURG SAINT-DENIS for Tom Tykwer but I think I was conditioned to think about it, since I went to the theater with him as my favorite and my friend pushed me on the side saying, "Finally, this He is my favorite director here. " However, it can not be denied that Tykwer offers a wonderful piece in which a blind boy picks up the phone, and hears from his girlfriend (Portman - one annoying time) that breaks up with him, thinking about their relationship. As with the Tywker method, the story is amazingly spectacular, dynamic and repetitive, characterized by screaming and running (Lola Rennt) making it the most pumping part of adrenaline in Paris je t'aime and perhaps also the most touching once Tywker started using the most powerful tool? Music. <br /> <br /> To fill in the negative account, it is clear that all managers do not manage touch like Tywker, Van Sant, Cohens, Coixet and Dépardieu. Sylvain Chumit cancels down the heap with a truly disposable slide cutter where a young boy recounts the story of how he met his parents. They are two single plays. This part of your face is so French and so dodgy that it humiliates international audiences. Sawa also directs a slender and slender group with the unusual, quiet-looking Juliette Benucci, who laments the loss of her son. Nothing else happens. Finally, the summary of the 18 intertwined stories ends in a somewhat impulsive and impulsive rush. <br /> <br /> However, Paris je t'aime teaches you high quality, because all other stories are good - with crisp writing and entertaining writing. It is certainly one of the highlights of 2006 (I do not say much, I suppose) and a very personal film, meaning that it is inevitable to choose a favorite and a less preference. Both mainstream fans are highly recommended "buzz" (heh). <br /> <br /> 8 of 10
