Robert Altman is my favorite American director. I have to admit that I enjoyed the films that are usually scorned: "The Five", just to grant me happiness by seeing beautiful and beautiful Brigitte Fussie, who was memorable as a little girl in the "banned games"; "Health", because she got Lauren Bacall, Carroll Burnett, Wood and Glenda Jackson, all in the same cast; "Popeye", for this wonderful and surreal world, Oil Shelley Duvall's Olive and the wonderful locations of Malta; "OC & Stiggs" for its "flick against teenagers"; Her madness and to attend Genèvieve Page, which did her best to look stylish Parisian to get a traziest ... so I got up At one of his movies television representation, such as "The Dumb Waiter" and "sink". When there is not much plot to develop his films, you have wonderful performances, from Burnett, John Travolta, Kim Basinger or Jane Curtin. I am aware of and enjoy the different approaches and descriptions they offer to many of the different cultures of the United States. It is unfortunate that the genius rarely appreciates, and it always forgets when the time comes to give prizes and American awards. It is not your usual main funding for illusions. Is more than a dissident. So it's not surprising for me to find a lot of bad reviews published here about the "ginger man", his most "mainstream" effort to date and to my knowledge. I did not know there were so many people who thought like Leonard Maltaine, who does not like Altman at all. In this case, one might hate "ginger man", but the reason for me is the relationship of Grisham rather than being a screenwriter. Some of Altman's commercial brands are present here: improvised dialogue, fantastic offers, a funny lawyer's office with an unorthodox receptionist and secretary. Although some people find it boring, I found the first great work, thanks to the great cinematography by Changwei Gu, the man who shot "Red Sorghum", "Ju Dou" and "Farewell My Concubine." He has a way to show the same things we see in other American films, but under a different light. Through a "foreign look", everything seems almost new and different. In this first chapter, things were very logical and correct! Wait until you get older. You may have a problem if you fall under the weight of a younger and nicer person like Embeth Davidtz. I know myself what I did fascinated by someone smaller than me! Then you have repelled Robert Duval, his mysterious character, while Giraldo storm threatens Savannah. The second act becomes a little fake and funny, because Altman may have had a smile. I remember laughing loudly in several cases with his sarcastic remarks. I think he was doing a little bit of Prisht, and he was moving away from us, preparing us for the third act, the simple Hollywood movie. Altman does it with experience. Being a wise man and a clever graduate, fortunately, he was not caught in the movies of the movement today. He was directing a story of lust, greed and death. I was not a little disappointed with the film. If you give it nine instead of 10, it's because of Grisham. The American reader turned him into a best-selling author. So why complain? Perhaps we should thank Altman for showing us the welds in his stories, her tiles, her flattery and her curiosity. However, it does so with a lot of humor and sensitivity, so that I can only agree with the negative comments. To me, these people saw another film ... and vice versa.
