Robert Altman should not make such a film, but the fact that he did it and turned out to be a good and very good film in this book, which is imbued with the tradition of sensational Grisham movies, shows a variety of praise. In Gingerbread Man, he has to work with something, unfortunately, has not always been very successful, or at least not the first thing in his checklist as a director: plot. One of those large plots is the boiler with a large quantity of boilers, where a flabby lawyer is employed by a desperate low-class woman, and then an evil figure is associated with her life in the most amazing way. Yada Yada. Surprisingly, Altman really wants to face one of these "I've seen it coming from there!" Endings, or just semi-conventional excitement. <br /> <br /> But it is surprising that it pays off, because it is strange that Altman is able to catch up with some of this very good behavior, or rather be able to deliberately persuade her out of a very good cast, from a small Georgian town environment. The film is dripping with the atmosphere (if not the great craftsmanship, sometimes good and sometimes well-suited to the Altman), where Savannah is likely to be hit by a major hurricane, swamps, marshes and rain keeping things soaked and moist. So the atmosphere is really strong, but also the performance of (sometimes) hysterical Kenneth Branagh, Impate Davitz as a "woman" whose lawyer Barano is involved in, and Robert Downey Jr. (when not well?) The private detective in hiring Branaugh. Have you neglected Robert Duvall, who in just five minutes of screen time makes this impression indelible to suspend the bad feelings in the picture? <br /> <br /> As has been said, some plot is a bit weak, or just a kind of standard (absolute lawyer, looming bitter nursery fights, innocent children and idiots), but at the same time I think that Altman saw something captivating in Article , Something darker than some other Gresham works that have this status somehow. If they are not quite ingenious, they still work on their limited terms as vaguely what happens, South Noir.
