Steven Spielberg wanted to win the Oscars so badly that he thought he would not win by directing special effects vocals (he was nominated for three of them: Close Encounters of Type III, Lost Ship Raiders, ET: The Extra-Terrestrial, So he decided to become very serious by directing "The Color Purple," an old film without any special effects. "The first serious drama of Spielberg is a wonderful film, but the Academy voters who voted in 1985 still gave Spielberg no respect. Color Purple "received 11 Oscar nominations including Best Picture, but Spielberg was unfairly ignored when he was not nominated for Best Director. The Oscar was one, completely closed, it was not true, it was supposed to be "purple" won some Oscars, including one film about the stunning "Wobi Goldberg" in which Kelly appeared, a woman suffering From the hands of an abusive husband (frighteningly placed by Danny Glover), and then gets the tronger nights throughout the film thanks to some special friends. Oprah Winfrey also made her first film here, and performed a great performance like Sophia, a friend of Sealy. Since I was from Chicago, I already knew Winfrey from her talk show (which was not the time to issue these films all over the country). Like Goldberg, what a movie debut! Margaret Avery is as wonderful as Shug Avery, another girlfriend who happens to be the mistress of a corrupt Sealy husband. The three actresses have received well-deserved Oscar nominations for their work here (Goldberg for Best Actress, Winfrey and Avery for Best Supporting Actress). "The Color Purple" is located in the south during the first half of the 20th century, a film so strong that it made me cry in the end. He also made me laugh sometimes. Why were academic voters hard on Spielberg's nomination for best director? It's a mystery that still puzzles me today. But Spielberg will eventually win two years of the Oscars afterward for "Schindler's List" and "Saving Ryan," making him one of the best film directors ever. But must have been nominated for this film. His task of special effects films such as "E.T." For a serious drama like "Purple" was wonderful. <br /> <br /> **** (out of four)
