At Joel Schumacher, you have one of the most controversial filmmakers ever. But this is a common knowledge; I think his main problem is the range of species he covers while at the same time failing to develop any particular species that might describe him as an author. Hitchcock loved his suspense and horror / his teaser. Chaplin loves comedy. Scorsese loves mafia stories committed by crime among other things, and Spielberg likes his big-budget adventure films that combine enough violence for adults and fun for children. Another of the more obscure examples is Kubrick and Wiles, who have covered so much to write about here. <br /> <br /> But Schumacher is a kind of man who makes a flawed film about a great idea or a very interesting film about which there seems to be a seemingly boring hypothesis. The idea of ​​"falling" was a wonderful idea behind it, but I found it flawed and controversial with a lot of scenes that rely on comedy. Batman is a champion. The superhero movies have been a great success recently, so how he managed to produce only one film, but two awesome superheroes. Then comes 8mm. A film with a basic premise is performed in an impressive way before Tigerland and is the best Schumacher film of what I've seen so far, in my opinion. With the type of war, laughter is not something you would like to connect with most of the time. I can remember the irony of the absurdity of landing D-Day while saving a soldier. Ryan: At the time I saw the film for the first time, I did not know much about the World War II bar when it started and ended. My eyebrows were high, my mouth a little open and with a weak "I can not believe she was smiling" on my face. Needless to say, because of this film I searched for more about what this event was and the war as a whole. In Tigerland, you are invited to laugh at the absurdity of the war through Bozz (Farrell), a tough and arrogant soldier trained for the Vietnam War. <br /> <br /> But what is clever here is that there is no jaw war dropping scenes of fighting, death and destruction; only one man and his battle with the system for most of the time. The things he says and the daring he deals with his plight remind us of a child in school finishing a series of teachers at a very strict boarding school. Tigerland may be borrowed from Full Metal Jacket, which I think is a training routine for the Vietnam War, but vanity and upper style play a bigger role here, I think. The upper ego that is the drill sergeant rises against Boz whose ego is so great. There is also the third part of the Freud triangle that infiltrates the Bozz: identifier. In comparison to all the other soldiers who have all the bragging, Bozz is the only brave enough to show him in front of the sergeants, indicating that he allows what he should not do to pop up and express himself: "You all died in this position!" "any questions?" "Yes, if you're dead, how can I ask a question?" He responds to Bozz, whose punishments seem to be such as pressure on dirt and eating dirt to shake him up in a true identifier; <br /> <br /> Also with regard to the top, Booz is sometimes trying to lead a group of soldiers in field training. This is something that the current team leader can not do, suggesting that he lacks both the elegance required for the job and the confidence in telling Booz that he is responsible. The following is a real conversation between Booz and the current drill sergeant who gives him his Christian name. This is where the character of the soldier, Whigham, bursts out: his unbridled anger is uncontrollable in Bozz at a certain time, culminating in the only true scenes of the film in a shoot-out, in the form of a training exercise in the river. Wilson can not control his motives and dislike towards Bozz and act out. <br /> <br /> What I also liked about Tigerland is that it was shot in a brave way. While lacking innovation, Tigerland seems to use a stock of lower-grade films or less-distinctive cameras. Make no mistake that this film could have had a nice appearance with lots of colors and attractiveness. However, we got a documentary approach in the last section, which makes everything look like it was filmed on a typical typical TV camera; the focus on the hand is also obvious, but Schumacher is clever: the film is never allowed to become much like a joke, The same time that a movie's budget can be half what it used to be. Spielberg said he wanted to save the soldier Ryan as a real shot or something like he was recorded from the scenes of war. <br /> <br /> While Tiggerland was funny and very enjoyable. It is still a fascinating study of what makes people decide. Not necessarily in war but as close as possible. Her study of one man and the amount of dislike the system that he can not even take seriously, is as wonderful as every soldier's engine. There are many memorable scenes and situations that culminate in a happy, if not happy, ending that will open your mind and make you think of what might already be the case in the military.
