The journey of Will and Ted Bodius is an existential journey through the themes of death, religion, time, heaven and hell, man's quest for fame and his fears of the body being overcome by a machine without spirit. It is the most intelligent fictional business since Paradise Lost, and refers to many great past works such as Dante, Iron Maiden, Virgil, and Shakespeare. This time, men are a famous rock band who have traveled through time to collect icons from Napoleon, Joan of Arc (Noah's wife), Oscar Wilde and Charles Darwin. They took the skills they learned from each of these people, kidnapped some princesses, and finally learned to run their own guitars and write successful songs. These songs teach the world love again and war, hunger and evil are defeated forever. We are moving quickly to the distant future where an evil dictator who despises good music called Simon Kau Al wants to rule the world. He eats Rocheus (the gentle man from the first movie that helps Bill Playboy and Esquire and Ted Theodore Alvin) and gains the ability to send two cyborg back in time. Cyborg is a living tissue above a metal structure and encased in imitation poly alloys that allow them to survive during travel disorder over time, and they can imitate anything they take through physical contact. It is their duty to kill Biff and Good Fred and grab their lives through the awesome music industry no one can love. By doing this, they will change the world forever - the music of Gryll and Jed will not make a world of war, famine, hate, and more annoying, cute pop / cute boy. There is an amazing development where the good people are actually killed and they have to find a way to save the world and themselves and their wives from evil Dopplebangers who inhabit their bodies. <br /> <br /> Penelope Spearhead shows her knowledge of both young culture and true culture by blending modern music and phrases with post-modern groups and technical references, and seeks to teach us everything by delving into ourselves to show ourselves. It presents the nightmares of the late 1980s in a society that had abandoned it and asked us to characterize the post-structuralism, self-love, and feeling of distress at the time. Charging us with the belief that we are truly capable of changing the world is an inspirational message, but in order to realize these dreams, we must cross our nightmares and face them already. Overcoming success is success, and defeating death is the first step in real life and not just survival. In the words of Kenneth Reeves- "Wow!" Best Scene: For a fun game - find out how many magazines, songs, and songs cover the references you can see during the movie. There are at least 6.
