1991 saw the best consecutive release at all times: Terminator 2: Arbitration Day and BILL & TED'S BOGUS JOURNYY. From Monday, I've always loved the scenic BILL & TED trip a little better. Expanded 2: Arbitration Day is the best, but there is nothing like Bill and Ted. Along with Chris Farley and David Speed ​​at TOMMY BOY, it's hard to think of a larger comedy duo than Bill and Ted. It is one of a kind. <br /> <br /> Apparently influenced by O.C. Stiggs, Bill and Ted were created by Ed Solomon and Chris Matheson, two incredibly talented writers who invented the duo while performing at a local theater in Los Angeles in the 1980s. The two quickly began writing a screenplay about two long before the BILL & TED'S EXCELLENT adventure was born. The film, which was filmed in 1987 and released in 1989, became a great success at the box office and classic instant worship. It was not long before the work began on the sequel. Stephen Herc, the director of "EXCELLENT ADVENTURE" was not eager to work on the sequel because he considered it more enthusiastic. Unlike the first, Peter Hewitt, who made his first film, was brought to the film for a sequel. There can be no better manager for this position. BILL & TED'S A fantastic guided tour It is full of its unique style and unique energy that can not be matched. <br /> <br /> What makes "BOGUS JOURNEY" one of the best results at all is that while it is darker than the original, it is just as fun it does not change characters like most of the sequence. Bill and Ted are the same beloved characters they were in the first film. This is because it was written by the original authors. Most of the sequences are not written by the same book as the first book, but since "BOGUS JOURNEY" had the same script, it ended up with the same quality of "excellent adventures" if not better. Just like the first, the BOGUS JOURNEY journey is very fun, well written, fun and above all original. It is full of amazing special effects and great comedy shows from Alex Winter, Keanu Reeves and William Sadler. It is an unforgettable journey. 10/10
