This is the first American film to successfully adopt the natural style used by Europeans, especially the French and Belgians, for at least ten years, right? After three high school girls in the Crown Heights neighborhood of Brooklyn during the last days of summer vacation between a freshman and a freshman year, it does what all good arts must: Discover the world in particular. Although the girls' concerns are ostensibly traditional - boys, sex, fame, money, freedom, clothing - we all see how their lives are shaped, and the global interaction between personality and destiny. <br /> <br /> Natural full, complete. The film breathes, stays for now, lives in real time. The story tells itself. Means and artifacts, for once, are not the message. The film tirelessly conveys the perspective of childhood to its characters; it does not impose its own meanings or morals on adults. The details that appear on their own, are never paid, and therefore look more realistic and powerful in terms of understated value. Although much pain has been done to capture the authentic social reality of Crown Heights, part of the largest Jewish community in New York City and one of the most dangerous places in the United States, the theme is childhood in the Jewish Quarter, not the Jewish Quarter. itself. <br /> <br /> Documentary footage of the march sessions of Jackie Robinson Steppers intersects the film at regular intervals with an explosion in color, motion and sound. Otherwise, the camera remains very close, very intimate, patient, malignant, and unobtrusive. The language is rich, spontaneous, transparent representation. Some scenes stand out, like the girls who live, and each reveals their deepest imaginations. Lanisha's recognition of her acceptance of death by indiscriminate violence is the most shocking, one of the deepest scars of the Jewish Quarter. Her involvement with her mother is confused and her fear before the difficult challenges of adult life moves equally, and her emphasis is beautiful and not positive. <br /> <br /> Social facts are respected, not promoted: All three girls are raised, only one, Lansha, has an active father in her life (not coincidentally, among the three most stable and emotional mothers of others, And the most self-respecting father). Two of them suffer from asthma, a disease that is disproportionately prevalent in the inner city. Fire, an acceptable daily event, interrupts their conversation only. Only one of the girls, Joy, feels hopeful, feels that she is in control of the future, while other degrees are already accepted to varying degrees already despair. <br /> <br /> This is the best dramatic American movie I've seen in years. His vision, his vision, his vision.
