It reflected the return to the days when my friends took the scent of smell into existence in my own time when I was 16 years old. The small moments of this film are extremely accurate and are consistent with what is going on in the minds and hearts of young girls during those teenage teens. Now at my age I want to preach about their decisions and how life during those times is not as important as everything seems at those moments. If they can be patient in their youth and wait to experience the difficulties of life on both the external and internal levels, life will be sweeter. But again, young people today face some changes that I have never had to deal with. <br /> <br /> The three main characters who played well with the three actors (Kerry Wahrington-Lanisha, Anna Simpson-Jocelyn and Melissa Martinez-Maria) give us a very believable picture of the young girls who live in poor situations. They all lived a poor family life that was raised by single mothers with the expectation that her father was present but did not support her on a daily basis. They have lost educational systems and lack direct contact with example. These situations affect them strongly and are their reality, but all this does not give rise to serious concern for these young women in their daily lives. Except for their plight and their focus on the same things that young girls are interested in all over the world. Find true love in males, having good friends you can rely on, and gain some respect / love and responsibility from parents and enjoy life. This film was about the race, age and gender gap imposed on him by his characters and the preparation he sealed. <br /> <br /> MacKay's director and writer explains on the DVD how each scene has reached its head by observing only young people of that age who lived in those species. In addition, you add three female actors who have not been removed from that time in their lives so that they get a real good synergy of reality and act at their best. The only thing I know (African Americans and Afro-Latino) is that there is always a family member or spiritual neighbor in the foreground or near the ground who believes in a better day, a better life and a future despite the current situation and the role of modeling it to some extent. This film is never addressed for non-preaching and I understand it, but it also narrows the culture because there is no hope of anything else. <br /> <br /> The Factor of Hope: Thinking now about my future and where I come from and say as I did to Anisha "Today is a good day." Yes, poverty still exists, racism, sexual discrimination and any other ideology we can add. Yes some of each of these little girls business perpetuate the creed and self-destruction, everything around them is poor but none of those past or present acts nor their environment leaves them without hope for a bright future. I left with the sad hope of both the characters and a deeper desire to set an example in the lives of some young girls on the verge of making a devastating decision. I suppose this is the value of a film that should not only highlight entertainment, but also make each of us think, think and act in a positive way to make this world a better place. <br /> <br />
