"One day, we'll walk in the beautiful sunshine ... One day, when the world is brighter" - The Five Stairsteps "Ooh Child" <br /> <br /> Films usually include black teenagers, inner city gangs that trade drugs Or commit acts of violence on hip-hop music. It's hard to find movies about the everyday problems of ordinary teenagers in the city, but there is an undiscovered gem I would recommend. Our song, by Jim McKay, is about three girls at the Crown Heights section in Brooklyn who learn that their high school will be shut down for asbestos removal and must decide their future direction, which may involve walking in separate ways. The story is listed from the perspective of a 15-year-old boy, not from an adult who remembers the past as in most of the upcoming films. Avoid mandatory slang in the streets and excessive use of the F words, they provide a sincere and loving image of three friends at a crossroads in their lives. The girls: Lanisha (Kerry Washington), Joycelein (Anna Simpson), and Maria (Melissa Martinez) in their sophomore year at the local high school. They are active members of the Jackie Robinson Steppers, a real marching band whose experiences on Labor Day march bring discipline and purpose to their lives. <br /> <br /> Like Washington George Gordon George Washington, but less bland, the film features non-professional black and Latin actors with Kerry Washington in the lead. Although the performances have some moments of abyss, I participated in the story so much that I forgot that the girls are acting. Maria, whose father is in prison, learned that she was pregnant by Terrell, a local student. She wants to have a baby despite the fact that she is just 15 years old and learn that Terrell may not be of much use. Joycelyn works in a high fashion store but dreams of becoming a singer. In a very moving scene in her bedroom, pretending to be talking to her fans, then lying down on the bed to read one of her poems. She is close to Lanisha and Maria at first but she drifts to make friends outside the neighborhood. None of the girls got much support at home and Maria was very scared of telling her mother about her child. However, single mothers are not the instincts of films or alcoholics. They are warm and loving parents, and time is limited to their children because of family pressure. <br /> <br /> Lanisha's parents are divorced but able to visit her father, the doorman in a luxury apartment building and talk about music. Her mother feels relieved when she learns that Anisha has a girlfriend in the neighborhood who committed suicide, a somewhat melodramatic conspiracy in a realistic film. By the end of the summer, the girls are drifting and each one of them takes on a different course. There are no great dramatic moments, but only a sad acknowledgment of the inevitability of change. Although we do not refrain from the frustrations that might await them, we sympathize with their hopes and dreams without going into the negative. Our song is an emotionally satisfying film about originated in projects that refuse to see life in any other conditions other than possibility.
