When you start watching this cartoon masterpiece, you quickly notice that it is European production. Although the Europeans have unfortunately combined some of the clichés you usually find in American production of this kind, most of them are missing. One of these things is that there is an overwhelming evil that can only defeat our heroes (very few and very unlikely). Another is that one of the group is only in business for money, greedy, and escapes when the heat rises but somehow surrenders to its better nature. This film was better off without both. <br /> <br /> The film is based on a television series that was screened four years before the film. Unlike the movie, television series are animated, not animated, computer graphics. At first I thought the computer would kill the charm and character of the plot but I was quickly convinced: who knew his own animation! Although the characters are clearly fictional (in the footage does not look real), they look as lively and emotional as the audience after their quest. Making characters who are "normal" can be considered distorted (those little legs can never carry this giant body, let alone make it jump) more alive and well than just "highlighting"! Creating the world is another masterpiece. Not because of its appearance but because of its innovation. The world to which our heroes travel is not as solid as our travels, but it consists of many pieces of land that differ in shape and size and seem to float in the air. When a person steps on a smaller part of the ground, it is slightly tinged as if it were hanging from the weight. In some cases, progress no longer applies but our heroes are still able to get a foothold somewhere. Although the floating island world is completely surreal, it is in this film quite believable, and shortly after it does not seem any stranger than jogging in a car somewhere in New York. <br /> <br /> I wrote that world looks are not as breathtaking as the idea. It is true that this may be in my opinion, the quality of the world and characters and attention to detail is amazing. Although the faces of the characters have relatively few features, the emotions can be read clearly as in the face of Sean Connery or the face of Dustin Hoffman. The world around the characters is wonderfully colored and there are no similar settings. The background is always in motion, something is always happening which makes the world seem more vibrant. If you pause the movie and look at the background, you'll be surprised at how many details you can find. <br /> <br /> The presence of Hector places the cherries in the foreground. Hector is a small furry "thing" (probably the equivalent of a dog in our world) and he is very lovable and funny. Although it is not really important for the master planner, it will miss like Scrat in Ice Ice. The really wonderful thing about Hector is that you need to talk to Gubrich to understand him. <br /> <br /> If the movie is great, why not give it 10 stars? Well, the plot itself was rather thin. Two hunters are sent to save the world from a really bad dragon that wants to swallow the world, not really originally. This in itself will not be a big problem. What I missed was basic information. What kind of dragon was this and why did they look that way? I love mythical stories, but if they are too thin, they seem to be written after the film ends in a weak attempt to give the whole thing some depth. <br /> <br /> Another thing I did not like was Zoé. Although a young girl like her can be considered adorable, she felt a little pain in this film. She seemed to be very resistant to all kinds of learning about reality, and she was still dreaming of some of the heroes of the storybook and basically slowing down others. It would have been fine if she had developed a little more and a little earlier in the film - or less daring at first. For me the idea of ​​this girl that was there to twist the story backfire on the book. <br /> <br /> In general, this is a really good movie for almost all ages.
