My first impression is that this is just Beowulf with all the good pieces to fight Grendel and the dragons intact, making it a thrill journey from start to finish. Frederick Lanauer and Arthur Guak proved that they created an imaginative view that turns into a character in their own story. The ever-changing environment is formed by small areas of the earth floating around, which can be either arid or spherical. Of green spaces. <br /> <br /> The story is simple, it tells of a land that calms down while waiting for a great dragon's visit to be looted and destroyed. The granddaughter of King Zoe (Mary Drayon) who brings together Lian Chu (Vincent Lyndon), a huge monster with tremendous strength but a really cute giant, and his partner in arms Gwizdo (Patrick Timset), who balances his partnership with his cunning brain. Yan-Chu and Gwendo (along with their first-born carnivorous creature) share a common dream of owning a farmland and spending the days of romance that tend to farm their own animals in retirement, but to do so comes provided they are free Financially, and hence his career in the extermination of the beast that does not pay off completely. <br /> <br /> This is the essence of the whole thing, but what makes this film a spectacle is its CG graphics, which are characterized by a rich, detailed, and miraculous power that has emerged. It contains some great movement sets that have been carefully designed for deep movement, and during these combat sequences, there is a dull moment. Realistic moments from the non-existent landscape make you put the fantasy of imagination aside, and make it easy for you to be in the splendor of the landscape that exceeds the usual three rays of the sun and the shapes of the wonderful flying things (George)! I could not get enough of the final battle either, Although the usual bats of bricks will find some errors in the incompetence of the main characters. <br /> <br /> I think this film has opened my eyes that there are many computer animation companies around the world that have quality in their products to suit Pixar products. This is definitely a film that can be learned by filmmakers in Zodiac: The Race Begins and Legend of the Sea? To keep the story simple and effective, let your animated artwork do all the talking. Definitely highly recommended!
