At first, I thought that the "secret sunshine" had something important to say religion (and here is Christianity), and wondered if that would be a noisy thing against the blindness of blind faith, or the power of manipulation of those presumed to be holy. Surprisingly it was not of any kind and was largely unregulated, where the events were actually put, allowing the public to draw his judgment and conclusion. <br /> <br /> I can not. Help you just laugh at the role of Sung Kang Ho, the man who was loved by the widow Je (Do-yeon), and begins to go to the church when she does. Reasons to go to church Many I suppose, either I find peace internally, or ask for help, or fear of eternal damnation in Hellfire, or reassertion of faith, or even things like wanting to marry in a church, or chasing a skirt (I do not care you ). But for all his reasons to go to the church every Sunday and participate in prayer groups to get fellowship, what is really dangerous, is when hidden hidden motives, do not feel good, when frustration begins. Or when you discover how a hypocritical man can be, portraying one face within the house of God, and showing another face outside. <br /> <br /> Shin-ae and her son Jun move to Miryang, the hometown of her deceased husband. . Wanting to start life again, opening a piano store to give lessons, even though she discovered the freedom she discovered in a new moment. In the absence of a good rule at one point, she fell into another tragedy. This takes an hour to get to. Secret Sunshine really took time to get to this point, where things start to become more interesting with the embrace of Shin-ae now to embrace religion to deal with its current state and accept it, that comfortable religion, and its faithful colleagues, can offer. <br /> <br /> What began to scream for sympathy turns into acceptance and the belief that religion offers that silver bullet to solve the ills of all mankind, and sometimes you wonder whether it is because of your personal view of myopia what God does for you, that You begin to adopt a somewhat selfish view that everything is going your way, and in the case of Shin, its evil attitude of wanting to forgive others who have infringed on it, and forgetting something very fundamental that can break the feeling in both directions as well. <br /> <br /> Probably the last action is the most fun in terms of it says a lot, where most of us can communicate with him - why me and why there is no other person, we are in anger against our faith and start questions, unfortunately, with no Difficult and fast answers are available. Then either we fall on the side of the road, or continue our destructive destructive actions. But somehow, the plug is pulled carefully in Secret Sunshine so as not to be insulted, and what could have been a mouthpiece with an ugly character was muted. <br /> <br /> If you bite into the fuss that this film generates, you might just realize that the excellent shooting of the Jeong Down is noteworthy, because it has its role exactly as the widow of Shin-Ain, who may be the most fortunate on earth in having to To deal with these many tragedies in a short period of time, and if you look at it carefully, most of them do. Watching its transformation is worth the price of the ticket, and despite the presence of my favorite Korean actor Song Kang Ho in the film, this is something I just wore.
