The most interesting thing about Miryang (Secret Sunshine) is the actors. Jeon Do Yun, as the main character Li Xinxin, is a woman with a young son whose husband died in a tragic accident, and left Seoul to live in Mireang, which was his hometown, with her young son. . Jeon's face is very variable. She is an attractive girl, elegant, elegant, old and sad, desperate and happy, and terribly isolated by turns, all in her face. The film is also starring Song Kang as Kim, the man he met when her car broke down when she arrived in Mireang, which runs into the city's garage, and followed her all the time afterwards, despite her apparent lack of interest in the show. Song is the biggest star in Korea now, famous for his work with Park Chan-wook and Bong Joon-ho (sympathy for Mr. Vengeance; memories of homicide and host). However, here plays a beloved figure, a man almost forgotten. But of course it makes it interesting and attractive. It is the basic ballast to maintain the character of the gin of the float. <br /> <br /> Li Xin is a piano teacher. She comes to the new town, a neutral place, a kind of poor Seoul, a town "like anywhere else," Kim says (just like anyone else). Her little boy is frankly hurt, and the young boys are exposed, but they are clearly hurt and sometimes drawn. His father used to snore, and when he longed for him he lay awake and pretended to snore. Go to school, Shin-ae meets with parents, students and shopkeepers. There is a sense of place in the film, although the place is somewhere "anywhere". People speak local dialect, everyone knows everything, and immediately notes the origin of Shin-ae in Seoul. Is life more harsh here, away from the big city and its evolution? Shin-ae does not seem to realize the danger it represents. <br /> <br /> Something terrible happens. Shin-ae does not necessarily deal with it in the best possible way. But it happens and you must face the consequences. But she can not. Go to pieces. The culprit was arrested, but this is no consolation. Eventually, she became very desperate, stepping down and going to a reborn Christian meeting, and one of her acquaintances urged her to come. You find peace and release with this. But when I decided not only to ignore the perpetrator but to go to jail to tell him about it, this experience is full of paradoxes and destroying it again. She became bitter and desperate and no longer solace in religion. It gets worse. <br /> <br /> Jeon Do Yun gives her everything in this very hard and prototypical role. I may have Zhang Dong as a very good manager. If a representative of Sung Kang's status is very impressed with him, this is convincing. According to Scott Fondas of Los Angeles Weekly, Lee's first three films, Green Fish (1997), Mint Candy (2000) and Oasis (2002) have described him as "one of the leading figures in his country's recent film renaissance." But this is not a successful film like the other Korean directors I've seen, like Young Sang Su, Bong John Ho, and the hugely talented Park Chan Walk. It may actually start as Foundas says as a kind of "Asian Alice does not live here anymore" and then "suddenly and without warning" turns into "a bit of excitement, and after some time a nearly presonic study of human suffering." But this progress does not It seems random and indigestion only. The film flips and loses momentum at the end and then simply fades, without any feeling of an end. There are also weaknesses in the work. Shin-ae takes foolish opportunities with her son and takes bad choices all the time. If she is going to be mad at Betty Blue at Jean-Jacques Beineix's Betty Blue, which may explain her exotic and wrong choices, this is not something that was developed properly. This is an interesting film, certainly a disturbing movie, but leaves no one doubtful and unsatisfied, having put it into an emotional gang. <br /> <br /> An official selection from the New York Film Festival at the Lincoln Center, 2007 - a recent event by Korean directors in the recent past.
