Korean cinema can be amazing for Western audiences, given the variety of tones and types you can find in the same movie. In Coreen's drama like "Secret Sunshine," you'll also find some comedies, thriller scenes, and romantic times. "There is no tragedy in life only, there is also a tragic comedy," she says in one of the stages of the personal film, interpreted by Song Kang Ho, which sums up the mix of the picture. But do not get me wrong, this homogeneity in the genre the film deals with adds to the experience of this rich film for viewers. This does not mean that it lacks unity; on the contrary, it is rare to see a dense and deep picture of a woman suffering from pain. <br /> <br /> Shin-ae, who is looking for a quiet life with her son giving in her late husband's town, with all the different faces of the suffering she is going through, is the unity of this film. A realistic part is scanned through psychological descriptions of all the stages of the poor mother. Disability, loss, anger, faith, reality: The film drops all the steps that characterize it, and seems like a psychological catalog of all the stages of suffering that women can face. <br /> <br /> The only thing is to accept what may seem like a conceptual experience (the woman wears a tragedy mask, represents the man's comic separators) and let the filmmakers communicate with you. I must say that some parts of the film actually moved me (especially at the beginning), especially those related to the inability of Zhang Joan to help the person he really loves, but also the accumulation of suffering emotionally exhausted to the end. However, some film ideas are very exciting and surprising (the scene in which a body is discovered in an amazing big shot, for example). This kind of scene makes "Secret Sunshine" equivalent to "The Host" for horror movies or "Memories of kill" for excitement. These films are truly amazing, the most creative, not aesthetically pleasing, and have managed to give yet another dimension to the species they deal with. The only thing forgotten by "Secret Sunshine", such as "host" to be scary, is to make her audience cry: bad point to melodrama, but a good point for a good film.
