"Sun Sunshine" is the return of Li Changdong to filmmaking after years of absence. After three critically acclaimed films under his belt, he has now recruited veteran veteran Jeon Duyun and her great talents (Kan's) to the role of Lee Xinyi. The following is a journey through the tragedy of a woman and the exploration of her coping mechanisms. <br /> <br /> One of the things that became clear during the observation of Secret Sunshine is that I do not really care to follow any specific type, but rather pick up the type attributes when necessary to convey what you are trying to convey. The same story follows Chennai as she moves with her son to the city of Mellang (which translates China into two covert rays of the sun). She moved to Mellang following her husband's death as his hometown, so the film was born of tragedy. She believes things can get better when she opens up a piano store and faces a bit of a gentle, mechanic gentleman Jongchan (played by Song Kango). But this is not a romantic comedy. <br /> <br /> As we (and Jungchan stubbornly) follow Chenna as she confronts Miliang and the fate she stores for her, the cracks in her armor soon become clear. She is a troubled woman who is trying to understand her power to overcome the tragedy and we watch her as she finds out that she is not enough. Secret Sunshine is still able to follow the mostly arcane dramatic arc, but retreats from the vent, which may confuse some viewers, especially the end, but the narrative characterism on behalf of Milyang and the sunshine discussions and images used in the film has left me well, more than that. <br /> <br /> Ms. Jeune is impressive all the time, especially since, if the role is not good, she quickly turns into a somewhat painful melodrama, but embodies the subtle nuances of China's attempts to deal with her losses with precision. Mr. Song plays a lesser role in this film than other films, but he plays an appropriate role, giving Ms. Jeune a suitable venue. Technically, the film is well done in the classic sense. There are no glamorous aesthetics here - it is clear that the director tries to let the story tell itself. I think my only real complaint, which I may not be able to fix, is that despite all the time we spend with Shinae, there is a short distance between Shinae and the public (or at least, I). I think some of this stems from the nature of work, because if you are fully sympathetic, we will not be able to see the problems that Shinae has faced objectively. On the other hand, I have never felt comfortable with the plight of Sheena, despite her frequent tears and irregular behavior. <br /> <br /> Still, the film remains very poignant, especially as it stimulated me to think about it, and its other meanings and interactions about tragedy, adaptation, self-deception, isolation and faith are well with me after the credits expire. Driven by strong performance, I did not notice frankly the run time of 2.25 hours. This says something. Well done. 10/08.
