Secret Sunshine (2007) is known for its Cannes Film Festival awards in 2007 and other film festivals. Jeon Do Yun, who played the role of Shen Widow recently, won the Best Actress Award at the 60th Cannes Festival. Secret Sunshine was also awarded the Best Feature Film and Jeon-Do Yeon won the Best Actress Award from the Asia Pacific Screen Awards. In addition, this film won the best film awards in almost all Korean film festivals. "Secret Sunshine", written, directed and illustrated, uniquely expressed the hope and salvation that can be found when life is painful because of the ongoing tragedy. This film also spoke about the forgiveness of God and the people. "In a broad sense, I wanted to express what love is, and this film can be melodrama in a sense, and without love, we can not speak of hope and salvation," said Zhang Dong, director and writer of the film, in an interview. I certify that Secret Sunshine does not have a clear type. This film is not a film about religion, but it drew attention from many Christians in Korea because there are so many Christian elements in the film. <br /> <br /> The turning point in Secret Sunshine comes when Jun, Shin-Ben Abdullah, is kidnapped and killed. The kidnapper asks about the money because he assumes that since she can buy the land, she must be rich. Her liars caused a lot of grief. <br /> <br /> Shin-ae becomes a church leader and wants to forgive the murderer. She decided to visit her son's murderer in prison and forgive him. "Just forgive your heart, do you have to go to jail?" Says Jung Chan, a young friend of Shin Ai. Her church colleagues chant to her and say they will come for her. Her patron agrees on what you want to do. This is a sad moment because it is premature to do something. The result of the encounter with the killer is another turning point in the life of Shin I. The murderer says with a peaceful smile that God has already forgiven him. This infuriates God. She says, "How can you forgive a man before I forgive?" <br /> <br /> I started fighting against God. She looks up at the sky and declares: "I will not lose you." Become a trap, her heart is a trap, her hands are chains. It is more bitter than death. They become crazier and crazier and are sent to a mental hospital. The day Shen-A leaves the hospital, she goes to a beauty parlor and sees a familiar face. The daughter of her son's killer works in the store and cuts her hair. The daughter of the murderer helped kidnap Son Shin A. While cutting Shin-ae hair, the hero can not understand what is going on and out of the store quickly. <br /> <br /> It's hard not to talk about Jong-chan in the movie. Jong-chan makes every effort to be next to the Shin-ae team. Although Shin A does not care about him at all, he is next to her all the time. Shin-ae leaves the church quickly, but Jong-chan, who started attending the church because of Shin-a, remains there because he feels peace with God. Lee Chang-dong, director of Secret Sunshine, says Jong-chan looks like Milyang, or rural city or vice versa. He seems to be "very secular and trivial, but he is always behind two steps and takes care of them. "Someone joked that Jong-chan could be an angel, and I think he could be an angel." Who knows? We can not say for certain that there is no angel. " If there is someone like Jong-chan who accompanies forever the vicissitudes and turns of his beloved, we can defend ourselves against the tyrants. The life of Shin-ae is full of meaningless. Her husband died after being tricked, and her only son was brutally murdered by a murderer after she moved to her husband's hometown. Her spirit was damaged because she learned Christianity in the wrong way? This makes them crazy, literally. It is very easy to say that her life is full of meaningless. Do you still have hope in her life? Can you find meaning in her life? The last scene gives us hope. Shin-ae is trying to cut her own hair: we are going on our own journey of life. However, they realize that it is difficult to do it themselves, and we know that we can not do everything ourselves. We see Mahjong-chan holding her mirror as she cuts her hair. This is her hope. She has Jung Chan next to her and is willing to help her in any situation she has been. As reported earlier, Jung Chan is like her angel. If we feel that there is always an angel next to us and behind us, we can find joy in life even though we face adversity in our lives. <br /> <br /> Secret Sunshine was a hot topic for talks in Korea. It is like the Da Vinci Code. While the Da Vinci Code helps us to discuss early church history, Secret Sunshine demands that we deal with the chaos of life and create meaning when life seems unlikely. With a shallow interpretation of the film, people misunderstand Christianity and theology. With a deeper interpretation, this film will help us see below the surface. Some people say they quit church worship after seeing Secret Sunshine, and Lee Chang-dong responded by saying: "They were already anti-Christ before they saw this film.
