Lee's Secret Sunshine is an emotional individual experience this year. It is a real, honest and honest piece of matter about the echoes of loss and a graceful Moorish reminder resonated with an amazing intensity of thought, yet remains as obscure as the emotions he notices. Through his stratified nature and his stunning view of the dynamics of small cities, Lee implicitly dismantled the traditional melodrama of Korea by deconstructing excessively contiguous cinemas to tear down the arches that form its characters and give it an overwhelming character to the stoic realism. <br /> <br /> The "Secret Sunshine" is an exciting and fast action throughout its 142-minute operating time. The first hour is full of courage to the end with textual hints, wonderful predictions and brilliant reflections of the tone created by human integrity. Taken from a short story, the film tells me its sensitivity to the intricacies of life, which was last seen in his unprecedented "Oasis". It is not only the emotional distress of the widow that sees the emotional distress of the widow through the scope of inquiry, but also the noisy existential currents that support the film when religion becomes a scapegoat in understanding the ugliness of human experience. <br /> <br /> The Do-yeon My Sun Award ("You You My Sunshine") is the best actress award at the Cannes Film Festival in 2007. Her performance as widow Shin-ae is still an unrelenting mystery. As personality transcends powers beyond its will, the sheer magnificence of this performance is an essential element in the troubled nature of the film. With Gyon writing for a cyclone after another, there is a tremendous sense of collapse that the film never approaches. Instead, he finds the delicate balance that drains the charged play and the subsequent departure from ordinary tragedies and its aftermath. Become the center of the film universe as well as our world. The film, filmed in the hand-crafted CinemaScope, destroys the movie of frames and fixtures by becoming quite sharp as it is quietly appalled when the camera never gives up its view of Shin-ae during times of happiness, guilt and remorse. <br /> <br /> Captures me the details of life in the suspicious small town of Mirang? The deflection of social attitudes, their uncomfortable stigma and destruction are the result of personal dramas. Shin-ae interactions with city dwellers rarely inspire profits, especially when performed only to be proportionate to their son, Jun (Seon Jung-yeop). One of his frequent acquaintances is Jong-chan (Song Kang-ho), a bachelor mechanic with unconfirmed intentions helping her on her way to Miryang in an open-ended magician sequence that has been assigned to a captivating stream of sunlight. Song has set himself up as a comedian in South Korea's biggest film, but his simple, low-resolution delivery here suggests the director's thinking of not having to reveal too much clearly. <br /> <br /> If the pain is ephemeral, then the sadness can not really dissipate. I find the complexity of the contour. When Shin-ae tries to walk in the path of reconciliation only to face an unimaginable heartbreak, she unquestionably employs the Fellowship of Evangelical Christianity as frustration for her grief. But Lee knows better when he understands that religion, in the context of the human painting of conflict and misery, is not a simple solution at all. But Lee never rebukes the essence of religion because it recognizes the value of salvation for some through higher power even if it serves some form of denial in others. The viewer in her last half dealing with religion does not allow herself to become very cynical, and this is an achievement in itself considering the number of directors who allow the material's momentum to capture what they need to say to be true in his story and characters. <br /> <br /> My first film since inviting him to his post as Minister of Culture and Tourism in his country is a relentless thesis on human suffering. In a senseless and real film, he passionately reveals that there is nothing as simple as emotional exhalation, but repression and alleviation of suffering. The "secret sunrise" leaves us with a soft mercy withdrawn from vanishing, indicating a deep understanding of despair and faith.
