I did not intend to write this review, but after reading the default review at the URL of this film, I felt compelled to write a response. Movie in superior word. Not worth the editorial review written by the author. I think the writer has completely missed the film's destination pretty much. In fact, I was also extinguished because of the excessive display of evangelical loyalties that occupied the middle of the film to a large extent. However, I have to beg with the references in it, this film in the end is not a propaganda piece for missionary work. I think what the director has shown is that religion is not enough to find all the answers, how religion is largely incapable of answering simple and simple questions that one might ask and all that religion offers is sometimes just ordinary nonsense of one kind or another. This does not show a valuable judgment on religion. We must remember that religion is transmitted and expressed by ordinary people, often good faith, who do not essentially monopolize the truth, and therefore religion can not finally provide the ultimate answers to some questions in life. In the end, it's a matter of faith. You have to take it on faith and that's it. If you are given faith, you can estimate any offer of faith. If faith is not granted, any offer of faith is burdensome. Thus, at the same time, it is useful to note the auditor's reaction to the film. In any case, the director tells us that one can choose not to accept the religious interpretation of events and answers to questions and although life continues and there is "secret sunshine" in this world that awaits all souls wounded their religious tendencies. This is the main message of the film! Please note the last scene of the film, if you do not get this! In the end, the film is gorgeous and thought-provoking - the exhibitor has questions to answer on your own. It is therefore a work of art that challenges you personally. I agree with the references in it, the evangelical things were a bit too much. However, given the above interpretation of religion as described in the film, I think the director was trying to balance the act that might not be called the missionary? Bashir! Actor Kang Ho Song was as wonderful as always. It is so balanced and perfect that it is stunning. He's definitely my favorite Korean actor. I know that actress Do-yeon Jeon was awarded the Best Actress Award for this film. However, I did not find any specialty in acting. It seems to get prizes, you just have to act really convincingly in hysterical and hysterical scenes and everything ?? All in all. If you do not like it? Please see it again and see if you get it! If that leaves you dissatisfied or uncomfortable or poses questions, think about it, if that is not what the director was actually aiming for through this film in the first place!
