Paul Verhoeven has one of the strangest artists in any major direction: he began producing art in the Netherlands of his hometown before moving to Hollywood where he began to make pieces of the kind that are often seen as mere entertainment by the crowd. The fourth man in 1983 was the last film he made before moving to the United States and appeared to be a transitional film for him. <br /> <br /> From the beginning of the fourth man's film, it is clear that the film will be seen from the perspective of the famous author Gerard the poor. In an apparent tribute to Carroll Reed's 1949 film, the film begins with an author making a trip to a crowd of literary fans. However, similarities end there, as Gerrard does not face any major complications before reaching the room and the speech itself goes on smoothly. Despite the relative ease with which this post is completed, we know that the author suffers from some anxiety because he has realistic fantasies about killing his roommate before leaving home, and also has a surrealistic imagination about a hotel he sees announcing and his eyes separate from the peephole. He sometimes faces the problem of keeping his fantasies separate from reality when a tale he tells is being misinterpreted and admits to "lying the truth until he no longer knows whether or not something is happening." <br /> <br /> The fourth man is full of surreal fantasies and dreams that are of greater concern because it is very easy to see how they relate to the events we have seen and because they sometimes predict events that do not suit them. " , This ends up being the most unusual film in this aspect of "Do not Look Now", and like this film, this film is full of mystery.In contrast to the film, the fourth man is very funny as Gerrard's deeply entrenched Catholic beliefs pervade every side Of aspects of his life including sexual life A female hairdresser knows him closely with the Bible, although he is afraid to remove a more important symbol of masculinity with her scissors.In a fantastical fantasy sequence that would make Louis Bonwell blush replace the man who attracted him to the Christ-size statue on the cross. < <br /> <br /> The fourth man is a horror film that can bring the viewer into the mind of the protagonist while still retaining some ambiguity: It certainly looks like Gerrard is in danger but it may be just "a lie to the truth." The film is also full of hidden visual code And non-hidden that helps make it a unique cinematic and satisfying cinematic experience.
