The presentation of DE VIERDE MAN (also known as the fourth man) is a somewhat troublesome and fairly fascinating experience. It is a very narrow and intense psychological mystery / excerpt from Dutchman Paul Verhoeven. He directed this film before it became big through his film "Free ticket to Hollywood" - FLESH + BLOOD. In a lot of user comments on this site, I noted Alfred Hitchcock. In fact, this film may be good Hitchcockian, but I also noticed the early Cronenberg touches (visceral), the flavors of David Lynch (surrealistic images linked to stories) and even Roman Polanski (plot preparation). Interestingly, the films of those directors I was thinking of while watching DE VIERDE MAN were made only after 1983, the year of the fourth man's release. So go to figure. <br /> <br /> This is due to the story of Gerard Reeve's original novel. Gerard Reeve is also a fictional name for the main character (a tormented writer, played by Geron Crab, balancing on a dangerous line of intense psychosis). Now, did anyone stop and think about the fact that the word "rêve" is a French word for "dream"? The film contains a lot of sequences that resemble a dream / nightmare, and often to such an extent that you do not always know if Gerrard is awake or dreaming himself. Could this be a coincidence ...? Maybe I just, but I do not think so. Rene Soutendijk is very amazing as a leading lady (in a role that requires a lot). She sometimes seems guilty of over-representation (in a subtle way). But this aspect was clearly intended to portray the character you play, since this film is progressing, you are not sure what this lady should think about. Submit again what an excellent actress she is. It has been added that the film also contains many scenes depicting full nudity for males and females, as well as some fairly explicit sexual scenes (and you will notice that some scenes and aspects were clearly sketches of the scenes to be filmed later for Verhoeven's BASIC INSTINCT). <br /> <br /> Another aspect of this film is a lot of biblical symbols / references / images, which are supposed to have made the film strongly hates some conservative / Catholic movements at the time of its European release. Either way, it makes the movie worth a second watch. Now, someone recently told me that he had serious doubts about DE VIERDE MAN. One of them is that the film is supposed to maneuver itself in a position where it needs the divine intervention of the Virgin Mary to resolve himself. I have great problems with the way in which Catholicism has been portrayed, and still is sometimes, in many films of any kind (not only when it comes to horror films of a religious nature). Surprisingly, however, I had no concerns at all when it came to the fourth man. Although the side of the Virgin Mary in the plot made me scratch my head at some point, I somehow enjoyed it. I think the key word that makes them do not bother me at all is "duplication". Because this film works on two levels. Although the "divine intervention" may have solved the line of conspiracy from the protagonist's point of view ... On the other hand: the film indicates that all this was perhaps a comic break of a madman berserk man. This is the fun part: you do not know for sure. Then there is the question: Can Gerrard Reeve somehow have distorted visions of things to come ... like receiving the gospel? At some point in the film, Gerrard even tried to fool Christine into believing he was clairvoyant. The way Christine plays in this particular scene is wonderful to follow. <br /> <br /> So, with her amazing story, compelling presentations and the right direction, DE VIERDE MAN is a highly recommended show (especially if you enjoy a strong European horror movie). But be sure to see the original Dutch version (not the dubbed version).
