I do not know whether I will consider her a masterpiece or not, but she is very close; she is very well made, artistic, disturbing, intricately drawn, objectively challenged and filled with grim abandonment and religious sexual images. There is also some wonderful work on the camera by Jean de Pont, a degree in the atmosphere of Loik Decker and a wonderful representation of Jérénène Krabi and Rene Sutendijk, the latter who offers one of the finest hidden feats ever seen. Like many other European films, this film is not ashamed of the punishment for sex, nudity and sexual complexities and has no reservations about mixing it with religious and / or surrealistic images (some may say blasphemy). In other words, if you can not bear the idea of ​​seeing a homosexual driven by sexual desire and imagining the goal of his physical desire as Jesus crucified on the cross before the two go into him in the tomb of the tomb, this may not be a film for you. What surprised me most was how this strange film managed to escape from being a mess. It mixes abstract / surreal / parallel scenes and makes them work in some way. Like any good puzzle, you can see the pieces slowly fall into place as the movie progresses. There is no decision off the pitch here. The film has a direction, there is no unnecessary stuffing and once you have done so, begin to understand the purpose of what might confuse you earlier. If you love the works of Ken Russell and David Lynch, I can guarantee you will love this movie. Hell, if you have no idea who they are, I still want it. <br /> <br /> The plot will not spoil the plot by getting too much detail, but the opening film shot - through a web like a spider holding its prey - sets the stage for Crabey, as a non-malicious, arrogant, bi- Interestingly, also the name of the author who relies his novel on this) on paths with a rich, mysterious, and thrilling woman named Christine (Soutendijk, pigmentation of Andalusian stylings with innocence / gravity-like Simon Simon that is very disturbing), who may be "black widow" craft Responsible for the death of her three former wives. The two become lovers and move with each other, but we intended to believe (through Christine's strange behavior and repeated appearances of another woman - played by Jairte de Jong - who may or may not exist) a terrible thing boils under the surface. When a Christine fan shows up, the young "beautiful" Hermann (Tom Hoffman) at home, things take an unexpected turn. That's all you need to know. <br /> <br /> The fourth man has had tremendous success in art in most parts of the world, but he did not make it to the United States until 1984, where he was named Best Foreign Film of the Year by the Los Angeles Film Critics Association. The most common video is the media version, which is terribly named. Try to avoid this and go directly to the newest version of Anchor Bay DVD. Ever since he came to America, Verhoeven's life has seen its ups and downs. He has made some decent films (Flesh & Blood, RoboCop) and some bad films (girls in the show). In fact, Verhoeven's great Instinct instinct is almost like a less interesting version of the fourth-class The Man. Soutendjik has also tried acting in America, and since GRAVE SECRETS (1989) and EVE OF DESTRATION (1991) She got back to the Netherlands.
