Paul Verhoeven is the first to be a major hit in "Essential Instinct," an impressive and impressive film. Verhoeven is famous for making somewhat dusty trash, both in his home country of Holland and America, and this film is one of the reasons. The fourth man follows the bizarre story of Gerard Reeve (played by Jeroen Krabi); a writer like me, an alcoholic and a little madman, goes to Flesingen to give a lecture on the stories he writes. While there, he meets Christine Halslag (Rene Sutendijk) who brings him back to her home where he discovers a handsome picture of one of her lovers and announces that he will meet him, even if she kills him. <br /> <br /> Paul Verhoeven wraps the truth several times in this film, ensuring you never know where you are. Many events can be in the fourth man apparently, but they can easily be interpreted as something else completely and this keeps the audience on the edge of their seats all the time and makes the film also works as a story is what it thrives on. Paul Verhoeven is not a film director who feels he should restrain him, and that's one of the things I love about him. This film has a very horrific scene that made me feel sick for several hours afterwards (and that does not happen very much!). It will not spoil it because it needs the element of surprise to work ... but you'll see what I mean when you see the movie (make sure you get the unpolished version!). There are also a number of other horrific scenes that are less shocking than those I mentioned, but they are beautiful though; a man eaten by black, another has a tube being sent through his skull, a broken boat to two halves ... lovely. <br /> <br /> Acting in the fourth man is not something that writes about the homeland, but it is solid all the time. Geron Krabi draws public attention and looks forward to the role of drunken writer. Rene Sutendik is the most admired, as a female story in the middle of the story. Her performance is what Sharon Stone might have imitated after nine years with Basic Instinct, but the original fuss did it better. The direction of Paul Verheoven is strong all the time and it draws our attention through many perspectives, all of which help to create a story puzzle. Verhoeven continued to make some garbage, but he obviously had talent and it was a shame he did not use it better. Of all the Verhoeven movies that I have seen, this is the best and although it may be difficult to introduce; trust me, it's worth the effort.
