A film that can make you shed tears of grief and tears of joy is a good step in the life of a joint film director. The truth is that Steven Spielberg, perhaps our greatest storyteller, has been doing this in various film formats for years. At that time, purple was considered risky, especially after classics such as JAWS and RAIDERS OF THE LOST. Too late, this film should not have been surprising, because Spielberg made us cry over the tears of joy and sorrow in E.T. Critics called the color purple entry into intellectual fare. It is quite an entrance. There are no special effects, no Swackwilling, just storytelling based on literary classicism by Alice Walker. One surprise is how Spielberg can present a moving film about African-Americans in the far south. Slavery has ended, but in the South, as shown here, blacks seem to use other blacks as slaves. <br /> <br /> Spielberg is always given sympathy for his image or the addition of a childish element to satisfy the public. This is really the first film that has been neglected from his career and you can not make these observations. It is the first in a series of films that people have not seen or will not see because there are no foreigners. Sun empire, always, list of researchers, etc. His brilliant talent is clear with this particular picture because a) most untrained actors use, for the first time, b) deal with the theme of most of them not adaptable to the screen c) it is a pure drama without any restrictions where characters grow and change for almost 30 years. It is almost epic in terms of form and scope, and the fact that it has not received one Academy Award from 11 nominations is trivial and insulting. <br /> <br /> Whoopi Goldberg is as wonderful as Celie the tormentor an unattractive woman who was given by her incest father to the abusive Danny Glover, whom she only knows as "Mister". The film follows the road of accidental beatings and mental torture that goes through with "Mister". PG-13 is largely open to sexual issues raised by Walker's novel. This is not the Burned Bed in Georgia by any means. There is no blatant retaliation taken as expected. Happens safely. Goldberg plays a completely humane role, someone who needs love and deserves it. The most sad moments and sudden thoughts come when Goldberg and her sister Nity (played by Akosawa Poseya) are separated, perhaps forever. (Probably predicting separation of the child and the parents?) You may have to check for a pulse if you do not move in this sequence. <br /> <br /> Purple symbolizes the beauty of fields and flowers surrounding poor people. There is really something to live for, but love triumphs over everyone. Spielberg's followers note: A man can make a classic game without any nice foreigners. <br /> <br /> Category: 10 out of 10
