The Rovin Awards and the Victory of Villa Paranoya, the popular film of the general public, is indeed more important than the jury award. It was the great comedy film "Eric Clausen", "Villa Paranoya", which was also selected by the European Youth Arbitration Commission, To his appeal to cinephiles of all ages. The next day, actor Klausen traveled to the remote town of MAMERS, Pays de Loire, for a regional festival of new European cinema, where Villa Paranoia won three other awards - Best Film, Professional Jury; Best Film Award and Best Film for Young Jury Others composed of "Lesens", French high school students. Five awards in one weekend - not a bad scoop for a film from a small country with unknown actors. In addition, Villa won the Grand Prix, the MAVERICK SPIRIT AWARD, in San Jose, California, just one week ago, by the outstanding British actor Sir Ben Kingsley ("Gandhi"), In one week. If Lars van Trier has put Denmark on the map of Dugma in recent years, there is now a good chance that veteran Mafrik Eric Klausen, 62, and his crew, who represent the world, show that Denmark has more to offer than the group of dogmatic leadership, Both. In addition, the female in his film, Sonja Richter, enjoys a very charming presence and has a very good chance of becoming the next Scandinavian international singer. For recording, "Villa Paranoia" is a fictional film, written, directed and represented by Mr. Clausen, and uses some drawings from Moliere "The Imaginary Invalid". Anna (Richter), the ambitious young actress, lost her desired role in the Moliere play and is about to commit suicide. However, Jürgen (Klausen), who runs a huge chicken farm that takes care of the place, offers her a job with the room and food to take care of his disgusting father and aging wheelchair, and Valentin, who has not spoken a word since his wife Stella. Suicide committed years ago. Anna is the only one who eventually finds a way to connect with the old silent mutant enemy - moreover, she discovers that he has been deafening and incapacitated throughout these years - a "million miles." This will lead her to play the greatest role in her private life in order to reveal the mystery of darkness that led to the complete withdrawal of the life of Valentines. The "paradise-paranormal" villa, which conforms to Moliere's partially derived tradition, is an intimate, multilayered drama and comic series that literally contains something for everyone and needs only the right place to reach the kind of international communication he deserves. Alex DeLion, Paris / March 21, 2005
