There is no doubt that one of John Ford's great masterpieces, Mr. Young Lincoln, was not observed practically in the time of his initial release, no wonder that the year was 1939 when many of the greatest films in the history of the whole cinema were released, including most legends Western in the history of this genre, the teacher John Ford Stagecoach and many others, such as Gone with the Wind, The Wizard of Oz, and Mr. Smith goes to Washington, which won the Oscar in the category Young Mr. It is the original script. <br /> <br /> Ford's most disdainful film for many years continued to fade gradually under John Ford's other masterpieces. By the end of the 1950s, American and European historians and historians had criticized the comment by a legendary Russian director Sergei Eisenstein About Mr. Lincoln, who praised it and acknowledged that if he had a chance to direct any American film so far, he would certainly be John Ford Young Mr. Lincoln. Admiring this unquestionable preference from Eisenstein, critics began to see the film again but only with slightly different eyes and the reputation of the film has increased since then. <br /> <br /> It was not the first time that the life of one of America's most legendary presidents was shown. In the early 1930s, Griffith did so in his book Abraham Lincoln. In the same year as Ford, MGM released John Cromwell's film, Abby Lincoln, in Illinois. It is curious that both were based on the highly successful Broadway play that was published in 1938 and written by Robert Sherwood. <br /> <br /> With regard to John Ford's films, we can easily find many references to life and deeds and even the death of Lincoln's legendary character in many of the director's works, such as The Iron Horse 1924 or 1936 The Shark Island Prisoner, , Just like Young Mr. Lincoln, the main music theme for Lincoln's favorite song - Dixie. <br /> <br /> The film's scenario is based on a previously mentioned theatrical life of Lincoln written by Lamar Trotty in collaboration with John Ford himself, which is very rare for Ford to do but the end result was simply wonderful - a text that combines the elements of the play with many From historical facts as well as legends and legends about the beginning of Abraham Lincoln's practice of law and life is a hilarious but often broken scene, the highest point in the film and the main source of laughter and tears. Lincoln defends the two younger brothers accused of murder and must To help Their mother also when presented to the court as a witness and where the prosecution lawyer (played by Donald Mick) refers to one of her sons who have already committed the murder, making it impossible to choose one death sentence and allow others to live. <br /> <br /> In general, it is a very touching, heartening and even funny film with a superb performance simply by Henry Fonda in his superior portrayal of Abraham Lincoln and overwhelmingly the richness of other characters regardless of their small size or incarnation in the wonderful script and intelligence that It plays the genius of John Ford in one of the best deliveries at all. We must see specific to all. 10/10
