In his excellent book "Lincoln in American Memory," historian Meryl Peterson-Young described Mr. Lincoln as "a boring and frightening film." This surprising analysis proves surprisingly that great historians rarely criticize films. I am working on a PhD thesis on Abraham Lincoln and Frederick Douglas. As part of my preparation for writing the letter, I thoroughly analyzed this film, and the wonderful interpretation by Taj Gallagher in his basic book about Ford. Young Mr. Lincoln goes out that year culminating in the first stage of Ford's filmmaking, 1939. In Hollywood's greatest years, Ford produced three great films, still completely disrespectful: drums along the Mohawk, Stagicocch, and Mr. Young Lincoln. It may seem odd to say that Stagecoach is not fully appreciated, but all the more extreme critics must realize that it is one of the greatest Westerners, and perhaps even one of the top 100 films of all time. However, what is not fully appreciated is that these three films work together as a trilogy - in fact. Ford creates a kind of legendary history of America on the screen. Drums along the Mohawks are a revolutionary war. Mr.Lincoln is a pre-Civil War America. Finally, Stagecoach is the post-American Civil War. What the three films share is that she hopes to extend to American Adam and his "mission in the wild." What are the psychological and social costs of the obvious American destiny, as America strives to build a new human city in the wilderness? Lincoln symbolizes the journey of the Americas, seeking to reconcile civilizational civilization (law) and freedom of wildlife. Mr. Lincoln is not a history, (it is full of historical "worlds" - where both Ford and Troti were well aware), but the myth. This is Lincoln, the symbol of justice and compassion, Lincoln, a man of wildlife, seeking to establish a civilization within himself, and become a "wonderful legislator" of young America. Mr. Lincoln is not like Lincoln's long-forgotten nickname for Lincoln, like Sandberg's, an epic poem ... a very beautiful epic poem.
