This is an entertaining "history" for the FBI, but it must be seen as a fantasy, because that is exactly what it is. What could have been when J. Edgar Hoover personally agreed and had a role in the veil in production. James Stewart is excellent, as usual, and the team of supporting players, with the exception of Vera Miles, is unambiguous. Murray Hamilton is particularly good at supporting as Stewart's best friend. The FBI's highlights in the film are no doubt true. What matters is what leaves him. <br /> <br /> One of the most shameful parts of the film is the portrayal of John Delinger. It is largely photographed as it happened, but nothing has been mentioned at all from Melvin Burvis, head of the Chicago office who presided over the process. Instead, the process is portrayed as if the fictional Chip Hardesty was run. It was said that Hoover was jealous of the publicity received by Purvis after Delanger's death; Purvis was later transferred to a remote location, and shortly thereafter the FBI left. There is no doubt that Borvis is not mentioned in the film. But this scene, at least, temporarily stopped to believe that if treated Parvis in this way, what about all the agents who performed all the other operations described in the film. They were also completely ignored and replaced by the legendary Hardesty. <br /> <br /> The film may be accurate in filming FBI activity until the end of World War II. However, after this point, the film makes us believe that the only threat facing the United States came from international communism, which is no doubt what Hoover believed. Do not bother the mafia. Do not worry about the effects that are still going on in the south. It does not matter that blacks are intimidated to prevent them from voting in most of the south. I do not know if the FBI started tapping Martin Luther King's phone calls by the time this film was produced, but if it was not, it was not long after that. At first, this is a good entertainment, but it should be seen as a sterile fantasy.
