Years of drugs are already experiencing one of these aspects to mini-series or other types of television documentaries that are repeated over and over again for two weeks on television. It's actually not long enough, somehow. All the main rules of the contracts have been covered, and it is interesting to note them as postmodern and various perspectives. But it barely covers enough, or at least what is covered is covered at times once when it can be worth more time. For example, the information and details in Part III about the entire process and those related to the shipment of large quantities of drugs (marijuana, cocaine later) are well presented, but there are more details that are kept at the request of the amount of time available for coverage. <br /> <br /> In general, although the documentary sheds sufficient light on how drugs, popular culture, government intervention, upper classes, lower classes and suburbs, everyone felt a wave of different drugs over the years, and the interaction between everyone was clear Too. No one in the film - except for the possibility of small hints with the vase) - goes to drug authentication directly, but what appears is those in the archive sections about the sincerity of what is sometimes pleasurable, and then tragic, about taking some medications. The emergence of many powerful counter-narcotics officials is ironically striking some points - even in such an overview of drug cultures and the relationship of America as a whole - where only one key point is made several times by an interviewee. The only way to deal with the drug issue is not to "say not only", because the war on drugs has shown it is not as effective as thinking. It is really just cleansing from all sides about all the drugs and people who may be hypocrites (eg, the drug oxycontain continues on the market). <br /> <br /> Is it a wonderful attention and depth to the movie Ken Burns? No, but for some youth summer TV shows (that is, my age) who will see much of this as an almost old history, although most of it has not been for more than a generation, and for the "old" that could reflect decades later About the great summits and the times of neglect, and then were disappointed more than the same media published years ago and announced them. There are those who might find the documentary particularly biased, which is completely untrue, but tries to get enough differences regarding the social, political and recreational conditions of interlocking drugs (for better or worse worse) a wonderful view.
