With the death of her injured husband, May, an elderly woman faces a future in an urban world seen as invisible, dead from the neck down, unwelcome in the houses of the false hypocrite of her sons, Bobby and his shallow wife Helen and Paula, a self-planted daughter, And very limited. The central family is only warm, supportive and understanding of a new and tragic phase in her life with the death of her husband. The mother is a quiet personal study that suggests that in some societies, the older parent is unwelcome and burdensome on adult children who overwhelm their profession and put them in search of everything else. <br /> <br /> When May comes to realize that the world still matters to her, the only widow finds that her sexual desire is awakened and survives with her daughter's friend, carpenter and cruel. Mai may embark on an unintended sexual relationship with Darren, who initially sympathizes with her, but her flawed nature is quickly discovered by the pressure of the women surrounding him. <br /> <br /> This is the kind of role that Hollywood plays. Actresses of a certain age have never written for them, but they will never appear because the frankness of the film, its public nationality, its intangible reservoir, simple makeup, and social commentary on the slander of the film industry are the most established. Principal actress Ann Reid's performance ranges from the calmness, dizziness and flurry of interpretation on the screen from a dark widow to a middle-aged, sexually-free woman without a facelift, lengthening and liposuction. She struggles more than her soul on the screen. <br /> <br /> Daniel Craig is a skilled worker, Drake, who sleeps both mother and daughter. He turns into another star performer who initially sympathizes with the widow's position, but in the end there is no redeeming where his true nature unfolds - literally the cock in the hen house. The inability of his character, which is not intended to say "no" to the former wife, and his boring friend, and that her mother is the reason for his ineffective existence. While his hands are good at building a winter garden, he is unable to build meaning in his life. <br /> <br /> One of the best films from Britain in years, it's simply an exaggeration in his story. The Mother is a rare genre of movies that may be more honest for American audiences so they do not tolerate the lack of car chase, no bling, or rap music to drown out the cretin offerings offered by television stars and studmuffins. The mother reflects how older babies are now dispossessed, who are willing to ignore them, send them to retirement home, and get out of the way. She may not know what to do because she has become a living by Darren, and does not want to go to the old house, and find that her children are more conservative than ever in their age.
