This is an excellent film dealing with a subject that is potentially very sensitive. Ann Reid, formerly known in the UK for her television roles, including "Dinnerladies" (a series written by Victoria Wood for in-house catering staff, if you wonder), offers a high-precision loss performance in May, a delayed 60s The bereaved mother of two adults in the chatter class in a neighborhood in London. The death of her husband Tots (Peter Vaughan) in his visit to the males of the last type (Bobby), and we see that the couple receives them Bobby and his family. My daughter Paula (Katharine Bradshaw) lives nearby, but the relationship between Mai and Paola seems closer at first. So when Mai decides that she can not live in her home and return to London, she will be able to stay at Paula's house and do some reflection on Paula's most esteemed offspring. <br /> <br /> On May's visits to Bobby's house, she begins an affair with Darren, Bobby's girlfriend in the mid-1930s, working along the house. In what could be the first major British film to portray that, it is Mai and not Darren (Daniel Craig) who initiated the meeting, and at least initially, the relationship seems to be based on mutual respect. There is no explicit sexual content (at least on the DVD you have seen: the differences in the IMDb list indicate that there are other versions). The physical basis of this relationship is dealt with directly but not exploits. The most powerful relationship between Mai and her daughter Paula, newly transformed into "therapy and self-exploration," which declares that the mummy was never supported. Paula is also darling Darren, and when you find May's clear and weak May and May together, things are going on in full swing in a dramatic but controlled way. Only in an English-language film, perhaps, can a daughter declare that she will strike her mother, politely asking her to stand up and stand up to her. <br /> <br /> At the same time, May is drawn in a supposed relationship with a decent but older member (of her generation) from the Paula Collection for writing. It is clear that the contradiction between the unwanted intercourse and the subsequent relationship with Darren; at this stage, Mai begins to accept Paula, and begins Darin worm in the coup (reveals cocaine that it may have been after its money, if not all the time, but for some trip ). So Mai finds herself unnecessary for each of her children's needs, and finally goes home (but later leaves on a jet plane for a new pasture). <br /> <br /> The power of the film is that it is portrayed as a static and unfriendly reality. The nature of the relations between the brothers and brothers of modern adults, where the bereavement of the surviving parent may leave a feeling more alone than if he had no one to care for them. This is not new, but it may be opening up the portrayal of sexual needs at age 60. The darkness of the film's content, from Hanif Qureshi's scenario, contrasts with the way it shines (it seems to be a permanent summer), and the mood of the year rises - it could easily have been another piece laid out in England and rainy. The end may be unwritten, since we do not know where to go in May or how long - perhaps Shirley Valentine is with a pension, and she certainly is not Picasso. However, Anne Reid has been revealed as a wonderful actress that will change her career forever. Such as Julie Andrews in Torn Curtain, "There's a picture of Mary Poppins {read Dinnerladies} forever." <br /> <br /> * Yes, announced: October 2005 as the new James Bond.
