Tenants began a short novel in 1971 by Bernard Malamud, a writer / philosopher who studies conflicts between Jews and African Americans in a burning atmosphere in Brooklyn at the time of writing the book. As a new story, the story was quite real: as filmed in a script by novice David Diamond and Danny Green (who also runs), it is just a brainstorm that gradually falls into action at the last minute. <br /> <br /> Harry Lesser (Dylan McDermott) is a Jewish novelist with one book under his belt but is currently trying to finish his book "The Most Modern" ten years after writing this book. Convinced that the novel must be completed in the same environment in which it began. He is the only tenant in a convicted condominium in Brooklyn owned by Levenspiel (Seymour Cassell) who is constantly trying to "buy" Harry's lease so the dilapidated building can be demolished. In this atmosphere, Willie Spearmint (Snoop Dogg) enters another black-haired Black Harry fan, hides it, and helps the novelist try to write about the death of all white people. Harry's attempts to help Willie lead to conflict, not least to meet Harry with Willie's girlfriend, the white Jewish Irene Bell (Rose Byrne) in less than a friendly gathering of hardy black brothers and sisters in Willie. Willie and Irene stand on ice while Harry falls in love with Irene and plans to leave New York once Harry finishes his novel. When Willie hears the job and criticizes Harry more, Willie explodes and begins a downward descent not only a sensitive friendship but also a rivalry between the writers. The end "reveals the slippery nature of the human condition, and human capacity for violence and regression." <br /> <br /> The actors do their best with a little written text, but despite the text lines that border the preaching lines they create reasonable characters. The cinema enhances the story and keeps the mood thin and dense and confined primarily to the condemned building. The musical score appropriately uses the solo jazz trumpet and the blues piano to emphasize the tension and isolation of each of these unfounded characters. Although it takes some patience to make it go through brain cramps, the film is finally worth watching. At least try to reconsider Malamud's exotic look at life in the big city. Grady harp
