As the debut of Jack Nicholson, Drive, Said Said said he was at least a talented director of actors. Even when the story seems to have lost its way to the public (and to a modern audience - if they can find it, which occasionally appear on eBay - may seem more free than they think), the film has a vivid image, interesting descriptions. The film tells the story of two college children: the hero is Hector (William Tipper, in contrast to superior performance), the star of the team Leopards, basketball team in the college where he plays. Although he has to deal with boss Bruce Dern putting pressure on the focus, and his inner and outer girlfriend Karen Black, she has emotional problems, but there is Gabriel (Michael Margotta), the other child. Gabrielle, it seems, is more than just a fear of the possibility of his formulation, and so in a state of his own radical mind does what he can to get away from him. But while Hector tries to find a balance between his next celebrity and those who love him, Gabrielle goes beyond the limits of his mind. <br /> <br /> Nicholson, on the technical side of things, has a wonderful editing style that keeps things on standby during basketball scenes, and in many other scenes darkness is a documentary appearance all the time. From Tepper, Black, and even Robert Towne (Chinatown writer, Last Detail, and Mission: Impossible among others, who rarely act) he has some reliable acting. Although there is a tendency in Tepper to downplay his feelings. In some scenes, for example, when he can act brilliantly, he does not play as well as he deserves. From Margotta, on the other hand, there is a vibrant and twisted force in its performance, and while it descends it is frightening, but perhaps it is understood from the times (and what its climax). Derren steals most of his scenes, by the way, in a show that should have earned him an Oscar nomination. Each line of its dialog box is appropriate and correct, and has never been narrowed, as in the recent presentations of the Trainer's film. <br /> <br /> But what is striking about the film is that elements involving characters are not explained to the degree to which a person may want more. The film was based on a novel by Jeremy Warner, who co-wrote the script with Nicholson, and I expected the film to be longer than it was. It is a small volume that contains a lot of information, about the times, about the sport, about the feelings that were with the feelings of the young generation. Nicholson gives us these personalities and attitudes, and rarely shows them what motivates them (the anti-war protesters are not included, their part is understandable enough). Gabriel is upset about what is happening in Vietnam, but what is there? Hector, too, has a man who has concerns about his recruiting for the NBA championship, and still loves to play, but what hinders him? This whole atmosphere is intriguing, and how was the college / basketball experience of the late 1960s, but that interesting quality, which leads to some indifference, is kept at a point where you can not go any further. In general, the effect of the film as a whole bittersweet, and not forgotten to some extent because of its good points, not because of the low points. Sure, you can tell who is behind the lens every step of the way. B +
