This is a wonderful movie to watch. Using digital technology, the director, Romer, discouraged actors living in colorful backgrounds. Most of the time this works brilliantly, especially at first where the film is like a story of pop-up stories. It is less successful in a few scenes, limiting the corners of the camera (not painted on the side of some buildings, for example), but this is a very interesting way to film a historical film about our misconceptions and limited views of history and history itself. It is listed using the notes of mistress Duc d'Orleans, Grace Elliott. Therefore, the event that Marxist historians claim is an event of their own, especially in France, is being told from the point of view of an aristocratic alien. There is inevitably a different point of view. There can be no objective representation. Using the Memo device gives the film a somewhat incidental quality. Personally, I found that the story line about the king's death is the most interesting. She is a powerful owner who is shocked when the duke votes for the death of the king (probably the basic knowledge of the French Revolution is useful in following up the dialogue between Grace and Duke here.) He was Louis's cousin and elected himself to the Society, where he immediately changed his name to Philip Equality. Photography The death of Louis is ingenious. Grace and her servant are located in Modon, outside Paris, and are seen from a hill with a telescope. Do not see the execution, we only hear the maid's comment, like Grace. The most exciting event of the revolution occurs outside the screen. Grace can not bear to watch the murder of her king. Her view is the view of the aristocrat. No justification for Lewis' death is literally behind her vision. This is a powerful and wonderful film. The love story between Duck and Grace is submerged, and she never tells, and she moves strongly (although Doc seems a bit stupid at times; what do you see? The crazy currents (existing simply enough to be suspicious) are captured by individuals at a time like the revolution as Grace's life was turned upside down, her house is searched daily, but she still orders her servants to cook food and unable to dress themselves! If you have any interest at all in a good-reasoned film, or clever use of new technology to tell an old story, or to represent a pivotal moment in the history of Europe taught by a foreign aristocratic woman, in the final overseas, then this is worth your time. It's a bit slow in places, but your patience is rewarding.
