CASTLE IN THE SKY is the third animated film, known as the Japanese original LAPUTA (for being offensive, something Hayao Miyazaki was unaware of at the time). At first the box office was disappointed in its 1986 release, and since then it has been embraced by critics and fans around the world. Inspired by Jonathan Swift "Gulliver's Journeys", CASTLE IN THE SKY is a story of steam adventures about two young orphans - a young miner from Paso, and a mysterious girl Chita (wearing a magical crystal around her neck) - to find the lost island of Labota Long, rumored that it has great fortunes and precious stones. They are aided by a group of sympathetic sympathetic air pirates led by the rogue states (initially chased by them, but they became real allies) and chased by the government headed by its very evil agent Mosca, who wants the power of Abbotta to his own advantage. <br /> <br /> For anyone looking for an exciting way to spend two hours, this film is an excellent choice, with the right amount of humor, exploration, wonder and mystery. To keep one interested. Although not as amazing as some of the later Miyazaki films, this artwork is wonderful enough to see fantastic characters and locations, incredibly exciting motion pictures and amazing flight sequences that make one feel dizzy. Although the characters who fill this story are less complex than the other Miyazaki works, each character has a memorable and loving character who stays with the viewer long after the film ends. Dola, in particular, makes a great comedian, yelling at orders for her two dull children for a moment and protecting them from Chita the next time. Muska is one of the few Miyazaki creations that ever appeared as an irreparable villain, but like Dola, he leads every scene he sees with a vicious and cool charisma. <br /> <br /> Anime fans often compared this movie with the science fiction series of Gainax NADIA: THE SECRET OF BLUE WATER. After all, both works share a similar story and personality elements ... not to mention that both were created by Miyazaki himself. Both of which differ in their implementation. Nadia, though a magician for the most part, suffered from a false reflex in the middle of the road, where he turned into a nonsense crap that distracted everything from the master planner, although he had a strong end. The castle in the sky, on the other hand, remains amusing and firmly focused for two hours in a row, which is best for her. Although the epic tone of the film sometimes breaks apart in some "cartoon" moments, such as the quarrel between the president of Paso and one of the people of the states, it never detracts from the importance of the film. <br /> <br /> Years ago, Disney released an English version of a collection of big names such as James van der Beck, Anna Pachin, Cloris Leitchman, Mark Hamel and Mandi Patinkin, as well as some notable features by veterans such as Tris McNeill and Jim Cummings. It also contains an ambitious reworking of Joe Hisaishi's brilliant musical score for the Seattle Music Orchestra (interestingly, the man behind this test is not the composer himself). To the extent that the hardliners called for this additional casual dialogue and reassessment above, Miyazaki did not face such problems; in fact, he was said to have praised the rewording, and for good reason, because the newly recorded music was really the star of the new dulp. While there are some situations where the filling of some silent scenes from the original Japanese is simple (especially the journey through a dragon-infested storm cloud), the overall redesign is wonderful and improved in many ways, especially in scenes such as when the robot attacks a castle and peak moments towards End. Here, Hisaishi displays musical ingenuity and genius to match music with visual images. <br /> <br /> As far as the dupe goes, the strings may be at the short end of the stick; Paso James van der Beck looks more mature than his character, while Chita speaks to Anna Pachin with a strange dialect that sometimes fluctuates For personal benefit). However, both perform good overall functions and provide fairly reasonable chemistry. However, the energetic team of actors is what makes this a lot of fun, especially Kloris Leichmanns Dola and Mark Hamiles Moska. They both completely cast and steal every scene they're in. As with the rescore, these two really listen to Disney's Descriptions. The limits of textual adaptation on the sometimes uncertain side - there are a lot of additional lines and / or comments (some of which are laughable, some are rather exaggerated) - but at least one aspect of change is debatable (Chitta speech in climate confrontation) The world can not live without love "rather than the original" you can not survive away from the mother earth "), public figures, story and spirit are still completely faithful to the origin. In general, there are few points that compare the Disney version to the original language track; each puts their own character on this legendary masterpiece, and I love them both. (She's also better than the more literal Streamline / JAL, but she's a scary, lively, and badly written robotic writer from the late 1980s; no one who says this version is "superior" to Disney - trust me, the opposite is true.) <br /> <br /> Either way, though, you can not go wrong in CASTLE IN THE SKY. It is one of the greatest Miyazaki ever, and I highly recommend it.
