Hayao Miyazaki's second film, his first commercially acclaimed and critically acclaimed film (despite his first appearance - Nausicaa AKA Warriors of the Wind by many of his best admirers), Tinko Nu Shiro Rabiota Castle in Heaven It looks childlike and simple when compared to its latest masterpieces such as Kiki, Mononoke-hime and Spirited Away, but in 1986 it was years ago and one of the highlights of modern-day anime. "Castle in the Sky" was made two years before the revolutionary "Akira", and although it is not as provocative and controversial as the aforementioned masterpiece Above, the main characters are essentially characters of manga type / protagonist hero / mainly villain, and the story is very predictable and clear (at least in today's standards), Miyazaki's designs and animation work have unprecedented standards than before. That story and humor is a bit silly and sometimes outdated, but the film is still very amusing and very enjoyable - if not breathtaking like "Spirited Away". If you allow yourself to see the beauty of the tires themselves and ignore the colors, low-budget animations and matching double faces - at this point, Miyazaki remains loyal to his roots and agreed standards of Japanese cartoons - you will see Miyazaki's brilliant genius as well as Spirited Away and Mononoke. While "Castle in the Sky," being a fantasy adventure for children, is more in tune with classical anime than anything else it has done since, its graphics and principles still play an important role. To say much more would be to destroy the film, so you will kindly shut up. Suffice it to say that I only give it nine stars because if I give it ten, I will not be able to go to "Spirited Away" and "Princess Mononoke". This will be a crime. <br /> <br /> As with most anime movies, I recommend viewing the Japanese version with an English translation, even if you do not speak a Japanese word - do not excel in English only tend to be very good, in which case order shocking. You may want to see it in the English version once, though only for laughs and starry actors (English dubbing was recorded only after the success of "Spirited Away", as was the case with "Kiki Delivery") - Anna Pachin and James van der Beck (yes, Dawson man!) Occupy leadership roles, Mark Hamil (Luke Skywalker of Star Wars, if you do not know!) Plays the villain, and other roles filled by Andy Dick, Tris McNeill (The Simpsons, , Animeiaks ...), Michael McShane (Farrar Tok from Kevin Costner Robin Hood) and Mandi Patinkin (Hello, my name is Inigo Montoya ...) Laughs, or hurts As really a few. But watch the Japanese one first.
