It is always difficult to put a stamp on any film as "the best", whether it is at any time or a certain kind or what you have, but I think it can provide a strong argument that Labota is the greatest animated film ever. It is, in my opinion, the masterpiece of Hayao Miyazaki, Japan's most talented filmmaker, embodying his best points as director, storyteller and designer, as well as wrapping all his favorite themes. The version I review is the American 2003 version (I know, and the desecration of hardcore anime fans not to see it in their mother tongue); there is at least one other language that someone describes, I have VHS (I have no idea from the source), and this version is best described by one Accompanied by any film. But I thought it better to focus on the version that people can already find. <br /> <br /> LaBota tells the story of a boy named Pazu (who was expressed by James van der Baeck here), who grew up in a mining town when one day a young girl named Chita (Anna Paquin) literally falls from the sky. She seems to be being stalked by an evil government agent, Colonel Moska (Mark Hamel), who is more interested in the magical crystal hanging around her neck. To keep things lively, there is also a wickedly funny pirate collection after the crystal, led by the old Dola (Cloris Leachman). The plot revolves around the ability of the crystal to reveal the location of the legendary city of Laputa, a potential treasure of scientific knowledge and hidden treasure. This is in line with the fairy tale environment, but Miyazaki knows exactly how far the story takes, and the plot is full of "gosh-wow" moments and is intertwined with his usual morality and warnings about the exploitation of the power of nature. <br /> <br /> The work of design on Laputa, after nearly twenty years, is still revolutionary. Flying machines of all kinds are many, totally impossible but precisely designed so that they are accepted immediately without flicker. The world is located somewhere in the early 20th century, with telegraphs and old cars along with those wonderful impossible flying machines. But the city itself is that which is just a spark of execution; Labota is both the Garden of Eden and the Fire of Paradise itself, and in this approximation lies its attractiveness, strength and gravity. <br /> <br /> Besides being a beautifully designed and beautifully presented film, Lovota is blessed with a great sense of cinema. From large plane shots to high-speed chases on small leaflets to one person to ships that flood into the clouds as if they were water, Labota has a range for most movies ?? Even with CGI charm? Can only daydream about it. Although we see only a small part of this world, its simple elegance extends beyond the boundaries of the frame and we have no problem believing in it. The film also contains one of my favorite, if not the most exciting, series of events: Reactivating the guardian robot that accidentally landed on the ground and destroy the ruin on the fortress it keeps while trying to protect Chita (who was the person who woke him up). At the same time, Pazo and the pirate flew on their small aircraft to literally grab it from the jaws of destruction. From the horrifying sight of the robot burning the countryside to the exhilarating rescue at the last moment, the entire series represents the masterpiece of timing and camera angles and know exactly how far the audience can take. <br /> <br /> Abuta has an amazing score. Composer Joe Heishei captures the stunning beauty of this world, the pompous innocence, the thrilling movement, the creeping world of the flying city and the odors of its exotic robots. Although he re-recorded this DVD (which does not represent an IMO improvement compared to its original points), adding clips here and there, the result is perfectly consistent with the images, a total union and rare sound and vision. <br /> This is not bad described. I'm unusually fond of what Old English describes, and this one explains things just a boy at the sites, but I was almost shocked to what extent these sounds matched those sounds (and those that matched the Japanese well). Dola is particularly hard to reach, but Leachman is a fiery old pirate woman (her sons are not as good as the original). Paquin does a good job like Sheeta, and Mark Hamill, while I know it early, is more than talented enough to do Muska (I liked the other English for a little more muska, but good Hamill). The bulk of the film is located on the shoulders of Pazu, and Van der Beck is gorgeous. He has made me listen to him I think this crew should have access to other English, because the VDB closely matches the original Pazu. Although watching the dubbing again is a reason for the denial among Otaku believers, as much as I like this film, I do not think you sacrifice much by watching this particular Anglican version. Presented by John Lassiter from Pixar in the lead, and my skepticism is that, like many others, he simply likes this film so much that they have tried so hard to ensure its high quality. <br /> <br /> Miyazaki has achieved success in America in recent years with Spirited Away and Mononoke (one of his few films that I did not care about), but for me LaBota still has to make it. Surely anyone familiar with his work later will enjoy this previous work, and again, this film is a master at the top of his form colliding with each cylinder. I'll pay a lot of money to see that on a big screen; although this will never happen, it's good to know that these classic have been kept at least on a DVD.
