Maybe now I've heard a bit about Disney's new classic Miyazaki film, LaBotta: Castle In The Sky. During the late summer of 1998, Disney released "Kiki's Delivery Service" on a video that included a preview of the Laputa pin, saying it was ready in "1999". It is clear that this is now over the year now, but it was finally completed. It is not "Laputa: Castle In The Sky", only "Castle In The Sky" for dub, because Laputa is not a nice word in Spanish (although it uses the word Laputa several times throughout the dub). You may also have heard that the world famous composer, Joe Hayshaishi, who originally recorded the film, has come back to re-represent excellent music with new arrangements. Laputa went out to my neighbor Totoro and after Nausika from the Valley of the Wind, which began at the Gibli studio, a long series of visits. In my opinion, I think it is one of the best Miyazaki films with a strong lesson tucked into this gem that takes two hours and four minutes. Laputa: Castle in the Sky is a movie for all ages, and I urge everyone to watch it. <br /> <br /> For those who are not familiar with Castle in the Sky, the movie starts right at the beginning and does not stop for the next two hours. Storytelling flawless and skillful, you see Miyazaki's real vision. Believe me, it's a wonderful one. The film begins with Chita, a girl of the past Halovi because she is being held by the government in an airship. Chita holds the key to Labota and the castle in the sky and the civilization lost for a long time. The key to Laputa is a sacred necklace that has been sought by many, namely the government, the army and the Air Pirates, the band of Dola (whose friend Chita and Paso later). Soon, the pirates attack the ship as it flees during the raid. A few thousand feet fell, but the fall was smooth and thanks to her necklace. While floating from the sky, Pazu, the orphan boy who survived the work in the mines, sees Chita and picks her up. The two became fast friends, but thanks to her necklace, the two took part in an exciting round of excitement as a gang of states and government tried to seize Chita. Sequencing movement one by one, we learn all the motivations and personality identities we build on emotional climax and full of movement that will surely satisfy everyone with wonderful animation and wonderful dialogue. In addition to a rather crooked surprise. I think this movie is very cool and lasts for two hours and four minutes. The story is wonderful, because we have reached its climax in the animation of Hayao Miyazaki and boundless. Film preparation is a combination of many time periods. This seems to be happening at the end of the 19th century, but there is an alternative world of advanced technology and weapons. LaBotta is also an amazing film. The film contains a lot of fun moments, almost equivalent to the drama and movement of the film. I think the most fun part is a fighting scene in which the coach of Paso confronts the pirates, and soon after the outbreak of riots. It's funny because we see men comparing their strength and the music that fits them perfectly. <br /> <br /> Now let's talk about how to evaluate dubbing. An excellent team gives some wonderful performances to revive these characters. The heart of teenager James van der Beck loves the role of the bazo, who has a more mature voice, and then in the Japanese version, where he originally looked more childish. In both cases, I think his voice is very appropriate with Pazu. Anna Pachin, the young Oscar winner of the "Piano", plays the role of Chita. This is also a wonderful performance, but the sound is somewhat uneven, they do not remain faithful to one tone. Sometimes it looks like an American apple pie, but sometimes it looks like someone from New Zealand. However, the performance I enjoyed was Coris Leachman, who played the role of Mama Dola. This is not only an excellent performance, but the sound and passion it gives make it truly alive. If there is ever a movie of the LaBotta neighborhood (G-d Moaz), it will be the one you play, you can only imagine it in its role (well, to some extent). Locke Skywalker himself, Marc Hamel is Mosca, this is Hamil's top performance. Pamil may be familiar with a long series of vocal work after he made original Star Wars movies, but he makes Muska into full evil. His voice sounds like his normal voice and his mix of joker, which he played for many episodes on the animated Batman series. The representative of the voice actor Jim Cummings is the representative of the sound team, where he performs such a wonderful and wonderful work as General, Andy Dick and Mandi Battakin as members of the Dola band. <br /> <br /> Now, let me talk about what really makes it so special, Joe Hisaishi's newly arranged music! For those who have never heard of it before, Mr. Hayshaishi performs music and like all Miyazaki films, the music is unforgettable. Each of his tags has special characters suited to your film perfectly. Now, these new arrangements he made are more "like an American", which I think was the goal of new registrations. Do not worry, the classic melodies of the Japanese version are still here beautifully. The result, for me, looks like a ranking like this is a Hollywood movie. It has more power, has more focus, clearer and deeper. The intro of the film, the first few seconds we know of the balloons, contains some new music (I'm not sure, but I think when we first saw ships there was no music at all). But the majority of the music has new wallpapers and more background music to enjoy them. Things look very strong. In the powerful scene, music is more powerful in original versions. In a quiet place, it is quieter. In general, I think many of you will be delighted with the new arrangements that blend, and I liked it a lot, and I personally think it helps to improve the film. Better get a new result on the old result, I hope Disney will issue or license the rights of music in a full musical track. <br /> <br /> Among the additional features that characterize this story is that the story is still sincere, and many original Japanese fonts are intact. In Kiki, I'm sure some lines have changed, and in this way, fonts have changed. But the majority close or exactly the original lines and dialogue Miyazaki wrote. I was afraid that some excellent lines would be slaughtered, but they were intact. Some new fonts have been added that help. But I'm not sure that this is a good thing or something bad, Disney DID does not translate the final song, it was in Japanese. I was upset when they set up completely new songs for Kiki dub, but with this release, the original song was ... in Japanese. So I think it's good that it's still the original version, but it's bad because the majority of people who see this dibble speak English. <br /> <br /> There is a great aspect to this dibble, and it deals with how the sounds match with the lips of the character. Of course it would not be perfect, but I think that in Kiki and Mononoke, the implementation of the merging lines was to match much better (and I had Disney a little more time with this ...). Everything is exactly the same with time, and sometimes it does not exactly match, and in rare cases, someone says something and the lips do not move at all (there is a scene where there is no chitta and one mouth). <br /> <br /> As for things about the film itself, these are my thoughts. I thought the amazing part of Labota is the animation. From the opening sequence to the end, the animation is fertile and very detailed, you just have to watch it in awe. Sees the true nature of each character, and real details of her face with twists and turns. You have to give a lot of credit to the effort of these painters in this film. Everything is fine and beautifully painted, it's like an animated piece of art. To think, this was done in the mid-1980s. The animation is quite different from Disney, where Jibli has a very different but very good distinctive glow. After all these years, the colors are as vibrant as ever. LaBotta also has many operational sequences, a lot of flying battles and a few of them on the ground. These sequences are well done and intriguing, so scary that they can be compared to a big budget movie. The result is just something you should see. Sound effects are pure, classic and appropriate explosions, firing guns and everything else well. Like all Miyazaki films, each film focuses on a different subject (like Kiki: Confidence). This one has a great lesson in greed and authority. People do not realize how greedy can grab you, and how to get so much power is not good. People are obsessed with power, the gays, and the main villain, Moska, shows this pretty much. <br /> <br /> All in all, LaBota: Castle in the Sky was a great movie to start with, and is now improving for the most part. I am happy that a more present audience now has the opportunity to see this moving classic film with all its glory. Thanks to the great sound that put a lot in the movie with the excellent musical result from Joe Hisaishi, Disney did a great job in this dish and deserved it perfectly. Although I think the sounds match the mouths better in Kiki and Disney Princess Mononoke, Castle in The Sky still describes it as gorgeous and deserves long delays because now more can end up a wonderful movie.
