Regardless of the individual opinion that a person can have from Walerian Borowczyk, a magnificent but beautiful jewel "La bête" of 1975, one must admit that these exotic gems are a very unique cinematic experience. Borowczyk's fairy story has been banned in many countries for a long time, and it is quite clear why this controversial jewel has fallen victim to the censorship of massive films. "La bête" is a wonderful combination of a beautiful, attractive atmosphere, and frank and truly strange sexual excitement that bravely refuses to compromise. The fact that the celebration (of some kind) is one of the main themes of the film did not certainly help him with the observers, but it made it very controversial and therefore known to a wider audience. <br /> <br /> Pierre de L \ x {5e68} es de France (Guy Tréjan), the head of a French aristocratic family, arranged for his somewhat appalling son Mathorn (Pierre Benedetti) to marry Lucie Broadhurst (Lesbeth Homel), the beautiful young daughter of a rich English family. Because of the old curse, Uncle Mathurin (Marcel Dalio) strongly opposed the wedding. When Lucy and her mother arrive at the French estate, Lucy is immediately struck by the portraits of the late 18th-century Bishop Rommelda (Serpa Lin) and an ancient book depicting strange paintings. The story soon turns into a strange sexual fever dream ... Without giving much, I can say that exceptional film lovers should not think about losing this film. Despite being exotic, "La bête" is undoubtedly amazingly beautiful in terms of style, preparation and cinematography. The fever-like atmosphere resembles a dream inside and outside the dream sequence. The ownership of the forests and the majestic family palace is a wonderful environment, and the beautiful result and stunning cinematography build a wonderful atmosphere for this exotic story. Very explicit sexual activity of the genus (elegant female nudity, charming actress) ranges from extreme dementia and even somewhat disgusting (close-up to the genitals of horses during sexual intercourse, ...); in both cases is unlikely to be forgotten. The entire "La bête" collection is fantastic, with all the participants presenting great performances with quirky characters (some of which are markedly dangerous). The film benefits from an exceptionally impressive collection, whether Lisbeth Hamel in the lead, Finnish actress Serpa Lane (who died sadly from AIDS in 1999) as the grandfather in the series of dreams, or the relatively unknown actress Pascal Rivault, who plays the daughter of the aristocratic daughter The opportunity to have sex with a black server in a closet. <br /> <br /> I do not intentionally give a full description of the most important parts of the chart because it must be seen to be believed. Some of the scenes are among the most exotic films ever filmed, and certainly the scenes that bear the name "Monster" are named. Certainly not everyone drinks a cup of tea, but is highly recommended to controversial and unusual film lovers. A real cult jewel!
