The Polish director Walian Borowczyk's La Bête, known as The Beast, is one of the most controversial and courageous films of all time, and is also a very excellent film. This film tells all that has been generally concealed and denied about our nature and our sexual nature in particular with the symbolism and silence of its images. Images may look wild, harmful, "sick," or dramatic, but all are related to what's finally said. Sex, desire and death are very powerful and fundamental things and dominate the whole body that has the human spirit within it. They care and force us so hard (and our nature) that they are considered frightening and unacceptable and something too strange to believe. <br /> <br /> A sophisticated young woman travels with her mother to the French countryside to meet her soon-to-be-married husband, and she has an affair of some kind. They are all very excited and the parents of each other are eagerly waiting to see new people arriving at their families. The innocence of the young bride shines, and no one knows what can happen and wakes up inside the walls of the great and beautiful French palace, with all its human and animal, and the mysterious "la bête," which turns out to be something the characters, and most of the film audience, Real and (in front of) them. <br /> <br /> The film revolves around the same theme as "Shivers" (David David Cronenberg), which takes place inside a huge luxury building where destructive and evil parasites spread from person to person through sexual contact and make people act violently and violently in their lusts. For fun and instincts. Man has instincts that can be stronger than his will, which is why these instincts can be as serious and powerful as the instincts of other animals, the beast, whether lust for blood, revenge, sex, or physical pleasure. Humans are only animals with intelligence and tools to transport them, but because we are animals too, they do not always use that intelligence as much as we can see anywhere around us. The film opens up dramatically and most shockingly to most perplexing positions, and shows a horny horse raging in anger while waiting to enter the horse and continue the race, but the anger and visual lust we see from his eyes and violent movements are the main elements of that beginning and why they exist, Easily claim them. The horse is a monster fighting in almost unbearable heat, and in a much stronger heat than its will because it no longer has any control at that stage anymore. The power of instinct makes animal beast. <br /> <br /> After an unforgettable start, the characters are presented, and the film beautifully contains all the necessary age groups of innocent young children who are waiting to grow up and blossom, for adults and old people who are all part of the age, creating A face of human life on the screen. The film does not necessarily need more characters in this way because all the important characters already exist and represent all sex, including urban and rural residents, and both sexes. This palace makes the sex life of the novelist girl awake as she compares horses and acts as if she never thought. For the first time, you see something unique, something exciting, and a vital feeling for her and her body, like getting water when you feel thirsty. The transformation of the girl is a very important element in the film where she lived unconsciously of these things inside, with his mother and his camera and his friend, although things were waiting for the moment of the explosion. Meat refuses to flesh and belongs to being human, but is it still easy to accept these things everywhere and movies like these that you have been trying to photograph for decades? A man's stupidity and unwillingness to interpret the images should not be an excuse for a forbidden film or otherwise violated. <br /> <br /> The last 30 minutes of the film are as important as the beginning, and once again show the power of the cinema. Without unnecessary talk and talk. When the girl and the public realize what her body starts with feeling and desire, she begins to have dreams about the mysterious monster who turns out to be only other forms of ourselves, having lived in the forest without other people / monsters near him. It is the sequence of the dream that causes and causes most of the controversy along with the general and frank public attitude of the film. It is easy to judge the images as "perverted" and "pornographic" without courage to delve into them. Personal feedback and thoughts are beyond what we see. The images are exciting in her dream and also within the dream of the human personality of the dream, and Borozik forced us to recognize him through the very close images of the "normal" sexual act between man and female, a beautiful thing and an expression of love, another human need. Also, many of the cleverly intelligent, black humor making scenes inside the mansion, between the young mother and the black maid, has been interrupted several times as someone screams for the servant, for example, and there is no doubt that the sensory image of two young human beings is a body that gathers together and is separated With an angry shout at least do not become more fun because of a break. Borowczyk has been able to paint a very beautiful and "sensitive" picture so that it is almost impossible to misunderstand his message, but nothing seems impossible to our cultures and minds that criticize art. The dialog is used only when necessary, otherwise the images perform the task and make the movie strong. <br /> <br /> Death too, where flesh dies sooner or later, after years of life and instincts, dies. The end is inevitable but the meaning of the dream sequence could have been as powerful without ending this kind of drama and "revealing" as well. Another element of black humor comes when we see the city's traumatized women running out of the place we saw a little more than they were looking for! They visited the palace of truth about the body, we and them. The film reminds me of the story of the eye of the French writer George Patail with the same themes about sexual excitement and death and how they are always linked to the nature of our body. This book is well written and wonderful as well as this film, of course both have been blamed for their content "very frank" and other comments are shallow and noteworthy alike. <br /> <br /> The movie Borowczyk is also very beautiful visually next to the raw sincerity, nature and forests rarely look as bright and bright as they do in this movie. The sun shines through the trees, everywhere human beings live, and their beauty always exists, but the ugliness that arises from the people of the world. For every innocent white sheep, there is a selfish monster, evil and terrible in our world and that is why the intelligence we have obtained does not seem to overcome the strength of our bad instincts and the other side of the sheep, which is within every human spirit. It's about how to manage many aspects to keep the dark side inactive and inactive. Achieving some of our instincts is not bad, and by using this intelligence and seeing which instincts are good and which ones are bad, they can be satisfied without exploitation, violence, and the destructive and destructive cycle that they created. Man is nothing more than an intelligent animal, an intelligence that is easy to forget and take to the background with things that feel better and more satisfying at every moment and perhaps even a surprise. Borowczyk is an unforgettable and clever masterpiece of the permanent cinema of magic and also an example of how much can be achieved, expressed and given by a filmmaker, who is also a human being.
