Well, this is strange ... Frankly, I can not tell you all the inner conspiracy points of the monster, I started to lose interest when nothing happened during the first 45 minutes or more - but just wait, it definitely "picks up" /> <br /> The plot contains something about a monster in the forest that some French aristocrats chased on the day. In the end you will see the "monster", who looks like a man wearing a giant costume carrying mice and accompanied by a horse. The scene takes place with the aristocratic woman wandering around the jungle in search of a lost sheep. The sheep ends dead and the woman is afraid. THE BEAST pop-ups, rapes the chick and shoots 400 gallons of courage all over her. In the end, the chick begins to enjoy the "interest" of the monster that produces some new and simulated sexual scenes, including an impressive scene masturbating in the foot where the woman shakes the beast with her feet while the monster depicts loads of huge loads everywhere (yes, I've I got a twisted foot fetish - so I sued on ...) ... The entire movie was said in past memories and long dialogue scenes that tend to be a bit boring. The "shocking" but unpredictable ending in this very strange film ... <br /> <br /> THE BEAST is a film I find difficult to assess. Cinematography itself is very attractive and fashion, places and locations are elaborate. The plot is a bit complicated and it seems to take it very seriously seriously when it ends up being a film that inadvertently surprises a chick suckling the mouse bear. A little breast and ass and a 70s French feeling felt to help offset the first half of the film. I have to say frankly, if it were not for the graphic viewers that accumulate the beast all over the virgin wishing, this film would be a real cavity - and this is what you did not like the pale dialogue and some graphic genres (the beginning contains a very close and personal scene of two jumping horses, In that pulsating pussy and bravely covered with horse ... YUM !!!). But the BEAST sex scene is very strange and such a refreshing change from the rest of the film, so much so that I have to say that those scenes alone are compensating for what could have been a real nap. I have to recommend this to anyone who thinks he has seen everything - the rape of the beast actually exists and there is something to see. It is also recommended by any of the lovers of the films of the seventies / eighties - this rating ranks very high with them. Worth a look for you rat lovers sick bears there (like me) ... 8/10
