If you like me, your films are unique, and unlike most other films, I highly recommend reviewing The Beast. The film is a fascinating and fascinating novel about a mythical "monster" rumored to be floating on the grounds of a French palace and lusts after women. The film is very bold in its subject, and this is something that gives it credit. The subject of the hegemony is a specific taboo, and for good reasons, it has been added; but the film conveys it; directly to this point. Like other films dealing with a taboo subject at its center, The Beast could have turned around, and we used our imagination to fill the gaps, but Borowczyk did not, and he is brave in that regard, especially that making such a film would leave it open to all kinds Criticism, but the fact that he made this, in my opinion, means a great thumb to the man. <br /> <br /> The movie starts with the sequence of the male horny male mount female. This opening places an exclamation mark on the film and the audience, in one way or another, is created by the amazing force of excitement it is about to see. The scenes that see the monster mating with the woman are unjustified and shocking, and many people must be offended (hence the reason why they have been banned for more than 20 years), but these scenes are not just an excuse for Borovik to shock the viewer; this film has a crucial point. As he said during the film; the only difference between man and beast is intelligence. Both the man and the beast have instincts, and the man alone knows how to control them. The beast explores this difference between man and beast through sexual activity; it represents the sequence of the imagination in which the beast appears as the embodiment of the control of human desire, and will only be able to see the beast when the central female character becomes its control. The film contains strong themes for the old story of the "beauty and the beast" woven, which is generally a shockingly shocking, but not immoral, story. <br /> <br /> Many people criticize the scenes about the horrific sexual sequences of the film because it is boring, but these scenes are important to the story of the film. Without these scenes, we will not recognize the characters or the story of the monster, and most importantly; the story of "Beauty and the Beast" will not be able to make a shocking conclusion to the public, that is one of the main elements of the film; Besides, Borowczyk maintains his audience through these scenes, not by shocks, but by dialogue and personality of the upper class of the family, along with the beautiful stills of the palace land will not see, and thus the blatant contrast between that and later events of the film will not be present as well. <br /> <br /> Overall, Monster is a horrible movie. It is a depiction of a forbidden subject and the horrific way of filming it will ensure that this film is not for everyone. However, if you can overcome the movie shock, embrace the beast; what awaits is a skillful and beautiful piece of art not to be missed by anyone wishing to give this film a chance.
