Most people, when they think of expressive cinema, are looking at German films from the silent and early ages - films that emphasized Cantonese angles, intense contrasts of light and darkness, exaggerated performance and occasional uses of surrealism to create a Dream-like dream in order to stay away from the traditional and natural methods of cinematography. If we are willing to accept that the Germans were not the only directors who created an expressive cinema (and that these characteristics are not prerequisites for an expressive film), I would argue that Dodes'ka-den (DKD) is the main example of this type of film. <br /> <br /> Like Dreams, DKD is a little detached from Kurosawa, manipulating, as it is, realism. However, the DKD is also, unlike Dreams, a wonderful movie and possibly a favorite Kurosawa picture. why? Mostly, I think it's colors. This, I believe, was the first color film from Kurosawa, and the man filled the film with vibrant basic colors, creating a contemporary Japan that was completely unrealistic. We are used to neon lights and glittering skyscrapers in Tokyo; we are not used to the city that seems to have been colored with crayons. <br /> <br /> DKD is, as I said, a film as strange as many of its characters live in a scrap farm, and they seem to be living in an alternative world. I think this is the point - these are the outsiders in Tokyo, the people who left behind in the big move forward after World War II. The film is also one of Kurosawa's heartiest films. There is a real feeling here and real blades (such as when a boy's father describes the house of their dreams). It's an amazing film from a man famous for his stunning sight of John Ford and the samurai. Everyone should have known that Kurosawa had an influential and thought-provoking film like this (Eckero preaches the emotional resonance of this film in several ways). <br /> <br /> I will finally argue that this is Kurosawa's greatest achievement. His Samurai movies, despite their powerful images, are dim compared to the works of Kobayashi (Hara-kiri is the greatest and most intelligent samurai film committed to celluloid). Rashomon, Hidden Fortress, Seven Samurai, Yojimbo, Sanjuro, Kagemusha and Ran are all great, but only good films (frankly, I think this word is very generous for Hidden Fortress and Kagemusha). DKD is a wonderful movie, as well as Ikiru. It is the crown jewels that show that Akira was not a bit of a samurai. They reveal his art and his ability to film.
