If there was anything Akira Kurosawa did in making Dodes'ka-den, it was in partnership with the Four Knights (the other three are Kobayaki, Ishikawa and Kunishita). Instead, Kurosawa, arguably the main cheese of the group, has made an abstract human artistic film with characters living in slums that have faced many of their characters with dark tragedies. If he had made it on a more independent basis or gone to another studio he knew, but because of that, among other financial and creative problems, which also contributed to his suicide attempt in 1971. However, at the end of the day, as Kurosawa did not stop offering What is famous for him through his dramas: the strengths of the human spirit in the face of adversity. The background of this background should not be ignored more often than most, but it is not a mistake at all in Kurosawa. <br /> <br /> The material in Dodes'ka-den absorbs it, but not in the ways it absorbs it. Usually one finds a way out, often because it is driven by personality instead of conspiracy. There are things that happen to these people, and Kurosawa's challenge here is to integrate them into a coherent entity. The character that begins in the picture, oddly enough (although fortunately there is not much space in front of it to grow), is Rokkuchan, a man - a man who is brain damaged - wandering all day in the sounds of the train ("click-click") Title), only occasionally stop to pray for his mother. But there is the father and the son, the other looking for food restaurants and the last one who continues to describe his dream home. An old man has a look of death on him. Later we learn that he has lost so much more than most people, including a woman with a past With him; a shy, quiet woman working in bondage over her adoptive father (or uncle, not sure), who is raping her; and a gentleman wearing a suit with a fixed face and a medium middle wife for those who are social. <br /> <br /> There are also small signs of people around these characters, like two drunkards who keep stumbling every night, like an hour, putting big demands on their husbands, and sometimes (inadvertently) you swap them! A peddler on the bike enjoys a sweet but quaint relationship with a shy, shy woman. Of course there are a group of chatter ladies who sit around a watering hole in the middle of the slums, and have nothing very nice to say about anyone unless it is about something exciting with a man. First we note with all this how Kurosawa defines the picture; it's a post-apocalyptic phase, not looking at any particular time or place (ie even seeing a few photos in cars and modern streets). It is a marginalized society, but the concerns of these people, but in their tragic scope, are meant to be dismantled through tremendous power. Such as Bergman, Kurosawa outside to dissect the feelings of shattered people, with one scene in particular when a man with a deadly appearance sits with hollow and sad eyes, and tears a cloth in silence while the woman goes with her. <br /> <Sometimes there is magic, and even some laughter, to be with these people. I even enjoyed, perhaps paradoxically, small moments with Rockoshan (specifically with Kurosawa's veil as a street painter), or the awkward silence with the man with the tics of the face. But while Kurosawa allows his actors room to rest, his camera movements remain as they are always on alert, with a wide combination and awesome shots, visions and sometimes painted with a silent drama highlighted as a surprise. In the midst of these strange and sometimes moving stories, some of which (father and son in the car) are sad, Kurosawa shines on his film and designs the color scheme as his first film at East Mancolor as if one of his paintings. Labyrinth, sprawling, sometimes over layers but always with some control, this place is not necessarily "lighter"; it seems as if the summary has come fully into the scene, where things look vibrant but darker down. It is a gorgeous double-edged weapon that allows dream-like hints with this arduous drama. <br /> <br /> With the degree of "film" Sweet Toru Takemitsu (also responsible for Ran), some excellent performances of actors, some indelible scenes in the whole brilliant career, Dodes'ka-den is in its own way a simple work From the director, but they are nevertheless close to perfection on their own terms, which as with many Kurosawa dramas such as Ikiru and Red Beard bear harsh realities on the human condition without too much emotion.
