Laurence Olivier and Meryl O'Brien made two films together in two years. The film is one of the best romantic films of all time, and the film that made Olivier a wonderful movie star (and gave Oberon best performance): WUTHERING HEIGHTS. The other is the film, made in England a year ago. The divorce in LADY X is a romantic comedy (where Wathing Heights is a romantic tragedy). Olivier is a lawyer, Everard Logan, a dynamic lawyer, but also a scorn for women. One evening the hotel is directly in front of a crowd. It's a very foggy night (the kind of mist of the pea soup that London famously dubbed the "killer" mist of the 1950s), and the crowd (who was attending a hotel party) needed a family. The administration is trying to get Logan to allow one or two social ladies to sleep on a sofa and day bed in his room, but he refuses. But he did not reckon with Merrell Oberon as Leslie Steele. Granddaughter of a Supreme Court judge, she managed to get into the Logan rooms and manipulate him not only for her consent to sleep there, but to allocate his bed (go to the couch - much to his annoyance). <br /> <br /> The next day they share breakfast, and it is clear that despite his mistrust of women, Logan finds Leslie very attractive. But she strongly refuses to tell him her name. She is determined to find out more about him, and finds his attitude towards women provokes outrage. In the meantime, Logan is treated by the noble wealthy (Ralph Richardson as Lord Mir) as a potential client. Mir just suspects his wife, Mir (Benny Barnes) of having an affair. In fact, Logan tells that her wife was with her lover at the hotel that Logan knew he was on a fog night. Logan (naturally) jumps to the conclusion that Mrs. Mir was his colleague in the mysterious room that night. I will not go into this conspiracy any more, except to say that Leslie finally realizes the mistake that Logan made and decided to use it to teach him a lesson about women. <br /> <br /> The script has a sense of novel Wodehouse, but lighter. Olivier, O'Brien, Richardson, Barnes, and Morton Selden (like the grandfather of Oberon) are still very impressive. It shows what a good team can do even with the lowest material. Take a look at some simple scenes to see what I mean: the first Celden scene, complaining of his weak coffee to his servant / servant, who tells him correctly (they have been used to each other's personalities for years). Or Olivier deals with a young writer in his office, who certainly had a lady twice in the office two minutes ago (there was, but Oberon and Barnes left together), and ended up thinking that the poor employee was just a simple person. Or the hotel waiter who does not understand why the tenant in Olivier's room is constantly changing from man to woman to man. As I said, a minor witch comedy - but very charming.
