Galaxy Express 999 (Ginga tetsudô Three-Nine). Made in 1979. Directed by Rintaro. Based on the original work of Leiji Matsumoto. <br /> <br /> What I know a bit about the history of GALAXY EXPRESS 999, first published as a popular violin in the 1970s and created by Leiji Matsumoto. GE999 is located in the same world of Star Wars Star Wars as the other famous manga Matsumoto of space: CAPTAIN HARLOCK. In fact, the Harlock pirate and other characters of this manga (including Queen Emeraldas and Toshiro Oyama) appeared at GE999. The GE999 was successful as a violin, and soon followed by a series of famous anime that included more than 100 episodes. It was aired in 1978. A year later came this animated film, which is not a sequel to the series, but sums up the main points of the story in a two-hour film. <br /> <br /> The story is set in an unknown Star Wars - a kind of future where travel to different planets is possible. In the future people can have mechanical bodies that they can live in for hundreds of years, and perhaps forever. The protagonist, Tetsurô Hoshino, is a small boy who attests to the killing of the cruel Mika Count, whose body is entirely made up of mechanical parts, the mother of Tetsurô. Tetsurô swears revenge and is convinced that he can only achieve this by having a mechanical structure. To get it you must travel to a distant planet with the Galaxy Express 999 space train. However, since Tetsurô comes from poverty, he does not have money to get an expensive ticket. By chance meets a beautiful young woman, Maetel, who looks like his dead mother. Maetel offers a ticket to Tetsurô provided that you accompany him on his trip. So begins the journey? <br /> <br /> I first saw this film last October, about six months from now, and again yesterday. I feel I should first tell about the thing that bothered me most about this film: it seems very urgent. Then again, what can you expect from a two-hour movie trying to figure out the main points of more than 100 long chain episodes? Whatever the situation, attitudes change very quickly and Tetsurô meets with other important characters in the story by chance mostly. I feel that manufacturers should leave nothing or include an additional 30 minutes. <br /> <br /> However, no one argues that the GE999 deserved its place as a classic anime. The animation itself, very faithful to the Matsumoto manga style, is detailed and beautiful to watch. Even after nearly 30 years of its release, the animation has not become "old" but many subsequent animated films are presented in shame. The music through the exit of the movie was fun to listen to even if it was somewhat "old" on this day (it was 70 after all). I did not hear any dubbing in English for this film so I could only comment on the Japanese sound which is good. The voice actors give life to their characters, most notably the character of Masako Nozawa (known primarily as Goku's voice through the entire Dragon Ball epic), such as the young and passionate Tetsuro, and Masako Ikeda as the quietest and most mysterious. Supporting characters are not left in the shade, but also have their own lives, do not forget to be Clare waitress. <br /> <br /> The story itself is suitable for anyone looking for entertainment for a few hours, as well as for those trying to find deeper messages. GE999 is an entertaining adventure film but can also be seen as a Tetsurô journey from childhood to manhood. He tells the entire film from his point of view, so we are forced to feel what he feels. I think that many people can be associated with Tetsurô, because, despite the fictional elements, he is a very realistic figure: a young man with a hot head, awkward and naive. We follow him as he begins to see the differences between humans and machines and we come to the conclusion whether he wants the mechanical body or not. Maitel on the other hand remains a mystery in the film and even in the end, when she reveals who and what she is already, she does not answer anything. Maetel can be seen as a dream for a growing young man, always close but elusive. <br /> <br /> It's a strange and beautiful relationship between Tetsurô and Maetel that still wakes up from conversation and questions, and dazzles after decades. People have argued whether their relationship between a friend, a mother and one or two potential lovers (who has woken up a lot of criticism since the age of Mittel is unknown and Tetsuro has not reached puberty yet). Without any way to look deep, I think the best term to describe them is "soul friends". There is no doubt that the two are loyal, caring and loving each other, but it transcends friendship, friendship and family. I think if their relationship is stuffed with any of these categories, it will take a bit of the whole film and characters. The scene is still the end, even if you already know what will happen, very impressive and unforgettable. <br /> <br /> All in all, despite the rush of the plot and some lush scenes, the GALAXY EXPRESS 999 retains its place as a classic comedy between films such as Katsuhiro Otomo's AKIRA (1988) and Mamoru Oshii's GHOST IN THE SHELL (1995). The film is directed by Rintaro, who had previous experience in the works of Matsumi Matsumi, where he worked in the CAPTAIN HARLOCK series. Renato later directed METROPOLIS (2001) wonderfully about the difference between humans and machines. <br /> <br /> GALAXY EXPRESS 999 (1979) is a classic that must be viewed at least once by all anime fans.
