I ran across this several years ago while I was browsing the channel on Sunday afternoon. Although it was obviously a cheesy TV movie of the 1970s, the direction and result was well done to attract my attention, and in fact I was addicted to drugs and had to watch it to the end. I recently had the opportunity to buy a foreign DVD from this movie (excuse me, I did not notice that a local film was finally released two months ago), and I was very pleased to be able to see it again (and in full). <br /> <br /> I do not quite understand this phenomenon, but the 1970s seem to contain scary horror movies. The decades before the 1970s produced some beautifully filmed films and many of our permanent horror icons, but are they really scary? No, not very. Similarly, in the years since the seventies of the last century, we have acquired more cold and exciting horror films with better production values ​​and more sophisticated, more fun, entertaining, effective "jump" effects, and some very creative uses, but again. They are not really scary! There's just something about the atmosphere of horror movies in the 1970s. Quality of granular film. The horrific dark scenes illuminated by the super-tech lighting platforms. The "edge of the land of dreams" has reduced the quality of the dialogue and strange and strange EQ scores. The strange feeling of unease and ugliness permeates everything. Everything works to undermine most of the films in the 1970s, in a state of terror, works for him. <br /> <br /> Specifically, in this film, the quiet and intense shots of the devil's dog that stares people down are somewhat nerve-racking. More effective than if they had taken the more obvious path of having a dog of tranquility, servitude and public hostility ("Kojo"?). The directors save this wisely because when the dog appears in its full supernatural form. The effects occur when this happens, although it is uncomplicated according to today's standards, but it gave me chills. "I'm not quite sure what to look at," I am struck by how the real supernatural vision will be, instead of the ultra-realistic digital printer / composer, the desserts of the horror movies of the last day. <br /> <br /> While the human characters in this film are not presented as satisfactorily as their enemy or the world in which they live, all actors are doing decent work. The brother-sister pairing of "Witch Mountain" movies, like, my brother and sister, is a bit cheesy part of the sharp casting, but they're fine. Yvette Mimieux is always entertaining if you are not affected. Richard Crane gets more and more sympathy from the audience as the film progresses. He wonders whether his family's eccentricity is really a supernatural conspiracy or whether the mere submission to paranoid schizophrenia is handled well, although he believes that getting a routine body might provide an explanation for what he was experiencing is ridiculous . In his naiveté. <br /> <br /> The end-of-the-end-question-mark in the film is one of the only ones I've ever seen that does not look like a cheap trick. It really made me think about the choices these characters will have with the next, what you're likely to do and how you'll feel Its about it. <br /> <br /> Critics of this movie may say it's just a long-featured tool for some glowing characters in retina clips, but hey, you can say the same thing about Blade Runner. :-)
