In what will most likely be found in the list of the best Fuller movies (that is, as soon as I see only more of them and Shock Corridor), Pickup on South Street is the film Noir where the fatale femme, as well as male protagonist, is not typical in this genre. Like most of his other works, Fuller injects his own experiences and sense of New York style, which is absent in Hollywood. On a small budget - at least for the likes of Darrell Zanook - Fuller and his representatives create beloved characters even in such a dark atmosphere. Good people are basically people who will not be exposed to violence with you even when they're looking for extra profit. <br /> <br /> Richard Widmark, Jan Peters, and Telema Ritter are all wonderful in the main parts. Widmark is one of only a few actors that I can think of who could have saved them from this character. It's a bit like Bunny Bugs, because it can be wise to be metastasized. On the other hand, the character of Skip McCoy has a set of values ​​in his life. He does not deal with the affairs of others, and does not try to care for much of the world of work outside his small hut on the river, after sending him away for three years. Slips, without knowing him, when a woman picks up (Peters) on the train, and lifts an element under the government's eye. They may have some secrets that can make him a lot of money. But at what price represents the focus of the film, because it involves feces Moi (Ritter is one of the finest and most authoritative representatives of the period), the former woman (Kelly volatile), and the police department. <br /> <br /> Regardless of the substantive elements, which are reported in a very dramatic press style (as was the case of the former Fuller, along with the boxer), the dialogue is new and includes. There are many spontaneous moves in the Fuller camera. And the third work. This short, slender, short film deserves review even if it is not familiar to Fuller (it is a little less surprising than some of his later works).
