The film is a small, thrilling piece of filmmaking by Sam Fuller that gives Richard Widmark the opportunity to show some of his best and most influential works in the role of Scip McCoy, a small thief who stumbles in a military secret to choose the beautiful Jeep of Jean-Pierre on a crowded bus. It turns out that Candy was working for her boyfriend (former?), Who works for "commies". <br /> <br /> In a superficial way, there is ambiguity here regarding the motivations of Candy and Skip, which spend much of the film determined by motives. In fact, it seems that at first it is assumed to be "colossal", you go to the point of pouring beer in her face in a harsh gesture. But the real question is ?? What happens with Skip? What are his motives, why did Candy love him so much? Why do we (the public) want to love him so much? What the filmmakers have done here is essentially to create a very striking "male charm" in the character and performance of Widmark. Just as male audiences tend to think of the length of a movie such as "Big Sleep" or "The Glass Key" along with the main characters, whether the female character is trustworthy or just a pretty face, the filmmakers here have a similar predicament to female viewers. Widmark is handsome, and there is also charm in his boyish inspiration? But the first time he meets the leader, he steals her and then punches her in the face. In the end it becomes a question ?? That skip the sink is too low to sell out his own against the buck (his comments to the police, like "you waving the flag in ME?" Make us doubt it)) or is simply out to avenge his friend Mo's murder (Thelma Ritter)? I am not sure that the film gives us a definite answer in either case. <br /> <br /> Does the character of Telema Ritter deserve a special mention? I've created a truly indelible character here. Fuller is not afraid to give her a lot of "work" ?? In the form of material objects used to attract the public to its world, especially its links used. Another example of Fuller's "work" would be the scene with Victor Perry (the actor I've seen used to influencing elsewhere) using chopsticks to scare Candy. <br /> <br /> Focus on Moe's relationship with Skip provides one of the most revealing films of "The Honor Between Thieves". In fact, Skip enjoys the same kind of comfort and the same kind of casual relationship with the police, with the notable exception of Capt. Tiger (Murvyn Vye) who has a grudge against him. I loved the scene in which the police called by name and gave them beer when they came to bring him in his hut. Those are the details that make this movie look real? Whether it is really "real" or not, is it important to have completely separate questions. <br /> <br /> Tell me all to say that this is a major crime film featuring many of the best and most sustainable features. Film Noir Film School. A predictable plot is set by a group of colorful characters (uniformly good performance), inexpensive sets are hidden from the relentless film frequency, and the final product feels much more substantial than it is likely to be. This is the best film I have ever seen by Sam Fuller and help me see better why it is a major way out? I've done some things here that I think he tried but eventually failed to do in other films like "The Crimson Kimono" and "Shock Corridor" as much as the proven acting and thrill. This is one of my favorite shows from Widmark that I've seen so far? Widmark was a talent I would say (based on a few of the special films I saw with him) that was similar to that of Alan Ladd or Humphrey Bogart, although he did not make many classic films.
