"Shock Corridor (1963)" was my first film of Samuel Fuller, and I was impressed by the amazing combination of B-film aesthetics and big budget aesthetics, even if the story itself was a pure coincidence. "Pickup on South Street (1953)" was released a decade before his career at Fuller, which was clearly produced on a larger budget than a large studio, Twentieth Century-Fox. However, the images are still remarkable in that there is a fairly natural element in photography, unlike Dassin's' The Night and City (1950) and Kazan 'Panic in the Streets (1950)' The latter is also from photographer Joe MacDonald. In some scenes, Fuller ignites the camera near their actors' faces so that they are far from concentrating, recording candidly intimate thoughts and emotions and concise distractions being communicated through it so that more features reveal the face, eye. Although (unexpectedly) susceptible to melodrama, with just a hint of anti-communist propaganda, 'Pickup on South Street' is a powerful film that succeeds prominently in its evocation of the situation ?? Underground in New York City. <br /> <br /> When the outlaw walks out of jail, McCoy (Richard Widmark) skips the purse of a woman on the subway (Jan Peters), but he goes beyond his pockets more than the "originally bargained." The woman, Candy, and her former boyfriend The coward Joey (Richard Kelly) smuggles very classified information to the communists, and McCoy unexpectedly retrieves an important collection from the small film. Designed only to promote an anti-communist agenda and stand out as unrivaled propaganda since World War II. [Dwight Taylor, For a story, he also wrote "The Thin Man Goes" Home (1944), 'The Only Propaganda of the Series.' For no apparent reason, every character can be identified? Even the self-serving grotto skipping McCoy? Eventually becomes a national self-sacrifice, In the traditional film "Noir," the unrecognized criminal gets his punishment, which is the logical punishment of his sins, but that does not seem to be the case when they served their country; <br /> <br /> Richard Wiedmark, the actor I really liked, plays the arrogant pickle with composure, though always with the easy hint that he bites more than he can chew. The opening scene of the train is the best in the film, as McWay quietly and silently hunts in a victim's handbag, recalling "Preson Pickkopit (1959)." Thelma Ritter is great as a tired person on the street who will distribute information to anyone who wants to pay for it (although, of course, it draws the line in Commies). Jean Peters is a good actor, as the abandoned lady moves the information to the other side and plays a completely free-of-magic role; Fuller is reported to have commented that she had a prostitute who was a bit of a prostitute. However, Peters must suffer from an open love affair with Widmark that actually reduces the film's attempts at realism. Surprisingly, as soon as it was released, "Pickup on South Street" was immediately condemned as Communist propaganda by the FBI, and was condemned by the Communist Party for being the exact opposite. Go and conclude.
