Sam Fuller's excellent PICK UP ON THE SOUTH STREET is a great choice among a range of low-budget cars affected by the Cold War in the early 1950s. In less than 80 minutes, the game PICK UP ON SOUTH STREET has become tough, dazzling, explosive and fun without end. <br /> <br /> Widmark stars as a pickup point for McCoy, which has already been captured three times. However, McCoy can not keep his roving fingers away from trouble. The problem is exactly what slips into him when he grabs the Mand Cane portfolio. Candy's portfolio contains a priceless roll of microfilm for the communist movement, the last job of her former friend Richard Kelly to make the delivery. However, when Widmark does so, Peters must do all it takes to reclaim the movie you did not know (initially). <br /> <br /> It's a delicious setting, with Widmark's personality, not the psychological character of KISS OF DEATH, a real real wire, unpredictable and difficult, but strangely charming. When Bogart or Mitchum stepped into the role of Noir, you knew what you would get: a single antagonist who would maintain his moral integrity and eventually win it (Bogart), or a man with great gaps who would allow himself to drift into Mitchum's trap. With Widmark, you do not know what you're going to get, and in his incredibly modern manner of acting (his films always hold up well) it's amazing to watch. Here he is torn between achieving a great degree for himself by selling the film, or handing him over to the police and fighting "Commies" on the right side of the law. He still has to pretend that Peters never picked up to avoid the deadly Fourth Rap on his page. <br /> <br /> Peters gets their best role as a gold dessert. Widmark's unpredictability is best seen with Peters; the wonderful crocodile is fast (and incredibly incredible - the romantic angle is accelerated) under the Widmark mantra, yet Widmark alternates between kissing or slapping it. The strong-brimmed beauty of Peters, but the lack of Hollywood's extravagance (Lana Turner will never do well in this role) is a major feature of the film. Candy is not innocent, but it is very weak, and the men constantly pass it and slap it. Widmark knocks her back at her first meeting and wakes her up with beer on her face, but in the end, she becomes more tender (after she set one of the two moves from Kiley). The scene should not work in the hospital with Peters and Widmark, but it works. <br /> <br /> Thelma Ritter is as wonderful as Moe, and it deserves Oscar nomination. Ritter's performance, like anything else in the film, is a brave, genuine and sincere performance. Her death scene is stunning. Camera moves Fuller and site settings are particularly interesting. Fuller loved a good shot up close, and PICK UP ON SOUTH STREET enjoyed many uncomfortable tight shots that only reinforced the plot's tension. Fuller is not afraid of leaving the camera hanging longer than is allowed in the truly old Hollywood allowed, yet it is surprisingly pulling away from the scene of Ritter's death to give the audience maximum impact. The urban areas and unusual camera angles on the South Street offer a bold and modern look that is unrivaled. <br /> <br /> 10/10.
