Samuel Fuller is hardly a senior manager of America. I'm not sure he qualifies as one of Hollywood's greatest craftsmen. But he is definitely ranked first with the best real Hollywood professionals who were willing to go to their own music. During the time he worked at Hollywood studios, he knew how to take on a task, formulate the mitigation material he received, and then quickly and efficiently convert it to something usually better than its parts ... on time and budget. Pickups in South Street is an example. On the roof, is one of the most anti-communist Hollywood movies in early Hollywood, complete with appeals to patriotism, a pariah hero and a bad guy. Fuller transforms this vulgar Hollywood movie into an exciting and exciting drama with any number of inappropriate transformations. The hero, Scip McVeigh, is a loser three times, a small crook with soft fingers that does not change his lines to the end. Enjoy the girl in the cover, Candy, a level of virtue that is easy to overcome if you are inclined. One of the most attractive characters, Mo Williams, is the stool. In an unusual approach to Hollywood's battle against Commies, the national calls fall on deaf ears; the hero is not motivated by anything even ennobling. He just wants to recover for a personal reason, and ends up being ... at least until now ... a good man. <br /> <br /> In addition, all actors are mostly assigned to Fuller by the studio. It had to do. Richard Widmark has now proved himself as an actor and star, but Jean Peters is a surprise. It gives a wonderful picture of an exciting woman and in quantity, not better than the friends of her son ... or her clients ... want her to be. Richard Kelly, who will later become a Tony twice-star on Broadway, is slippery and convincingly persuasive. It's hard to remember that he was the actor who gave us, and I mean, the "impossible dream" of a Lamansha man. <br /> <br /> More than anything else, this is the story of starch picking a purse in a subway car and finding Himself with microscopic secrets instead of money, followed by the Fed and Commies, goes straight ahead into the big economy. The whole enterprise, in the classic form of Noir, takes only 80 minutes to tell us. The dialogue, with Fuller as a screenwriter, contains this dynamic party, characterized by a pattern of strong, boiled imagination. One of the characters says to skip the candy: "This cupcake I've been ... is fine." Fuller moves us quickly enough from place to place to keep us posted on what happens next. Then Fuller cast Mo Williams. Suddenly, the story escalates to a whole new level of attention, part of the comedy, and part of sad sadness. <br /> <br /> What I like most about the film is how the opening represents Fowler's talents and strengths. In two minutes and 15 seconds, starting with the credits directly, Fuller is able to play the movie immediately, determine what the story is about for us, and show the type of characters - Skip and Candy - we will be involved with. He does so much seductive curiosity in a hot subway car so crowded that we can feel that Fuller puts the hook to catch us. <br /> <br /> Glenn Eriksson, in my opinion one of the best critics of films, says, "In what should be an illogical story, Sam Fuller identifies his own American view from the bottom up: the stiff neck, Of the error and what is right and not afraid to fight for it, as always in his work, the individuals who are fighting the most for their country are least likely to benefit from this effort. "It is right, which makes the film still alive after 55 Years.
