In this 20th century film, the capital is a maze of desperation in which zombies and predators live by living apart from one another. Smashing the city's sights less on abandoned humanity in a grim expressionist symbolism. <br /> <br /> A whore hijacked her suitcase on the subway. Contains microfilm, and the communist spy ring will go to the extreme to restore it. Two parallel investigations have revealed that both spies and police have been tracking valuable information. <br /> <br /> The bumpy jumping game played by the heroes skipped McCoy with a lean assertion from Richard Widmark. He knows that the police are his moral faults and intellectual motives, so he makes fun of them: "Keep going," says team captain Dan Tiger (Morphine Vayy), charged. "In this ruthless world, police are just another gang in the streets, just like Candy Hooker nominates Lightning Louie to get the lead, so the police are busy pushing the stool bath for information. He believes that when Widmark made this film he was already in his early middle age ... The 39-year-old star, who is close to the end of his contract with Fox, plays the role of the novice Sky Makoe with a teenage scream. Proves his interest in the love of the unconscious and then refreshes it by putting the beer in her face, but with the habits of the period, it indicates Here, in the middle of the explosion of five years of celebrity film B, is as beautiful and attractive as a whore with a golden heart. She is the victim of the story. , A martyr for her beauty as much as she is anything else, she means well, but is constantly being dispensed by the cynical men - Joey, Scape and the police. <br /> <br /> The true star of this film is New York. The infiltrating metro is a terrible provocation to the city as a hateful living force. Like worms in moldy cheese, human figures are seen on both sides of the city. Elevators, swivel doors and sidewalks - even the stupid waiter - serve as channels for the flow of corrupt human beings. People cling to any safe place: Moe has her dark rented room, and skips his stubborn hut on the Hudson River. When characters move and interact, they are framed by the geometry of bridges, or networks of beams, or are broken down by hanging and processing winch. The character of the city constantly imposes itself. The corners and beams of timber at the quayside resonate with the networked street plan, simulating card index cabinets in the Manhattan skyline. When an air exit from the subway is forbidden, it looks like the city's steel columns are surrounding it. <br /> <br /> An amazing proportion of this film is filmed in a very close-up picture. The character pays the plot, as it should, and uses close-ups to increase character. When Skip Skips Candy, the image captures the close sexual energy between them, which hates the hostility of the words Skip. The beauty of Jean Peters was painted with light, in a beautiful close-up of soft focus. The device is also used to increase tension. The opening sequence, the hijacking of the purse, does not contain any dialogue: drama depends entirely on the close-up of its powerful influence. <br /> <br /> Voyagers and climbers on voyeurs fill the movie. Mo (Thelma Ritter) earns her living as an informer, her place in the hierarchy is acceptable, even by her victims. When Scibe observes, "You must eat," is chanted by the repetition of abstinence. Just as the New Yorkers roam the "rectals" of mutton or wood, the world of vice trades in the commodity of information. <br /> <br /> Even with a stool bath he is superior to Joey and his communist friends. Air feet on Moe's bed symbolize overriding the basic code of ethics. Joey is far from pale. Moe will not trade with Joey, so she can keep her life: "... even in our open business, you have to draw the line somewhere." <br /> <br /> "Pick-Up" was created in the depths of the Cold War. Richard Nixon was just elected as a Republican candidate for vice president, after he was named with his charismatic Algerian revelations - false communist microfilm and everyone else. McCarthy's experiments were a daily reality. We see the police in the film oppose "the traitors who gave Stalin the bomb." <br /> <br /> New York can be seen as a giant pot that ducks the human's bowels and fails and kills. Containers form dominant throughout the film. Mu carry their own brand box, candy box, microfilm container, is the plot engine. Skip keeps his only possessions in an unmarked cage, symbolizing his secret wisdom on the street. The coffins of the poor, which descend on the Hudson River on board a ship, are containers with only one cargo being transported around the city that is not around. <br /> <br /> The movie is a wonderful masterpiece. Candy is shown above skateboard jumping on the shabby walkway of the chateau, which shows its moral rise. When the gun is placed on the table, the extreme perspective makes it seem bigger than candy - the violence began in the dwarf compassion. The lovers break the shadows of the hooks and remind us that their love is neither pure nor absolute; it depends on the whims of the evil city. Communist Enyard is a shadow on the wall, or puff of cigarette smoke. It's like a cat the only alley between garbage - the ghost of the predatory night. Camera shots from under taxi covers, inside newspaper kiosks, and through the hospital beds constantly reinforce the awareness that we are all trapped in the city. We are the cradle of civilization.
