Pickup On South Street is one of the most brilliant films ever produced. Example of guidance: When Candy (Jean Peters) begins to pass through her bag and notices that her wallet is missing, a warning in the background starts in the building where she is - as if there was a warning in her head. It does not look like a cartoon - it's skillfully woven in the background in a way that hits you at the subconscious level until you watch the movie several times just "click" that there is a warning bell going off when you frenziedly go through her bag. <br /> <br /> Richard Widmark sits at the top of his career as a smart alec - it's really wonderful - but the film's leading performance was the first scene of "Moe" a street vendor, played by Thelma Ritter. Later, in her apartment, you did not see a movie - you see a real person. I did not see anyone "acting" so real that I felt I was looking in a real room until Ritter's performance - down to the way her hair was torn a bit when I removed her hat. <br /> <br /> About a million other things just work, * How Lightning Louie combines money with chopsticks to the way Candy clicks when Moe clicks away from her brooch, to the way Moe gets The dollars and change from the police chief across the FBI man's box - and even the way the captain opens his file cabinet, as if he's doing it that way in that room for many years. "Pickup On South Street" is a detailed movement with great performances and wonderful pictures from now nostalgic to the day, such as truck planks, water-proof paintings, and dumbwaiter, - the unforgettable place to skip throttling Pocket options. cool stuff. <br /> <br /> "Pickup On South Street" is also one of the few movies you care about, although characters are not perfect, but perhaps because they brand fairly their past in ways that are hard to escape: skip the "loser three times" and "Candy" as a young woman "touched" a lot. When these people behave worse than you expect, this is an innovative way to make you look like people you never imagined - yet you know they are possible because the actors made them a recognized person
