After the failure of the "Crusades" at the box office, Cecil stopped. Demel for producing films about non-American history. His films for the next 13 years were about our history from Jean Lafitte to World War II (Dr. Vasil). This film was the first in terms of production, starring Gary Cooper as Wild Bill Hickock, with Jean Arthur as Jane Calametti. James Ellison was Buffalo Bell, and John Milgan (not as evil as usual). Custer, Anthony Quinn was one of the Indians who fought in Little Big Horn. The bad guys led Charles Beckford (selling arms to the Indians) and Porter Hall as Jack McCall (who killed Wild Bill Hickock). <br /> <br /> Basically, the film deals with the history of the United States after the Civil War. Lincoln appears at first talking about the next step now that he surrendered to me. Lincoln talks about the need to secure the West (more on this point later). He then announces that he has to go to the theater. April 14 must be very busy for Abe - in "Virginia City" Grant was granted to Errol Flynn at the request of Miriam Hopkins on the same date. <br /> <br /> Indeed, while Lincoln was concerned about the West, his immediate thoughts on the last day of his presidency were about the reunification of the former Confederate states and their citizens in the Union as soon as possible. It was reconstruction that attracted his attention, not the West (except for the problems of Maximilian and his French-controlled forces in Mexico against Juarez). But he was involved in real problems with the West. In 1862, General John Pope, the loser in Second Manassas, was sent to Minnesota to quell a serious Indian war at the hands of Sioux (McKinley Cantor, Sprite Lake.) The Pope became incompetent against Lee and Jackson. To be very effective here, and the rebellion was broken. <br /> <br /> However, with all of Lincoln's actual attention to Western problems, it is doubtful that he would say (as Cooper once repeated), "the border must be safe." There is nothing he says he could not To say so, but barely a deep statement by a prominent statesman. As Teddy Roosevelt said, "Eat a good breakfast every morning for your health." A profound statement of policy, that at best, a statement of a recognizable fact, Cooper transforms it into a simple mantra, such as the Lincoln version of the Monroe Doctrine, ... typical of the way that the Dymel scripts have really bad mistakes common sense in them. <br /> <br /> However, this is not an istake destruction. "The Plainsman" is a movie adventure, and as such he fully benefits from DeMille who created the film. As such, it is worth watching. But not as a textbook about Lincoln's political ideas or his importable legacy.
