Kim Basinger starred as Della, a housewife with twin children (Terry and Tammy played by Luke Gaer and Erika Shay Gaer) and an abusive shudder for Kenneth, played by Craig Scheffer. <br /> <br /> The movie opens on Christmas Eve. Kenneth on his way home from work, driving a beautiful car has been added. He's on his mobile phone arguing with a business partner I suppose. When he gets home, he sees that the floor is a mess of shoes and toys scattered. This bothers him more and deals with his wife, Della, and asks her why the house is always messy. He hung it on the wall. Watch the twin of the stairs. Piercing the wall, leaving a hole in it and walking away. She tends to children, trying to calm them down. After all that has been said to do, you need to go to the mall to do some last minute shopping and because it is out of wrapping paper. I got there and the parking lot is full because there are lots of last minute shoppers there. While searching for a parking place, I noticed a car occupying two spaces and this excites her. She finally finds a place for parking, making her way into the huge car and leaving a note under the swab that describes the owner as a "selfish shiver". Then go to the mall for last minute shopping. <br /> <br /> When you finally leave the mall, it closes, and many people have already left. She is not the owner of the car that left the note but noticed it on the way to her car. I also noticed that the note I left under the swab no longer exists. Individual. When they reach her car, they enter her to start up. I noticed a car climb up behind it and prevent it from backing up. She gets out of the car just to be confronted by the owner of the car (Chuckie played by Lucas Haas). The note and one of his friends left the thugs. It is followed by a scream and a police officer (no, not Paul Blart) making his way to see what the problem is, just to get Chuckie's brains out of his head. While this happens, Della jumps into her car, starts to run and moves above the median in front of her. Chucky and Hossa jump into his car and give chase. Della ends her car wrecking in a pile of trees in a residential project but has not been damaged. She managed to reach the back of her car, open a hatchback and grab the toolbox before thugs arrived there. <br /> <br /> However, Della spends the rest of the night trying to beat thugs armed with the tools she owns in her toolbox as weapons. The first murder, in my opinion, is the best. The first murder performed by Della anyway. Perhaps the latter was the weakest and it was better to have this is the main villain from which it was launched. <br /> <br /> I will admit that there will be some who postpone the purchase of the end and have failed myself a bit. As a whole though it was a fun flick and it moves well in 1 hour and 20 minutes run time.
