Attention, spoiler! <br /> <br /> Many people told me that Planet of the Apes was the worst film Tim Burton apart from that much weaker than the original film. So I decided not to see him. Another friend advised me not to watch the film yet, watching it nonetheless because "Tim Burton is still Tim Burton." I decided to do it and found it right. <br /> <br /> It is clear that a new version of a famous movie like "Planet of the Apes" is automatically influenced by commercial thinking. However, Tim Burton was able to shoot his film to represent the strange hilarity as well as "Beatlegus" or "Batman". If you're really fond of Burton movies, it's hard not to like one of your films, even if you have some drawbacks: the monkey monkey that bites the nerve, the high-heeled monkeys, and the lead actor who could have been replaced, without difficulty, by someone else. <br /> <br /> What the film gives in the first place is an answer to the question: What is the result when Tim Burton is directed to create a new version? First of all, Burton would not be, if he did not refuse to call him a new version of the beginning; it was "re-imagining." On the other hand, Burton knows that almost every scene of his film has seen the first Charlton Heston film (as a human), and he knows that there is a new edition that does not exist without its model and that the two films will not stop being compared. So all he does is play with this comparison at every moment of his film, e. G. By reference to quotations. As for storytelling, Burton does a great job by answering open questions first, then pushing the entire audience to despair by destroying this wonderful clarity and ending the film with? Here is the spoiler? Liu returned to Earth and found himself in a world that seemed to be ruled by monkeys forever. <br /> <br /> Now, this is the sarcastic answer to the expectations of the people they hold because of the amazing and startling end of the first Planet of the Apes. End, even more unexpected, more surprising and: quite confusing, because? Here I do not agree with the different "Planet of the Apes" - the main pages and platforms ?? It does not mean anything. There can be no meaning to it, or just a complex meaning that becomes ineffective. Tim Burton plays hard games, he does it with a smile, and he does it well. Surely Burton fans, others may feel betrayed and complain of some kind of madness. Well, do not I think the producers will ask Burton to direct a new edition again?
