Gordon Parks, the prolific photographer of Life Life, has prepared a real shot of a movie here - a movie that does not fill itself! Based on the true story of two New York City police officers - later dubbed Batman and Robin - who used individual drone tactics to cleanse a living of drugs, this film is a cop before the term becomes a repetitive formula. Walking lightning fast, there is no important unimportant scene here. <br /> <br /> A New York City man in the early 1970s must be a terrible place to be a police officer, from the looks of films like this and "Serpico". These conditions begin at the beginning of the role of conscripts in the safety department, where they break the traders in civilian clothes in their spare time. But instead of receiving applause from the city police department, they receive only the resistance and hostility from their peers. They have to move individually in a minefield of police and legal corruption, stubborn tasks to keep them out of the streets, ruthless drug bosses, and a bad Jewish neighborhood. <br /> <br /> Both David Selby and Ron Lebman are wonderful in the threads. Part of the entertainment watching Libman's eyes as she roams insanely at every scene in a flawless comical performance, and Selby behaves low-level and fast. These two characters make all the comedies of the story work - showing clear frustration combined with a brave design. Director Parkes, who was already known for covering controversial subjects in his portrayal, is not ashamed of the melancholy of the story. Instead, the film is relentless in portraying the toughness of the world of police criminals and the streets inhabited by these two men. This realism is compounded by the fact that the real Hantz and Greenberg were technical advisers to the film, and that they even appeared in the roles of a surreal veil as fellow officers who ridiculed the heroes. It is a real tribute to the effectiveness of Parkes' direction that he manages to balance this melancholy and bright comedy. <br /> <br /> Why has MGM / UA allowed this to sit on the shelf for 30 years - hardly giving it a home video or a DVD version in the US? It's a simple masterpiece from the 1970s.
