Before there was a crash, there was this interesting film called the Grand Canyon. Grand Canyon was released about 14 years ago and was a film about two people from different backgrounds who meet as friends throughout life. For me, Crash was still a little better, but Grand Canyon was not. <br /> <br /> In Los Angeles, a top-level lawyer named Mack (Kevin Kline) takes a shortcut across the first side. Of the city just to have his car crumble in the worst of time. He calls for a tow truck and has to wait a moment, to be threatened soon by a group of dangerous people who want his car. Soon the tow truck driver arrives at the perfect moment and steps out Simon's steps (Danny Glover) to move the truck away. Both men are threatened, but Simon is able to get himself, Mac, and the car out of the terrible straits. From here on the friendship between the two men evolves over the course of a lifetime with Mac, who helps Simon just as Simon helped him out of a dangerous position. The sister of Simon Deborah (Tina Leford) lives in a dangerous neighborhood with her two children, and fears for her older son who seems to be walking the streets at night with some of the bad guys. Mack offers them a better place to live in addition to installing Simon with his friend Jane (Alfre Woodard). <br /> <br /> This is the main plot of the film, but there are other smaller plots that include the same secretary mentioned above (Mary Louise Parker) as well as Mac's wife Mary McDonnell, who discovers an abandoned child long after their son Roberto (Jeremy) Sesto in his first film role) to the camp in the summer, is likely to be moving forward in his life soon. The details of all these plots are collected in one complex film that uses a police helicopter as a metaphor for life as a bridge to link all the different scenes. This simple drawing device works well and helps greatly in story flow. <br /> <br /> The filmmaker Lawrence Cassdan, his biggest film to date, The Big Chill, has created a great film here. The cast is excellent, and most ideas are well thought out, but unfortunately do not live up to grandeur because some points, which would make the film stronger, have been polished. The story that includes the secretary is one, and the second that includes Simon's nephew is the other. These scenes must be more detailed about the whole story, and then perhaps Lawrence Kasdan's views of life between the upper and lower classes were more on a higher level rather than just too good. Grand Canyon is still above expectations, and yes, you will see a valley called this movie by its name. There is also a small role for Steve Martin in the role of Davis, a producer of violent films, who offers his own views of life, and has a small role to play in the ideas of this film.
