If you really want to know how most actors and directors in the Hollywood scene "made him" where they are, the vast majority will tell you (assuming they will) that there is a strange coincidence that has occurred. They met the right people at the right time and entered into the appropriate project that led to other contacts and other projects. Quentin Tarantino took a class that was taught by Harvey Keitel. Kevin Spacey took a back pass from a sleeping sleeper in a lecture to a famous playwright who helped him to land an important role. Robin Williams attributes his career to the son of Gary Marshall, who, after watching Star Wars, suggested that his father visit a foreigner to visit Cunningham "Happy Days." These coincidences, often seen as pure luck, are many careers in Hollywood today. Or is it pure luck? Is it possible to do something else? The Grand Canyon, written and directed by Lawrence Kasdan, proposes a completely different interpretation of the non-concept, also known as the miraculous miraculous miracle. The film relates to many different personalities whose lives intersect because of the positive events that can not be explained so far. <br /> <br /> Kevin Klein, the middle-aged father, is facing a meltdown in one of the most dangerous areas of Los Angeles. After calling a tow truck, a young gang attacked him. Threatening violence if he did not leave his car. Before the confrontation escalates directly, Danny Glover appears as a tow truck driver and eases the gang's intentions. Although Glover denies this later, he may have saved Klein's life. The producer (Steve Martin) is shot for cheap violent movies in the leg and after the wings have a spiritual experience. He then announces his retirement from blood production and entertainment. Clain's wife, Claire (Mary McDonnell), finds a baby in hiding in some leaves. She claims that the child cried over her and that her "rescue" of the baby was in advance. <br /> <br /> The film explores the results of these exotic links that lead to more relationships and ends with relationships and a new beginning. All the time, a strange homeless man appears in the film as if somehow connected with everything that is going on. <br /> <br /> It is very rare in Hollywood, or in the film in general, to explore such a purely mystical subject. There are a few moments that seem somewhat unreasonable, but perhaps this is the point. What makes the film work is a wonderful work by the cast. Although miracles and coincidences may seem elusive, actors make you think they are facing these new realities. Perhaps this is a subject we should explore more than once.
