I visited the Grand Canyon earlier this year when I started preparing a list of the top ten of the 1990s. I first saw the film when I was 17 years old. How did you hear about it? It was reviewed and highly recommended by Siskel & Ebert in 1991, and finally I saw it in a video a year later. <br /> <br /> It's a great movie, a powerful movie, a healing film, about listening power, and really listening to each other. I've seen him six times now, and he entertains me and inspires me with every next show. But why poor reviews of this film? The movie guide Maltin gives her two out of four. Very Orthodox expressions, a lot of coincidence, and very happy, are the expressions I read most. Yes, there is melodrama in this story, and yes, there is a lot of coincidence as well. But it delivers with intensity and strength that looks flexible. For every "plot" in the Grand Canyon, like the shooting of a passing car, police chase, earthquake, love, the discovery of a woman for a child in the bush, another shooting, and a near-new accident. This film wins the driver and worldly advice of a homeless man, due to the clever performance of Kevin Klein, Steve Martin, Mary McDonnell, Alfry Woodard, Danny Glover and Jeremy Sesto. He also succeeds due to the direction and writing of Laurence Kasdan. You know that this is not just another film when you think of a sequence at the beginning of the film that includes Kevin Klein's harassment by four young blacks. Danny Glover plays the role of truck driver who helps Klein's character, but not before being harassed by the group leader. Listen to the dialogue as the child suggests to Glover, "Are you afraid of me because of me, or because I have a gun?" <br /> <br /> Grand Canyon is filled with an insightful scene. Steve Martin was supposed to have been nominated for Best Supporting Actor as a film producer who has a change of heart and then a change of mind later on. I think his character is a warning that the "good" can propel us forward, that idealism is virtue, but we must fight for it constantly instead of relying on it. <br /> <br /> I am afraid that the Grand Canyon may be lost forever in the wilderness of non-new versions in the video store. But with so many deals now up to 99 cents, I beg anyone who read this far in a review from one of the reviewers thanking him after renting it, the Grand Canyon is something special. If you like Magnolia, another movie featuring a great collection of deep human themes, you'll also love the Grand Canyon.
