This production was produced in the mid-1980s and appears to be the first serious attempt to develop BLEAK HOUSE on celluloid. No film has been attempted at all (it's remarkably rich in sub-sites that actually act as counterpoints to each other, so hard to trim). The novel was the only attempt Dickens made to make the central narrator (one of two at work) a woman, Esther Samerson. Esther was raised by her aunt and uncle who mistreated her (in Dickens' typical style). They are illegitimate, but they will not tell her anything about her status. Later we get involved with the nobility, Sir Leicester Diedluk, and his wife. Mrs. Honoria Deadlock (Ms. Diana Reg) faces an increasing time in her private life and the involvement of family lawyer in Tulkinghorn (Peter von). We are also involved in the actions of Richard Carston (friend of Ester) in an attempt to win a long-standing brokerage case, Jarndis v. Garendez, which warns everyone (even the cousin of Richard John Garlands, played by Desmond Elliott). <br /> <br /> Dickens was a legal reporter and then a parliamentary reporter before he wrote fiction. Starting with a violation of the promise status in PICKWIC PAPERS, Dickens looked closely at the law. Mr. Bumble said he was "the ass" in OLIVER TWIST and that Dickens would consistently support this view. He sees slums as a breeding ground for crime in the TWIST, which the law barely tries to address. He attacks Chancery's outdated real estate laws, as well as very powerful lawyers and greedy lawyers (Tulkinghorn, Vholes) at BLEAK HOUSE. In LITTLE DORRIT, he attacked the prisons of the debtors (he had also beaten her at David COPPERFIELD). In our mutual friend we look at testers and wills. In the mystery of Edwin Drewd, it seems he would have gone to the murder trial. Dickens was more critical of legal institutions than most of his contemporaries, including Thackeray. <br /> <br /> But the novel also looks at other problems (such as charity, religious hypocrisy, the emerging Scotland Yard detective corps, social confusion and industrial revolution). He also uses the novel to insult many people: Lee Hunt writer, Inspector Fields of Scotland Yard, and even the notorious Maria Manning. Most of these points were kept in this version of the fine mini series. If it is displayed again on the cable terminal, hold it.
