Two-thirds of the approximately 2000 IMDb users who voted on this film rated it in 8, 9 or 10, and one user report wearing six videos (was this a record or just a wrong VCR?). Although the film is mainly designed as a piece of time, it is clear that it has extraordinary charm. But for some reason I imagined it was very strange and until recently I did not feel the need to see it. My opinion was changed through the original book by Elizabeth von Arnhem. My wife loves to read but her eyesight is no longer allowed to read much so I borrowed him in the form of a modern book. Such books often annoy a fellow who is busy with other things, but gradually I realized that this book was seductively soothing, though it was not a drink in any way, and was well written. I realized that my wife would enjoy watching the movie, so I decided to buy her video. I am very happy now that I did, and I would definitely recommend it to anyone else who appreciates a quiet business without fireworks, but with the development of well-built characters and a successful Italian atmosphere before Mussolini. The story unfolds in the post-World War I period and begins with two married ladies in London who decide to pool their savings and enjoy a holiday together, away from their families, in a rented villa in Italy. The force of circumstances leads to the joining of this couple by two others with very different personalities and backgrounds. Its theme is not primarily the interactions that occur with the advancement of their holiday, not only among these four differentiated women, but also with the occasional male visitor. If you want excitement, excitement, sexy sex scenes, natural or man-made disasters, or romantic Harlequin style, this movie will not be right for you. But IMDb users have shown collectively and strongly that any of these things are necessary for a movie to prove to be very rewarding to watch, and if you're interested in trying it, you can, as you did, rank it among your very favorite movies. <br /> <br /> It's very rare to watch a film for a book I already know. In many cases, I find that this takes some pleasure away from watching the film, but here there is a strong visual attraction in the environment where I already found my happiness supported by the prospect of seeing the next part of the book, which was effectively recorded before my eyes. (Perhaps Italy itself has a role to play. The last time I had this experience was when I was watching tales from Bukamio Decameron on television.) Book films generally tend to increase the dramatic level of original work to ensure that the version has a greater appeal, but here if Anything has been reduced to keep viewers' attention on progressive character development rather than on any background events. This works very well, although the changes from the book are few and basically the film remains true to the original story. Much thanks to the director, Mike Newell, and all the team members, especially the well-known British actress who plays the role of the four ladies primate.
