Three girls, the youngest descendants of the Gaylord family, one of the most royal families in America, became orphaned at an early age. Before going directly to France to fight in World War I, their older father, Fiona, tells them not to sell the land at all. By the time the sisters became adults, they had to squander most of their money to pay lawyers to defend their property. Through some loopholes in the Will of the Father, a man named Charles Barclay stands to get the land of Gaylord, which wants to build a complex called Barclay Circle. Barkley already relies on John D. Rockefeller, who bought land and buildings from wealthy families in New York to build the Rockefeller Center. <br /> <br /> This film often deals with melodramatic concerns for the three sisters. . Fiona, played well by Barbara Stanwyck, although she certainly will not be considered one of her best roles, looks like a cold and tyrannical woman, and it turns out she has some skeletons in her wardrobe. Susanna, who played her role with Nancy Coleman, is a bit fond and in complete love with a young contemporary artist named Jig Young. Coleman was my favorite actor in the film. Eveline, who played Geraldine Fitzgerald, is a somewhat sinister story with Mono married to noble blood in England, but that does not prevent her from trying to steal Gigg from her sister. The three sisters were well developed, but as the main trend in The Gay Sisters, it was not good at all. Charles Barclay played by George Brent. It's not very good Well, it would be satisfactory if the story had shown the way it should be, but it always seemed like a mustache in the film. When we are asked to sympathize with him late in the film, this is impossible. Young concert played, right? , Young concert. No, he does not play himself. What happened was that the actor, who had worked in many previous films under his real name, Byron Bar, was pressured by Warner Brothers to change his name to something more attractive. I'm not sure he made the final choice, but he changed his screen name to Gig Young after his character at The Gay Sisters. Strange, eh? Young is very good at most of the film, but the script does some unfortunate things with his late character of the film and ultimately harms the public's sympathy with him. In two other supporting roles, Helen Theimage and Jane Lockhart were very good. <br /> <br /> Gay sisters have had great potential to become one of the great cinematic family stories. The characters are all interesting as well as their positions. Unfortunately, the script never seeks anything more than the simplest melodrama. If he made the relationships between all the major characters more complex, or reflected, for example, the rivalry between Evelyn and Susanna or making the flashback more complex, the film would be great. It was also possible to bring out more introductions, and let us know more about the Gaylord family. We need more attention to personalities and we need to empathize with them more. The end was in need of major reform. It's basically just giving up in the end. Fiona's problems are solved so badly that it hurts. Whatever sympathy her character gained as the film progresses, it collapses. She is also very happy. This story seems to be moving towards tragedy, or perhaps just a sense of historical importance or loss. We still hate Barclay. The struggle between the two sisters and Gig never resolved. With the fiasco of Fiona's story, Susanna, Gage and Evelyn are even worse. <br /> <br /> I still love the movie. It's perfectly viewable, even if it did not involve us like other great films of that era. 7/10, mostly for its potential. It had to be again, or should have been re-adapted the novel, at some point during the studio age. It is so old that it can not be reshaped now. The 1950s were the best time in films like Giant.
