I first saw Rob Roy for twelve years. With little money to entertain, I hired it for my fiancée and watched it on a chilling winter night. The film I wanted was gone, so I hired it instead, I did not expect much, and I was very surprised by its quality. I've seen it again recently, and loved it every time I saw it the first time. <br /> <br /> For those who are not familiar with the story, it is about Scottish law Robert Roy McGregor, a cattle and people hero. From the little I know about the man and his story, I took liberties with the facts, but it's a movie, not a school book, and so directors can be exempted. Basically, the plot of the film is that Rob Roy is borrowing money from Marquez Montrose to buy cattle he intends to sell and reap a big profit from them. However, his plan is thwarted when the friend who is in charge of money is robbed and killed in the forest. Our hero finds himself in flight after failing to settle the matter with the Marquis, and Mary, his wife, suffers from the rape of Sadie by Archibald Cunningham, an English man with no soul. The atrocities, even, result in a very satisfying finale, Rob Archibald carving like Christmas turkey. <br /> <br /> There are a lot of great performances in this film, but allow me to address some of them specifically. Liam Neeson, as usual, is a gorgeous, sexy monster you can not close your eyes to. Frankly, this guy looks like ice cream: even when it's bad it's good. Rob Rob has an honorable man who struggles to provide it to those who depend on him, in the best way he knows how. Jessica Lange, like Mary, gives this woman a ferocity, a nice change from the scanty-looking wives who usually force the audience to bear it. You know they do not take anyone from Rob, or anyone else in this regard. Tim Roth has completely finished filming the evil archipelago, but he works in some way. All the positions and the boot, along with some villainous dialogue, lead to one of the most wicked and unforgettable memories of modern times. Combining all this, and the wonderful work by other supporting players, with the glamorous Scotland scene, you have up to one film really, really wonderful. If you do not see this, I highly recommend it.
