In 1995, when many people spoke about the wonderful premiere of the Pravraf by Mel Gibson, he saw a very good new film, but it is hidden from Scottish history, ROB ROY. Although it is a completely different film, especially because of the historical period in which the story was presented, ROB ROY has a lot in common not only with brilliant BRAVEHEART but also with the spirit of epic films. <br /> <br /> It is a film that discusses similar themes, such as the fight for dignity, courage, honor and revenge, and the family is the key to happiness. It also leads us to the grace of the Scottish highlands where the human soul finds that the rest is surrounded by the greatness of nature. Robert Roy McGregor (Liam Neeson), the main character is the real hero (very universal in the epics), a kind of Scottish Robin Hood who is struggling to expel his people from the persecution imposed by Cold Cardinals. Although he is aggravated by actions, he suffers a lot, but there are two things that keep him in mind: he is proud to be given himself and to be loved by his wife Mary McGregor (Jessica Lange). This leads to unexpected events ... <br /> <br /> With the exception of interesting content and lively traffic, the film is full of truly stunning images. This factor has to do with both sets and locations of the film as well as the wardrobe. Many unforgettable moments in the minds of any viewer can allow himself to have an insight into artistic images. To me, it was the most spectacular scene in the highlands when Rob Roy told his children what honor really meant. After that, he sends them away and makes love for his beautiful wife. The scene that escapes from Marguis of Montrose (John Hurt) to the waterfall is also worth seeing as a stunning image. <br /> <br /> Of course, there are some forms of violence, such as in fencing, for example, but I do not think this violence will be as harmful as in many other modern films. Just like any other epic: the bloodshed and cruelty of those times were really dangerous and there would be no point in hiding them. The most disturbing scene, to me, was the rape that was on Rob Roy's wife by the villain of the story: Archibald Cunningham (Tim Roth). It is really disgusting and children must definitely get away from it. However, all that remains is O.K. However, there is one side that made me really love this film, which is a show. <br /> <br /> All actors perform ideal functions, from the leading Lian Neeson, who fits well with the tall, courageous and powerful stature of a Scottish man to the protagonists of Brian Cox who depicts the wicked Keelern, a silent witness of the terrible acts that feel comfortable with evil the war. Jessica Lange is very wonderful like Mary McGregor and has some of the most beautiful moments of the film. There is a chemistry between Ms. Lang and Mr. Nison in many of their scenes. John Hurt, one of the best British actors, does a great job like Marguis of Montrose, a corrupt man whose money is the goal that has been achieved by itself by any means. I like this quiet of filming. But the real villain is played by Tim Roth, who really depicts a miserable aspect of his personality, Archibald - a man who makes fun of love and loves war and finds real lust for rape and massacre. But, as in any good epic, this extraordinary evil must find its end ... <br /> <br /> There is another aspect: The musical result: such unforgettable and emotional tunes that must be heard in the ears for a while long . Last two minutes of crying, not only because of the beauty you convey, but because I gathered these dazzling tones with the greatness of sites. Scotland is still in the heart of its visitor and this film reminds me of this lasting influence. It was, as if, my second trip to Scotland. <br /> <br /> ROB ROY is a very beautiful movie, directed, photographed and done well. BRAVEHEART may not equate with its amazing collections and crowds of additions in battle scenes, but it is a fairly long film with great attention to one of the very important features that cinema should enjoy: stunning entertainment with noble education. I really enjoyed this movie, and do not hesitate to call it the 9/10 "Entertainment Heights" metaphor
