Unfortunately for this wonderful film, it had to be released the same year with Braveheart. Although it is a completely different genre of film, the conflict between the Scottish public and the nobility of English was at the forefront and in the middle as well. Nearly 400 years passed between the time Braveheart and Rob Roy were appointed, but some things seem to have never changed. The people of Scotland are still being led by English nobles, and the highlands do not seem able to rest when dealing with them. Rob Roy was run smoothly, but not the great epic that Braveheart had. There are no large-scale battles, and conflict here is more among individuals. Interestingly, not all English are portrayed as evil this time. Rob Roy is just a film about these honorable people, and those really bad guys. <br /> <br /> Liam Nison plays the role of royal character Rob Roy McGregor. He is the leader of the McGregor clan and his primary mission is to nurture and protect the cattle of local nobles known as Marquez Montrose (John Hurt). Things seem very difficult for the McGregor clan as the winter approaches, and there seems to be a shortage of food for all. Rob Roy puts a plan to borrow 1,000 pounds from the Marquis and buy some of his own cattle. Then sell them at a higher price and use the money to improve the overall well-being of their society. Sounds fair enough, right? Problems arise when two Marquis friends steal money for themselves. One of them, known as Archibald Cunningham, was probably the most evil character that was put on the film. This wonderful man played by Tim Roth, a potentially bankrupt man who sent him to live with the Marquis by his mother. This man is a disgusting, shameless, heartless, and extremely dangerous man with a sword. He was supporting a child with his eldest hand and refusing to hold on to responsibility. McGregor's wife was raped and burned outside his home. This guy is really rotten as movie characters come. Together with another friend of the Marquis (Brian Cox) Cunningham steals money and uses it to settle his debts. Although it is painfully clear to most people what happened, the Marquis still holds MacGregor's religion. This leads to conflict that kills many lives and challenges the strengths of a man who simply fights to uphold his dignity. <br /> <br /> The spoilers forward !!!!! <br /> <br /> McGregor, a Duke not a friend of the Marquis, is setting up a final duel between Rob Roy and Cunningham to resolve the dispute forever. Many saw this sword fight as one of the best shots ever shot. Many believe Cunningham is the sure winner of his speed and grace. For most of the fighting, these qualities seem to prevail. Only when Rob Roy seems to have ended does he run the tables in a shockingly strange way. The first time you see what happens, you are likely to be shocked like Cunningham! Rob Roy was beautifully photographed, behaved wonderfully, and walked the perfect pace. The result is very memorable, too. The options seem to have worked, with Jessica Lange, who may seem out of her element, in one of the most powerful shows, such as Mary McGregor. The film is violent, but there are not many voices. It is a vivid image full of perverse behavior. The nobles played largely as unethical and flabby. The film has no obvious drawbacks and therefore gets 10 out of 10 stars. <br /> <br /> The Hound.
