This is the moving story of the legendary Scotland hero, Rob Roy, and his battles with feudal landlords. Like Braveheart, which is very much compared, it is not very historical. Despite their mostly fictional nature, I appreciate both of these films very strongly and I will press hard to choose between the two. Others are considered in the 13th century William Wallace, another figure greater than the figure of life, as early as the 18th century Rob Roy as an honorable but ordinary Scotsman. <br /> <br /> The story is about the clan leader Robert Roy McGregor, who lives in a Scottish cottage in the Scottish Highlands with his wife Mary and their two young sons. As the film begins, he and his fellow tribesmen hunt down some thieves who stole the local cattle of the Lord. Rob Roy then wants to improve the living conditions of his people, so he arranges to borrow 1,000 pounds from a local nobleman, Marquez Montrose, to buy livestock for the herd to market. He temporarily entrusts the money to his friend, Alan MacDonald. When both MacDonald and the money become missing, Rob Roy finds himself in conflict with Montrose, as well as being a despicable owner, Archibald Cunningham, and his haggard worker, Keelern. The honor of Rob Roy is also tested when Montrose seeks to involve him in a false testimony against his rival, Duke of Argyle, who wishes to accuse him of being a Jacobite. <br /> <br /> Liam Leson's charming personality is a wonderful highland plateau Rob Roy, the smart and noble hero and noble man whose sense of honor is central to this story. Personally I feel that this is the best performance for Neeson, where it was added by the parliamentary (albeit Irish) to the ordinary viewer. Rob Roy is a stubborn, proud, courageous and sincere man whose word can be trusted. He is a loving husband and father, and is incredibly loyal to his friend, MacDonald, who is accused of theft. <br /> <br /> Tim Roth brilliantly depicts his main adversary and certainly one of the most horrific and sad filmmakers, Archibald Cunningham, the ruthless selfish peacock. It is very reckless for someone who makes it one of his most important business to plunder local women, whether he wants it or not. The pathetic Cunningham constantly points to the fact that he is unconsciously ignorant of his father's identity, although this hardly justifies his horrific acts of murder, rape and theft. Also, mercilessly cast aside the young slave girl, Betty, after becoming pregnant with his child, resulting in suicide. John Hurt plays the arrogant and confused Montrose, who eventually suggests he is Cunningham's father. <br /> <br /> The film is basically a very honest love story between an ordinary man and his wife, beautifully depicting the emotional relationship between Rob Roy and Mary. Those who doubt the existence of a passion within marriage should watch this husband and wife! I think the phrase used by this pair, "How good are you for me ..." is certainly one of the most beautiful expressions of love in all cinema. <br /> <br /> Robbie's wife Jessica Lange, Mary McGregor, may be the most attractive. Lack of make-up, have a beautiful but natural look of strong wife and mother of the peasantry. The actress brings great courage and dignity to her role when she is savagely raped by the despicable Cunningham, while the disgusting Keelern looks forward to it. Her dialogue is clear but full of pride and grace. I give Hollywood her dues because once they have shown enough in the rape scene to reveal her cruelty as well as Mary's pain and humiliation, nothing is meant to excite. Relatives, Alistair McGregor, show emotional pain when he learns of Mary's rape, and torments more torment when she divides him in secret so as not to reveal to her husband about her violation by Cunningham. <br /> <br /> Of course, this film features beautiful views of the Scottish Highlands, as well as the fashion of the period and the proper recording. There are no major battle scenes like in the Braveheart, but there is a continuing attractive activity and sword battles that are particularly gripping in the recent frenzy between Rob Roy and Cunningham. This is a captivating film featuring both a tense work and a beautiful love story.
