Ride With the Devil has something rich and special, if you can afford the slow development. While dealing with a dark and daring subject, the brutal guerilla warfare in the American West during the civil war (which in turn was born out of law in the Old West of the 1870s), the film retains an oddly ill atmosphere and playgrounds. What I refer to is the tendency of music and lighting in films to make you feel the mood you expect to feel. Instead, RWTD has a relatively optimistic soundtrack, allowing the words and actions to do the conversations to adjust the mood instead of manipulating the viewer's senses. <br /> <br /> As an enthusiast for this particular field of chemical weapons history, "M was very impressed with the accuracy of the film." The manuscript was written with experience, (even with occasional humor) with references to the bush pirates and the former border battles Example ... a little distance from the Oregon Trail!) The simple events that happen with Jake are similar to the actual events that occurred ... especially the attack when they are holed up in the house and the store / kiosk is destroyed. So well that it has its first battle in the CW Cavalry recently launched. <br /> <br /> Demonstrates the output The hypocrisy that everyone expects from Ang Lee in subtle ways: for example: Black John 's character mocks the Lawrence resident during the massacre: "Where is your army? Who are we to fight? Who are we who will fight them? (The shot then moves on to a trio of Confederate organizers standing, doing nothing to stop the carnage while the sound continues) You are all cowards! The small touches improve the quality of the film. <br /> <br /> There are no major glaring areas in history, which can not be said about the masterpiece of Glory, which was a fictional basis in the context of major events that Some minor problems include the fact that the years as shown in the events are no more, but you will never notice it, and the biggest curiosity is the fact that the only African American character in the film is the semi-slave fighting for Jake and his pirate hunters. Some blacks have fought for confederation there, including the person Lawrence discovered for Quantrill s Although the Black Rebellion is a wonderful figure (no matter which PC might be thought of by African Americans), no single black infantry man was seen in the film, which was Would be more representative of the black experience in the West CW.One of the first black groups in Chemical Weapons was established in Kansas (by the killer Senator Jim Lin, before the organization of the 45th session of Fame fame) and played black forces in battles like Baxter Springs, Kansas role. <br /> <br /> No stark historical errors. Good work, realistic, rare and not fun. Good steering. This film may not have been another famous film that was the last civil war, but it is the cleanest task.
