The war between states was probably the darkest hour in American history; the war that her brother incited against his brother and family against the family and left scars to this day has not healed, and in all likelihood will never do so. As in any story about any war, and unlike any historical significance, the personal conflict behind the larger conflict is what creates the emotional momentum that it involves. It is the human element that makes the context necessary to give it a perspective, which is presented by director Ang Lee in "Ride With the Devil," a civil war drama that focuses on personal effects in the larger picture of the war itself. , And along the way, he managed to include one of the most bloody chapters of the war, the infamous raid on Lawrence, Kansas, by Quentrill and his invaders, which he succeeded in presenting quite objectively from the point of view of the Confederacy. <br /> <br /> In 1863, the Union's influence prevails in Kansas and even across the border in the neighboring state of Missouri, Confederate loyalties find it increasingly difficult to stand up against the defeated northerners, especially without the help of what any Confederate forces can be considered " Normal ". When things really start heating up around their city, Jack Bull Chiles (Skeet Ulrich) and Jake Roedel (Tobey Maguire) form their own band and take part in the battle, damaging the union to a workable place. Jack Paul and Jake do not like war and do not like killing; but they stand against what they think is right. <br /> <br /> There are other people, even among their men, men like young young man Beth McKeason (Jonathan Reese Myers), who will use conflict as a tool for personal gain and nothing more than an excuse. To express its violent nature through unnecessary brutality, committed in many cases against innocent victims. Thus, for Jack Paul and Jake, in addition to many of them, the time will come when loyalty and moral judgments will be tested badly; They will have to ride with the devil himself, against insurmountable difficulties. <br /> <br /> As with all his films, director Lee Lee is close to his story through a careful examination, but it is hidden in the cultural tradition of the moral aspects and attitudes of the people and the times he depicts. By doing so, Lee provides his audience with at least some understanding of his subject that transcends the actual story and may ultimately provide a deeper understanding of the motivations and personalities of his characters. Whether the traditions and customs are the cause of the relationship between the father and his daughters ("Eat Eat Man Man Woman"), the effects of class discrimination ("feeling and passion"), the honor and code the warrior lives and dies ("crouching tiger, hidden dragon") or moral ambiguity Reinforced by the lack of all the above ("Ice Storm"), tells me his films with insight into the humanitarian situation that carries them to a higher level. This film is no exception. And (as with all his films), Lee presents his story with the help of a breathtaking cinematic film (in this film, by Frederick Elmes, who also performed "The Ice Storm" brilliantly), which is no less than his poetry. It is Lee's own touch, adding a sad and bitter feeling to any story he tells, which is one of the elements that make his films memorable. <br /> <br /> While Jake, Toby Maguire initially brings a sense of youth's innocence to the film, which effectively contrasts with the maturity he later transmits with the development of the story and his personality with him. More importantly, Maguire responds convincingly to the events unfolding around him, adding to the credibility of the whole film and emphasizing the reality of the presentation: his terrible acceptance of death and the news of those "killed" in various skirmishes and the ethical battles that those who face them face, Tough times; betrayal, which because of the nature of the conflict is almost common; loyalty and beliefs that he and his comrades firmly cling to. This is all Maguire achieves through his performance, not a simple achievement. However, this kind of thoughtful performance, which is often not appreciated, is taken for granted, which is unfortunate; such work deserves praise and must be recognized. <br /> <br /> Skeet Ulrich is also effective, with Jack Bull and Jewel (in her first film appearance) turning into an attractive performance with Sue Lee Shelley. However, it is Jeffrey Wright who stands out as a prominent supporter such as Daniel Holt, as well as Jonathan Reese Myers, who brings a threat similar to Christopher Walker to his role in Pitt. Also, in what amounts to a veil (one scene), Mark Ruffalo leaves an indelible impression with very little screen time. <br /> <br /> James Cavizell (Black John) and Simon Baker (George Clyde) Tom Gerry (Riley), Tom Wilkinson (Orton Brown), John Ellis (Quentrill), John Good (Otto Ruddell) and Kathleen And Ms. Warfield (Ms. Schles). Civil war will forever be an open wound to the nation; but hopefully, over time, it will be through the objective reflections of directors such as Ang Lee and films such as "Ride With the Devil" that will ultimately help to close the divide and promote healing. In light of the more recent events, it is something badly needed, all over the world. The film is a powerful way. It can be educational and entertaining, and perhaps in the future more filmmakers, such as Ang Lee, will promote and enhance a sense of loneliness through a sensitive portrayal of the events and attitudes that make us what we are. 10/08. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br />
