Taiwanese director Ang Lee, whose previous films include "Feeling and Emotion" and "Ice Storm", turned to the American Civil War in search of his latest film. According to Daniel Woodrell's novel, the exploits of a group of southern guerrillas, known as bush pirates, fighting their northern counterparts, and jihadist vendors in the backwater of Missouri. <br /> <br /> There may also be a lot of action, but the focus is on the tension caused by the war to the young people who fought - many of whom were fighting against their former neighbors and even the family. Jake Rodell (Toby Maguire) was such a man, or rather a boy, because it was only seventeen when the war reached Missouri. He is the son of a German immigrant, but instead of following his compatriots and becoming a union, he joins his lifelong friend Jack Paul Schles (Skit Ulrich) and walks with the bush pirates. Although not accepted because of his predecessors and unwillingness to participate in the killing of unarmed men of the Union, he remains loyal to the cause. So is his friend Daniel Holt (Jeffrey Wright), a Black Abboud who was released from another game launcher and is fighting for the South. <br /> <br /> Lee addresses the subject quietly, never rushing to the deep reflection required by the plot in favor of the movement, which gives the film a sense of the reality of war - long periods of boredom and waiting interspersed with flashes of terrible fighting. The work is remarkably unfamiliar and frank, with the realization that both sides have committed a great number of atrocities. <br /> <br /> The performances are wonderful, with Maguire and Wright both brave and dignified. Rising Irish actor Jonathan Reese Myers is particularly terrifying as a cold-blooded killer, while Skate Ulrich is fun and enthusiastic. I have never drifted away from the reality of war, but his representatives are doing a wonderful job of showing the good that comes from them - the growth of friendship, the show of courage, and the liberation of oppressed peoples on a larger scale. Ride With the Devil is a very beautiful and emotional movie that shocks regularly but always conveys the audience.
