<br /> <br /> In anticipation of the new Ang Lee movie "Crouch Tiger, The Hidden Dragon", I saw it in a panicked movie and I think I'll try it out. Civil War is not the typical film I watch. Fortunately, I had a good sense of this director. This film was written beautifully. The dialogue is in the old southern style, yet does not seem awkward in its place and outdated. Dramatic representation helped this aspect of the film. Tobey Maguire was fantastic. I thought it was good (but nothing special) in Pleasantville, but it shines here. I have always thought of Skeet Ulrich as a good actor (but there is nothing special), but it is also excellent here. The big shock to me was the jewel. It was surprisingly good. Jeffrey Wright, whom I have never heard of before, is also excellent in this film. It seems to me that great representation, great writing and direction go hand in hand. The film with bad writing makes the actors look bad and vice versa. This film was a perfect combination. The actors look fantastic and the personal development is amazing. This movie keeps you wishing for hope and good things for some and bad things for others. Allows you to identify characters, all of which are dynamic and interesting. The plot is complex, keeps you at the edge of your seat, guessing, and ready for anything at any time. Literally dozens of times I was sure that someone would kill on silent parts of the film were "very quiet" (the wonderful output). This was also a beautiful film. The scenery was not great (it's in Missouri and Kansas for good), but it was clear that there was a lot of attention that was chosen to choose wonderful natural settings. It has this harsh and rugged feeling, but it retains elegance, which is very pleasing to the eyes. The film was deep. He told a story and made you think. It had layers under the story of the civil civil war. Specifically, he focused on two people who were not quite sure what they were fighting for. There were a lot of deep problems that were addressed in this film, many of which can not be chosen. It was like a beautifully written short story, full of symbols and artistic additions that make you think during and after the story is finished. If you like acting, writing, lots of work, and some of the best output ever, watch this movie! take the chance.
