I've seen this movie twice on DVD now, and every time he fails to convince me of his unique neutral stance. It looks more like a picture of reality than most other Hollywood fare, especially on a subject that is still hotly debated. Although it adheres closely to the southern point of view, it does not fail to question it. In the end, the only sentence that has been confirmed is that the war has been lost, it does not matter, and cruelty is a common denominator. <br /> <What makes this movie great is to refuse to over-represent. Nowadays, really good films (in short) are few and far between, with the main fare being fun (if you do not have high expectations), but with a terrible business spirit. I think this film comes as a really good film (without a masterpiece), because it sticks to itself, and gives the viewer a chance to watch and analyze it, instead of wanting to bomb it with the influence and passion to blow up his film Intelligence. This film is wonderful, committed, and generally mild in its judgment, which is good. <br /> <br /> The story has its drawbacks, especially the character of the jewel undoubtedly goes out, but again the attitude at the time was very chaotic, because for the young widow, it might have been logical to get back to normal life somehow By taking every next man freely. However, they do not weaken, in fact I think she is one of the strongest characters, she always controls relationships, with only men. I consider her very grateful that she is not a weeping widow. I think that the death of a loved one in the 19th century was a much more natural thing than now. Can die easily because of minor illnesses and injuries, so the probability of someone dying, while surely causing grief, has not shocked people as it does now. People do not seem to build shrines about those lost as they do now, and I like this attitude. <br /> <br /> My recommendation is to watch the smart people of this movie, if they are in the mood for something different from the usual Hollywood fare. Do not see whether you really want a non-stop or heart-warming passion.
