Gojoe is one of the least widely known companies in the final period of the movement's early-stage events, a slow and often curious show, but generally gorgeous, sexy and beautiful. It saddens me to say that I know almost nothing about Buddhist philosophy or Japanese history and the myth surrounding this film until its deeper meaning is lost, but even without contextual knowledge, it is still rich, taking a traditional fantasy structure to the most influential plane. The story revolves around Pinky, a warrior monk and perhaps a demon seeking enlightenment through the destruction of the Demon Bridge Jojo: Prince Schnau, himself a deadly student after his high plane but this time the power of devils. Thus, the film becomes a matter of illusions, and in the case of Benkei, hesitation, a conflict in which the real goal is self-knowledge, so that Benkei can reach his true nature and face Shanao face to face with the nature of what he seeks to become. Benkei has stumbled here more than the fact that his dark nature makes him at odds with the world, even when he is not in open conflict, he never feels comfortable. Director Suzhou Ishi deals with this as an epic, with measured speed, the camera always works and often elegant, without neglecting the need for more moments of sediment to leave the site drown, there is also great use of lighting and fog to give the ethereal effect atmosphere, The film but outside supernatural moments in public, is a fantasy down and dirty with more than a period of fairy-tale flights. Makoto Watanabe's cinema is important here, vivid and detailed, a memory-rich affair. Rio Daisuke behaves with dignity and power with a mysterious brutality like Benkei, while Tadanobo Asano has a cold arrogance driven as Prince Chanu. Masatoshi Nagase's threading of things as a normal man, intelligent and cynical but still not fully aware of what the risks. The whole film fits well together, yet it is sometimes flabby and slowly starts, and some shots are slightly drawn, while epic fighting scenes sometimes last longer than absolutely necessary. As for the fight, it was filmed in a frenzied manner instead of actual moves. It has a technical effect, but it may disappoint ordinary traffic enthusiasts, who often hide objects, flashing blades and individuals who move fast, with deadly force turning through their opponents. , I was activated to watch but eventually I could do a little more traditional. There is some unfortunate CGI bloodshed, which works fairly in context but still distracts attention. In general, although I found this movie great, it is not a movie dedicated to ordinary fans or swordsmen looking for another Azumi, but a deeper and more mysterious beast, but its ending in particular will not go well with the more general wing fans of this The fare. But for me, it has hit the place already, and for those who are adventurous, they may do so too. Well recommended anyway.
