It does not seem that Ghoul has won a very good reputation since its release in 1988, and I think the reason is probably due to the fact that he got the subtitle "Demons 3" in order to help him sell better. Well, the film is directed by Lamberto Bava. The man behind the first two demons, the ghouls and the demons are fairly similar (in that they are "monsters" anyway) ... but otherwise, this film has nothing to do with other films. It's pretty good! Italian filmmakers are famous for copying popular films, and although they are not quite clear; it seems to me that this one has taken a great deal of influence from Hellraiser. The plot focuses on a horror writer who moves with her husband and son to a castle in Italy. She has memories of when she was a girl and found Gul living in her basement. It was not long before you moved to the castle before these visions came back ... It might be a coincidence because she thinks there is a killer Gola living in the basement. <br /> <br /> The film was clearly filmed on the budget and made for Italian television, so it would be unrealistic to expect something wonderful; but for what it is, this is definitely a very decent horror film. Lamberto Baf may not be as careful as his father Mario did; but it takes some time to build up a really terrible foreboding atmosphere that completes the film well. The central setting, great castle, makes the perfect place for a story like this in the place, and Lamberto makes it the best; even if it involves copying superior movies at times; like a hell-like pool scene. The plot itself is not as good as the atmosphere where many scenes are drawn for a very long time and the relationship between characters is rather strange (especially between husband and wife). There is not much bloodshed, but Bava does little to do special effects. Ghoul looks really silly, a good job we can not see too much. We are committed to compatibility, although very predictable, and generally ending, I must say that this film is much better than expected and recommended.
