To anyone who has not seen this movie yet, I have a friendly warning: do not watch "La Casa dell'Orco" and it expects any demons at all, because you will not find it here. This film is not the third part of the series "Devils" and has nothing to do with it, except for the fact that Lamberto Bava has taken them out. In fact, the "Church" of Michael Swafy is also known as "demons 3", which is also deceptive in this case too, so go to figure. It is clear that because of the success of "The Demons" films, they have tried to deceive the public with misleading titles, although this is clearly a separate story. Having said that, I think it is unfair on the other hand, to say that "La Casa del Orco" is not worth the appearance. Frankly, the film is very atmospheric, and although there are some hilarious attitudes unintentionally, I thought it was generally creepy. However, I think it is fair to say that the story somehow tries to emulate Lucio Fulci, "The House by the Cemetery." Of course, this is just speculation I have, but I think I have the correct evidence. For example, in both films, Paolo Marco is a family man, in both films, there is a nasty little son named Bobby, in both films, the woman at home is a beautiful thing thirty, it seems that only one can see that there is something really wrong. The new home, in both films, there is something really wrong happening in the basement. I'm sorry but I can tie the two films very easily and I do not say that as an offense. By contrast, my point is that those who enjoyed "The House by the Cemetery" may also enjoy this film, taking into account, of course, that "La Casa dell'Orco" is less laughable and less scary, not in the air , But the formula still exists. <br /> <br /> In the film "La Casa dell'Orco", Charles, her husband Tom and her little son, Bobby, go on a holiday trip to an abandoned old castle, located in the heart of an Italian villa called the Trifiri. With the beauty of the place left aside, shortly after their arrival, Charles began to feel that she had been there before, which was impossible, given that she had never gone to Trevry before. Unfortunately, Charles has not been able to overcome Deja Vu, and the worst of it is that her visions come with a horrible creature image chasing her. Tom, who is not a young patient at first, advises her to leave the illogical hallucinations aside and enjoy the holiday. However, women's visions became more and more realistic, and the peace and quiet they were supposed to enjoy suddenly turned into a living nightmare. The old nightmare of Charlotte's childhood becomes real and this time, she will not be able to escape without facing the ghoul's threat first. <br /> <br /> As expected, the plot seems somehow simplistic and simplistic as a result, it is difficult to fill an hour and a half. This means that "La Casa dell'Orco" offers more than two sequences with nothing but the complete silence and image of the main character, wandering around the castle for several minutes, reviving her childhood photos and anything else. It becomes somewhat boring from time to time, but in general, it is not a serious thing. Like many Italian horror films that appeared in the late 1980s, this film is very stylish and effective, but it also offers a fantastic variety of unintended funny moments that make the film somehow unforgettable. For example, the part where Charlotte brutally slapped her husband and instead of going to her bedroom crying as I expected, she would respond with a blow to his face vigorously and escape into the jungle like a maniac. But the crux of the matter is the fact that two minutes later, they are a happy couple again, as if it were the most natural thing in the world. I know it's silly, but I personally, found it very funny. Ghoul (who is obviously the villain in the story) seems to be crawling and funny at the same time and let's face it: a villain who can frighten us and make us laugh a little, he's welcome twice. Michael Jackson reminded me of "Thriller", but of course more natural and humane, of course. But if you focus on the good aspects I mentioned earlier: Simon Boswell's music is one of the most important points, and even if it is always the same, it fits perfectly and helps create a somewhat dark atmosphere during moments of tension. So, if I had to make my final statement about this film, I would say that I can not help loving it, including small flaws and most people who enjoy the traditional Italian horror movies of the late 1980s, I would be disappointed by this one. It contains all the usual and always acceptable cliches, like the crazy old man who talks about the truth, the scary local woman who is said to be a witch, a creeping castle, a huge dark cellar with a terrible secret and local people trying to stop the tourist with their runner, reputation. I would say that "La Casa dell'Orco" deserves two thumbs and a punch on your wife's face, as a way to honor the heroine of the story. Take this movie for what it is and enjoy it.
