"Anchors Aweigh" is the product of the MGM classical music production unit, and on the whole the film is all fun? Good music for St Giles and others, excellent dance for Kelly Jane (and even an acceptable post by Frank Sinatra), funny text and funny fast paced. The only major element I criticize is the portrayal of Kathryn Grayson, whose constant presence in the film means that the audience will be subjected to an unparalleled conflict of opera from the Little Miss. <br /> <br /> Kelly plays the role of the Navy named Soldier Joseph Brady, a man with a legendary reputation around the ship as a lover, but his fascination with Valentino is always shaken by the presence of his lesser-known friend with the unlikely American Clarence name in Central America. On receiving three days of beach leave to save Clarence's life, Joe reluctantly agrees to help Clarence find a girl based on a dubious assumption that he owes him something to save his life. They were recruited by a police officer (Rags Ragland), who needs to help convince a young boy, Dean Stockwell, who wants to join the Navy to return home to "Auntie Grayson." In the beginning, it is Clarence who is interested in grooming "Aunt Susan," but in the end Kelly's character emerges as a more likely candidate. <br /> <br /> There are many outstanding musical scenes, but none of them is close to Kelly's most famous work in films such as Singin in the Rain and American in Paris. A fictional sequence dances with Jerry, the mouse of "Tom and Jerry" (although he seems closer to the size of a dog or cat here than a mouse), it's an amazing sequence of time, but he does not have enough complexity or passion to withstand the test of time. Already in parts of the sequence that took place before the animation, where Kelly used semi-ballet movements to emphasize the transition to the fantasy world and where we see him dancing sadly Tunnel looks like something out of "Alice" in Wonderland. " <br /> <br /> In the end, the characters find their way to Suzanne's favorite bar, a somewhat sterile Mexican restaurant / bar in Tijuana. There the shepherds happily allow Mrs. Grayson to get angry with her and let her go, and the management is very excited about the opportunity Clarence and Joe have to sing with their "friend" José Iturbe (playing with a light spiritual touch). Of course they never met their "friend" Iturbe and spend much of the length of the film trying to reach him (in a fun scene that corresponds to the character of Sinatra Iturbe but misses the piano tuner and urges him to give up the piano tuning career), sneaking into the studio and Hollywood Bowl, where he trains Iturbi On a surreal symphony composed of dozens of young piano players ?? You have not seen anything like this outside the "1000 Dr. T fingers". Iturbi himself is a kind of God figure in the story? It represents the opportunity to escape from the unfulfilled momentum of work and the possibility of achieving fame and artistic achievement of the heroine. Everyone is 100% sure that once Mr. Iturbi hears as much as you hear Mrs. Grayson, her career in opera will be a reality. The three basic characters desperate to reach him and think of him as a kind of legendary figures far and far ?? Much of the movie's charm and humor comes from the contrast of this perception to the real "real" behaviors of the Maestro. He spoke about Iturbi's contributions to the film, as he presents a highly stimulating musical moment with his interpretation of the orchestra "Donkey Serenade". <br /> <br /> When everything is said and done, it's a movie that no one will enjoy. The musicals you want to miss. The majority of the music was written for this film, in a wonderful contrast to the recycled soundtrack of other Kelly obelisks such as "Rain" and "American." Kelly is still at an early climax, adventurous and bustling in both his dances and his interpretation of character. Sinatra's voice was no better and rarely had better songs to sing. Stockwell is a charming addition to the clan, and Grayson's character is gracious when not on stage. Iturbi adds a solid yet sophisticated tone that perfectly matches the atmosphere and style of the classic musical MGM. This is one of the best ones.
