Although this is, in my opinion, one of the lesser musical works of Frank Sinatra, Jane Kelly, Kathryn Grayson and director George Sydney, the smaller musical show for anyone in this group is not a failure. Concurrently, the ensemble makes Anchors Aweigh a film Well despite its flaws. <br /> <br /> Sinatra and Kelly are Clarence Dolittle and Joseph Brady, respectively, two Navy men. When the film begins, they only go to the Los Angeles area for a much-needed vacation. Brady plans to visit a friend named Lola. Dulittle is still a little wet behind the ears, adequately fit, and seeking advice on women from Brady alone (publicly, scriptwriter Isobel Lennart and Sidney have initiated the men's initiative brilliantly with each other women). Brady is helping to link Dulittle, but primarily because Dulittle will not leave him alone otherwise. The knot is placed in their plans when the local police force them to help a little boy obsessed with the Navy. He will not give the police any information about his identity or where he lives. Brady helps him and the Doolittle eventually take the boy home. When the boy's guardian Suzanne Abbott (Grayson) finally appears, Dolittle goes to her. Brady tries to convince him to forget it; Brady just wants to return to Lula. But they continued to return to Abbott's house, and eventually form a triangle of love. Things become more complicated when Brady lies about Doolittle, who knows the famous musician Jose Iturbe, who lives in a film studio, and claims that Doolittle has tested Abbott, a singer and actress, in front of Iturby. <br /> <br /> Because of the story, music is a strange mix of military music - because of the Navy hypothesis, and it is clear from Broadway pop - that stars tend to sing in more formal settings, Oprah - Which is similar to Libres - what Iturby did, and Mexican music - because Abbott frequented a Mexican restaurant in a Mexican section of Los Angeles that did not work as well. Many songs are good, certainly talented in every sense of the word as a singer or musician, but mobility between species tends to lose cohesion. Worse still, there are two displays of Iturby, who was apparently a big star at the time, which led to the plot effectively stopping and seems a bit more at this point in time. I've just watched another film in which wonderful music, the Robert Altman film in Kansas City (1996), happened, but it was wrong to stop the plot and turn it into a concert. Anchors Aweigh takes a similar tactic. Yes, this is a musician, but there is a difference between the songs that are paid and are an integral part of the shows of concerts and concerts that seem to be a contractual obligation. <br /> <br /> There are also some schema problems. The cause of Brady against Dulittle's quest for Abbott has not been well established. We can guess that Brady thinks that Doolittle should not get involved with someone who takes care of a child and that it seems "appropriate" and relatively traditional, but on the other hand, Brady can tell us that Doolittle does not have the same femininity of behavior that Brady admits himself. In addition, Lennart is working hard to prove that Brady only wants to get Dulittle out of his hair and continue to interview Lula - it seems that Brady's character must quickly hit Doolittle on any candidate. Whether appropriate or not. This may seem like a simple detail, but it actually depends on about a third to half the piece of land. The story seems to be a bit drawn. Length is a problem. The Aweigh decrees, which were recorded in about two hours and twenty minutes, were supposed to be reduced for at least half an hour. <br /> <br /> It seems that the above seems like I complain about the film a lot. I just wanted to emphasize what I see as a drawback, because the traditional wisdom of the Aweigh Anchors is much closer to the idea that it has no drawbacks. <br /> <br /> Sinatra, Kelly and Grayson are definitely an attractive figure, separately and together. They turn into good and interesting presentations. Sinatra acts and behaves much younger than his actual age 29? 30 during the shooting. He plays an unusually naive virgin character - quite different from most of the roles he will take later, and differs from his public image as a racer. For Kelly, this was his great film, and he's right. His choreography is varied and impressive, as well as acting. Grayson is charming, her performance well done, and she is simply wonderful. All this helps to overcome the disadvantages of script and speed sketched. <br /> <br /> Even a very important element may arise only because Sidney is allowed to accumulate on a wide variety of moods - Kelly was famous for dancing with Jerry The Mouse (of "Tom and Jerry" fame) in an extended fictional sequence . This is one of the oldest examples of combining live animation and animation, which is very good and fun as long as you are a fantasy fan. Fantasy series tend to be the best in the film. Excellence is in line with dancing with Jerry the Mouse, a long number of songs and dance featuring Kelly and Grayson. Brady Abbott is imagining a scene from a period while he has to resort to acrobatics to reach her physically. <br /> <br /> Despite its imbalances and disadvantages, as with the movie, it is very successful and entertaining to watch. Certainly, classical music lovers should not miss Anchors Aweigh, and Sinatra fans should not get a personal kick.
