This film (like Astaire's Royale WEDDING - which was shown on the Turner Classic Network last night) is famous for a single genealogy that earned a place in Gene Kelly's record: Fred Astaire dancing with a pregnant woman and then dancing around the walls and ceiling of the room. Jane Kelly dances in a caricature sequence with Jerry Mouse. The sequence is fine. What is forgotten is that Kelly tells the story behind the animation sequence to Dean Stockwell and his fellow students at school during a day break and paves the way for the sequence by making Stockwell and the others turn their eyes and imagine the pastoral type of background. Kelly even changes the blue blouse he is actually wearing in a white "long white" suit with blue lines on it. Jerry Mouse does more than dancing with Jane. Speaks in fact - the first that has not been repeated for decades. Finally, put Tom Cat in his right place - Tom appears briefly as a service to Jerry King, trying to cheer him up with a plate of cheese. <br /> <br /> But the sequence of the animation with Kelly took about seven minutes from the movie. More of this strange film is covered with Kelly's story about the four-day lost vacation in Hollywood, and how Kelly ends up interviewing Catherine Grayson and Frank Sinatra chasing Jose Iturby at MGM Film Studio, Hollywood Bowl, and Iturby's own home. But the sailors do not mean any harm this film can have. <br /> <br /> Kelly saved Sinatra's life in the Pacific Ocean and gets a medal as a result. Both are California crew members who are on vacation for four days. But a screenwriter (for what a girl can have a short film - Kelly has plans to spend four days having sex with one "Lola", an unwanted girl in Hollywood) Saddle Jane with Frank. <br /> <br /> It seems that Frank is one of those idiots who appear in the film after a film for filmmakers (especially musical comedy) who are in the stage of social growth and need "instructions" about meeting girls (or men if characters are Women). Frank insists that Jane helps him "teach" him how to get a girl. After that, a policeman takes them to the headquarters to help the police with a young boy (Stockwell) insisting on joining the Navy (the police will not give his real name and address). When Kelly the protester can get this information from Stockwell by asking some direct questions (which the police could not ask), they insist that Kelly take the boy to his aunt (Grayson). Still protesting, Kelly gets overloaded with increasingly complex problems (mostly due to Sinatra's simplistic spirit view of things). Mistakes in seeing Lula the next day of late sleep - Sinatra felt he seemed to sleep calmly and did not awaken him. He continues to drag him to Grayson's house, because Sinatra feels she is the right woman for himself, but needs Kelly to train him to make love. <br /> <br /> I assume that my view of the layout might bother ANCHORS AWEIGH fans, but I find this kind of story disturbing. While singing, dancing and concerts for Kelly, Sinatra, Grayson and Iturby are first class, it is disturbing to take the privacy of someone like Sinatra seriously. In real life, Kelly had defeated Hell from him at first to follow him at the beginning of his four-day leave - what is the right to insist (as Sinatra does) to be helped by someone who saves his life learning how history? This kind of foolishness always destroys the overall influences of music for me - unless the musical numbers are so superior that I forget this kind of nonsense. <br /> <br /> The Iturbi chase is also troublesome. Kelly tries to make Graceon love Sinatra when he says Sinatra can make her meet Jose Iturby to test her singing ability. For the bulk of the rest of the picture, Sinatra and Kelly try to do it, and at some point, they do not - for no good reason - Grayson herself destroys Kelly's attempt to interview MGM with Iturby. Only fortunately (Iturby feels sad about Grayson embarrassed) that gave him a test of her talent. <br /> <br /> By the way, Kelly ends up with Grayson. Sinatra's conscience for not being able to help her see Iturbe makes him shy from disturbing her (but not dragging Kelly to her, oddly enough) while accidentally stumbling across a waitress Pamela Breton from his hometown of Brooklyn. Of course, without any help from Kelly, Sinatra and Britton fall in love. Ah, "consistency"! Your name is not necessarily Script Writing!
