Joseph Brady and Clarence Dolittle are two sailors who have a four-day beach vacation in Hollywood. Joe knows everything about the girls and can not wait to see Lola, while Clarence is shy and needs some advice from his friend about how to interview the girls and then he encounters a young child, Donald Martin, who fled in order to join the Navy. They take him home and meet his aunt Suzanne, who wants to be a singer. Clarence wants Susie to be his girl, but his shyness stirs his way. But he does not feel ashamed of the waitress, coming from Brooklyn, as he does. Joe soon notices that he is in love with Susie. The boys are in trouble when they lie to Susie when they meet a great musical producer they did not know yet. They are on alert with their feelings. George Anzoni Anchors Koig (1945) is a great musical comedy. Jane Kelly is first class, again, singing and dancing routine. Frank Sinatra is wonderful because the shy man from Brooklyn. Not the first thing that comes to mind when Frank Sinatra thinks, but he plays his role well. Kathryn Grayson is as wonderful as Susan Abbott. Unfortunately, this talented actress and soprano opera singer was lost last month at the age of eighty-eight. The 9-year-old Dean Stockwell does an amazing job like a little fellow who wants to become a sailor. Jose Iturbe does a great job as he performs himself. It's the magic of what he does with piano. Edgar Kennedy plays head of the police department. Sarah Berner is the voice of Jerry Mouse. There are so many wonderful things in this film. And some wonderful singing and dancing numbers. Just look at Kelly and Sinatra playing "We hate to leave." It is very vital. "If you know Susie (just as I know Susie)" it's a very funny game. "It's a beautiful moment when Frank Brahms sings" Little Rock to Rockwell, it's nice to listen to Grayson singing the tango "Jealousy." It's the most remarkable sequence that takes the fictional world of animation and there sings the gene and dances with Jerry Mouse. The film was nominated for five Oscar awards, but Georgy Stoll got one for the original score.
