There was a remarkable cinematic phenomenon in the late 1980s and early 1990s - the number of Oscars that went to actors who played characters either physically or mentally disabled. The first was the Marley Matlin Award for "Little Sons of God" in 1986, and was the next ten years to see the Best Actress Award (Holly Hunter for "The Piano" in 1994) and at least five "Best Actor" awards (Dustin Hoffman In 1988 for "Rain Man", Daniel Day Lewis in 1989 for "My Left Foot", Al Pacino in 1992 for "Scent of a Woman", Tom Hanks in 1994 for "Forrest Gump" and Geoffrey Rush in Mattlin, who played the role of a deaf woman, is herself deaf, but all others have physical ability. <br /> <br /> This phenomenon raised some negative comments at the time, with suggestions that this is When Judy Foster failed to win the "Best Actress" award for "Neil" in 1994, some people saw this as evidence of the opposite reaction to this kind of portrayal, but my point is that most of these I thought the 1992 award should have gone to Clint Eastwood or Robert Downey instead of Pacheco, but apart from the only prize she disagreed with was Hanks, because I preferred Nigel Hawthorne's performance in The Madness of King George "He said. In this film, of course, Hawthorne played a character with mental illness. <br /> <br /> My "left foot" was based on the autobiography of the Irish writer and painter Christie Brown. Brown was born in 1931, one of thirteen children of a working-class family in Dublin. He was born with cerebral palsy and initially thought wrongly that he was mentally handicapped. He was unable for a long time to deliberate movement or speech, but eventually discovered that he was able to control the movements of part of his body, his left foot (and then the title). He learned to write and draw a piece of chalk between his toes, and continued to become a painter, novelist and poet published. <br /> <br /> Life in Dublin in the working class in the 1930s and 1940s can be difficult, and the city of Jim Sheridan (himself a Dubliner) shows us here in many ways, a dark, gray, unpleasant and completely different place from our usual idea of ​​"island Emerald ". (Sheridan and Davis Lewis later collaborated in another Irish-language film, "In the Name of the Father"). Against this, however, the joy and spirit of its people, especially the Brown family, must be set. Much of Christie's success was due to the support he received from his parents, who refused to allow him to be institutionalized and always believed in the hidden intelligence under the paralyzed outer surface, and from his brothers. We see how his brothers used to ride around in a custom-made wagon and how they helped their father build stones to build his own Christie room in their backyard. <br /> <br /> The film could easily slip into emotions and end up as a "triumph over adversity." That is not due to a number of factors, primarily a wonderful representation. During his career, Day-Lewis made a number of great performances, but this along with the recent "There Will Be Blood" is his best. Never was less than 100% convincing as a Christie. His convulsive tormented movements and tense talk convince us that we are actually seeing a disabled person, though intellectually, we are well aware that Day-Lewis is capable of cohesion. Other presentations are from Fiona Shaw as director of Dr. Ellen Cole, and from Hugh O'Connor as Christie's young and Brenda Fraecker as Emma Christie (who won the Best Supporting Actress award). <br /> <br /> The other reason the film gets away is that it does not try to evoke its main character. Christie Brown has lived a difficult life, but it may be difficult to live with him, and the film gives us the image of "warts and everything." He was a heavy drinker, given a foul language and prone to revolutions of anger. He can also be egotistical and manipulates those around him, and the film shows us all these aspects of his personality. Of course, he also shows us the positive aspects - his courage, his determination and his evil sense of humor. Day-Louis's behavior is not only physically compelling, it convinces us to believe in impeding his character, but also emotionally and intellectually compelling, as it highlights all these different aspects of Christie's character. He won the Academy Award in a very strong opposition like Robin Williams and Kenneth Branagh, but they were due. 10/08
