The story of Police Story (1985), directed by Jackie Chan, is one of the most influential policemen of modern times from Hong Kong. Jackie simply wanted to make a film that included the usual kung fu music as well as a violent artillery play and other "urban" works that would later become popular and typical among Hong Kong directors such as John Wu and Rengo Lam. POLICE STORY blends between two motion elements and their styles and the result is as strong as it seems. <br /> <br /> Jackie plays the role of Chan Ka-Kui, a police officer who has obtained important witness protection (Brigitte Lin) who will soon testify against the powerful gangster and his ring of criminal activity. His girlfriend plays in the cute and young Jackie Maggie Cheung, who is not as wild here as in her subsequent roles like Heroic Trio (and sequel) by Johnny Toe, the soul savior of Korye Yuen and David Lay and many others. The plot at POLICE STORY is very simple, but that's why this film was made in the first place. <br /> <br /> Of course, Jackie did all the stunts of his own character and also hurt himself with some scenes, some in the completed film as in the end, Jackie hitting his head (near the eye) through a very sharp glass. Also members of Jackie's stunt team have killed themselves while filming this film. The scene where the bus stops just before Jackie spits the hijackers through the windshield has become so bad that the bus stopped too early and did not make the mistake as it was supposed to. They were supposed to fly on the parked car in front of the bus but their journey was too short and they were injured in the asphalt and were wounded at the hospital level. During the final appropriations, there are pictures and pictures of these actors behind the scenes, and everything looks so bad and almost tasteless, but luckily no one was killed or badly wounded. <br /> <br /> More than abundant and imaginative as can be expected by director (Action) Chan. The legendary bus scene and shopping mall scene at the end of the time is probably one of the fiercest scenes any action film has ever made. Jackie always tells how important editing is (and it is true), and it actually appears in his scenes and timing and is perfect and makes movies look super-kinetic compared to Hollywood's efforts, for example. There are hardly any slow moments here, these moments are enjoyable and the film is not boring or difficult to watch. <br /> <br /> But there is again a negative point I can not stand in the comic films of HK type, which is this comedy itself. Comedy is not funny especially when the mistakes and elements of the abyss in the script does not exist by chance but because of the author's desire to add them, without necessarily understanding that they are signs of a bad scenario and stupid dialogue. I mean those scenes like trying to kill the stab at first when the killer screams and yells and makes faces and acts like a drunken clown from a nightmare, and he is there to "kill" that girl. This kind of representation is stupid and incompetent and I do not want to see it in a movie that is fantastic in this genre. The characters also speak of their ideas, which are also a sign of the bad text because those "loud ideas" exist only to clarify things even for the most stupid scenes and thus make things very simple and "light". Even if the film is a humorous and not a serious, this kind of stupidity should not exist and can not be forgiven very easily. <br /> <br /> The story of POLICE STORY is fast speed, full effect, and wall balls. The adventure miracle from Hong Kong And from the time Jackie was very sad because of the bad result he achieved with the United States produced the film The Protector because he did not have the same ideas about the film as James Glickenhaus and therefore the result did not do "Please viewers and Jackie returned to Hong Kong made a personal and creative film, he certainly did and the result has become as savage today as it was in the 80s, which is among the most crazy movies of all, and will be fairly perfect without the flaws I mentioned.
