Jackie Chan's Story Story is a historical film for Hong Kong films and Jackie Chan's career. <br /> <br /> Written by Chan, Police Story has a basic story like all the films of that era and genre, and like most of the Police Storries, the script is not something to take care of. But the plot of the film is Jackie Chan, who plays a cute police officer, struggling to condemn the local gang master. <br /> <br /> The direction of the film is not something special and in no way the best directing effort Jackie Chan has given us that the responsibility lies with the masterpiece of "miracles". However, Jackie's mission is adequate and respectful management. The film's main output comes with combat scenes. <br /> <br /> The performances in this movie are also different with Jackie giving a typical nice Chan character very powerful to confront her, but this has by no means the best acting role, which can be seen in Sammo Hung directed by Dragon Heart. Other actors in the film also perform well as well as Jackie with Bridgete Lin playing a role in a reasonably unwilling witness, but does not show full acting potential. The outstanding representation of Maggie Cheung as Jake's suffering friend and Bill Tong comes as sympathetic and funny police chief. None of the performances in this film have a low enough level to influence the quality of the film. <br /> <br /> Working in the film is what really distinguishes this film from other stunning contemporary choreography to suit the modern urban environment, and this event is one of the greatest scenes of combat placed on the camera. First of all, there is a shoot-out in the slums where Koo (ganglord) is holding a drug deal, while there is no sequence like John Woo, which is a great start to the film. This is followed by the famous car that runs on the hillside and in the heart of the slums that destroy everything on the horizon. This stunning sequence has since been shamelessly copied by Bad Boys 2. In the middle of the film, there is another memorable sequence where Jackie tries to move Bridget Lane from her home to his home. This is really the first scene where we recognize the wonderful fast manual fighting that has since become the norm for all modern martial arts movies. This sequence is fantastically designed, timed, and smoothly edited together to maximize the brutality of the scene. However, as tradition dictates, the sequence of fighting foreground at the end of the film. This sequence shows some of the best choreography, stunts and camera / editing works in Chans. The sequence is now known for two things: the amount of people being sent through high-density glass, which must be said to be an enormous number of people, and the trick at the end. Jackie leapt out of a 5-story balcony, catching a pole and sliding through the glass roof To him as he believed). While both of the above factors are both uniquely superb, I think the most impressive part of this fighting sequence is the ability of Chans to integrate anything in the combat sequences and the absolute authenticity of the dances design, and this for me has never improved. I also think that working in Police Story is one of the best works that has been filmed and edited for the Chans profession that helps distinguish action from others. <br /> <br /> In general, the story of Police, despite its story and unspecified text, is played in the middle by earth stuffing, one of the best motion films of all time, featuring the best chancouries for dance, the best photography movements and his most intriguing imagery. This makes viewing essential for everyone. After that, we watch Chan's film to work!
