This is my favorite film Jackie Chan and in an interview, Jackie said he's also his favorite. It contains some incredible stunts and jaw dropping combat sequences as well as some very funny scenes as well. The film was favored by Brandon Lee, who used parts in Rapid Fire, as well as in Tango and Cash, which used some opening scenes. <br /> <br /> Jackie plays the role of a police officer in Hong Kong. The story immediately moves to a spectacular chase through the shantytown and continues as Jackie slides down the hill and jumps into a moving bus to catch the evil Kuo (one of the greatest villains in any Jackie Chan movie). Very funny scenes while Jackie tries to balance his duty as a policeman with his girlfriend played by Maggie Chung. His job is to protect Ku's secretary, who has enough information to get him out, but even this poses many problems. Jackie is at his best here. The scene of the last battle at the mall is my favorite combat scene by anyone - period. It was the most intense battle I've ever seen in my life by Jackie and its peak is rising in a column amid the explosive lights. All in all, one of the greatest stunts he has ever done and left him with the skin is the luster of his hands. It was fortunate that he was not electrocuted because the person in charge of the trick used high voltage instead of low voltage. <br /> <br /> All in all, another classic Chan and one of his greatest movies. At the end of this film, you can say that he never recovered anything, and did not do any of his tricks. Many of his men were injured in this film to the extent that they could no longer secure them - Jackie had to take charge of himself. There are no tricks, wires or barriers - all this is a real action and reality can be seen. This kind of work is what made it the phenomenon that it is and it is a film that will astonish people 100 years from now. If you have not seen this movie and been a fan of Jackie Chan or working in general, give yourself a chance to watch this movie and watch it. It's really exciting.
