Shakespeare behind bars was an intriguing documentary despite its content. Convicted at Luther Lockett Correctional Complex in Lagrange, Kentucky, who were raped and killed etc? Surrounded by villains in a clearly depressing environment, find something they really enjoy and can become important and popular and celebrated in acting. There are parallel themes of the Shoshank Abstract with its institutional nature and the search for forgiveness and salvation for their former lives. As we follow a generous, non-judicial outlet, he gives up his time each year to guide some prisoners in a play chosen by William Shakespeare (this time, "The Storm", cleverly filmed with the prisoners who can relate to them with a strong focus on forgiveness and redemption they trust ), We are introduced to each actor in well-organized formal interviews with exercise footage. Each actor has his own story and tells of his regret and reasons for his existence in an emotional way with melancholy music in each of them in the traditional documentary sense. The strongest and most respected prisoner (apparently) is Sami. It seems that the manager immediately realizes who was the most interesting prisoner in Sami (and later, Hull) and allows a longer and deeper observation of the man and his personality. His presence is felt on the screen and his personal vision becomes a shock to the audience, but it gives him an attraction in his emotional personality and feels sympathy for him. Hull is the same at the beginning of the film. He has other things to do to spend the time being presented as a comfortable hobby as was the case in running a news broadcast program on the site. Again, through the personal interviews and self-revelations admitted by Hull (and he shot well on extracts from the body's Hull language, not close to his uncertain hand movement not only observed with him but also with others) in particular he felt the story of his heart Not sure and fearful of his true nationality in a society that he would not only accept as homosexuals later in the film, where he appears to be as eager and arrogant towards the other prisoners involved in the play as if he considered himself above them all, especially Ron who already had a frustrating mood. the acting. The relationship between all the participants in the play is shown to be a relationship of respect and respect for achieving something great for themselves. With nice movements (if not cliches) going through titles and so on? It seems that everything is going well in the first chapter, and then on the overall performance, things are going badly. The induction of a transferred actor and the replacement of his personality with a younger prisoner gives the narrative a nice sub-plot to a person who is great, but ultimately disappoints everyone and does not live up to their expectations. In particular, Big-G welcomes the new guest representative (Rick) with a clear will to feed him to their beloved practice and hope to become a good role model. It seems that the film captures each prisoner's passion for something the public can contact, especially when Rick is placed in the "hole" for a new tattoo (something that was hinted well earlier in the film when the jailer stops a random guest in the yard. He has a tattoo on his arm and learns that it is a crime punishable by law in the facility) and Big-G's disappointment is deeply understandable. Happy ending? Everything seems wonderful when they perform successfully (until they are invited to perform elsewhere) and the real loneliness is heard around them, but in the end, the film brings everyone back to earth that this is short-lived and that everything they had before or wanted was and will always be away from them . He goes back to prison to pay for their crimes and regardless of the redemption they seek to represent these plays, they will not be free men, and undermine their performance and recognition of pride by being the lowest low criminals a gentle stop in the sophisticated music that plays in a shot of a long corridor coincides with lights out and doors closed Is a powerful image of their suppression. The director seems to realize that he was watching popular people in the documentary by providing additional information at the end of the film to the future of all actors from the end of the film about their place and what is happening to them now.
