Movies such as these, and C.R.A.Z.Y, make me very sad for American films dealing with a lesbian theme. With the exception of Parting Glances and Brokeback Mountain, there are a few other notable American films of the same depth and sincerity as the movie, The Bubble. This film focuses on two men, Noam and Ashwar, from Israel and the Palestinians, respectively. Their relationship is complicated by the tension between Jews and Arabs in Israel. Couples, in the early stages of their relationships will struggle with who will contact the next or who will say "I love you" first. The early love of Noam and Ashwar is complicated by suicide bombings, armed security checkpoints and racism. While accepting Naoum and Ashwar's friends, an Arab, it is clear that most of Tel Aviv's citizens may not. <br /> <br /> One of the most moving moments, and there is a lot in this film, is when Na'im and Ashwar produce "Bint". As filmgoers, we see them watching this play, and the effect it has on two of them is deeply captured in their eyes. In the end, this touching moment is played in a very sad way at the end of the film. <br /> <br /> Ohad Knoller and Youseff 'Joe' Sweid are distinguished like Noam and Ashwar. The film director, Ethan Fox, is a great innovator in creating an exciting and exciting story for Shakespeare's classic novel Romeo and Juliet. Although most of the films today have sex, (almost as a sport), this film dates back to the old tried and true version of sex with love and passion. It is very refreshing. Also refreshing is seeing two gay men being portrayed as people and not cartoonists. There are cartoon characters in this film. It does not happen that the two abnormal individuals are for change. Somewhere on this site, I think I read a comparison between this film and "friends". Well, not really. Yes, these young characters stumble through her troubled first steps in adulthood and relationships. But I do not remember being "blown up" as a backdrop to the unclear lines of "friends". <br /> <br /> This is a very good movie. Her heart and sorrow. Like all good love stories, love does not win. But not in its proper glory of full bloom. Still, the film is very satisfying to watch.
