This film is a complete re-visualization of Romeo and Juliet in Tel Aviv and Nablus. Lovers from Tel Aviv and Nablus. There is a border between them, and a permanent state of war with the Israeli army is everywhere and Palestinian fighters everywhere with their bombs. The situation is dark enough. We can imagine the love in this enormous and courageous trap. But the film goes on for several light years by imagining that the lovers are homosexuals, Noam from Tel Aviv and Ashraf from Nablus. Being gay is acceptable in Tel Aviv. It is outside the border in Nablus. The conflict between the two peoples, thus doubling the two communities with the conflict between the two cultures, morality. But this can be viable if war does not bring an extra dimension. The sister of Ashraf will marry an activist in Nablus. Ashraf told his brother that he was an idiot. She can not accept them, but she will not talk about them later. From the same wedding, the newly married couple sent a commando to Tel Aviv to launch a bomb attack. He spoke at a cafe in Tel Aviv and one of Naoum's friends was seriously wounded. Bad enough. The Israeli army sends commandos to Nablus to arrest the person responsible for the attack, but it turns sour and the newly married wife shot in the street. Follow the wedding funeral. Husband and widow volunteer for suicide attack. He supervised a volunteer to replace him. The exiled lover returns to Tel Aviv to die and kills some people to avenge his sister. Arrives at dinner run by some of Naoum's friends. But Noam sees him and goes out to talk to him. Ashraf returned to the middle of the street and detonated his bomb when Naum arrived at the street. Revenge reunited the lovers in death. So we have the dual conflict, but we do not have the prince of Verona, a neutral figure who can impose peace, or worse, that the prince has chosen the two sides and be alongside Israel. The game is completely wrong and the death is sure on both sides. But after the impossible love is stronger because it multiplies through a play in the film, a play showing love in Auschwitz, between two prisoners, one wearing a yellow star and the other a pink triangle. This is amazingly powerful and amazing: homosexual love in Auschwitz. What comes out of the film is that love in Nablus or Nablus is impossible. So the film is a condemnation of the conflict in Palestine which can only continue even though it has no reason to exist although it has thousands of reasons to continue. We should not let Great Britain deal with the region for a long time. Today we must find a solution in which no one will be insulted. This will only be successful if everyone meets to find a lasting solution. But everyone is trying so far to avoid that confrontation and the general debate preferring bilateral manipulation. Therefore, suffering will continue and love will be prevented, of course not sex because children need to continue the war: so let us create more and more young soldiers. But love is just an extraterrestrial concept. <br /> <br /> Dr. Jacques Colardieu, University of Paris Dauphin and Paris 1 University Pantheon Sorbonne
