It is hard not to be admired by Israeli filmmaker Eitan Fox and his films, which describe life in the Middle East and the underlying problems that homosexuals can face in these areas. He also gave his voice to the younger generations, and the wonderful part of them, who really need peace and who do not want to notice the more war that has characterized the existence of people, both in Israel and in Palestine. These reasons, in my opinion, are sufficient to make Fox a prominent director, even if his feeling of melodrama is out of control. However, it seems that the fans of his films (which he realized in a team with Gal Uchovsky, producer, screenwriter and companion of life also) do not feel upset about this, because his new feature, THE BUBBLE (HA-BUAH), is the same as the previous success of YOSSI and JAGGER water. It was announced as a contemporary gay version of "Romeo and Juliet", which is currently developed Tel Aviv instead of Verona and with two men (one Israeli and the other Palestinian) in the place of two young Shakespeare fans, the film is actually quite different from it or, better, it Also something else. In fact, the title bubble is the world where the leading man, Noam, who plays with the usual Fox Ohad Knoller (Yossi in YOSSI & JAGGER, but I must confess I miss Jagger, the amazing Levi Levy) chose the participating tenants, man and girl, To live. Nearly thirty years, restless, intelligent and resolute (although the protagonist spent only a period as a national service at a checkpoint on the border with Palestine) to live a life that would not only be made of war. The two men are gay and with them the girls who created them with three loved ones and they love the brothers and support each other. Their lives are set to change when Naoum falls in love with Ashraf (TV star Yousef Joey Sweid), a young Palestinian who came to live in Tel Aviv. The laws in force so far have been ignored between the group, but not the will to help one friend. However, it will not be easy for Naum and his friends, because Ashraf is a secret in Israel. At the same time, his family, living in Palestine, does not know that he is an exception. A girl, a relative of Ashraf's beloved groom, is also a terrorist and will have a strong responsibility in developing the plot, with consequences not only for the two men. Because biases against homosexuality and peace (interesting, if not spontaneous) are stubborn, so the tragedy is inevitable. Even if the film focuses on the obstacles to the relationship between Naum and Ashraf, he does not overlook other characters, who turned into good writings (for example, Julian, a friend of Yale, a nun tenant colleague, who was shown to be a poor, As a more sweet, open, and performing person (besides the choice of the show, we should not ignore the laughs of Zohar Leba and the beautiful star of Daniela Fritzter, the gang girl; moreover, the LATE MARRIAGE's Lior Ashkenazi looks like it is in the inscription). , Even if the director can not dispense with the melodic conclusion D I watched this movie more than a month, and at the same time I think about it often, suggesting that Fox and his wife has a talent to strike home.
