Since the emergence of literature, people of all nationalities were intrigued and easily touched stories of unhappy love. Even more wonderful stories have always been love impossible, love that can not be. The last film by Israeli director Eitan Fox, "The Bubble" revolves around this subject, and so it is not. The title of the film refers to the "bubble" that Tel Aviv has developed against its political realities. Israel. The country's international and informal capital is not shared with Nablus, a city in the Palestinian West Bank, which is also featured in the film. There is little in common with the tense and obnoxious atmosphere at the Palestinian checkpoints. In fact, there does not seem to be much in common with anything surrounding it. Tel Aviv's "bubble" allows people to have a lifestyle no different from what you would expect in any western city. Teenagers looking for records Britney Spears, lifestyle magazine editor looking for a sexy cover In the next issue, modern people sit in trendy cafes discussing modern things on cups of cappuccino and other trendy drinks, while those at home watch the local version of Pop Idol . It is this bubble that also has the ability to calm down. One becomes a false feeling of reality. <br /> <br /> The film evolves around the lives of three young Israelis who share an apartment and often try to stay away from politics. Yelli, the camp owner and director of Orna & Ella, the hip cafe, rarely leaves the city and prefers not to think about the waste that surrounds them. "It seems that Naum, the pleasant and comfortable employee in a slightly avant-garde shop, is equally willing to engage in discussions In contrast, Lulu, the only female in the lottery, is linked to the Israeli left, even though her political activities are limited to "raving against the occupation." Naturally, Yili and Noam do not oppose participation in these. Carrying the slogan of delirium, putting up posters and distributing the pamphlets they announce In the neighborhood, their main concern appears to be that no Palestinian is actually involved and that the police may come and spoil all the fun for them again. The closest they get to a real confrontation is when they fight with some of the locals who are not friendly to Palestinians trying to stop them from distributing leaflets, Other, the expected products of the bubble. " <br /> <br /> The opening scenes of the film take us to a checkpoint on a road to Nablus where Noam is also doing his reserve duty. A group of Palestinians are checked carefully before entering Israel, including a pregnant woman who suddenly entered labor and gave birth to a dead child despite the tremendous efforts of Noam and the doctor who eventually arrived at an ambulance. The woman feels comforted by a young man who later appeared on the doorstep of Noam in Tel Aviv with his identity, which is clear that the latter fell during the ordeal on the border. His name is Ashraf, he is a Palestinian and he is an idiot. Did not just come to hand over identity card, it came to see Naoum. Without a permit to live in Israel and despite the initial reluctance of Noam's comrades, remains. Soon he got a Jewish name and a job at Yili's cafe. After growing up in Jerusalem with Hebrew, he did not have an Arabic accent that enabled him and his new friends to hide his identity. The sky is light blue and the air is sweet. But it can not continue. Because it became part of an equation that was never supposed to be. <br /> <br /> At one point, Noam saw and supervised a play called Bint about two prisoners in a Nazi concentration camp with a love relationship that could never become physical or visible to the surrounding guards. They found a way to meet together at another level, a metaphysical level, a level that no one else could reach. This is where our husband finally arrives. It could not have been different for them, not in Israel today. <br /> <br /> ?? Bubble "is a political statement about the bubble that explodes when confronted with the political realities of Israel today hostile to the background of a beautiful and confusing love story involving Israeli and Palestinian, and the impossible love story in a divided world where there are no things like compromises or colors other than black and white. It is also a beautiful film about people, gay and straight, who live in this strange city, Tel Aviv, which appears through the eyes of the people who really care about them.The film's premise may be flawed and the deadly series of events may seem somewhat explained, Emotional will not leave you without change T.
