The Israeli / Palestinian conflict continues, and although the world may be aware of the violence surrounding the division of the two countries, few have the slightest idea of ​​the other side of the divide - the group of people who want peace and are working to eliminate secession. In the bubble ("Ha-Buah"), Eitan Fox devised an alternative viewpoint that is strongly needed for the schism. He chose to tell a story that contained some beautiful humor, a lot of love, and a savage reality. It is a window on a situation that requires understanding. <br /> <br /> In Tel Aviv, there are three close friends in the room: Lulu (Daniela Verzzer), a beautiful young woman with strong opinions; Yale (Alon Friedman), a gay guy "outside" working in a popular cafe; One of Knoller), a handsome colleague, somewhat timid who, in addition to his daily job at the music shop, is a member of the National Guard, thus spending his free time working as a guard at the city checkpoints. During one of these end-of-guard holidays, a young Palestinian named Ashraf (Yusuf 'Joe Swede) meets and creates mutual attraction. The three friends decide to "give up" Ashraf the present illegally (called an Israeli) and while Ashraf and yes settle in a love relationship, Yali rents Ashraf in his cafe, and starts Yali and Lulu to find the interests of love, too. Everything is fine so Ashraf must return home to attend his sister's wedding. Although Ashraf in Tel Aviv was able to be an idiot with Noam, life is very different in Jerusalem: Ashraf is said to have to marry his sister-in-law. In an attempt to save Ashraf from his fate, Naoum and Lulu disguise themselves as French correspondents to reach Ashraf. At the moment of supposed isolation, Naum and Ashraf are discovered kissing by the groom to be, and this gives a reason to blackmail in order to remain the "Ashraf in the treasury". <br /> <br /> Young people in Tel Aviv dance at an event to raise interest in peaceful co-existence, and an attack in Jerusalem - with dire consequences not only immediately, but also in the task of revenge that Ashraf must now endure. The end is tragic at many levels and underscores the seriousness of the problem between these two countries. <br /> <br /> The acting is so natural that from both the comedian and the dramatic aspects the audience believes in it perfectly. The story finds the right balance between the hard and the affected and this balance is what makes Ethan Fox such a writer / director good. More people should watch this important and wonderful film. In Hebrew, Arabic and English with translation. Grady harp
