I am currently on vacation in Israel for the summer, and so I was able to see this wonderful film. Some warning before I start writing: I speak Hebrew fluently, and therefore the Hebrew parts were not a problem; however, about a quarter (slightly less) than the film in Arabic, I could not understand a bit of this translation. This did not detract from my understanding of the film, but it made me miss some jokes that gave rise to some strong laughs in the theater. <br /> <br /> After a year of American cinema, which many have described as one of the greatest years of cinema and homosexuality, it takes something really special to stand upside down and shoulders above the rest; however, "The Bubble" Others with a blend of excellent representation, intelligent dialogue and the relevant political climate. <br /> <br /> The film opens at a checkpoint on the Israeli-Palestinian border; in the first few moments, we are not sure what kind of film we took part in. However, this is an important element in the power of this film. Political situation, extreme tension in the air is constantly in the background. More important, Tel Aviv serves as its own character in this film. They are constantly referenced. Street names and restaurant names are constantly exchanged. The film focuses on the love between Naoum (one of Noliere) and the Palestinian emigrant Ashraf (Yusuf) Joe Sewid, with the communities of Tel Aviv and Palestine as a constant frustration. We always know that their relationship is prohibited, and this creates a sense of urgency rarely found in cinema. Love is incredibly strong and is the focus of the film. Secondary relationships and friendships are just as powerful: Yell's restaurant Yusef 'Jo' Sweid, the owner of the fine restaurant with the grubby Golani soldier, is a source of entertainment in particular. In the first love scene of the film, the camera retracts because the male character has oral sex with Lulu (Daniela Vertzer), and melts in a snatch to the nimble and honorable. This snapshot of anyone else leads the viewer to realize that all these relationships are expressions of the same form of love. <br /> <br /> Giving up more of the story will be a tragedy, but you have to know that there is a lot of political tension and tragedy that is affecting the current global political climate, so I will focus instead on intelligent dialogue. Even when watching this movie in my second language, I could not stop laughing all the time. Special entertainment lines include the question of whether gay suicide bombers have women or men in the sky, and a reference to the Bible as the world's first suicide bomber. This dialogue shows a sense of purity and reality that is rarely seen in cinema. The music used in the film is also particularly strong. Music is used only when the characters can or should be legitimately listened to, and in one scene the music is weakened when the headset removes one headset and stops when the other is removed. Elements like this really lift the film. <br /> <br /> I could not make a bigger recommendation for a film; this is a great movie action and is Catharthy and well placed very well.
