This first part of Magnus Crispin Glover asks you to think a bit and therefore can not be recommended for any viewer who does not want to sit down and puzzle on Glover Pictures or follow the surprisingly simple ?? But strangely obscure ?? Theme of his novel. For the most casual scenes, yes, it is likely to come as a bizarre mix of exotic, shocking and disturbing images for the images. <br /> <br /> You feel like Glover does not mind that this is the case, and he will happily listen to why someone dislikes the movie because of its enjoyment. Glover's passion for his work and his work, and how he explains to the audience that he is strongly connected not only through the film itself, but also through the extraordinary question-and-answer sessions he organizes after the show, clearly hopes that people will continue to think about what he has done. <br /> <br /> The easiest way to interpret and reject the film is to label the film as Dada or Noddy, an attack on the modern film industry of a actor who worked both inside and outside. But there is a reason why Glover presents the slides before he shows his film, not just selling books; his books coincide with the creation of a narrative of the images and texts collected by Glover together, and what is it? He does likewise with images derived from Western culture. <br /> <br /> What's this? Is a film that is grainy and convincing in ways one would hardly expect to see. Much has been done about the use of Glover for Down Syndrome actors, which is already one of the most exciting aspects of the film at first. In fact, it seems difficult, in fact, that many interpret it as a kind of long-term crusade to see a more realistic and / or dignified picture of the disabled in movies and television? Or, on the other end of the spectrum, as a form of direct exploitation of persons with disabilities. But it is not, and perhaps this is part of what makes this film uncomfortable for many: the basic agenda is not political or one of hatred; it is one of looking beyond the prevailing culture to a kind of ugliness from the outside. It's not a movie about Down syndrome, but it's a movie owned by actors with Down Syndrome who show it. <br /> <br /> I am a type that gets completely nauseated when it comes to the ugliness and strangeness that is so blatantly portrayed that it is beautiful; fortunately for me, this is exactly what exactly is it? Introduces itself to viewers. Glover uses the exotic images of snails, death and the handicapped in part because he wants his audience to feel uncomfortable, both from the extreme oddity of the pictures and the visceral response of the person to the hoot of the helix. In some respects, strangely convincing elements (and sometimes even a vivid one) are they? Remind me of the work of painter Francis Bacon ?? Is one of the notorious popes, yes, and strange distortions of the human personality that make viewers swing and want to look away. Like Bacon's paintings, Glover can be rich and modest, likable and polished, chaotic and good? Contradictions help make it even more troubling. But this film is still not entirely dangerous, and is largely able to avoid the greatest imperfections of excuses through the use of humor which, for the most part, derives from the use (and intersection) of familiar elements, images, and popular culture names. When what is it? Funny, it's very funny. <br /> <br /> In general, what is this? Is the first impressive film by Glover as a director and writer, and proves his presence as an actor in the film that it is hardly a distraction that one might expect. Watching it is like being an observer in this kind of dream that is neither good nor bad, but only strange? This makes you feel a bit vague when waking up. If this is the type of art you enjoy, what is it? It is likely that you exceed your expectations and deserve an effort to attract your attention to the theater, along with the big slide show and the same Glover. All in all, it's an experience you will never forget.
