What more can I say? The Americans hated it entirely because the US cut was so bad, although you could discover the good intentions that lay in it. <br /> <br /> Speaking of the American theatrical version (along with the newly released Blu-ray Disc), it is faster and harsher than HK, all the background music of dark HK music has been changed to hip-hop; There are a lot of horrific scenes cut off. However, dubbing was a significant task considering that they tried to capture the voice and tone of the original actor. But the problem is that Hak Hap (Black Mask) The film was designed and was designed to be dark, bleak, extremely troublesome and utterly exhausting. Unfortunately, the American version was the simplest cream they wanted, which in turn completely changed the movie clip (rated Hong Kong 18+) to be more humorous and amateurish. <br /> <br /> Let's talk now about the original release of Hong Kong. This movie is similar to a hidden gem, a prototype of the full tide. The fighting scenes are absolutely fantastic so that the camera work was an "old school" among Hong Kong films. Still, the style of the film was a unique blend of kungfu and pop culture. With all the fashion, leather and black embellishments, this movie features an incredible Batman-like hero in a black mask against a gang of multinational soldiers led by a star of evil rock stars. Yes it seems like a fantasy of a backward child, but it works. It's so impressive that your entire film will give you nightmares of foreigners playing a bloodbath battle in leather coats. In 2002, they made a supplement that earned PG-13 rating, but without Jet Li and Liu Qingyun. And you know how bad that was because Lee and Leo were the main characters in the film and they had strong personalities and an interesting friendship. Did I have to mention Francois Yip? She was kicking her round house completely cold, even colder than her wicked boss because she did not use a rough businessman in all the battles. Did you mention that she was also smoking? However, there are many things you like in the movie. <br /> <br /> However, the film also suffered from many problems. First, it is an average scenario made at its best potential, which means that the production team deserves a better screen writer. There is a lot of peak in the whole minute, but they often felt as if they were out of reach and did not make them feel the crowd completely (the American version was worse because all personal developments were cut). In any case, you can not order a lot of animated movies inspired by comics. Also, this film is completely inappropriate for children. I will not recommend it if you are under 20 years of age. It is full of worrisome contents including blood, rose, the Masu Masu fashion, extreme brutal violence and so on. Along with the film style, it can be called a wet dream for heavy rock fans, metal and motion lovers. (The US cut was milder, but if you want to see it, check out the HK version to see what it is.) 7/10. Status: inspirational, subtle, undervalued, adult.
