When a straight story was released in 1999, he was praised for being the first film by David Lynch to ignore his usual themes of stunning and surreal. Based on a true story of a man and his trip to visit his brother who is separated on the John Deere '66 mower, at first sight, it is a strange story to be published by Lynch. As the story progresses, you can see some of the Lynch brand signs. <br /> <br /> Lynch's focus is still on a small American town and its people are deployed as in its previous efforts such as Blue Velvet or Twin Peaks, but the most prominent difference is that strangeness is curbed. The limitations mean that the film is highly acclaimed for being one of the few live action films I can think of that is characterized by the G. rating. These films are incredibly important, a sign of the possibility of producing beautiful, big family movies. <br /> <br /> Straight was Lynch's first feature, as he had no hand in writing. For many of Linch's worshipers, this was a big negative point. Almost universally acclaimed, the only negative review by filmmaker James Brondge of filmcritic.com focused on this particular criticism, that Lynch's film was not typical. "Lynch is struggling into a mold G-Rated story is not his own." Brundge claims, with the protagonist Alvin Street "quote lines directly from Confucius." He argues that the story is weak and the dialogue is worse. But this is about the only criticism many will read. Although not Lynch in the sense of Eraserhead, Lost Highway, or Mulholland Drive - all the movies I love too, The Straight Story has a different aspect of Lynch, which is terrible at all. If you're a Lynch fan, it's very important to separate this aspect of Lynch with this feature. <br /> <br /> The narration is slow and thoughtful, giving you a real sense of the protagonist's thoughts as he travels to his destination. Alvin is constantly reminded of his past and his relationships with his wife, children and brother. But it is important that there are no memories, adding only to the influence that reminded me of my conversations with my grandparents. The conclusion is like seeing a boat being in a winding winding river and it is nice to see it. The landscapes of the United States are brilliantly illustrated with beautiful soundtracks by Angelo Badalamenti, making me eager to go to America. The presentations are also excellent with every imaginable actor in his roles and Richard Farnsworth is particularly excellent. He deserved his Oscar nomination pretty much and it was a shame he did not win. Regardless, however, it is probably the best swan song for any actor. <br /> <br /> So, while The Straight Story does not offer any of Lynch's complex novels or trademark dialogue, the film is a study of great characters about getting old and highly recommended!
