Who would have thought that a film about a man driving a few hundred miles on a lawn mower to see his brother could be a good cinema? Definitely not done. I thought I knew what to expect: one of the most boring experiences of my life. Well, I was wrong because I was not too much wrong so far, because this is one of the best and most realistic Hollywood movies I've ever seen ... <br /> <br /> Getting a short CV from Straight Story is not too difficult. It is an old man who stubbornly walks on the lawn mower and leaves for another state to visit his brother when he hears that the man has had a severe stroke. This is already remarkable for himself, but what makes him more remarkable is the fact that he has not seen his brother for 10 years because of some stupid argument. In the meantime, he has his share of bad luck and problems, but he also meets many people whose lives somehow affect his philosophical approach to life. Despite all the difficulties he faces for weeks, he does not know whether he will reach his goal: to see his brother again before it is too late ... <br /> <br /> I can easily understand why there are people who do not like this movie This is also why I will not say that these people do not have a heart or things like that ... This movie does not contain any flashy movement scenes, it's as slow as a grass mower that a man is running and you do not have to watch him The soundtrack is also wonderful, because there is nothing. But why should you watch it then? Well, the simple answer is the story. I have never seen such an influential film with this often powerful story and the fact that this actually comes from Hollywood and - to make things better - from a Disney studio (that's right, the same studios that are flooded with sweet sugar and crap) make it even more special. I do not feel ashamed to admit that I put tears in my eyes several times while watching him, perhaps because the whole situation of not seeing someone for many years because of some stupid argument is a reality for me. <br /> <br /> Some people will say that the story is very shallow, but I do not really agree with that. Maybe that's because they only see that the old man drives the mower and does not want to think any more. If you look close enough you will understand that this man is doing all this because he knows he was wrong before, and that his pride is only standing in the way of seeing his brother again and that he wants everyone to see it too, so they will not make the same mistake. If that is not deep enough, how deep is the story for you? <br /> <br /> I would also like to add that this movie already contains everything. Some of the beautiful landscapes (finally an American film that shows something other than the New York skyline or Chicago or any other big city), some very good representations of Richard Farnsworth and Cisse Spacek ... and a very understandable way in the novel despite the fact that this is David's film Lynch. I know now that I was completely wrong assuming that this film would not be my taste. It's one of the best movies I've seen in a long time. This film is aimed at my heart and hit the eye of the bull. I give it a complete 10/10.
