Whenever you hear a movie being promoted because it does not contain any sex, violence, bad language, special effects, etc., a detector explodes. Usually, such a movie is an emotional hogwash that takes care of people who do not want anything to surprise them, but to emphasize their superiority over us to the craving people. So when I started the story of David Lynch in the story of Strait in getting these kinds of reviews, I was worried, especially since I was not a fan of his other story "Renaissance," the lavish man. Despite all the amazing images and good representation in this film, it seemed more interested in preaching to us than our inspiration. <br /> <br /> I do not need to worry. The story of Straight is an honest film and not a movie screen. The biggest reason for this is the fact that Lynch and John Rush and Mary Sweeney tell him in a simple and simple way for the most part. There are two harmonics written by "straight" that I could have done without it, and the footage of the harvested grains is repeated frequently, but these are only shreds. There is no heavy message, no emotional chains that excite our feelings, no tolerance for us and our personalities. Instead, they rely on the story to build their own power, they do it, so in the final scene, we really move. <br /> <br /> Of course, the addition of Richard Farnsworth adds realism to the part. He is really a person who seems to have lived a lot but is still persevering. Apart from that humility, the desire to return with his brother does not seem overly emotional, because you can feel here as someone who has also lived long ago and is seen to be driven by anger for a long time. He knows that his time is running out, so he wants to make some peace, not only with his brother, but with his life. Sisi Spike also does a good job without a job like a straight daughter. Although I am a boy in the city and its suburbs, the landscape in Iowa has been beautifully photographed, which makes me want to visit at least one day.
