Only when it was easy to assume that a fashion play about kings can not go anywhere, we've got a fun, intelligent and intelligent drama based on powerful and attractive performances by Emily Blunt, Marvel in the lead role, Paul Pettani, Robert Friend, Miranda Richardson, And Mark Strong, as immediate forces help shape the evolution of one of England's strongest kings. "The Victoria Victoria" shows the noisy transition of the young woman to power. <br /> <br /> Emily plays the queen, with a good mix of strength and raw innocence, someone who realizes the complexity of the task at hand, but who has enough confidence to move forward. She is capable of portraying Victoria, as a smart teenager aware that she needs the support of some key players and must be able to stand up to those who may now have her best interests at hand. <br /> <br /> Victoria must repel a series of intrusions on her way to the crown, and even when she takes up her new job, she discovers that the path of self-sufficiency depends on making some very important decisions and of course the appropriate support. Fortunately for Victoria, there is Albert, the man who seems to love her and is a companion of her soul. There is an amazing chemistry among the performers, and there is no doubt as to what the outcome will be, but there is the personality of the Prime Minister Bettani, a man who provides Victoria with some wise support and love too. <br /> <br /> Miranda Richardson and Mark Strong starred in supporting roles as two parties that may be questionable and exercise a great deal of power in raising a young girl. Each of the supporting characters can use further development, but what we can see on the screen may be enough to keep our focus on the central character and brilliant performance of Blunt, the actress who has shown a great deal of fire and passion in previous performances. Here, she was given a privileged role in her career, a historical figure in real life, who violated the rules and managed to govern for a very long time. It shows the seeds of power and personality that the king may need in recent years. It also has a sweetness and innocence that has become the basis of its charitable work and its future intervention in social changes. <br /> <br /> "The Young Victoria" is not an epic picture of the ruling class in England. It is an intimate story of how human beings grow and what special circumstances surround them and shape them. In the end, the film is a wonderful introduction in a year that showed a lot of focus on war and destruction. Here, there is a message that good writing and good mediation can take us away, and of course there is an old-fashioned love story.
