Who knows? Duke Queen Victoria, the heavenly monarch who was a virtual haven for 40 years after the death of her husband, Prince Albert, lived a life full of drama and conspiracy in her younger days. "The Victoria Victoria" not only chronicles the romance of the young queen with her next husband, but also does a very good job in detailing the political intrigues surrounding her ascension to the throne. <br /> <br /> The Act I 'setup' draws you right away. After the death of the father of Victoria, Duke of Kent in 1820, less than a year after the birth of Victoria, the Duchess was eventually engaged with former army officer John Conroy, who served as an observer to the widow and queen of her child. To be. Conroy insisted that Victoria be raised under the ugly Kensington System, rules designed to prevent the Queen in the future from having any contact with other children as they grow. What's more, Victoria was forced to sleep in her mother's bedroom every day until she became a queen. <br /> <br /> The film shows that in 1830 the Parliament passed the Regency Act, which proved that Victoria's mother would become a will (and therefore the Guardian) if Victoria joined the throne and is still deficient. During this time, the Duchess and Conroy tried to scare the unhappy Princess and insisted on signing the papers that make Konoi her special secretary and treasurer. Victoria with strong will will not have any of them, and she refuses to conform to Conway's plans and her infamous mother. The Duchess hated King William because she was perceived as a businessman photographer who raised disrespect for the monarchy; the king felt that the Duchess respected his wife. As a result, the Duke tried to limit Victoria's contact with the king. In a scandalous scene that seems to have already happened in history, the king rebuked the Duchess at his birthday banquet, explaining that his goal was to stay until Victoria's 18th birthday so her mother would not become an ally. <br /> <br /> King William retained his word and died shortly after Victoria became eligible to join the throne. Victoria avenged her mother for her support of Conroy, who blamed her for her childhood. They were banished to an isolated apartment in Buckingham Palace and Victoria had not been in contact with her mother for several years. <br /> <br /> The Victoria Young takes the excitement, fun and circumstance surrounding Victoria's coronation as Queen. Much of the film deals with the relationship of Victoria Blord Melbourne, the prime minister of the Wijg party, which was unfortunately filmed in the film, which is smaller than him. At first, Melbourne acquires the confidence of the young queen and becomes a close friend. In the early years of her rule, Melbourne sees it as progressive, but later lost its respect, when he was discovered to be a typical politician, hiding his disdain for the masses he is supposed to champion. In fact, Melbourne was a father figure to Victoria, but the film points to some sexual tension between the Prime Minister and Prince Albert, as if they were romantic opponents. <br /> <br /> The plot thickens when Melbourne is forced. The Queen must appoint Sir Robert Bell, the conservative Conservative Party, as new prime minister. The film lists the events of "The Bedchamber Crisis" in which Peel resigned after Victoria refused to replace some of the Bedchamber ladies with the wives of conservative politicians. The film ignores another scandal involving Lady Hastings, one of the Duchess's contemporaries, accused of having a relationship with John Conroy and becoming pregnant. Because of her dislike of Conroy, Victoria contributed to the spread of bad rumors about Hastings' alleged pregnancy. As it turned out, Hastings appeared only as pregnant, and what she already had was an abdominal tumor. Victoria's lack of experience is evident during the Bedchamber Crisis, but the film's scenarios ignore some of the most distressing aspects of her character as evidenced by the Hastings case. <br /> <br /> The rest of The Young Victoria deals with - of course - romance between Queen and Prince Albert. Victoria kept Albert waiting, as the film illustrates, because she wanted to adapt to her duties as the new sovereign. They spent a lot of time interviewing each other until Albert returned to England and gave support to Victoria during the difficult times of the Bedchamber crisis. <br /> <br /> I find many similarities between Prince Albert and Prince Philip, the current Queen's husband. While Philip is primarily Danish, he joined the school in Germany and has young children of German descent. Albert and Philip did their work to repair the arts in court (there is a wonderful scene where Albert discovered that the servants were still setting up a schedule for King George III even though he had died years ago!). Albert's struggle was the same for Philip as the kings' husbands, and they had to find something to do. Albert and Philip were involved in many civic projects and proved that they did not have to live continuously under their wives, who were always popular. <br /> <br /> Fortunately, there is an excellent scene near the end of the movie. Where Albert Victoria angers what she considers "interference" in her affairs. Albert does not want the "bedroom crisis" second, so he raises his wife's head and arranges a compromise that includes Victorian bedroom ladies. Victoria barely talks to Albert when they almost shoot bullets (in the film Albert is shot in his arm but this never happened!). <br /> <br /> The performances in the film are uniformly excellent, especially school principals, Emily Blunt and Robert Friend. Young Victoria ends up somewhat abruptly and the final appropriations tend to go towards hagiography (there is no mention of Victorian depression after Albert's death). But Victoria is still an attractive drama and has a wonderful history.
