It is unfortunate that Queen Victoria is known for her historical personality in accordance with her relationships with men. Having succeeded in the throne became under the influence of its Prime Minister Lord Melbourne to the extent that she became known as "Mrs. Melbourne". After the death of her beloved husband Albert, she was referred to as Widows in Windsor. Years later, she earned a long friendship with her Scottish son John Brown as Mrs Brown. That is the price women pay. In a patriarchal society. The reality is somewhat different, and Young Victoria is moving things right, and the queen imagines that she is a smart, independent young woman who is aware of inequalities in her community and in her home. The courts have always been strongholds of jealousy, conspiracy, counter-planning, naked ambition and sometimes explicit killing. As an 18-year-old girl, Victoria ascended to her uncle's throne, triggering a positive outpouring of conspiracies and a power struggle between Prime Minister Lord Melbourne and his rival Sir Robert Bell. Lord Melbourne cuts his way in the style of the old old schoolboy with his sharp-edged scorn and well-honed advice. It was not surprising, therefore, that the young queen found herself in awe of him, perhaps in her little love, a pity that mercilessly exploited her, drawing a fine line between seduction and sedition while imposing his policies against Victoria's best rule. In the arena, Prince Albert, on a mission from King Leopold of Belgium, is keen on political rapprochement between Great Britain and the rest of Europe. Initially the fiancé was hesitant, and soon fell in love with the English queen and softened the influence of politicians and men. "The Victoria Victoria" is a beautifully filmed film, with a very impressive record. I notice that he was criticized in some circles because of this luxury as if a film about English kings in the nineteenth century should have somehow been shown by the Empress of India and her family living in the breach in a dirty workshop ........ I do not think so . I should mention Miss Emily Blunt, whose beauty reminded me of young Margaret. Obviously her role is pivotal, and she has no problem at all in mastering the film despite the powerful performances of Mr. Jim Broadbent, Miss Miranda Richardson and Miss Harriet Walter, all of them more inexperienced. The music is perfectly regal and forms a cohesive part of the entire film without being sensational in any way. The fact that the British have flourished even more under their great possessions, Elizabeth I and Victoria, more than ever before, feminists may want to make more money, but I suspect, like Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher, that a truly powerful woman makes her feel uncomfortable. The reason for having a Ph.D. in it.
