In general, I thought it was a very nice film - I hate using the word "nice" because it is fairly dry, but it was very nice to see it and the main performances by Robert Friend and Emily Blunt were very strong. What I liked most was that, despite the aesthetics of the costumes and the glittering settings, all of which were glamorous, this aspect did not control the heart of the film, which was good and a strong book (thank you Julian Viloz: D); there is nothing very strange or saturated, I feel very sensitive (when Victoria is taken out of bed to let her know she is now a queen, well, you can not get a glamorous hand below the crown). He was a nice pacing and every line in the film bore its value. <br /> <br /> There is no doubt that the portrayal of love between Victoria and Albert, although fairly fictional stories on his face, was actually a slowly burning candle and her boyfriend and Blunt did well to show how "reunited" these two people together Although the syndicate was initially arranged (it was my death when he came home after hunting and Victoria hugged her new husband from behind; it was said a lot without any words this is what the film is about). Blunt herself held beautifully, has a face that requires your attention and I can not mention the costumes she wears - each one simply wonderful. If you plan to have a problem in parting with any of them! The rest of the group played a good role, and Harriet Walter was Queen Adelaide. <br /> <br /> My only qualification is that he lacks a sense of urgency, or an event that could have made the film a bit more exciting? (It was rather stressful). I do not know, I wanted something to happen that would make Victoria derive its strength and prove its worth more. When she and Albert argued, I loved him, I could have done some pivotal dramatic moments, although that might be just for me. <br /> <br /> Finally, in danger of appearing all patriotic, I succeeded in a kind of pride and dread in the crown and what it takes to be in such a position, especially in one of the young. This may be partly due to the fact that this snapshot of Victoria's Little Life is instantly appropriate for what I wrote for my character in the movie "Sword and Imagination", but nevertheless these feelings were provoked by those who follow my book. Can you guess the personality Victoria brilliantly reflects? ?) Perhaps it was partly in the film that showed how absurd the government was at those times because they did not seem to give two people about the poor and the disadvantaged. Of the nation, which in turn renewed appreciation that Queen Victoria and Prince Albert were very active in this local area. I have made the government seem rather useless - nothing has changed much and I suppose. <br /> <br /> Blog about movies and books: http://sempergratis.blogspot.com
