What can be said more than this? I have not been fascinated by a young actress since Kate Blanchett exploded on the scene more than a decade ago. Although Blanche and Blunt have now played Queen's role (it seems to be the standard for up and coming actors), the roles represent the opposite of two full cats. , And Machiavellian intrigue, this is not the film for you. This does not mean that the script or direction was bad, but that the subject of the film did not live a very exciting life compared to prominent royal family members such as Elizabeth I, Anne Boylin, Henry VIII, Henry V, Henry II and Eleanor of Acquitane. These are the people whose lives were things like the good serials that were made of them and whose policies and decisions changed the course of the British, and in most cases, the history of the world. By contrast, Victoria ascended the throne without incident, likening a nation that was fast becoming a global force because of the industrialization and rise of the Navy. Her mandate had a stable government led by competent and dynamic politicians, and young people married harmonious family life. The facts of her life are not "Sturm und Drag" like the powerful drama she made. <br /> <br /> The heart of the film, apart from trying to stir up the upbringing and intrigue surrounding its throne, is the story of the only thing that was truly shocking and amazing in its time - a love story. Marriage is not necessarily for financial or political reasons it is the place to look for a passion that shakes the world, yet Victoria will always be remembered in history as a kind of marital fidelity, happiness and ideal family life. Thus, the main film is the love of the emerging Victoria and her Prince Albert. I was very impressed by the characterization of Robert Friend of Albert, whom he portrayed as a kind and somewhat patient person and perhaps a naive young man, looking to "do good in the world and help." In short, he is a good man with a good heart, not the most dynamic character who builds a drama around her, but because this is not the purpose of the story, it does not matter. The heart of the character shines thanks to the performance of Friend who has not yet seriously enjoyed. <br /> <br /> As for the Queen, well .. Emily Blunt is Semite. Her beauty can not be denied, but it is more than just a beautiful thing to look at; her face is like planting because of her expression. The lower arc of the eyebrow, eye look or a slight light smile delivers a lot. Again, this is not a deceptive performance of heavy speeches and emotional appeals, it is not the kind of movies. But what Ms. Blunt is doing in turn is to show the simple humanity of a high-resolution personality. <br /> <br /> For example, we see a salute game examined by Victoria's mother (Miranda Richardson) and her adviser / boyfriend Conroy in simple things like Victoria trying to draw her dog. We see her delight and charm when she first meets with Albert from her eyes being drawn constantly. We see her nervous and drowning when addressing the parliament as she rises. My favorite scene in the film - we see it tense, happy and hopeful - urges itself to do what most women do not ever do in their lives - ask the man you love to marry, a very ridiculous suggestion of those times (some may now say) that Victoria She burst into nervous laughter before she could even say "marry me." Again, this is not a film higher than the larger expressions of life, but more than studying the fine details of the personality and making small things say so much. <br /> <br /> So, in general, I judge the film what it is and what it tried to do and as such I give it 7. I felt that some policies could be better explained and that some beautiful actors had been wasted with little work and a little personality development , Miranda Richardson as Duchess Kent, and Conroy figures and Lord Bell. Again, it is not necessary for the film to spend a lot of time on those characters, but the exhibition a little more would have helped explain the political environment. I also liked to see more adaptability to married life between Victoria and Albert, but it might be just greedy for more scenes between Friends and Planet. <br /> <br /> In short, you do not see this movie in terms of historical drama, but rather the truth of it, a love story between two characters who happen to be historical personalities. This film was awarded a solid 7 award for outstanding performances, stunning costumes, stunning landscapes and the magnificent Victoria of Emily Blant. And anyone who has any romantic ambiance left in, will be caught up at the end of this movie. God save the Queen.
