The film interests in British ownership with The Young Victoria (1837-1901) continue to see the efforts of Keira Knightley, the duke, Kate Blanchett Elizabeth, Scarlett Johansson and Natalie Portman with Pauline's sisters with the other Pauline girl. More contemporary stories will include Queen Helen II's award-winning Queen Helen II at the end of Princess Diana's death. <br /> <br /> Each of the films mentioned presented amazing actresses with representatives of gravity (OK, so some might argue with Johansson) or had a flavor for their moment, and each film had a crucial moment in the heritage of their historical characters, making it irrational to display Those events, in fact Elizabeth had enough to extend two films. However, The Young Victoria, as the title suggests already, is a light version of the life of the young queen. If you are looking for the final event, or the basic political plot that plagued all the royal families and treated with shady, politicians who serve themselves, unfortunately , There is nothing of depth here. <br /> <br /> This does not mean that Young Victoria is not. Directed by Canadian Jean-Marc Valle (known as CRAZY) and written by Julian Filos, this film describes in very clear terms the life and times of Victoria (Emily Blunt, who soon became the new Eate girl) when she was a child and the problems she faced before the coronation like the passion of her mother, Duke Kent Miranda Richardson) and her adviser Sir John Conroy (Mark Strong) to appoint themselves Regent on her throne, as already planned by King William (Jim Broadbent). As if this were not enough, the play of political power entered the picture with Lord Melbourne (Paul Petani) as prime minister in an attempt to gain the confidence of the new queen, skillfully cultivating his trusted allies in positions within the palace. On the one hand, you understand the need to have a new queen and young woman who trust people in key positions, but on the other hand, do they really act in their own interests, or in the interests of others? <br /> <br /> Even this corner of intrigue sneaks into her romance with Prince Albert (Robert Friend), where their relationship forms the bulk of the second half of the film, and everything is already included in the trailers. For both of them, they grew up under the influence of others, and told every step of the way exactly what to do. Even their union may seem a strong sign of alliance, if not for both lovers who know their common need to establish their own foundations, and do so with the help of each other. Instead of being pawns, there is this constant search and search for opportunities to get out of choking, and sometimes tampering with rules and regulations. Trust also becomes a commodity of great value, and loyalty can also be traded for its desire to develop a clean board. <br /> <br /> However, all these themes become just a breeze through narrative, from childhood to romance, marriage and children. In fact, there are a lot of quick redirects here, especially the last few minutes full of headlines, which actually makes the audience want more, and of course the space for another film, I think he probably will not see the light of day, but maybe follow a television series in response to the film, In a mini-series or so. It is regrettable that all the efforts made here to ensure splendid fashion, collections and artistic direction will be limited to a film characterized by its light weight in terms of subject matter and summary reference of the issues, and that they do not really challenge the protagonists in order to allow some to overcome the specific opponent of the characters. <br /> <br /> Through the starry cast, one expects more, but one will be left wanting more. Recommended for those who have a curiosity about kings and queens in the British monarchy, only as a complement to other more attractive stories available in other films already mentioned.
