Princess Victoria (Emily Blunt) is in line with the throne of England. The current King William (Jim Broadbent) is not well and probably does not live long. However, his planned mother Vicky, Duchess Kent (Miranda Richardson) and her assistant, John (Mark Strong) want to force Victoria to sign the papers declaring that she "governs" until she gets older, as she does not exceed twenty years of age. The young woman refuses, though John slaps her around. It is another sign that Victoria has a strong will and a deep love for her country. However, when William died, shortly after her 21st birthday, Victoria realized that she had a heavy duty ahead of her. First, they must surround themselves with the "right" advisers to rule wisely. Lord Milburn (Paul Bettani) chose the handsome who was said to be the hijacker of Vicki, although he was an old man. This leads us to the decision of the second young queen. In the near future, the young queen must choose her future companion, because it will bring stability to her life and the life of the kingdom, because he must appear heir in the coming years. At the same time, in Germany, some distant relatives of the British royal family are also planning some plans. The handsome Prince Albert (Robert Siddig), of the Saxon dynasty of Coburg, urged his father to the young English royal court. Once arriving at the palace, it is fond and mutual feeling. But since he is a minor player on the map of the royal gaming industry, can he win the heart? It's a beautiful film, achieved better by performing a full winner of Emily Blunt in the role of Victoria. Yes, it is beautiful, but it is smart reading of the role that registers strongly. The friend, too, works well, just like other actors, including Broadbent, Richardson, Bitney and Gwey (which has a disgusting role!) And the rest. Also, the film is filmed, photographed and beautifully set, making it visible in every way. If there is a lack of anything, this is an additional dose of dazzling, as the film seems very simple and straightforward, sometimes with a somewhat unimaginable adjustment. However, this is only a simple point, simple argument in a very successful and wonderful film. In short, young and old, they must devote time to young people in Victoria. It is the most valuable film in 2009.
