Queen Victoria's 63-year reign may have been one of the most well-known and historically popular historical judgments in British history. On the one hand, her story lacks the plays of the former royal family thanks to a change in social climate and attitudes. On the other hand, her story lasts because it is human. In the early years of her life where the emerging romance between her and Prince Albert took center stage, director Jean-Marc Valle, who until recently was in the unknown shadows of the industry here took the story of Victoria and pick up this human element very vital to its heritage. It is a very modest story given its heavy background, but this in part gives it a distinct advantage here that separates it from the usual fare. <br /> <br /> A very direct and focused approach focused on a short period of five years or so between the rise and marriage of Albert, The Young Victoria does what some small pieces of this nature offer. Instead of trying to encapsulate the whole person's life, Vallée instead chooses to show one of the least known complications of early Victorian years that are easily overlooked for the most famous decorations. The result is an advantage that may irritate historians thanks to its relatively unclear greetings to the facts and the like, yet the document did not leave the way to extract a compelling story. The writer Julian Filos held his arms and presents a somewhat convincing romantic story. Vallée takes this and runs, making sure to make full use of these elements with sufficient restraint to maintain integrity with respect to both the history concerned and the viewing of the viewer. <br /> <br /> A large part of the joy of watching The Young However, Victoria lies in the values ​​of production given here that bring the life of Regal Britain in the early nineteenth century with strong realism rarely achieved remarkably through genre films. Everything from fashion designs, collections, hairdressing, lighting and photography, highlights the luxury background inherent in Victoria's story without being overly conscious. In fact, while watching the interpretation of Vallée shows here, it is very difficult not to be absorbed only by the aesthetics that permeate the visual element; then there is a film result that works to greatly enhance the very elegant but personal tones that dominate the Fellowes scenario. The combination of the works of Schubert and Strauss in the story of Victoria and Albert not only serves as a point of reference for the characters to play with, but also blends the work, elegance and abstinence echoing the work of the original composer Ilan Eshkiri as well. <br /> <br /> However, for all influential works, lush backgrounds and pure fashion that intersect with every scene, the single most important factor here? Indeed, for most of the previous dramas, actors are presentations and how they help them. Bring the world it exists in life. Fortunately, Young Victoria's youth has been blessed with a group of critics, both young and old, who are doing a wonderful job in doing so. Between the beauty of beautiful Victoria (Emily Blunt) and Albert (Robert Friend) and the somewhat hostile struggle of its advisers and the like (led by Marc Strong and Paul Petani), the conflicts and warmth prevailing to the Voyle scenario are perfectly transferred here by all concerned, The film of being "nice to look but dim" is a very common relationship with these games. <br /> <br /> In the end, it's hard to mistake a job like Young Victoria. He has an emotional and humane feeling of affection within an idealistic romanticism, as well as some historical importance that plays as an interesting source of interest for those who are keen on these details. Of course, the cinematic world may not take a storm, and it is of little importance to its general existence that prevents it from becoming more than a drama of a restricted romantic period; but in a sense it makes it enjoyable. It seems that Vallée never seeks for greatness, nor does he seem satisfied with making a piece of escape from the table for enthusiasts. Somewhere inside this gray central floor is The Young Victoria, which certainly caters to the needs of genre fans and those who are more disappointed with the usual products; beautiful, memorable, but most of all, human being. <br /> <br /> - Review of Jamie Robert Ward (http://www.invocus.net)
