Apart from having the longest reign in British history, 63, Queen Victoria also has two other distinctions. She was, apart from the current queen, the oldest British king ever, living up to 81 years. She was also the youngest British queen ever (unlike English or Scottish), and reached the throne as an 18-year-old girl. However, when television or cinema makes a program or a film about them, they seem more interested in Victorian seniors than in the little girl; Victoria's version, perhaps the most recent one, is Judy Dench in Ms. Brown. "The Young Victoria" tries to balance the balance by showing the events surrounding her accession and the early years of her rule. This product has a rare feature from a former royal production, Sarah Duchess of York, whose daughter Princess Beatrice is shown briefly. <br /> <br /> There are three main branches of the scheme. The first concerns the intrigues of the mother of Victoria, the Duchess of Kent, a figure so unpopular with her daughter, largely due to the influence of her counselor Sir John Conroy, who is widely reported to be her lover. (According to one of the unfounded rumors, he, not the Duke of Kent was late, was the natural father of Victoria). The second aspect concerns the growing romance between Victoria and her German cousin Prince Albert, and the attempts of King Leopold of Belgium, who was their uncle for both, to influence this romance. (Hope Leopold was to increase the stature of the house of Sachs Coburg, to which he and Albert belong). The third relates to one of the strangest episodes of British political history, the crisis of the bedroom in 1839, when supporters of the Conservative Party (which traditionally supported the powerful monarchy) staged riots because the young queen favored Wigg and their leader the Lord. Melbourne, although Whigs historically supported a semi-republican system of government, with the king turned into a personal head. <br /> <br /> Screenwriter Julian Filos is known for his conservative views, and has sometimes wondered if this may be his color dealing with political issues, and seems to be leaning toward conservatives, the ancestors of the modern Conservative Party. Their leader, Robert Bell, appears to be a statesman and a gentleman, while Melbourne, despite its dash and charm, appears crooked and uninterested in social reform. There may be some truth to these qualities, but colleagues are intrigued by the fact that conservatives opposed the reform law only a few years ago, which ended the corrupt electoral system of corrupt counties and that they benefited from William IV's unconstitutional dismissal of Whig's administration. <br /> <br /> Lessons in family and constitutional history are not always well transferred to the cinema screen, and this text contains its share of mistakes. Prince Albert was not hurt, for example, in Edward Oxford's attempt to live in Victoria, and Melbourne (in his 50s at the time of Victoria's accession) was not as young as Paul Bettany portrayed it. King William IV certainly did not like the Duchess of Kent (his wife's sister), but I doubt he would have gone further to worship her during an official banquet, as shown here. She has also failed to understand the importance of the scene in which the Duchess and Conroy are trying to force Victoria to sign the Regency Order; the constitutional position of the Duchess under the Regency Act of 1830, which states that she will become Regent if her daughter is still under 18 at the time of her accession, No piece of paper signed by Victoria can change the provisions of the law. <br /> <br /> There is also some indifference. In one early scene, we see Victoria and Albert playing chess while comparing themselves to the pawns that are passed around the chessboard, a metaphor that has been so penetrated that the whole scene would have to be filled with "the most amazing vulgar danger!" Warning. But despite such scenes, I came to enjoy the film. There were some good performances, especially from Miranda Richardson such as the planned Duke and Mark Strong Koonner. It's very visually attractive, being filmed in a grand style we got to link it to the British historical drama. Jim Broadbent gives an amusing twist as William's King, although he occasionally gives in to the temptation to move to the top. (Although it was not disastrous on top as it was in the Moulin Rouge). <br /> <br /> But the main reason for the success of the film is the performance of Emily Blunt and Robert Friend with the young lovers. Victoria and Albert. Blunt may be more attractive than Victoria in real life, but in her cheerful form the Queen is no longer the old lady in popular fiction, Widmore's black-clad widow, who was not always amusing, but she was strongly designed and loved by the young woman. Her love for Albert, and their happy family life together, were one of the main reasons for the success of the property to reestablish itself in the emotions of the British people. (Except for George III, Hanover's ancestors in Victoria lacked the marital virtues). Blunt and Friend "The Young Victoria" makes a touching love story and sweeping human drama as well as exploring an important period in British history. 10/08
