The myth of Andrei Konchalovsky's high-rise poem will not start for 4 hours and a half to Siberia at one time, because she must shy away from space, because it takes time in twisted twists about childhood memories that are not remembered in half a course in the forest background village, however, continues The film captures the steam in an emotional resonance as if the sounds and images that make up have become saturated with the tremendous interrelationship with its theme with that kind of calm, undemanding dignity that characterizes the spirit of Soviet action. Konchalovsky celebrates the Soviet assembly but in an almost porous manner to animals such as Soy Cuba and Invincible turns the mood into a state of reflection and reflection. News of the revolution reaches the isolated village of Siberia through the grape vine. The fruits of their work reach only when the world war invites young people to enlist. Through all this, the followers of Konshawski on the individual, with caution and kindness to study the longing and bitter regret of the woman who waited after 6 years of war for an unprecedented fiancee, waited long enough to get out and become malignant in a ship with velvet sofas left after years to return to her village to take care of The uncle of Sheikh al-Khatib, who was killed by an ax, the non-serious foolishness of her fiancé, who returned from the war with a hero of twenty years later, came back not for the girl he left behind but for drilling the motherland, despair and resignation of the middle-aged regional leader who returns to his village Small in Siberia for the sole purpose e And detonated from the map to build a power plant. The film takes place from decade to decade of the last century with amazing footage of news from the history of the Soviet Union from the Revolution to the war famine and the tremendous technological achievements of the Empire (all the wonderful works here, all the acts of motor violence, oblique angles and a narrow throbbing of crowds and faces) ) But the actual film focuses on the individual, on the victories and small and big follies. By the second half, a bitter philosophical feeling creeps into bitterness. Of the broken spirits that did not reach to meet suffocation with regret and longing. "It does not matter", the world seems to say, and which Konshalsky answers "must be important" because heroes continue to try redemption. <br /> <br /> But behind this epic of man against the landscape there seems to be something hovering, mysterious, almost irreplaceable, like the old eternal hermit who appears in every slide to guide or discard supporters, sometimes just a spectator, sometimes wise Ambiguous; a little late and above all the obvious and illogical challenges and warnings of other human figures, something invisible seems to be in its power. The ghosts of the Fathers who appeared in the dreams of Dark Brown, frequent shots of a shining star in the casket, the strange bear, and even the old eternal man himself; calling Konshawski to awe and reverence before the mystical land of another system. In dealing with a small community of backwoods struggling against the progress of nature, the time and the ways you learn to deal with it, are often strange and tragic at the same time, and in a way that the director is never allowed to transcend his humanity, to me from Shohei Imamura to the deepest wishes of the gods. When Alexey mixes, in the dream scene, with the door panels on which Stalin's advertising poster is attached to his dead father disappears in the fog, the film hints at the betrayal of the Soviet dream, or better yet, in all the things lost by the revolution, Pronounced in the fiery reduction of the film. Surprising, elegant and brilliant natural edge-to-edge images help to seal the deal. In the end, the oil derivative breaks out in the fire and the film explodes in a massive burst of pure cinema.
