This movie seems to have been designed as a unique film Astaire-Ginger Rogers - chart outline, dance numbers, zippy music and full version exist ... except Ginger! Whether it was originally meant to re-associate with the team is uncertain, but it certainly looks like one of these films. Instead of Frid's usual side-by-side conversations (like Eric Blur or Edward Everett Horton), Burns and Allen are used - perhaps because, although they are known as a comedian, he is rich and a good dancer. I was really shocked, but the team was a welcome addition, and some Fred and Ginger figures were either Fred or Gracie or two with George. Only once, in the end, does Ms. Fontaine dance with Fred but she is very short and with a distant camera shot. <br /> <br /> Speaking of Burns and Allen, I think I owe the team to the team we talk about in the film. I have never loved their show or their movies. In general, I find that idiot Gracie is acting very annoying and has been given some bad ratings for film short films and long films. However, in this film, I must admit that they were wonderful - not only dancing efficiently but I actually thought they were funny and filled the hole left by Edward Everett Horton very nicely. They were at the top of their game and the book did a great job in this section. <br /> <br /> As for the rest of the film, it's very fun and fun. But the problem for me was that Joan Fontaine was not a good choice for the film - not only because she was acting out of range (after all, she was not a singer or a dancer), but because she had a lint screen. Because of this, the usual balance and dialogue was a big girl boy that did not exist. There was also a very impressive performance by Harry Watson as a demonic little boy who did everything he could to play Cupid - all because he wanted to win proof! Finally, I liked the sequence of Fun House and Tunnel of Love - very difficult to describe, but it's great to see! In general, I liked the movie a bit - it was a lot of magic and excellent writing. Unfortunately, it was also marked by a gentle performance by Ms. Fontaine that went beyond a point - and so my score for this film became 7.
