The Americans quickly leaped over dark and damaged England preparing to invade Europe, but in 1937 the image of Americans hip in the sunny English countryside was a bit absurd as an attractive and idealized transformation. The American star and jerky dancing Jerry Halliday (Astaire), in a European tour tired of crowds screaming from the angry propaganda of his manager (Burns), was inadvertently discovered in the possibility of marrying the unfortunate successor of Lady Alice Marshmorton (Fontaine). The story is complicated by the betting pool between the Marshmorton servers, run by (and supplied by) Keggs (Gardiner), who bet on Alice's Reggie (Noble), the favorite of Alice's deeply rooted aunt Collier. The story was much better than a half-hour television episode. The usual Wodehouse devices that draw the wrong identity and jump into wrong conclusions are worn in a full-length movie. Both Alice and Jerry seem impossible (and annoying) in the second half of the film. The park is a comma & the peak in the castle is very long and starts in the clouds. Fontaine is very beautiful, very respectful and very quiet so that the blonde is not noisy, regardless of how aristocratic he is, while the young shooting man Albert (Watson) is very bad. But while "Damsel" is a very meager way to get a lot of talent, talent does not let us down. Skill Astaire Romance Comedy is no less fun here than any of his films with Ginger Rogers and his dance scenes, both solo and with Burns and Allen, equally, although his individual dance with Juvent Junior Joan is necessarily tame. Almost, Gracie steals the entire show as George's energetic secretary, who is immediately transferred, with complicity and self-confidence. Her scene with the actor has a solid character Gardiner while the twisted Keggs are one of a kind classic. The spectacle of this priceless "Astaire" with the singers "Damsel" gives a delightful color of naïve Americans but the nobleman mixes with the noble but boring Englishmen. Gershwin tops his game with "Nice Work if You Can Get It" and "Stiff Upper Lip", which carries the film through its weaknesses. Is there another film in which Madrigals gets the alternative treatment of Gershwin? "Damsel" is more than a piece of trivia for those who might want to see Astaire without Rogers or Fontaine before they are a real star. It's a great diversion like the entertainment of any of the voodoo comedy movies that ruled the 1930s but will never be repeated.
