In a famous article about Charles Dickens, George Orwell points out that many readers always regret that Dickens did not continue to write as he did in PICKWICK PAPERS: he did not commit to writing funny novels for the rest of his career. This will not be too difficult for Dickens. This was specifically done by Robert Surtiz, with a focus only on the adventures of the Fox Fishing Group (FANCY ROMFORD'S HOUNDS). Among hunters and horse lovers, Surtees still has followers but most people find his novels unreadable. Dickens was determined to show that he was more than just a funny man (and do not forget that his first book, "Sketches from the BOZ was a funny book"). Dickens' third book is Oliver Twist (who has become very bleak at points). Orwell says that in order for any author to grow, he has to change the style of his books. Dickens certainly (and successfully) agreed to that. <br /> <br /> But Orwell has overlooked the genre that beats his colleagues. Surtees, as I said, is a genre writer who focuses on fishing - but not everyone is interested in fishing. But P.G.Wodehouse saw himself as an artist, making fun of the upper reaches of the British social system. Earl Emsworth prides himself on raising the finest pigs in England for being ... Well Earl Emsworth! Psmith is always ready to counterattack when he is supposed to be subject to an unfair president. Stanley Uckridge will always have a "perfect" scheme that will make a big profit (but always manages to disintegrate in the end). The best thing about it is that Jeeves will put his brilliant brain in action to save the ineffective Bertie Wooster, his boss. Since Wodehouse had a limited vision of his mission as a writer - he was there to make caricatures for pleasure in the world - his books never lost their glow. They have served (and are still serving) their purposes. In fact, Wodehouse compared with his most serious contemporary Evelyn Wu, who also wrote funny books, but of a more intellectual type. Waugh is still the best of the 20th century British literature: BRIDESHEAD REVISITED, DECLINE AND FALL, and the rest. But in his determination to clarify his points, if his points fail to interest the reader, the book collapsed a lot. There have been some failures in his career, such as ORDEAL OF GILBERT PINFOLD. While Wodehouse could have done less hacking, too, his fall did not go as far as Waugh did. <br /> <br /> Wodehouse was also a talented lyricist (when you heard "Bill" in the result of SHOWBOAT, Kern and Hammerstein, but the melody of Kern and Wodehouse was moved from "O Lady, Lady Twelve Years Ago"). So it's good to see that he took his novel "DAMSEL IN DISTRESS" and turned it into a script here. <br /> <br /> He has the usual Wodehouse touches.This doorman Keggs (Reginald Gardner performs wonderfully) is a villain in rigging The "friendly" gamble of chance among the staff of his lavish home - he is also unable to refrain from singing Italian opera - despite Constance Collier's attempts to control his pulse. Summer Wodehouse Model This is how the relationship between Lady Alyce and Jerry continues well and goes down due to the oddity of Keggs and the young Albert, both of whom want to win in this chance chance game.Wodehouse always works on this type of plot switch, Switching their point of view depending on their current state of interest. <br /> <br /> Wodehouse was also lucky to have Burns and Allan to work with them. It is generally considered that all the films they produced support actors together (eg SIX OF A KIND and We're DRESSING). George and Gracie provided their best support with Fred Astaire. The Fun House sequence, which includes the song "Stiff Upper Lip", is fantastic, as is the previous sequence where the three dance "Blow broom" (learned by Burns Astaire). But Wodehouse uses the absurd logic of Ghraisi in the scenes with Gardiner (see how she manages to confuse him in giving her more money than he needs to change - Albert just happens to notice the mistake of Keggs / Gardiner, and Gardner is seen as either stupid or crazy). Her conversation with the son of Lady Caroline (Collier) Reggie (Ray Noble, the leader of the British band) who made him imagine he would marry her, but saying goodbye to Gracey driving her with George for marriage is also wonderful. br /> <br /> The film is supposed to have failed at the box office due to the lack of ginger Rogers in it, and the weakness of Joan Fontaine. Fontaine does a great job in this role, but the disadvantage is that Wodehouse - he did not make the character very interesting. But the film can stand without it, given other artists and their personalities, Gershwin music, and the wonderful feeling of the Woodhouse.
