Before "Zavit", there was a similarity between the vision of Tim Burton and the artistic Costa Rica. They found their poetic style, and then became cowardly prisoners of it. Burton has (and still is) Deep, and Costa Rica has Mickey Mangolović, and somehow they have received critical praise to repeat the same formula over and over again. However, there are people like me who find funny humor only when they hear it for the first time. This is the main reason why the worst films of Kusturica are "Black Cat, Black Cat" and "Life is a Miracle." "Zafit" is a completely different thing. You may want it, you may hate it, but this is not just another Kosturica hairline? Things like a Balkan dream. Of course, if you want to praise you have to play safely. It was very easy for Kosturica to produce another film of Flying Gypsies and got an award. Fortunately, as a courageous person, he chose to make a film that would be a cynical look at his previous works. "Zavet" can be described as a very strong and cruel parody in the previous Kusturica films directed by Kusturica himself. It's nice to see a great film director who does not take himself seriously. This is the quality that Kusturica has and even the biggest ones, such as Bergman or Kubrick, did not own. This film makes no sense so it becomes ridiculous, very silly and becomes very strange. The same things that make cult "Plan 9 of Outer Space" would make this masterpiece for people who know how to watch it. The average Western viewer will not get some references. Most notably, the tire shop owner is Srbljanovic, this refers to Biljana Srbljanovic, a famous Serbian dramatist. Politically, she is very active as a left-leaning liberal and despises the political and chaotic views of Kosturica. "Everything but not hidden" was taken by Kosturica in her work is the castration of Micky Manuelovich at the Srbljanovic shop. The second reference to Goran Brigovich? The former composer Kosturica. He formed the "Funeral and Wedding Orchestra" and began making performances throughout Europe. Although praise it as our great salt, only Bregovic is performing and most of his songs (if not all) are weak covers for traditional Serbian songs. The approach of Kosturica to Brzezinski was to confront one wedding and funeral, with a funeral funeral of the wedding. Also, it covers Western classical music such as "London Bridge Falls" or French lullabies. You find this strange? Now you see how we feel in Serbia when you listen to terrible Briguji covers. I really liked this film because it does not pretend to be deep, it is so full of symbols that it becomes a parody, and is beautifully directed, as are all its works. If you love the former Kusturica movies, there is a great chance that you will hate it. If you do not like a couple of his latest movies, you might find this a pleasant surprise, because this is like Fellini's "Pink Flamingos". On purpose. I have great respect for this man after "Zafit". Tim Burton is certainly a key character with a pale face. The following Kusturica films can be easily made by foreigners who invade Earth. That's why he is the most interesting director on earth, whether you like it or not.
