Kappi: Our mother (2008) is the beauty of Shaeri and Sami of Japan. The real Weber! I've heard great reviews of the movie and hired it from Netflix. Am I glad I did! In many ways, this film reminded me of the old style of classical Japanese filmmaking of the 1940s and 1950s that I loved so much. As we saw in Yasujiro Ozu, the title credits start in the same way, with Japanese characters in red against neutral color. I thought immediately: this director likes Ozu. The same method was also used: mostly internal sets with a few external scenes. So a few "pad clips", as Roger Ebert calls it. The power of the film was built on the love of the characters to each other. <br /> <br /> The story follows the life of a Japanese family before, during, and after World War II. The mother takes care of her growing daughters as best as possible after the arrest of the father (a university professor) on charges of sympathy for the war. He was never released and had only a few brief meetings with his wife in prison before dying of hunger and disease. Meanwhile a former student comes to the professor often to help take care of the mother and two daughters. He begins to fall in love with the mother and is an alternative father to the two girls. But the war has started and they have to say a surprise goodbye. Will they ever express their love for each other? Will he return from war? <br /> <br /> There is a lot of heart and gentle spirit in the performance of leading actress, Saori Yoshinaga. It's almost Madonna type, it's so beautiful! The eyes are large and the skin is flawless. The actor who plays the role of the student is also enormous: his name is Tadanobo Asano. What a sensitive performance. There is no man in it. It's cute and cute. I would definitely love to see these two in other movies. I think I will check to see what is available to them. The two young actors are also wonderful. <br /> <br /> The movie has just been released on NTSC DVD for American audiences, with an extremely easy English translation. I gave him 10 out of 10 on IMDb. I cried as much as I did with the classic Japanese film Twenty-Four Eyes (1954). Do not miss this movie!
