An introduction to the world of cinema in Yuji Yamada is through the famous and modern Samurai Trio with the Samurai Twilight Movie, The Hidden Blade and Love and Honor. I enjoyed all three films, looked at the film's prolific filmography, and I think it will take a long time to watch all his films, especially the Tora-san series. Needless to say, when our mothers finally reached our shores, the opportunity to see what may be a poem for mothers everywhere was celebrated to celebrate their innate love for their children. <br /> <br /> Based on the biography of Teruyo Nogami, Kabei - Our mother tells about a coherent family of four? Kiyo's mother "Kaby" (Soryi Yoshinaga), Shigeru's father "Tobi" (Mitsugoro Bando), the eldest daughter Hatsu (Mirai Shida), and the younger children Tiro (Miko Sato). From the beginning, their lives will change forever, when Shigeru is arrested under the Peace Keeping Act because of his ethically controversial writings against the nation, developed in the late 1930s where Japan began a "crusade" in China, and then their participation in World War II. <br /> <br /> This is how the Kabe conflict begins to keep jobs to feed her family, and the difficult and frequent meetings with her husband behind bars. The help comes from relatives, especially from Shigeru, where Abu Kabi has adopted a "I told you so" attitude with her husband's choice. Yama, student Yama Shigeru, who should have recognized Tadanobo Asano here, laughs as a humble man slowly becoming a friend and substitute friend of the children, and the sister of the wife of Kabi Hisako (Ry Dan) of Hiroshima, which I think sounded some late warning bells about her unfortunate fate as the film progressed Through its schedule. <br /> <br /> While the film focuses mainly on how children grow in the presence of their mother, and in a distant relationship with their father, what I enjoyed is how microscopic family events unfold under the microscopic global events that influenced the common people in Japan. It is against a historical background that pushed Japan to regional hegemony. There are people here who do not hide these ambitions, even discussing what the country will eventually do if it succeeds in clinging to the lands that have been opened. This is something I rarely see in Japanese films, which is frank in their discussion of that era, and also to learn how the ordinary man's struggle against local issues has made it more difficult for resources to be directed towards the war effort. <br /> <br /> The actress represented here is perfect in her performance and performance, be it veterans or child actors. Actress Saiyori Yoshinaga deserves special tribute for her role as a mother figure who has to dig deep and find that the internal strength of carrying the family under difficult circumstances, while Mirai Shida and Miko Sato beloved as children understand they must learn how to make it. Do and compromise. Each scene with three of them together only makes it painful when things get tough, or joy fills with joy if they celebrate. Before long you will soon find yourself attracted to the desire to be part of this family, thanks to the strong presentations of the main actors, where Yoji Yamada persuades some real natural displays of children. <br /> <br /> Kabei - Our mother is proud of some amazingly beautiful artistic trends, offering a happy and sad moment without exceeding the top, or relying on cheap melodrama to lessen the feelings of the audience. There are a lot of small things that have been implemented here correctly and that make them perfect, while not wasting each scene, and with every slight difference in the transmission of his message, be it sympathy or love. <br /> <br /> Regardless of the sudden end (I hope to last much longer, despite the run-time of more than two hours), Kabei Our Mother comes highly recommended, and you will find it difficult to curb your tears, or that you thought In your mother and sacrifices that are offered to you for you every day. What are those sacrifices only if you need another reminder, then the scene reminds you in the final credits list of things you might have taken for granted.
