"I hate those stories that start with a funeral, but I'm afraid that this story will start the day we buried George, not that we buried him, for the environment, we burned him." This is how Elizabeth (Judy Dench), George's widow, talks. She has lived a comfortable and predictable life with George. She has two grown children and a 12-year-old grandson. But when she was 15 years old and at school, in the midst of World War II, she played the role of sax at night in a band of almost all girls called The Blonde Bombshells. The "almost" reason was that the drummer was Patrick, a charming rogue who had no desire to fight and probably was killed. With a yellow wig and a long red dress and a makeup, Patrick looked good like others. <br /> <br /> After a funeral, Elizabeth found herself in her attic playing the sax that she had put away and was exercising, but only when George was out of the house at the golf course. Her granddaughter, amazed at the quality of Elizabeth, began talking about how to reunite the blonde bombs and play in her school dance. He was attracted to her as he was more than 50 years ago (he was also attracted to all the other members of the bombs.) The roses on the bass drum had a special meaning to prove his passion.) You do not see whether the other band members can be identified, Give it a shot to perform reunion at her granddaughter's school? <br /> <br /> Why not? One member of the band is Gaga: One is dead, one is in prison ... One has found salvation with the Salvation Army. Another one is known to be in the US One is a professional singer and has no intention of doing a gig school, until reunited. But one after the other Elizabeth B We do not know if they can find enough of them, and often the exercises turn into chaos outside the key, and as they do so, we share Elisabeth's memories of what life was like When she and Patrick were two young men in London in time of war, playing in the band while the bombs were falling in. It was as terrible as it was, and that was the most exciting time of their lives.Then Elizabeth's granddaughter's night, of course, The young are blowing. Elizabeth then informs us that the bombs continue to play in the vehicles, and that she and Patrick have no plans for marriage ... but they see nothing wrong with a little deception. <br /> <br /> This is an emotional hogwash, it has been done with experience, not bad at all. What makes her work is the skill and charm of Judy Dench and Ian Holm. When I hear the term, "warm hearted comedy," it usually bothered me unless the actors were first class. Dench and Holm wonder why they watch them take something lightweight and predictable like this script and turn it into something that excites our fascination. Then there is an "old-fashioned widescreen" maneuver that will be fun if you remember old games. Among the blonde bombs are Leslie Caron, Joan Simms, Olympia Dukakis, Billy Whitlaw and Cleo Line. Lynn sings three numbers and almost overshadows production. She is strong and unique and talented for jazz, while the program is almost sung by Cleo Line. Another attractive feature is the number of wonderful World War II songs that are in full swing.
