One of the most wonderful American directors was undoubtedly Elijah Kazan. His ingenuity was not particularly suited to thrill thriller, because Kazan needed more space to breathe and to be slower and more precise. However, "street panic" is a social thriller of the first degree, if anything more relevant to the day than it was in 1950 when it was released. The issues of illegal immigrants, human trafficking, impending pandemics, and rapid worldwide movement of disease (Richard Widmark says concern: "I could be in any American city in 10 hours and in Africa tomorrow"), ethnic isolation and the Jewish neighborhood. Today's concerns are more than ever. This film features a stunning first-time film by Jack Palance, and a brilliant performance by Bill Gedis, two hits of genius casting. Richard Widmark is not allowed to be a one-time psychopath, a hero who cares deeply for people and loves him warmly. Is leading a single campaign to stop the plague in New Orleans and is struggling to convince slow politicians and police to be complacent about a problem. There is a race against time to find the young scammers who contracted the plague of an illegal immigrant dead within 48 hours, before the whole city, and because they always remind us, the entire country, at risk of the worst thing since the 1919 flu. , From climbing on a ship with a mouse barrier on the rope, which is ridiculous to the extreme, and reminds us in shocking terms that humans can be the worst carriers of the dead. . The very dramatic chase scenes in what they call the "coffee plant" at Quay rivals the most iconic peak scenes of Hitchcock, and with an amazing environment. Many non-pros appear in the film, which contains the bold realism of something called reality. Kazan really takes cameras to places where people have rarely gone, and thought about them until mice twice. This film was a great achievement of social realism. If electricity is lacking from the most charged novels, it is because Kazan took it so seriously that he could not hype, because after all, the risk of plague is serious enough to scare anyone without the need for additional rifles and mollusks. The only unfortunate thing about the film is the title, which gives a false suggestion about the surface. But Kazan was something superficial. It has been clearly seen that this project is a public duty, to alert us to real possibilities. If these possibilities have only shrunk today, but unfortunately, it gets worse every day. One day, after the worldwide plague, this film may be screened on a few survivors as an example of how fascism is contained in the film, but its lessons have been forgotten.
