A small pleasure in life is walking down the aisle of old movies in a rental shop, choosing things just because I have not seen it. It is a pleasure to take this film sometimes to the house and find a small treasure like this on my screen. <br /> <br /> A long time before Elia Kazan turned himself into a trademark that mimics only good films (not good films), he said it was better than ordinary drama. When you see it, you start to notice how many decent, good, or beautiful scenes you've accumulated. In contrast with his later films where drama is a big thing ... preferably big, non-profit, scandals. Kazan was ultimately more of a promoter than a director. (No thanks) <br /> <br /> His future transgressions are only hinted at in the plot. Plague is coming! But here is an unconventional picture played by Richard Widmark in 1951 with a family man and avoiding most of the excesses of that trophy; you have a parabra Bill Gedis that can be seen almost, with her own bathroom falling (well, for her); they are a couple and share some well written scenes About big crises and small crises. Here's a comical interrogation expertly guided by a crew of warships; here is a beautiful moment when the chase begins in an angular warehouse and a flock of birds fires over the place. These are the little successes the film can make in which the viewer can learn about life; something Hollywood, in its greed, is now carefully avoiding. These are the moments that make me go to the cinema and enjoy it. It is an elegant film with a human scale, not very terrible production, and he and others will circulate it later, and their heritage is still felt in various crap like Pirates of the Caribbean and Moulin Rouge. <br /> I have seen it twice and I would be cursed if I could tell you what Jack Palance is looking for in the final scenes, but it does not seem to matter to me as a viewer. This reminds me of No Way Out a Poitier noir with Widmark like Punk, and Naked City, which you should actually get.
