The Plague replaces the fatale femme in this highly suspicious noir in New Orleans by director Elia Kazan. Kazan always gets great performances from his representatives, but he also shows a visual tendency to thrill with a mix of narrow compositions and amazing scenes to chase a shot. <br /> <br /> A man entering the country illegally after a blackjack is killed. It turns out that he has a type of bubonic plague, so it is still very important to arrest the killers, but to find a vaccination for all of their contact. City officials and health officials apply a confidentiality plan instead of alerting the community for fear of the perpetrators fleeing the city and spreading the disease. The investigator and epidemiologist around the clock form an uncomfortable alliance while combing the waterfront using different investigative methods. <br /> <br /> The streets raise huge ethical questions about the public's right to know as the medical officer discusses for media blackout and may therefore create a greater danger to society. Regardless of the outcome, you may still find yourself ranked second in the actions of the movie hero. <br /> <br /> Richard Widmark as Dr. Klein Reid and Paul Douglas as Warren are showing some anger and respect for each other in their search for killers. Barbera Bill Geddes as a Reed wife spent good moments with Widmark in some local scenes that give a touch of comfort (more comfortable than comedies) than desperate search tensions in the harsh suburbs of the New Orleans waterfront, which was most impressively filmed by photographer Joe Macdonalds. Zero Mostel Cajani's small time is grotesque and hateful but sometimes sympathetic. Walter Jack Palance as Blackie Skeleton (Black Death?) Is simply wonderful. With the intensity of the installation, the balance is dominated by every scene, not only with a lot of threat but also annoying charm. In addition, it presents massive sports that allow for more suspicious continuity, especially in the final moments of strong finalism of the film. <br /> <br /> Panic in the streets is probably the best non-Brando Kazan movie. It fills the tension, moves well and releases it. It is a surrounding environment in the preparation of local settings that gives a sense of the increasing reality that allows Kazan flexibility to present his visual style beyond the stage of the film, and with panic succeeds with courage.
