"Panic in the Streets (1950)" is due to the British Noir for its American counterparts. Like "The Third Man" Reid (1949) and "Night and the City of Dasin" (1950), director Elia Kazan chose to depict much of the site, capturing the vibrant decadence in the slums of New Orleans. In a fictional decision by the Italian masters of realism, he also appointed many non-professional actors to perform simple roles, giving an aura of originality to the city. However, any other comparisons with the new realism will be misleading, because "street panic" is pure melodrama, one of the best species. An illegal killer, caught from the Gulf, has been found infected with a pulmonary plague. It is a deadly, airborne, human-to-human bubonic plague, with a mortality rate approaching 100%. Clinton Reid (Richard Widmark), an officer in the US Department of Public Health, convinces the dubious police chief (Paul Douglas) to conduct a city-wide chase for the men responsible for the murder, fearing they may also have the disease. <br /> <br /> In my youth, "Wolfgang Petersen (1995)" was among the most horrifying films I have ever seen. This film, which owes a lot of "panic in the streets" (the title of the work: "Breakout"), terrified me with great efficiency because it depicts the Ebola virus as an invisible and invincible killer. How can one defend oneself against this thing? Kazan is the first (I know) about biological epidemiology, although it has difficulty identifying the enemy's visual perception that can not be detected primarily for the human eye; instead, Jack Palance is used as a humanization of the plague. Despite his advent of dirty dregs in human society, you never feel that Clinton Reid is putting his own life at risk (some viewers have noticed that Reid never vaccinated himself against the plague, although I think it's safe to assume he did it. The same time with the morgue staff.) Yet there is still a strong sense of urgency in the search for the killers of the injured man, the underground street mice that pollute the sewer with their bad deeds. <br /> <br /> In the Middle Ages, Now widely believed (to be bubonic plague) swept the civilized world, killing a third Europe was, identified many of the devastation that the work of the devil. The character of Jack Palance, Blackie, serves effectively as Satan in a human form: angular thugs may be enchanting and attractive at times, but always burst into fits of violence; two of the players (played by Guy Tomagan and Cheryl Mostel) Through terrorism more than anything else, constantly on his feet. When a person is infected with a fever, Blackie concludes that the cousin of the immigrant man must be "brought something" (paradoxically in his conclusion that he does not pass unnoticed) and thus tries to verify what this supposed value is. He embraces the dead child of Boldy in his arms, a wonderful display of disturbing and pathetic emotion. Finally stop Satan / Satan ?? Not by the authorities, but from the burden of infection / evil? While trying to board a cargo ship, the main ship that spread plague throughout Europe.
