As the movie opens, two thugs kill another infidels. When the body is discovered and is about to be dissected, the doctor realizes that although the man was shot dead, he was also suffering from pulmonary plague - a very bad and more virulent form of bubonic plague! Therefore, it is a race against time to find those who were in touch with the dead man and treat them immediately, otherwise a disaster could erupt. <br /> <br /> Strangely, I know quite a bit about Pulmonary Plague, as I learned a series of lectures on it for my history classes. The film really did not do a good job of getting the right facts about the disease because it looked a bit like the people had in the movie. The biggest problem is that this disease is so horrible that in 1950 they were not really allowed to show it. Sure, there is a high temperature and cough (they got it right) but there is also a lot of bleeding and the explosive vomiting of black blood - along with the swollen lymph nodes just like you would get with the bubonic plague - all purely and severely! Surely I can understand why they did not go that far. Well, I'm sure the federal government had a much bigger role in controlling and treating the disease - here in the film it was dealt with at a very local level and everyone seemed unprepared and somewhat unpopular. No one is willing to believe doctors !! For the acting, the film had some excellent actors here. Richard Widmark and Paul Douglas are, respectively, a public health doctor and chief of police. Good actors but also well-known actors in 1950. However, in his first film is the highly endangered Jack Palance (still pacing his original title "Walter Jack Palance") in addition to the relatively unknown (at the time) Zero Mostel. Palance was wonderful - very scary and very physically skillful in his stunts. Mostel played a heavy role in his early work - a kind of greedy and evil coward. <br /> <br /> In general, although not really getting the details correctly and packing everything very accurately, the film is very tense and has an excellent representation - and worth watching.
