The film "Panic in the Streets" is an exciting and airy film in which director Elia Kazan made a real sense of realism by filming the film in New Orleans, using a number of local people to fill different roles and use smart improvisation. As a result, the characters look and dialogue is very natural and believable. The important deadline that must be fulfilled in order to avoid a disaster, provides the story with a sense of urgency, urgency and problems that delay action, and then increase tension to a high level. <br /> <br /> After a dispute between the card game participants, a man named Kochak (Louis Charles) was shot and his body dumped in the pier area. When the body is found and the forensic doctor determines the presence of a virus, the US public health official is summoned to Dr. Clinton (Richard Widmark) and confirms his examination of the presence of the pulmonary plague. Reid insists that all known contacts of the dead man must be vaccinated without delay because the highly infectious nature of the disease means that without such action, any infected person is expected to die within days. <br /> <br /> Since the identity of the dead is unknown, the task of finding his contacts is expected to be difficult and this situation does not help when city officials and the police commissioner are not entirely convinced by Reid's briefing. They suspect that the threat to the public is likely to be as serious as their claims and that their initial lack of commitment is merely a series of obstacles to urgent action. The following investigation impairs the non-cooperation of the migrant community, a group of seafarers, a restaurant owner and some illegal immigrants before the man's identity and contacts are finally found. <br /> <br /> Kuchak, an illegal immigrant, was in a gang with Blackie (Jack Palance), Raymond Fitch (Zero Mostel) and Vince Boldy (Tommy Cook) and when gang leader Blackie becomes aware of police investigations, Kuchak must "have escaped something very valuable in the country." Since Kochak and Poldi are intertwined, Blackie assumes that Poldi should know something about this and go to find out more ... Poldi, however, is very ill and unable to provide any information. His doctor and with Fitch start moving Poldi out of his room and down some stairs, this is when they meet up with Reed and follow them with an exciting chase. <br /> <br /> Richard Widmark gives a strong personality The performance of a poorly paid civil servant adapts efficiently to the burdensome responsibilities of his job while also dealing with his domestic preoccupations as a family man.In an unusual kind of role for him, Dr. Reed's well-designed and serious nature also captures a very convincing portrayal of Jacques Ballens sees that he performs superbly as a ruthless accomplice to misjudge Kochak's reason for leaving him playing cards and also the cause of intense police investigation. His outstanding looks also help make his presence on the screen more convincing. <br /> <br /> In the typical docu-noir style, expressive cinematography and new real-world effects are used side-by-side to effectively capture the atmosphere of the sites where the action takes place. Elia Kazan directs precision everywhere but also excels in an unforgettable chase sequence in the warehouse and on the sidewalk.
