In front of a doctor and a policeman in New Orleans only 48 hours to determine the location of a killer infected with pulmonary plague. <br /> <br /> A thrilling, effective and elegant story directed by Elijah Kazan mixes documentary realism and a race against time. Panic In The Streets, which was filmed in and around New Orleans, was adapted from Quarantine and Some Like 'Cold by Edna and Edward Anhalt, who won the Oscar for the original story. It also has a great team that delivers high quality performance to their manager. In turn, Richard Widmark (bringing the style one year ago from Marlon's Kazan in Street Street Named Desire), Paul Douglas, Jack Palance (the name Walter Jack Palance) and the stunning Zero Mostel all feel as fast-paced as chasing Trappers were sought to stop the emergence of a potential black death epidemic. <br /> <br /> Where the film records its main thrill is Kazan's ability to cut back and forth between protagonists without changing the flow and mood of the piece. . From the public health doctor in Widmark, with a subcutaneous needle at hand, running in an attempt to locate the bad guys so he could do good; to the bad guys themselves who are concerned about the reason for such a large-scale chase; . Fortunately, the last thirty minutes of film cracking become. With the superior Palance as a nasty villain puts the irony in mind Tommy Udo from the grip of death from the kiss of death three years ago. <br /> <br /> It is a fictional story written intelligently, a story linking mice and criminals cleverly as the carrier of the disease. A scourge on society as it was. It's noisy elements, such as paranoia, are pleasantly mixed up with being a basic procedural excitement. While some of the scenes that are not properly forgotten are hidden due to the stifling atmosphere created by Kazan. Although some early psychologists threaten to direct the film down on a speech-based alley, it is certainly a movie worth staying with to the end. It is not a necessary film, and perhaps not even a necessary Kazan, but it is certainly a highly recommended film explored by a new generation of film lovers and re-evaluated by the old guard, who may have missed it a day. 7.5 / 10
