The Panic In The Streets opens in a high-pitched style, along a dark street followed by a tilted camera up to a window, behind it playing a flashy card game - the opening thrives, along with some of the launch shots, some of Wales brought in a decade later in Touch Of Evil . One of the players cast open the window. It is an appropriate procedure, it serves as an introduction to events within, in addition to opening our first view of the underworld properly. <br /> <br /> Shot in high contrast black and white, Panic In The Streets benefit greatly from a strong cast as well as some good shooting location in New Orleans. Landscapes such as the busy morgue, the cargo office, or the fluffy paint of Frank's Place are unique and sometimes terrifying, impossible to recreate in the studio. With these elements, Kazan shows the influence of Dasin, the leading bare city two years ago, which established the close documentary style of the Nawar course. In fact, Widmark's previous role was in the film "Night And The City" in Dassin, a film in which the growing panic was more widespread. Joe McDonnell, the director's favorite, filmed the detailed "street panic" environment. McDonald also worked on Kazan Pinky and Viva Zapata! , And continued to film Widmark again three years later at the Fuller Pickup Show in South Street. <br /> <br /> As others have observed, in a typical way of some nuier, Kazan's film contrasts confusion, illness and loss of street life with the quiet, quiet life of the Rose. But (for example) in The Big Heat (1953) in Lang destroys the hero's home life by elements of a deputy surrounded by the besieged character - which eventually brings him back to work with increased alertness and a sense of revenge - Limits up to just another business day. Despite all this danger, it eventually returns to the bosom of his family is justified and wanted. This means that social balance has been restored, at least for the time being because of its competence and therapeutic skills. <br /> <br /> This imbalance of course, was created because of crime and disease. The two are closely related in this film. It reminds us of a single line of Cobra (1986) - where "crime is the disease, know the cure" - is an accurate analogy in the context, if it resonates uncomfortably with socialism. At its peak, while Blackie tries to escape on board, the images specifically point to the mice as criminals, and pose a threat to society's health. Because Blackie (the supposed casualty) roams cheap rooms and sidewalks with his friends, looking for something they doubt everyone is following, if the "plague" and "Blackie" resonate in the minds of the masses, as well as more associated associations. Paradoxically, Blackie is descended from unhappy Bouldy's cousin, to "bring something" from the note true - even if he finally can not sell it or steal it. The logical assumption of Blaks is that the police will not usually be interested in killing an illegal illegal immigrant who has the truth, and that confusion is understandable. <br /> <br /> Dr. Reid, despite his love for the house, and on the side of society, is a true Noer hero. Familiar to this genre is the protagonist as a man walking alone, forced to travel beyond the limits of the law. On his way, Reid is forced to take morality into his hands for society as a whole - a dimension of the film that is considered very appropriate, given Kazan's controversial personal history. The director testified before the notorious HUAC, where he named the suspected communists and fellow travelers. His film depicts suspects summoned for questioning and dealing with the press on the basis that the dominant public interest justifies the means. These actions may have replicated the director's feelings at the time and are supposed to accept the pursuit of McCarthy witchcraft and the suppression of civil rights that ensue in the light of the alleged communist infiltration of the entertainment industry. In these times of terrorist threats and state retaliation, the issues that appear in the film are remarkably up-to-date. <br /> <br /> The highlights of the film include a prominent scene where Blackie Poldi is debated about the delicate nature. From his supposed smuggled cousin. Like Cat, Blackie stalks his victim all over the room, eventually ending up on the bed of the condemned patient, holding Foldi's feverish head in his hands - taut and misguided. It is a gesture that emphasizes the intimate nature of corruption, whether moral or physical. Apparently, the actors performed many or all of their stunts, leading to some other dramatic scenes in the end, where police and health authorities close the bad guys under the dock. Half of the crawling, the other half on the slippery wood on the edge of the docking basin should be a very uncomfortable experience for the bals, but it is a sequence that adds pretty much instantaneous of everything. <br /> <br /> Less often compelling elements distract the viewer. Apparently, Dr. Reid is left to fight a possible emergency national backup of the government. Perhaps equally astounding, it never impregnates itself - calls for a dramatic turning point that never materializes. At the end of the film, too, the potential epidemic, where all the people connected with them, is extremely accurate. But these weaknesses are more than their superiority over the other contentment of the film that still makes for compulsive and relevant viewing today.
