Knowing the film's ending time is as important as acting, directing and acting. It is nice to see when the output / script gets properly. Recording time in only 82 minutes, 10 elements or less do not stretch the story, trying to understand the unfamiliar topics. Remains focused, funny, well-fed and well-educated. <br /> <br /> Morgan Freeman (LUCKY NUMBER SLEVIN) plays the role of "Hu", an older actor who realizes which roles are being played. We got to know Hu as he travels to a supermarket in a section far from the city by The Kid (Jonah Hill, CLICK). Realizing that he has a star in his car, The Kid presses him to talk about his absence in the cinema over the past few years. He is not very forthcoming, because he has not only been out of it for a while, but is also on his way to the location of a separate film he may act in ("I have not yet decided whether I will accept a part"). The Kid is a relative of the co-director of this project, and soon falls into the middle of Nowheresville. Stuck, decides to check the local market. He immediately runs to the beautiful Scarlet (Paz Vega) who runs ten or fewer items of registration. Not only remarkably but cleverly, begins to use it as a major research theme for his role in his next independent film. He learns how to recognize the numbers very quickly and why they know the quirks of every member of this isolated society. <br /> <br /> He not only uses Scarlet, but helps her to see her deeper in her life. They travel together to retrieve her car from a cheating husband, teach her how to behave to get a new job she adores, and how to dress for success even when she meets the goal as an example of local clothing. This may be one of the most pleasant moments we get a glimpse of, which shows a complete lack of understanding of the retail world in a chain store ("These shirts are no more than $ 12! How is that?"), As mentioned at the beginning of this review , Is a surprise but apropos. There is no way to keep these two friends at all though they form a unique bond. They know when they say goodbye and what happened to each other. It is a quiet yet busy moment where the Scarlet's clashker sits outside the L.A. <br /> <br /> This wonderful and independent production does not waste much time going. You will not waste your time either.
