The little drama, which was neglected in 2006, is only 72 minutes long and is really just a piece of drawing for two people but works well within its limits. The story is almost entirely in different non-descriptive locations in southern Los Angeles, but the story itself is illogical, but like Sophia Coppola's "Lost in Translation," the film revolves around more than two strangers who meet unexpectedly, find a common link and go back to their lives The enlightened to meet is important. It also helps to play both Morgan Freeman and Baz Vega characters. After freeman freed from the sages and power figures beyond fame that became his specialty on the big screen, Freeman seems relatively liberal as a somewhat tolerant film star. His character is directed to a low-rent grocery store in Carson, where he will be able to look for a role to consider in an independent film. <br /> <br /> Outside of his work for a few years, he is embarrassed to see DVDs of his films in the bargaining box, but the ego has so much that it does not lack the seriousness it sees, it simulates the shop's enthusiastic employees. One of the things he particularly likes is Scarlett, a bitter worker from Spain who came down to the highway where she was a model of incompetence. She has an interview with a secretarial job at a construction company, but her deep insecurity seems to be defeating her chances already. Vega's sister, Penelope Cruz, the beautiful Vega (one of the few replaceable aspects of "Spanglish" James James Brooks) still brings a pungent edge and realistic fragility to Scarlet.Freeman and she interact well throughout the story, which include stopping not only at the grocery store But also in Target, Arby's and the full-service carwash.There is no earth breaking except to show how two people realize their resonance in coincidence encounters. <br /> <br /> Silberling keeps the procedures simple, but the production also reflects a professional prowess in cinematography The pulsed vedon of Papamichil (lenticular) ("lateral") and infectious result that It was written by Bobo Canaval (a relative of Scarlett) and Danny DeVito and Raya Perlman, as well as funny pieces with Jonah Hill ("Knocked Up") as a clueless driver and Jim Parsons ("The Knight" in the State Park) as a dedicated receptionist. 2007 DVDs are filled with additions, including a documentary film, "15 days or less," aimed at film students and the marathon manager 103 minutes; six extended scenes; But an insight between Silverbring and Freeman and Vega in the middle of the target; and two extracts that specifically announce DVD.
