I'm a big fan of Morgan Freeman. "Shoshank Retrieval" is ranked first in my favorite movies at all. But I have to admit that I often wondered about his choice of roles. Many of his titles were great budget clichés heartless. "10 Elements or Less" to me is Freeman's return to a role that truly exposes his great acting talents. <br /> <br /> Freeman plays the role of an unnamed Hollywood actor, an unprecedented time-consuming for several years. He was shown a role as an unidentified figure doing some research at a grocery store in a poor neighborhood in Los Angeles. After being stranded there by his wobbly driver, Freeman was brought on a ride home by a girl coming out of Scarlett (Paz Vega), who was his semi-boyfriend. Before you can take him home, Scarlet has a great job interview that needs to be accessed, and Freeman agrees to discriminate against the trip. <br /> <br /> Scarlet and Freeman follow several locations. , But the film is really just a personal piece about the interactions between the two. Freeman is an out-of-context Hollywood who has never heard of the target, does not know his phone number or even on any day of the week. He spreads the wisdom of the Dalai Lama, who has been filtered through his mind. "The whole world is only a stage," and repeatedly describes Scarlett's interview as "an experiment." However, he has a way with people, and a way to influence them extends beyond his fame. He is a fan of humanity. He studies them, asks continuous questions about them, and is pleased with the quirks where others are simply upset. In Scarlett, he sees the only stubborn person he was proud of; sees the man he used to be. <br /> <br /> Scarlett, for her part, has been very proud and a sharp language working to hide her own insecurity. Vega plays a role through contact with Freeman, who connects the line between my daughter's love and almost physical approximation, although she plays beautifully and is not at all slow as she looks. But even when she feels that her relationship is growing up with Freeman, Scarlett has a keen interest in the reality of their different worlds and their cuts through the Hollywood bull hit by a brutal pragmatism that refuses to accept anything but the truth. <br /> <br /> The film is clever, funny, well written, with a simple yet effective dialogue. I read one review of IMDb which stated that the lines are "simplified", which I think is a misinterpretation of the real human speech. There are no great Solququies here, no deep moments looking for the soul. I think the trick is to show how people in everyday life can establish regular relationships with each other. I think Freeman and Vega pull them out beautifully, drawing a picture of a link between two people, like the sun on the ocean, ethereal and elusive. After a long time, life continues in your memories, and you are impressed with what may be. Well, it was a little overblown, but I really liked the performance and the film. I would definitely recommend it.
