Barbara Streisand's television show is still the first time in the history of entertainment - in any media outlet. Streisand, cleverly divided into three separate works (to reduce the breakout of commercial breaks) took a bold and brilliant decision to drop the typical display format of time (which is why there were no guest stars or forced joking) and carried the whole show on her shoulders alone. This highly risky move resulted in MY NAME IS BARBRA setting a new standard for music on TV. <br /> <br /> Filmed in glorious black and white (which actually adds to the effectiveness of the show), MY NAME IS BARBRA was shot flawlessly and shooting impressively. However, what makes the show really overstep is Streisand itself. Watching the 23-year-old moving around during the 55-minute show is no less exciting. It is a wonderful voice (and even leads to the first and third acts directly), and provides the first evidence of the enormous star power that you will soon follow to the big screen. <br /> <br /> The biggest special asset is that she is daring to let Streisand stand on stage and sing some wonderful songs. After the strong opening performance of "Much More" (with a short opening excerpt from "My Name Is Barbara" by Leonard Bernstein), Barbra progresses through a multi-level studio set that offers a frantic version of Disney's classic "I'm late." In between the verses "I'm late", Streisand stops at different levels of the group to sing some wonderful numbers like "Make Believe" the thunder and thunder "How does wine taste?" In the middle of the first law, Barbara re-entered her childhood into the "A Kid Again" strains, then made very active performances for Anna Five and the Sweet Zoo while enjoying a large group. In the end, the illusion was shattered, as Strisand found herself out of the imagination and back to the real world. Then she sings of this lost childhood innocence in "Where is the miracle?" Streisand then embarked on a platform platform surrounded by a full room of musicians and performed an exciting show for "People" before the amazing applause of the direct studio audience. <br /> <br /> Act II of the special begins with Streisand and hinders it in front of the studio audience through a theatrical show "I Got the Blues" before presenting a comedy monologue about "Pearl of Istanbul". She then goes to the multi-section Berdorf Goodman department store, which allows her to sing a variety of poverty songs as she performs in some of the chic fashion in the store. This part is the brightest highlight for many special fans and critics. Some of the highlights of Action 2 include Streisand singing a restricted version of "Second Hand Rose" to the audience, appearing as a Latin bullfighter to the tune of "No one knows you as you fall out" and filming the frustration of a paperboy while "Brother, can you save a dime" . The third chapter of the private concert is a straight concert, with no cut or specific concepts. Streisand is a truly successful artist on the concert stage, and this part is the most exciting moment in private concerts. Streisand enters into a film screen almost defying gravitation for "When the Sun Comes Out" and continues to amaze viewers through a beautiful version of the song "YEAR WHY YOU CHOOSE", a burning performance from "Lover Come Back to I," and a variety of three songs form Emotional Girl. However, Strisand outperforms herself, with a phenomenal display of the Fanny Price / Billy Howdy standard, "My Man", which immediately became the best signature of the beloved singer. <br /> <br /> Straessend performs her timeless song a copy of "Happy Days Are Here Again" with the credits remaining on the left side of the screen. The distinctive end of the number confirms to the viewer that he or she has already seen something really special. My NAME IS BARBRA was a big triumph in the rankings when it was first broadcasted, eventually winning five Emmy Awards as well as producing two of the top five gold-selling tracks. Watching it all again, it is not entirely surprising.
