I could only feel that it could have been a bigger film than it was. Very clever scenario seems to have been possible to open it in a way that reminds us of seven. Not by changing the story - I think mainly through cinema. Cinematography was the only thing I found frustrating the film. On the other hand, the speed was absolutely. Everyone who worked on editing did his job well. I think Bill Paxton did a great job at directing. Now away from the technical stuff ... <br /> <br /> This movie threw me into a loop. Spoiler before! All the time, I really felt that Bill Paxton was crazy, and then when Adam finally took the FBI agent to the Rose Garden to clarify where the bodies were buried and who he was, he was thrown into a ring. I had suspected that the first part of the misrepresentation was but what really threw me was when the client touched and saw the client killing his mother and the fact that the client too (without any words talking simply by touch) sees her again with Adam and asks him how he knew. It was not a dilemma that there had been another development, but the almost incomprehensible idea was that this man and his father were not crazy but actually chose "evil", so to speak, knowing their sins and crimes. I do not support the eye so I did not leave the film able to believe that they are doing God's work. Instead, I chose to believe that both were clairvoyant and that the father had separated from the deep end one day, and through the things that his children had subjected, he had always troubled them. This was my explanation, but the puzzling thing about the film is that it looks like a bunch of cards and a never-ending circle, and what is the correct interpretation of the disturbing events I've been through. It's certainly one of those movies that I like to be able to interview the writer so I can only ask him about the true meaning of everything. Were they mad and insane? They were simply coming to my senses and getting a license because of that? Or did they have a kind of appearance of God? If so, was God or Satan disguised as God. We and my friends have been talking about it all night trying to figure out what it was and what filmmakers thought was the answer when they filmed this movie. <br /> <br /> An impressive and impressive film with some very disturbing film elements but certainly not exciting. It is not an ideal film, but it is certainly a special thing. The great directing work and acting was by Bill Paxton and the child who played Fenton very well. I hope it does not end up with child actor syndrome because it seems to have a lot of promise. I gave this film a good vote for most of the components making a film, but I would have voted up if it had not been because of the feeling that something (although I can not tell) has been stopped and if it has not been, the film has gone to a higher level. Still, definitely recommend, especially for those who are curious.
