Frailty is a horror film that brings chills by the logic and effect of the illusion / man's obsession directly to corruption. My father (we never knew his name) is a thin man and a loving father who raises his children alone after the death of my mother as she gives birth to the youngest son Adam. The family world turns upside down late one night when my father rushes into the boys' room and tells them that God has given him a vision. What do you see ?? The task of the entire family is to destroy demons, who, of course, are disguised in human form. <br /> <br /> From this premise, the film is unshakeable in its follow-up. My father abducts people / demons whom God told them to destroy, and binds them, and puts his hand on them to see a vision of their evil, then kill them ?? While making his young children. Fenton, the older boy, was horrified, and only the father, who had become a mad killer, was seen. Adam, the younger, is uneasy, but he is confident that my father will follow the will of God. In the end, the father takes his sons in missions to hijack the "demons" God placed on my father's list, and finally, invited them to participate fully in God's mission to the family. <br /> <br /> This is not so, you understand, abusive father. He loves his children. It follows only the instructions of God: "This is our job now, my son, we must do it." When Fenton is terrified and convinced that his father has gone mad, he says he will tell the police, explains his father, "If you do that, son, I'll die. The pressure on children is intolerable and tragic and distorts their entire lives. (1) The structure of the film is similar to the structure used by the usual suspects: a story in the flashback, recounted at a police station to an FBI agent. Moody lighting, stormy weather, and strange calm today, increase the background background threat. I wanted to believe that the emerging horror was just a story, so I remembered the real parallels of Andrea Yates, whom I thought were possessed by Satan and could save her children by drowning them. Even so, I wanted to believe that I was witnessing a human tragedy, rather than a story of divine revenge. <br /> <br /> The film did not give me that much comfort, because it gave strong evidence in the end about the health of my father's vision. This, as far as some of the plot holes, is a problem for me. Regardless of the accuracy of my father's visions, regardless of the evil that his victims may have committed, where does anyone derive authority to act as an angel to die? (1) Review by Roger Ebert, 4/12/02
