A number of films by Richard Attenborough were directed as a director of a personal biography of major historical figures, Young Winston, Gandhi and Chaplin. "Gray Owl" is also a biography of a historical individual, but in this case the subject of Attenborough is a more mysterious character. <br /> <br /> Gray Owl was a Canadian writer in the 1920s and 1930s, promoting environmental ideas and preserving nature at a time when these reasons were less common than they are today. He was widely believed to be an American Indian. The story about himself was that he was born in Mexico to a Scottish father and a mother of Apache, and he emigrated to Canada where he was adopted as a member of the Ojibway tribe. He lived in a cabin beside a lake in a remote part of the Canadian wilderness, where he earned his living as a hunter. He toured Britain twice, in 1935 and 1937, to promote his books and give lectures on the preservation of the environment, and achieved great success, even he was introduced to the royal family. (During one of these tours, he saw Attenborough, then a teenager, Gray Owl at the Palladium Theater in London). After his death in 1938, it turned out that it was not he who claimed to be; his real name was Archibald Bellani, born in the English coastal city of Hastings. <br /> <br /> The film leaves some of the facts of Gray's first life. In a scene set in 1934, he was 41 years old. In fact, he was born in 1888 where he was 46 that year. (He was 46 years old Omar Pearce Brosnan when the film was produced, so I'm not sure why this change). Many events are compressed in the last four years of Gray Owl's life (1934-1938). During this period, he met and married Gertrude Bernard whom Anaho called. In fact, he met and married Gertrude as early as 1925. The film also overlooked the fact that they were divorced in 1936 and Gray Oyle married again shortly before his death. <br /> <br /> Revealing the true identity of Gray first negatively affected his reputation after his death, and was rejected as a "scam". He used the supposed deception to distort the reasons he defended. Richard Attenborough, however, takes a more sympathetic view of his achievements. One of the topics explored by the film is the issue of ethnic identity. Although Archibald Bellani was not a Canadian Indian by birth, there is no doubt that he had a deep knowledge of the culture and traditions of Ojibwe and that he spoke their language fluently. He was accepted by Ojibway as a member of their tribe. It therefore seems unfair to describe his claim to North America's original identity as fraudulent, simply because it was an identity he chose rather than a born identity. <br /> <br /> According to the film, Gertrude's wife from Grey Owl was of Indian origin, but came from a family that had merged into Canadian white culture. Therefore, her marriage can be considered as the restoration of the original cultural heritage of her family. She was clearly influenced by her husband, but she had an impact on him, persuading him to give up his job as a fur hunter with moral objections to killing animals for her fur. <br /> <br /> One criticism consists of Pierce Brosnan being a "mistake" as the hero, a criticism that seems inherent in the preconceived notion that Brosnan can only play action heroes in James Bond's form. It seems to me, however, that Brosnan may have deliberately assumed this role in order to avoid being printed, as Gray was the first, back in the backyard, away from Bond as sophisticated and sophisticated as possible. It seems that the original Bond, Sean Connery, deliberately chose contradictory roles when he appeared in films like "The Hill" or "The Molly Maguires". Brosnan is actually very good in this role, although I agree with those who have found me a weak Gallipo like Gertrude. <br /> <br /> There is another criticism that is repeatedly expressed and I do not agree with it that the film is "boring." Certainly, it is not a movie like Bond, nor is it a great biography like Gandhi, The reality is boring to those who were expecting to be either one or the other, yet it is likely that anyone interested in the early days of conservative movement or the philosophical implications of national and ethnic identity will be satisfied. Help to revive interest in this amazing but stunning number
