Enterprise, the latest high budget for the most successful IPO in the history of film and television, opens on a 90 minute called "Broken Bow". First, we have been overwhelmed by a series of mega-events with the pursuit of Klingon by some Sullivan (who are the main enemy in the first season of the show). From there, the televised film takes us on a rarely good journey, with some of the best development characters, story and visual / visual effects unprecedented in such a short time. <br /> <br /> Opening credits are a topic debatable among a minority of Enterprise enthusiasts, some of whom believe that the song is invalid. What they failed to recognize is the words themselves. If one listens to the actual song, instead of the theme, you'll begin to assemble the puzzle pieces together. In the end, as the series progresses even further, and we become more familiar with our courageous leader and his crew, the song will really be meaningful. The theme of Diane Warren is beautifully coordinated and completely enriched by the opera singer Russell Watson. <br /> <br /> What makes any television program easy to watch and worth watching over and over again is its characters and the way the layers are organized. Enterprise (in my opinion) is one of the most well-delivered presentations since the next generation. Scott Bacolla's choice as Captain Jonathan Archer was the best decision since Jean himself named Patrick Stewart as Jean-Luc Piccard. While the captain always leads the show, Bakula adds precision to his role and brings a huge smile to the faces of anyone who pumps blood into his veins. It is simply (both the wise and wise actor) a wonderful person, his charm, intelligence and compassion that control him. For the other cast members, my favorite is John Billingsley, who plays Dr. Flux. It is also good to see a non-human role playing a role, and the decision to give the captain a dog called "Porthos" is a welcome idea. Throughout the evolution of the character the show was fantastic, it was fast, timed, and was almost perfect. I say with some regret that the character Travis Mayweather played by British Anthony Montgomery is somewhat weak at the end of the first season. He has some things to say here and there, but he stays in the hands of the producers to make him more important. Jolene Blalock is superb like the T'Pol Subcommander is sometimes cruel but lovable. Dominic Keating as Lieutenant Malcolm Reid plays a strong role and convinces him as a weapons officer. Conor Trainer plays the role of Charles "Tripp" Tucker, who always adds his charm and comedian to his character and finally Linda Park as late Lt. Hoshi Sato, who often plays a weaker character but fortunately becomes interesting. All these characters form an institution, all of which come in quality that Star Trek has not seen for a long time. Everyone makes this show worth watching. Smiles and a sense of satisfaction are guaranteed from the first time we all see the vehicle's NX-01 bridge. <br /> <br /> The ship itself, the NX-01 is somewhat questionable in design. The series was set 150 years from now and 100 years ago by Captain Kirk. Why, then, does the ship look similar in design to the mid-twenty-fourth-century ships, the Akira class? Continuity has been a problem in Enterprise, but fortunately, Rick and Berman [Braga] provide explanations for each one. Continuity is only a problem if you check the offers forever and take care of the details. If you see the view with an open mind, you will not have any problems, but you want to know "why" all the time. So what did Berman and Braga offer on the Star Trek fan base with the issue of putting off the ship itself? According to them the NX-01 is how it is due to the accident in the first contact. When Zefram Cochrane Enterprise-E saw through his telescope and to talk to the guest led by Commander Reeker, he changed the ideas in his head. This explanation is good enough for me. Of course, it is not easy for some fans to accept this type of answer. Some go even further to refuse to watch the offer until they get a reasonable answer. Come, guys. When George Lucas destroyed the Star Wars epic by making a profit in a new trilogy, fans could not do anything, just watch it and drain it anyway. And then they learned it, well, maybe not so bad. If you can not accept the quality offer for what it is, and not what it should be in your mind, go somewhere else. Or try to become a product in the program, then see what you can do. <br /> <br /> Groups in Enterprise strongly remind you of Defiant from Deep Space Nine. They often appear cool and have a strange look on the modern structure and yell that they belong to the army. Perhaps this is why the USS Enterprise crew (also known as the US Navy's flagship) likes them so much. They are wonderful collections, and the presentation is perfect. <br /> <br /> Rick Berman "Horizon of the Empire" as John Logan put it very accurately and put his counterpart Branon Braga nail on his head exactly where it should be, and in all the right places. Be it techniques, images, sound, editing or recording. Enterprise is a good guide to how well the ultimate science fiction TV is, when it is in the hands of geniuses. The late Jane Roddenberry will be proud of this series and as a Star Trek fan, so you should.
