The tourist season has just ended from a remote island off the coast of Scotland, and the winter has begun and the population, both humans and sheep, settles in quieter times in the future. Michael Javiken (James Warwick) is a local dentist who is not a native of the island. His relationship with the local artist and cartographer Fiona Patterson (Celia Emery) is always viewed with little suspicion, not maliciously, but only Of the protective instincts possessed by the narrow and tight society of their relatives. The fineness of the islands is broken when Gavikin finds in a solitary tour of golf the headless remains of a brutally murdered woman. He immediately reported the hideous discovery of Insp Inskip (Maurice Roëves) at the island police station, where Inskip arranges the delivery of the remains to the local GP, Dr. Goudry, for thorough inspection. The quick search for the killer does not bear fruit, as does the search for a lost local woman. During the dinner that night with Michael Gavikin, Fiona realized that the dead woman might be Sheila Anderson, a mainland woman, who lived on the island during the winter months. The quick search of her home, Dov Cottage, reveals the remains of her lost body and her home proves to be the place of murder. But why did the murderer pull her trunk one mile into the forest? The suspicion immediately falls on a stranger left on the island, Colonel Howard (Jonathan Neuth) who also happened to be the last person he saw alive when I encountered her last phrase together. <br /> <br /> Gaudry Gafikin asks for some dental experience in the victim's body. She reveals that she has torn someone or something with great force. One of the teeth marks on the body seems to refer to a human killer and another point to an unknown animal. A mutilated lamb was found and then the Canadian bird scientist was found dead. With heavy fog flowing, the island is isolated from the mainland and any possibility of assistance, and the radio is not working, it seems to have been blocked and telephone lines have been cut off. The UFO reports are heightened and the sight of a demonic soldier is found by finding a strange-looking plane hidden behind rocks on the beach. Inskip is confused and refuses to listen to anything but the facts and laughs at the idea of ​​Gaffikin that suggests the possibility of foreign involvement, but the high levels of radioactivity on the island, make him doubt himself. <br /> <br /> The Nightmare Man is based on the novel "A Child of Vodyanoi" by David Wiltshire, written here by Dr. Ho and 7 screenwriter Robert Holmes and directed by Douglas Camfield who also had experience in directing science fiction classics The film will benefit from this experience experts onboard type. Although the Nightmare Man on the whole, a wonderful piece of design, you build their scheme along with the development of a solid character, even down to the secondary characters, the time is given to give them all a solid background. The island's environment may be cliches that have been used repeatedly, but it is one of the things I enjoy so much, the distance, the feeling that I'm under siege without any exit always adds to the atmosphere, and here the extra gravity is provided by the presence of impenetrable fog A place to block all efforts. In many efforts of this kind, it is very easy to be ridiculous and the plot to resort to melodrama, but credited to Camfield, all linked with a focus on credibility at all times. There is authenticity around the proceedings, so that the characters speak gaelic at times to reinforce this point. If there is one negative about the killer, we will grant him / her a POV to kill, cliches are acceptable on their own, but when viewed through a red filter and a fish's eye lens, it just screams over-over-just a few movie dates. Although you will be under intense pressure to guess the outcome or identity or for this type of killer, given the clues provided, it is an interesting piece and behaved very well. The local Scottish actors are exceptional. The local Popovians Rufiz and Cosmo in particular do not send each other off and are delighted to boast. Imre, I have never been used to it in other works, is also very good and presents a female body as if it were in the production of a hammer. The oddity, and perhaps even the troubling benefit, may make some viewers angry. We have disappointed our hopes in some respects, but when they are released, it is understandable and acceptable, if you think about it, it is more frightening.
