There is nothing more damaging to history than its distortion. This takes the easiest and most superficial way, simply depicting it as a monster. It shows only its negative aspects, exaggerated. "Those who do not know the past will destroy us to repeat it." He was a human being. It may be difficult for some people to accept, but an important part of life is to confront what we do not want. Instead of a man's demon, we should try to understand him. Otherwise, we have little chance of preventing any similar person in the future, or even today, from succeeding in any area of ​​a similar distance, as much as damage and misery. Hate him and what he did, do not make him into something legendary, intentionally or otherwise. Frankly, you can play a lot of this mini-series "Mute * Stupid * duuum *!" After or during scenes. The gesture of the whole thing, gestures and winks to the public, with a clear message that "this wicked man or what," includes every bad attribute (in addition to the formation of many of those that directly conflict with who and what was), and allow to appear in one way or another from nothingness, And made them steadfast throughout his life, not something he believed or claimed. This should never be used to educate. Use Der Untergang (Downfall, in English), and perhaps point to some errors in it, instead. This, does not take into account the actual events that occurred, and any survivors, not to mention those who died. Cinematic quality? from first class. It is a good performance, through and through, excellent production values, a solid arc of good layout, a strong and reliable characterization, great dialogue and texts, all playful acting performances (Carlisle looks and plays role ... as written ... absolutely) Well composed, filming and editing are flawless and creative, and this is definitely sexy, entertaining and installs. They get dates and many events, and they deserve it. If I had to work on it, I did not feel that I could be objectively enough for Hitler to emerge as a full-fledged person, for I had refused, considering that was the reason. I do not blame anyone for his hatred. How can you forgive what he did, and are we sure we must? That's not what I suggest. Finally, let me point out that, as I wrote this, we are in a global economic crisis that lasted for about two years, and this is not terribly different from the stock market crash of 1929. The reasons for this led to recession in the new millennium are as follows: Money for banks to keep the market going, and most countries are now friendly towards each other ... Apart from that, the lesson has not been learned ... Hopefully, it now has ... Back to this ... My suggestion? Read a book, non-fiction, deal with the subject. From the smart information, the DVD holds a trailer, I recommend it only to those who know better, and strongly urge any u R saw, the search for the truth. 10/08
