In Christian Dugway, Hitler: The Rise of Evil, Hitler's early years in life and politics show up in a successful manner with some simple historical errors and some exaggeration. It's normal for a Hollywood movie to contain things like the main purpose of production is the income they get from the movie. Although such errors may disappoint some members of the public who believe that everything must be done by the book, I think most of them fit well into the rest of the film, which makes it more interesting. We should not forget that this film is not a documentary film. Who cares how his dog died anyway. <br /> <br /> Throughout the film, Hitler is depicted as a psychologically unstable figure who gets angry very easily and very excited for his upper ideals. But he was not portrayed as being too bad, but like an ambitious politician. I think this is a beautiful perspective because the film is not affected by many negative emotions and this made the film somewhat objective. Yes, he was a little crazy, and his methods were tough but he was still a human being and not a crazy character exactly as portrayed in the movie "Inglourious Bastards". I think it made the film even more realistic with some mistakes in historical facts. <br /> <br /> The flow of history is well reflected on the spectators. Although the focus of the film was on Hitler, we also had the opportunity to see what was happening in the country as a result of these works through newspapers, discussions of people and songs in a Jewish nightclub. The reaction of the community was also reflected in the film, but it was very limited. The struggles of journalist Fritz Gerlich and the satirical plays that were played at the club were fun and enjoyable, but that was all. Mostly, we have only seen his followers roam the streets chanting. <br /> <br /> There is something else missing in the film that is information about the origin of his hatred of the Jews. At the beginning of the film, some ideas are presented on this subject but they were very superficial. Suddenly, he was a politician delivering speeches about the need to exterminate the Jews. <br /> <br /> In conclusion, Hitler can not be considered: the rise of evil is an excellent film that everyone will love, but it will be. Not at all unsatisfactory. If you can find two directors who change history for money, it is an interesting film that reflects Hitler's character in a successful way.
