The next episode of the original Star Trek series is sometimes entertaining and exciting, proving that the show was still exploring its characters even at this stage of the third season; although there are flaws, "all our days" have their moments, Moody and attractive. Kirk, Spock, and McCoy go off to planet, assuming they will arrive at the right time to save or at least give some warning to any population there, because the planet's sun is due to explode within hours. But as it turned out, people there are fully aware of the fate of the planet, using some kind of travel over time, and have fled to the past. Each person can choose the time and place in the past where he or she wishes to live in a "library" run by an elderly man named Mr. Attoz. Atouz assumes that the three men are looking for a past to live in, and shows them different periods during which they can choose the viewers. There is some forced confusion at the beginning of the loop, with lines like: <br /> <br /> McCoy - Where did they go? Atoz - wherever they want. <br /> <br /> The misunderstanding can be easily removed, but for planning purposes, it is not, and Kirk will soon find himself in a period similar to England in the eighteenth century, while Spook and McCoy are sent to the Age of Ice, 5,000 years past the planet . From here, the main focus is on Spock and his relation to a woman who has so far been denied by a tyrant as punishment. Spock begins with increasingly emotional representation, showing anger towards McCoy and the deep emotion of Zarabith, the woman. In the end he realizes that he returns to the primitive emotional state of his ancestors in Vulcan, 5000 years ago. Kirk began to return to the library first, and finally convinced Mr Attoz that they did not belong to the history of his constellation. Spook and McCoy return before it's too late, leaving Zareth behind; the three "enterprise" thrives and disappears quickly when the sun explodes and destroys the planet. The interaction between Spock and Zarabeth provides the most unforgettable moments for this episode, although the Kirk adventure in the past "English" was amusing. All in all, the Star Trek stroll is very gracious on the last day.
