The penultimate episode of the third season of Star Trek is excellent and highlights the malignant season. Spock, McCoy and Kirk went to Sarbidon to find that the planet's inhabitants were completely missing except for a giant library and Mr. Atouz, the librarian. All three characters quickly entered the journey through the travel machine over time to different periods of the past in Sarpeidon. Spock presents a convincing performance as a snowman from the Ice Age falls in love with Zarabeth while Kirk returns to his unfortunate experience of travel through time - see "City on the Edge of Forever" - when he is accused of witchcraft and imprisonment before escaping and finding the back door in time for present Sarpeidon . In the end, all three characters are saved in Trek just minutes before the Beta Niobe star appears around Sarpeidon. Enterprise fades away when the star explodes. <br /> <br /> Ironically, as William Schattner notes in his Star Trek Memories, this presentation has been a source of controversy since Leonard Nimoy noted that no reason was given. In the text of Lisette for some reason that Spock was acting in an emotional way. Nemoy conveyed his concerns directly to the exhibition's executive producer, Fred Freiberger, in which Vulcanz was not supposed to be in love. (P. 272). However, Fraiberger thought, that the preparation of the Ice Age allowed Spock to experience emotions because this was a time when the volcano did not develop into its current logical state. This was a great example of improvisation by Freiberger to save text that was far above average for this particular episode. While Schattner points out that the quality of the third-season script has been hurt technically by Spock because his character had to give up like a donkey in Plch's Stepchildren, play music with Hippies in "The Way to Eden," or show emotion sometimes it was more believable here . Spock's representation here was excellent, as Fraiberg frankly acknowledged Schattner. (Page 272) The only obvious opening of the plot is the fact that since both Spook and McCoy have traveled thousands of years back in time, McCoy also had to return to a more primitive human condition, not just Spock. But this is a mistake that can be overlooked given the poor quality of many other season 3 performances and the impressive Spock / McCoy performance in this script. Who would have imagined that the present inhabitants of Sarbidon would escape the fate of their planet, destined to travel to their past? This is definitely what we have achieved from the best of the "Classic Journey" - a truly inspired story. <br /> <br /> In the film "Memories", Schattner chose some of his best "Season 3," as "The Enterprise Incident, Day of the Dove," in Truth No Beauty, The Tholian Web and children lead and Paradise syndrome. (P. 27) While my personal opinion is that "the boys must be" a very bad episode while "There is really no beauty" problem, "All our days yesterday" definitely belongs to the list of the best three-star season trip movies TOS. I give 9 out of 10 for "all our last days".
