An unusual trip in time travel: Instead of traveling to the past of the Earth, the main trinity of the history of another planet has tripped in the past. They move to this planet, whose sun is set to go down in 3 or 4 hours (and this is interrupted!). In a kind of future bookstore, they meet Mr. Atouz (from the ground up, get it? Ha ha) and repeat it. It turns out, instead of escaping the destruction of their planet by traveling into space, in the usual way, all the inhabitants fled to different eras of the past time of their planet. Mr. Atoz uses a time machine to send people the way they choose (check the discs we see here, and the other diagnosis of CDs and DVDs!). When Mr. Atouz prepares the machine (Atavachron-what-sis), the courageous Kirk hears the woman's scream and encounters the planet's 17th-century planet, where he fights the sword and arrests him for witchcraft. There is an eccentric but good performance here by the actress who plays the role of a notorious woman at this time, using a formula of time ("... you are a good coo bully .. witch! Witch! They will burn you ...!!"). Spock & McCoy Kirk followed, but ended up in the Age of Ice, 5000 years ago. <br /> <br /> Kirk can return to the library first. The real story here is the return of Spock to the barbaric tendencies of his predecessors, who were like war years ago 5000 years ago. This is not really logical, but this time it may be responsible for the change (though, "Spock & McCoy" was not prepared by Atoz - well, it also seems to me that Spock was affected by the move almost immediately - mentioning that it is being "in millions Light years ", instead of the correct hundreds or thousands - a fatal error for Volcan logical). In any case, Spock really shows his bad side here - forgot "Dove Day" and recalls "this side of paradise" - McCoy quickly discovered that his companion Vulcan would not stand in front of any of his usual taste and almost get his face rearranged. Spock also deals with Zabeth, the elegant woman who was banished to this cold past as punishment (I wrote two stories from Trek about Ibn Spock, as a result of this union). All these scenes are visible openings, and a reminder of the spock that is hidden or carried. Ironically, in only a few episodes ("Requiem for Methuselah"), McCoy was referring to Spock how he would never know the pain of love - and now all this is happening. Kirk, meanwhile, is debating with the elderly Atuz, who insists that Kirk return back to a past age ("You're obviously obsessed with suicide" - wonderful things from actor Wolf, last seen in "Bread and Circus"). All of this works out in the end, but as I said earlier, they've all done so closely. Trek adventure is a little elegant, with a definite cosmic inclination.
