Steven Spielberg produced, wrote, and came up with ideas and even episodes directed from amazing stories, so of course this must be the greatest selection ever made? Unfortunately a mistake. Some episodes are wonderful, but often the bag was mixed. In fact, perhaps this was his fall, he was very confused. Some episodes were light comedy, some were drama, some were horrifying, and one was animated, making it a similar version, but not good in the 1980s from the twilight zone (which also existed). <br /> <br /> Usually I want to get a mix of stories in an anthology, but it did not work quite well here. I felt some of the most fanciful dramas that would appear better late at night on the Lifetime network, such as the "Ghost Train" episode, directed by Spielberg himself. In that episode, she gave the message of hope, and gave us a fictional story, but in general it was just a surge to the end did not escape me anyway. Horror episodes tend to work better than drama, but there were more dramatic episodes, and they were tired to watch them. This selector, acting wisely, acts with some big stars, similar to the original twilight zone. Kevin Costner, Kiefer Sutherland, Milton Pearl, Dom Deloys, Harvey Keitel, Bo Bridges, Charlie Sheen, Forrest Whitaker, Tim Robbins, John Lithgow, Rhea Perlman, Danny DeVito, Patrick Sweezy, Christopher Lloyd, John Johnhart, Kathy Baker and Jankovic. Other celebrities in episodes of the show. It is interesting to see well-known actors in almost every episode of the series. The great directors also took part in episodes including Spielberg himself, Clint Eastwood, Bert Reynolds, Bob Clarke, Joe Dante, Mike Jarris, Paul Bartel, Joe Dante, Robert Zemeckis, Danny Devito and even Martin Scorsese. In fact, I recommend it more to film lovers and / or 80s than anyone else. <br /> <br /> The amazing stories were sometimes amazing, usually good, sometimes modest, and each time from time to time the real stink came out. However, this offer has a nostalgic value for me, and it is fun to sit in the dull afternoon and watch some episodes. John Williams's music for the series is sure to be seen in the head of anyone watching this too. <br /> <br /> My rating: Good view. 30 minutes. Per episode. TVPG
