Frankly, I was expecting to hate this, and I only checked it out because Gina Jameson was there ... but I must say I came out of the evil kick. A group of university children and their teacher are going on a "field trip" to Ireland. Their homes are near the forest where it is rumored that strange things happen and tourists often disappear without a trace. The acting property management warned a group of teenagers from adventure to get out of the woods - but being stupid B movie characters they - of course do not care and pay for their mistake one by one ... First, there are a lot of bugs with BREED EVIL. The representation / dialogue is very weak, and my main part is that the film that contains Gina Jameson, Chase Lane, Ginger Lynn and Taylor Hayes must have a bolder nudity than they have before it here - and the role of Gina in this grossly hyperactive production is that she has a total of about 2 minutes of screen time. Even less with Chasi, Jinger does not show any skinny skin and has the worst Irish accent ever. The final scene of the film is meaningless at all and feels that it has just been put to the end of the film. These knobs aside - there are some goodies too. Both Richard Grico and Chasey Lain were sent early, with Greico's bare trunk ending up with a grilled spit, and Chasey's chastity churning in half (though not showing how to appear that way on the screen) ... not bad For the first 5 minutes. Other scenes of murder are largely creative, including removal of a gene for forced breast implantation, a man who gets the colon through his buttocks, a knife through the face, and a few other prominent figures. The implants and the colon also contain unbroken versions of special features, and it is a shame that the producers have made them disappear, so to speak. The movie also moves in a very good clip as soon as you move it so you do not have much time until you feel bored. The "creature" FX is also efficient, which certainly helps. Overall, the bad evil was not as bad as I expected. This one, along with SATAN'S LITTLE HELPER, mostly renewed my interest in low-budget direct US videos. I usually ignore them as a whole, but these two were fit enough to give me some faith. EVIL BREED is not a technical masterpiece, but it is a good way to blow up 90 minutes - it may not hurt to suck a cheap bottle of Bourbon while you are in it - I know I was, and I'm sure it did not hurt my experience. 7.5 / 10
