Hong Kong filmmakers were no longer a Hollywood filmmaker. The temporary migration of Tsui Hark, John Woo and Ringo Lam in the 1990s was temporary. From their collective output, it was only a few films (or I can only say one) that made an impact at the box office. Andrew Lau's and Alan Mac's partnership has been a driving force in Hong Kong's modern film history, especially with the now-famous regional trilogy that has been redesigned in Martin De Scorsese's Departures, so it is no surprise that Hollywood is on the door. <br /> <br /> But without his collaborator Mac, who usually has script duties / story, how was Lao fare with writers Hans Bauer and Craig Mitchell? It is similar to X files without X files, in the way the story is prepared, the characters and similarities drawn with the Chris Carter series. Richard Gere and Claire Dance are associated with David Duchovny and Gillian Anderson, but they do not belong to any federal investigative agency carrying arms, but they are employees of the Protection Services, whose primary role is to ensure that the sexist scammers belonging to the jurisdiction are preserved They are safe from society when they are released after spending time. Thus, shepherds tend to herd, only that their flock suffers from sexual deviation due to illness and violence. <br /> <br /> The similarities in characterization are so obvious that they are just a cosmetic touch outside. Like Fox Mulder, Earl Babg of Gere is a lone stranger, consumed by his obsession in trying to harass his flock with a heavy load. Frightened by a failed attempt to save a missing child, just like Mulder deals with his lost sister, Babbage is avoided by colleagues and orders are given as a retirement plan. He is very disgusted by the people who watch him, he is sick of their crimes and what they commit, and that he is not concerned about the use of unconventional methods, without jumping from the handle while taking an illegal preventive punishment. At the same time, he also has a strong urge to fight him, so do not cross the line to become like those who hate them. As part of the routine, he also scans newspapers and newspaper newspapers for evidence and leads to his goal of seeking closure, salvation for himself, a strong belief that the truth still exists, and he wants to believe it. <br /> <br /> Danis Allison Laurie on the other hand, is an innovative fugitive to replace Babbage. But in the meantime, while learning ropes in the job for 18 days, she must spy on him and report on the Shinigans, much like Dana Skole's mission with Fox Mulder. Since the disbelievers are proactive and adhering to the idea that those who have gone out into society have recovered from their temptations, they slowly begin to see what Babbage sees and understand that it takes more than just an office and administrative work if they really want to help people. <br /> <br /> This is the discovery of the world of idols and evil sexual practices, on which we completely open our eyes, such as how the starring Nicolas Cage brought 8 mm starring Nicolas Cage into the spotlight. It's a decent investigative drama with the usual red herring, and I have, is it really good because it made you wonder often if your guesses are true, and you'll quickly find yourself firing from the thigh while proving you are wrong in an alarming repeat, although I do not attribute This is to a narrow narrative, but more than the sheer number of characters (watch out for Avril Lavigne etching) and sub plots. The scene in the dark store / store was closer to David Mills in Se7en and William Somerset when they raided John Doe's apartment and found a lot of weirdness inside, although they were here, given the nature of the subject, there was not much. <br /> It seems that the film Flock somehow decided that cinematography Enrique Chidiak is good enough, despite his odd style of not having any style, and taking advantage of almost every trick in the book to try to re-create the feelings of watching another Se7en movie, But this was deep in the tints of brown, rather than torment and black gloom. It takes some time to get used to this, and I put that effect as distracting attention from what happens in the story. Not a really good step, with a fairly repetitive repetition of scenes that include past memories. <br /> <br /> But the Flock still makes its entertainment fit, although X-philes there may have trouble not portraying their favorite actors in leading roles, given many similarities in character. Gere and Danes put some chemistry like the old fogy and protected it, and although it is not quite great, Andrew Lau managed to get something fun.
