I really like Richard Gere ... I have always seemed to be delayed as a Hollywood star and money maker, but it seems to me that he has very mature and intense roles and he has been very successful in it, not only financially because I have seen him in some great gems Recently, including The Hoax and The Hunting Party (both have to watch movies! Check out my reviews) and now this is the Flock which was supposed to be a great release considering it's a big 35 million + budget. It seems that some other IMDb reviews are very cruel because I thought that the film dealt with a very serious social problem in a direct, violent and very disturbing way and JR brings everything home. It's an exciting drama and my television interest has been told in its story. I think part of the problem that people seem to be facing is that it is a very serious problem in Hollywood, but I do not think they are doing it with disrespect, but are trying to take a different turn to make people realize that this exists. In fact, it is the same way the Hunting Party deals with war. Wai-keung Lau's Hong Kong manager did a good job of connecting them together, but I think the cast made it look distorted. <br /> <br /> Richard Gere as I have guessed from my previous comments is wonderful as a social worker of the types Erroll Babbage, who invented some of his style and laws when it comes to tracking "herd" who have recorded violent sex crimes. He does not have any punches to follow these people and follow them and make sure that they do not re-offend and if they do it will be the person who determines them and stops them in any way possible. Jerry is very intense and seems drained of this post and has become violent and angry of watching these monsters on the street. It's just wonderful. Claire Danis is also wonderful as a new partner for Babaj and his replacement, who has to train him to do his job. The character of the Danes is a very typical socialist and is somewhat surprised by Babaj's style and methods, but she slowly realizes what he is trying to accomplish and confront. They are wonderful together and have wonderful chemistry in very different characters. Cady Strickland plays the role of a troubled record-taker who appears to be torn from headlines because she plays a role reminiscent of Carla Homolka (the wife of Paul Bernardo who has just come out) to those of you who follow the killers of two Canadian series. Her character is slightly above the top but both convincing and terrifying. Russell Sams plays a small role as a new friend of Strickland and it was better to have a bigger role. Ray Wise, a great actor of character (see him deadlocked as well as the amazing role like Satan himself in WB show Reaper) and gets a small but good role as head of the Department of Public Safety and President of Babage. <br /> <br /> The film is not perfect despite the brilliant performances made by Cast Lead. It takes some liberties by really trying to make the movie more entertaining than education, but it is just a different angle not unlike the Nicholas Cage dud 8mm. The Flock takes you to the weak point of sex trafficking, kidnapping, trafficking, and more is just something to watch. It may not have been directed or written as it might have been, but I tell you that the Danes and Jair together make this film quite famous and really exciting. It's annoying, but it's not too complicated. Yet Gere's personality is so complex in many ways that it opens up a social stigma and makes you think of vigilance in many ways when you see people you're dealing with. I encourage you all to ignore bad reviews and see them yourself because they deserve scrutiny !! 8.5 / 10
