I asked for this movie because I am a new fan of Penin and wanted to see more of his works. First of all, his Irish accent is great. He got a strong ear accent, apparently. His behavior was wonderful, as usual. Aside from James Frein, I thought the film was good. The conflict in Northern Ireland has shown such chaos. Both sides are guilty of gross injustice, and men involved in the conflict are often too few to say what their circumstances are. <br /> <br /> It is also interesting to realize that not every man (or woman) assumes fighting for his own country, he really does * only * that. For example, when Kenny (James Freen) and Jenger (Ian Hart) ask why he "does so," Ginger can not come up with a morally acceptable answer. why? Because Ginger is not the noble cause of protecting his own or the rights of his fellow Protestants ... Ginger in it for fun in murder. It is full of blood lust and is the perfect job for someone like him. In such a conflict, there are men like Liam (John Lynch) who just want to live their daily lives and enjoy their families ... men who see all fighting as just more fighting. There are people like Kenny who generate leaders full of charisma, add fuel to the flames, or even go. Also, Kenny really believes in "reason". He believes that what he is doing will make a difference in the future ... This is a bit strange because his character looks very smart for everyone. But, like many other men who seem smart, he has absorbed the gang's lifestyle and does not realize it ... It's too late. Then there is Ginger, a pure psychiatrist who does not fight for any other reason, but because of the intense excitement that makes him in guerrilla warfare a valuable thing, some might argue. However, now, in this film, Ginger continued to appreciate its value and became a very dangerous cannon. <br /> <br /> Everything comes to boiling point, and as expected, the end is tragic. What makes this movie worth it is that this shows on both sides of this old conflict. Being American, I can not fully understand what each conflict is about. But I know there must be a better way. <br /> <br /> In general, a good acting film, influential ... but disturbing.
