"What is this longing in our hearts for teamwork? Is not this the sweetest flower? Is not this flower of love has a fragrant smell of fine, fine diamonds? Do not like wind dirt? Do not like anything other than what is unlikely, Alice Do not doubt your love, take your love by hand, free the power in yourself, hear me, unleash the force, conquer paradise with one intimate hug, that's right Do not be shy, take out everything you got and do it in your ass. By Leon Phelps "When Tim Meadows invented the playboy SNL, Leon Phelps, to hear his stunning and lively comments made me shiver. I've used the Clicks feature more than once, dear readers. <br /> <br /> So when the version of "The Ladies Man" appeared on the cable, I mumbled some of my comments and clicked again. But there comes the day, gray and miserable, when "there is nothing" on any of the 100+ channels ... sigh. Yes really ?? Have you encountered with all cable subscribers torment? Watch it or turn off the TV! There was Leon Phelps, smiling and ... making me laugh! what happened? Have you surrendered to Hollywood's "stupid sit-in"? Have you been desperate to avoid giving up my holy horse? The fact of the matter is that I love the "ladies' man" too much. The story of a vulgar playboy sipping cognac while mocking all forms of female contrasts with my feminist feelings. <br /> <br /> What began as a raw SNL series flourished in front of my eyes in a story about Leon and his consuming philosophy through life "helping people" to resolve sexual conflicts. "I'm Mother Teresa of Boning," says Julie (Karen Parsons), his longtime friend and producer of his show The Ladies Man. He is not joking. Leaving a series of broken hearts and angry spirits, Leon runs a bed and breakfast throughout Chicago. Doing so with such genuine goodwill is his calling card through life. <br /> <br /> We have the "expert in ways of love" who has declared himself, and is able to engage himself in a lot of problems with couples and friends. One of the rotting wives, Lance (Will Ferrell), forms the "Victims of Smile, USA" club, pledging to arrest Don Joan. "Yes, we will get revenge," he said, shouting to his friends, the number of dance stopped. <br /> <br /> Plus it is a pleasure to see Billy De Williams in the role of Leicester, the owner of the bar. The novelist is a smooth novel of Leon to find him a "beautiful thing" and a pile of money. (Where was he hiding?) But would I choose this film as my Valentine's Day option? Leon's search for easy life changes him in several profound ways - so much so that I had to give a reference to "the ladies' man." His dreams, at the end of the film, find real happiness with one woman, while still offering his exotic advice.
