Sometimes they are lucky and hit their hands (Wayne World, I and II). But they often have a game (Pat soon comes to mind). This time it's time for Tim Meadows as The Liddies Man. This film is located somewhere between a hit and a hit. It was very enjoyable during the first 20 minutes, but then, as usually happens with SNL plays, starts to slow down, before it finally ends, after a long period of time. <br /> <br /> Tim Meadows is a Leon Phelps DJ radio with a night program called The Ladies Man. It answers any and all questions about sex and relationships, usually in the widest way possible. Everything seems to finally come to an end. After pressing the station manager's buttons, Leon, along with his producer Julie Parsons, is expelled and needs to find another job. From random blue, a message comes from one of the former ladies. His letter of wealth and well-being for the rest of his life, the only problem is that the letter did not sign. So Leon needs to track down all the women he was with to find the woman of his dreams. But sometimes, as Billy De Williams says in the film, the woman of your dreams stands right in front of you. There is also a sub-plot about a group of men whose wives / girlfriends have all grown up with Leon, they first want to know who he is (through the tattoo he has on part of anatomy), and then kill him. This leads a bunch of men, surprise! Will Ferrell of SNL. First, I thought the sub-plot was somewhat lame. Singing and dancing were totally worthless. I usually liked Will Ferrell, but he did not click here before. The rest of the men were just shackles who had the markings, and in the end they decided to deceive their wives / girlfriends was their fault. So go back to the main story. The story revolves around Leon and sex. If you care, if you do not like Lyon, you will not like the movie. His voice, his behavior, and his dialogue is what holds the film. I'm not a big fan of Tim Meadows. I did not think he was a good representative on the SNL channel. The only thing I really liked was the women's actresses. But the best thing about these, is that they usually share the guest host (do you remember that with Cameron Diaz?), And they were short. For 5 minutes, they were very funny. Here, for 20 minutes, it's really funny. What I thought was good about the character in the film, is that he remained in character all the time. He never gave up wanting to get his character. So right at the end where there was this transformation, the current speech ever to relate things. Other than that, it was good to keep Lyon as Leon, and not change it to something less raw than it. There is not much substance to this film, if you can not guess. But as I said earlier, the beginning of the film found it very funny. Some real laughter loud moments, all revolve around sex and ruthlessness. The problem of course lies in this film, and most other side SNL shows, in that the characters are supposed to appear only for a few minutes at a time. It is very difficult to extend the idea to 80 minutes. Obviously, this difficulty is why they need the sub-scheme, because without it, the film will be less than an hour away. When it was good, it was good, but when it was not good, it should be boring. <br /> <br /> In general, The Ladies Man was not as bad as other SNL movies, but it was not as good as the others. There were some funny moments, the first 20 minutes were good, but the rest went on. There was an unnecessary sub-plot whose sole purpose was to lengthen the film. The bottom line is that if you love Tim Meadows and his character Leon Phelps, you'll be able to watch the movie. If it bothers you, do not even bother going. Unless you just want to see Tiffany Theissen in some beautiful clothes. <br /> <br />
