As it seems shallow, I have already accidentally delayed the barbarians several times just because the VHS cover (as well as the picture shown here on the site) looks unbelievably homely! Now I wish I had seen it earlier because the film is not so much gay? Just garbage, cheesy, campy and tremendous fun! It is almost inconceivable that Rogoiro Diodato, the director of "cannibals" for all people, was the man in charge of this comic criticism on famous fantasy films famous in Sword and Sandal, especially the films of Conan Schwarzenegger. The film begins with a wonderful type of "narrators from outside the screen", showing us on Ragneks. Their founders were trading at one time in the whole mountain of pure gold versus one powerful magic ruby ​​allowing them to travel freely and reach each country in the form of artists. In other words, the Ragneks are a bunch of circus freaks! Their joy suddenly ends when the greedy staff of the beautiful Renex catches Canary and constantly tries to discover the place of the shrimp. Meanwhile, as much as wasted time, the two orphans, Gore and Kuchik, are trained to become muscle fighters and ready to fight each other to death. Instead, they are fleeing and developing a plan to liberate their property. In fact, the plot is not as bad as I feared at the beginning, but is still made more fun by the beefcake brothers on the screen chemistry, non-crazy dialog boxes, and of course the absolutely high phantom monsters, like a dragon with wonderful monsters and nice eyes, kind of creature A zombie wolf that appears randomly to get out of the quagmire. The sound effects and wonderful make-up and our dear manager Deodato keeps the pace incredibly fast. The capabilities of barbaric brother representation are much better than I would expect, apart from the fact that one of them constantly produces the sounds of severe sneezing. The cast is superbly supportive as well. Eva Le Roy has never been more beautiful as a brilliant girl in Kara, Virginia Bryant is already charming like Richard Lynch on several occasions, and beautiful Shibha Alhani makes her first and only appearance in the film as an evil donut-style pussy (I'm joking you're not!). Last but not least, "The Barbarians" starred in Michael Perman's "Eyes in the Hills," as Dirtmaster infiltrates. I know the picture is more fragile than a promotional campaign on the rise and fall of the villagers, but the barbarians are already among the most prominent Italian exploits.
