LE GRAND VOYAGE is a nice miracle of the film, a work that has become more profound because of the scenario of the little writer / director Ismail Froukhi, which allows the landscapes of the story of the "road trip" and the progressive representation of stars Nicolas Casali and Mohamed Magd to carry the emotional impact of the film. Fergusi's vision is greatly enhanced by cinematography by Catele Gian (a sensitive combination of travel prospects for horizons and tightly illustrated portraits between characters) and the musical result of Fawzi Guerrego, who is able to preserve some beautiful themes throughout the film while honoring many local musical variations from Many countries have film surveys. <br /> <br /> Reza (Nicolas Casale) lives with his Muslim family in southern France, a young student with a Western friend who does not seem to follow the religious direction of his heritage. His elderly father (Muhammad Majd) decided that it was time to make Mecca and his inability to lead, asking Reza to refuse to abandon his personal needs to lead him to his final religious commitment. The two traveled in a fragile car to travel through France, Italy, Bulgaria, Croatia, Slovenia and Turkey to Saudi Arabia. Along the journey, Reza pleads with his father to visit some interesting sights, but his father still focuses on the purpose of the trip and leaves an annoying satisfaction to fight with his father's demands. On the pilgrimage, an old woman (Ghina Ognianova) clings to the two men and must eventually be abandoned by Reza, a Turkish man named Jacky Nercessian who directs the father / son pair but instead leads to separation by getting satisfaction. Drunkenness, disappearances, countless border patrol guards and customs agents who delay their progress for various reasons. Tensions between father and son escalate: Reza can not understand the importance of this pilgrimage is full of trials and accidents, and the father can not understand dissatisfaction with the satisfaction of the father's beliefs and religious needs. In the end, they arrive in Mecca, surrounded by hordes of pilgrims from all over the world, and the sense of the importance of the journey is overwhelming. The way the story draws to a close is rich in meanings. It took a religious pilgrimage to restore the gap between youth and aging, between the son and the father, and the challenge of religious values ​​and acceptance. <br /> <br /> The visual effect of this film is unusual - and more importantly, it seems that the camera is "talking" to capture the beauty of many stop points along the way without having to be enhanced with special effects. Nicolas Casale is a great actor (make sure to see his latest movies and show them now "The Grocer's Son"), which is the exact role that brings magic to this film. Another good film from the motion of the film, this is a brilliant story. Highly recommended. <br /> <br /> Grady is a runaway
