If you want to be naïve and courageous, you can point out that the opening of the Lancaster Royal Air Force bomber on May 2, 1945 is somewhat improbable because the German air defenses were alive like Adolf Hitler on that day, but this is not a movie It should be seen by a cynical audience and I think a personality literally killed in the final hours of the war adds to the influence. In fact, she must have survived the Second World War to appreciate the acumen, beauty and spirit of Powell and the masterpiece of Pressburger. Scenes of paradise are painful painful when seen today? Again, you should watch the context film when it was made. The Royal Air Force's RAF lost 58,000 men during the war, the same number that America lost in Vietnam. But in a shorter period and a much smaller group of active fighters, there are no atheists in a foxhole and I doubt that you have lost one of your relatives during the conflict. As reasonable. When the young pilot of Ricard Attenborough looks at the horror of the scene beneath him, many war heroes must weep publicly in this scene because they remember many lost comrades who did not survive the war. Also keep in mind that, despite the loss of several million people between 1939 and 1945, very few Germans seem to be passing through the rich gates. It is clear that the Nazis do not go to heaven <br /> <br /> The same plot where the young pilot Peter Carter, who was discussing his life before a heavenly court, did not appeal to me much. If not for the subtext, see "MATTER OR LIFE AND DEATH "A very political film and insight, lamenting the end of the British Empire because it is replaced by American ambitions. There are small things that show the film as being made by people who are aware of American history and culture. One is the racial mix of America, and to this day many Britons believe that the United States is overwhelmingly composed of Anglo-Saxon white Protestants, while in fact only 51% of Americans are "white Europeans." The film actually contains a scene in which many different races recognize "I am an American." Peter is ruled by Abraham Farlan, an Anglo-American who was the first revolutionary killed by British troops in the American War of Independence. For the "special relationship" between Britain and America - what is the special relationship? Powell and Pressburger know their history when it comes to Britain and America. They obviously know their future too <br /> <br /> So remember to watch this movie with some of your mind in the past and some of your mind at the moment. It's strange, beautiful, moving and intelligent, but most of all it's a movie that will never work if it's been produced in the past 40 years. Can you imagine if the story was set in 2003 and revolves around a British soldier killed in Iraq?
