After a "dirty shame", I never thought I would have seen another John Waters movie. This film was so bad that I was convinced that all his films would be like this. But when the DVD was reviewed in a popular magazine and said it was a great movie, I decided to try it anyway. Only two days later it was shown on television. I've used it out of curiosity, and now that I've seen it, I can tell you that "Pecker" is definitely much better than the "dirty shame". <br /> <br /> In this film, we see how the 'nobody' from Baltimore becomes an overnight sensation in the art world in New York. He is a sandwich shop employee who depicts his exotic family or the things he sees on the street as a hobby. When he keeps his first show in the store he works in, the owner notices that the owner of the pictures loves the pictures full of misery and strangeness. His pictures are sold at great prices, but when he sees his family, friends and strangers react to his success, he decides he will not return to New York, they will have to come to him if they want to see more of him. . They do it, but what they see there is more shocking than they could imagine ... <br /> <br /> It's not hard to see why I liked this movie more than just a "dirty shame." The first reason is that This film has a real story, this film really has what it says and is not meant to shock as many people as possible, the fact that they are making fun of the art world, which considers everything out of the ordinary as a shroud because they do not know the shape of reality. I think there are a lot of people who feel modern art this way, nobody understands why they are making such a fuss about it, but The second reason I liked this film was that this film had a much better performance in acting, I do not say that everything will look great, but at least the characters have some meaning thanks to the performances of different actors such as Edward Forlung and Christina Ricci ... <br /> <br /> In general this is not a great movie, but thanks to his criticism and some good jokes - which did not go too far - this is a fun film. I loved it more than just a "dirty shame". I give this movie 6.5 / 10.
