Before this little black and white, the subject of criminal rape was not at all sensitive to the American screen. There were a lot of these issues that Hollywood and production law were hiding in until the 1960s. So it's not surprising that it will take a small company like Ida Lupino's Filmmakers to raise the subject. The result is well intentioned but somewhat risky, which is not surprising because director Lobino was forced to work with code demands to release the film. <br /> <br /> Interestingly, the main problem with the Mala Powers in the wake of the attack is not how others might see it, but how they see themselves. It's a heavy load to carry. Will you be able to communicate with men again? Do they view it as "pampered goods" (after all, in 1950)? No wonder they run away rather than face these fears at home and at work, although family and friends generally support. In general, this first part is serious and well done. The chase is chased to pump some action into the plot, but then this is the movie - notice how the rotten neighbor failed to respond to the trumpet bell near the end of the chase. If these were the warning cries of Bowers instead, the lack of response from neighbors would have raised an interesting but complex issue. <br /> <br /> The second half has been largely given to the Act of Production in an emotional person by Reverend Ferguson (Todd Andrews). He (in the words of the phrase) "gives her the courage to face life again." There are some efforts to humanize it - is it Ann's dilemma or what he cares about most. However, his gentle presence and understanding comes like a very miracle and a bit of Hollywood. Fortunately, the usual Hollywood breakdown avoids the end by merely emphasizing the hope of finding a happy solution for Alan rather than certainty. <br /> <br /> Give Lupino plenty of credit to deal with the subject in the first place. In view of the overall results, I expect that they have dealt honestly with the subject as allowed to do so. I also expect that today's audience will find an interesting treatment to some extent because of the excellent Powers performance, which highlights the purely human drama. However, the film now works better as a document of his time, and what the cultural sergeant thought that day was appropriate for watching adults.
