I like this film. Director Michael Powell once said that the film was his favorite film, and that it was also mine. Powell and Brispiger devised a simple and wonderful story, the power of love against "existing forces." However, its deceit complicates the hypothesis "is it real or fake." Essentially, one can argue that it is merely a depiction of the effects of the war on a young man who was poeticly inclined during the Second World War. Or is it? The question was not answered in one way or another. In fact, never asked. This continual reduction is part of the film's appeal. <br /> <br /> Innovative photography and cinematography includes some subtle touches to the interests of filmmakers. For example, Pressburger has always wanted to produce a cinematic version of the Richard Straus Opera, Der Rosenkavalier, about the 18th-century aristocrat of Vienna. This is evident in the short interval in which the 71 commander, wearing all his colleagues, carries the rose (which shows silver in the sky). Enjoy high quality music. <br /> <br /> Each representation is first class - David Neven in his most beautiful form, with excellent support from veteran Roger Levey and the new relative Kim Hunter. But, in my opinion, the magic of the film comes from Marius Goring as commander of 71. He has so far had the most interesting role, filling all of his eyes with innocent eyes, which shines the film. It is unfortunate that some of the 71 Conductor scenes were left on the floor of the cutting room. It is also regrettable that Goring's comedy talents rarely see the film again, except for the wonderful videos from the 1950s television series The Scarlet Pimpernel. This is by far the most distinctive role in his film career. It is an ideal frustration for Neven's comfortable style, and his virtual prowess is very well contrasted with the seriousness of the other characters. Ironically, in the mid-1940s, Neven also starred against another celestial "messenger", played by Carrie Grant, at The Bishop's Wife. Their acting styles were so similar that I found the result boring, inert, and disappointing. As a remark, according to Powell, Goring strongly wanted to act as Peter Carter, where he initially refused to Conductor 71. It is a good thing he made and gave us a delightful picture. <br /> <br /> The movie, "commissioned" to calm strained relations between Britain and the United States, has overcome its point of view towards the end. But he is disarming in his gentle reminders of the horrors of war - the many losses, military and civilian, and the need to "continue" when faced with death. There is a clear lack of "enemies" of the Second World War in Paradise, but the civilians are shown out of the undefined. Powell and Pressburger could have been more explicit in their portrayal, but that was not necessary. The film may not have served its diplomatic purpose as expected, but its originality continues to inspire cinematographers and viewers on both sides of the Atlantic.
