Some unsuspecting films carry a message that resonates in the hours and days after viewing. This is the case for EL VIAJE DE CAROL, a beautiful film produced in 2002 from Spain based on the novel "A boca de noche" by Angel Garcia Roldan, who also adapted the book as a scenario. War and its consequences are not a new subject of film. But when war is played in the background as a driving force for developing characters (especially children) who must face the lives of adults affected by adult games, the result is different and more screening for the type of old films. <br /> <br /> Carol (Clara Lago) is a 12-year-old Hispanic young woman from New York who returns with her seriously ill mother Aurora (Maria Baranco) to her home in Aurora in 1938 at the height of the Spanish Civil War, His father Don Amalio (Alvaro de Luna) left him abandoned since the death of his wife. Robert Carroll's father (Temple Ben) is a fighter pilot who sided with the Republicans against Franco and seldom was with his family. Aurora has a past: she left her lover Alfonso (Alberto Jimenez) to marry Robert, and Alfonso married in turn from Aurora's sister Aurora Cold (Lucina Gill). Carol is an independent girl who is still far from everyone except her grandfather without Amaleo until she meets others in her age but not in her class: Tomecchi (Juan Jose Palesta) and his friends in the state of dissatisfaction Carol first, but with the development of events Carol and Tomish linked to what seemed to wake up from the first love. When Aurora dies because of her illness, Carol must live with Alfonso and Dolores and their daughter Blanca (Luna McGill), yet turn to her grandfather for support and to her best friend and teacher Maruga (Rosa Maria Sarda always radioactive) to understand the difference between classes and meaningless war Her which keeps her beloved father on her side. Through a series of incidents, Carole and Tomichi learn the cruelty of becoming adults and facing more shocks in a brief period of war than most of us experience in life. The end, though sad, is gratifying as Carol's journey to maturity has been completed. <br /> <br /> The film was shot in Galicia and Portugal, and contains some of the unusually impressive settings taken by the filmmaker Gonzalo F. The musical result is reinforced by Bingen Mendizábal. Director Emmanuel Uribe realizes the line separating the lament from the bathroom and, when he chooses to focus the story on the children concerned, makes a stronger statement about the futility and cruelty of the war. The actors are exceptional: the young are obviously Clara Lago and Juan Jose Ballista, but are supported by veteran actors in adult roles. This is visually stunning work with a permanent message and should find a much larger audience than it has been so far. Grady harp
