Did not Mystic Pizza win the Oscars for that year? This film has never had the chance to shoot, but maybe right now people can see why I feel this way when I leave the theater. "Wargames" just left me feeling similarly disturbed after leaving the theater, with the feeling that I was getting a glimpse of our future. History has shown that this is precisely what happened. <br /> <br /> Representatives of the pop culture in the 1980s represent Arnold Koznart: Arnold as Ben Richards, and the runaway fugitive offered the opportunity to "escape" for his freedom to play the game with the same title; Richard Dawson as Damon Gillian Ventura as Captain Freedom and co-wrestling Professor Tanaka as "Subzero", "both stalkers" who kill "running men". Even Mick Fleetwood (Mick) and Dwyzel Zaba (Stevie) appear, while "Future Dancers" are only Lakers. This movie screams "80s". The plot is a good excuse for action: Ben Richards is determined to prove his innocence, but he agrees that the man is running when he is told that his comrades will be released; instead, they join him as "racers". Maria Conchita Alonso as Amber Mendez is the standard by which Salma Hayek can be properly judged in the 1990s. <br /> <br /> The production value in the film was a bit poor, the lines were cheese, and (at that time), the plot seemed a bit elusive. I remember thinking when I was leaving the theater that we were definitely heading towards the movie, but who could see how far we went there and at what speed? If the Running Man is included in the TV directory, most people will assume it is just another realistic program that pays the envelope today. Government influence on the media has worsened, and angry American public opinion in the future, which surrenders all its freedoms for "national security", has become quite frightening. Arnold plays the role of Ben Richards brilliantly as one of the few remaining positions in the face of government tyranny that is fully prepared for the rest of the United States for a good TV interview and some gifts he presents to the public. <br /> <br /> The film was on its way to the top, perhaps even out of the slope for its time, but as with Back to the Future III, the "valley" that seemed to sink in 1987 was replaced by completed tracks in 2006 and Later, this film will sail in the future as one of the most prophetic films of our time. It is tragic, as with Wargames, that the Academy did not give this wonderful script the appreciation it deserves. "Serious" actors who act seriously may be winning while they are so busy that you want to win more Oscars, but that does not make them better than their "ordinary man" counterparts. <br /> <br /> Absolute must see.
