Arnold proved again in the 1980s that he was the king of the movement and one of the militants in this future film about a violent game showed that there was no contestant left. But as the tag line says Arnold did not play! The film begins in 2019, when the world economy collapsed due to lack of food and other important materials, and a totalitarian state emerged, controlling every aspect of life through television and a police state. It is the most popular game show The Running Man, where criminals are forced to survive against the "stalkers" who live to kill them. <br /> <br /> The film begins with Ben Richards (Arnold) leading a helicopter mission to monitor food riots in progress. His superiors ordered him to shoot them, refusing to expel him and throw him into prison, and at the same time slaughtering people without help. The government blames Richards for the "Bakersfield Butcher" massacre. Eighteen months later, Richards and two friends, William Laughlin (Cotto) and Harold Weiss (McIntyre) broke into a detention area where they worked. And their way into the underworld led by Michael (Mick Fleetwood). Mick quickly defines Richards as a "Bakersfield butcher" and refuses to help him, but his friend convinces him otherwise. They want him to join the resistance, but he prefers living with his brother and getting a job. Soon he found that his brother had been moved away to re-teach him and that a woman named Amber Mendez (Alonso) had taken his apartment. Knowing who he is will not help him, but he persuades her, but the police are harassed at the airport after they get rid of him. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, the running man is having trouble finding a good new blood for the pursuers out there to kill. Damon Killian (Dawson), the host, and one of the country's most powerful men, see Richards fleeing from footage and can get him for the show after his arrest. Richards refuses to play, Killian threatens to use his friends instead, so sign the contract. You will love this part. But soon found that they would join him too and make sure that Killian knew he would return. The contestants begin to get there through the regions and fight the memorable characters, pseudo-zero, Buzz Saw and many other people. Richards eventually joined by Amber, who doubted he was caught but was arrested and thrown into the game as well. They find together underground and go back to Killian and give them a goodbye. <br /> <br /> The man running is Arnold's last great movie in the 1980s. The film seems to have been based in part on Steven King's book of the same name. Some said the book was better. I'm sure he is not and I do not care anyway I liked the film. As in all Arnold movies, the representation is what you expect with classic linings from Arnold to Ventura and you get a couple. But without doubt Richard Dawson is the lead in this film. Being a real host of the show, he easily deceived himself and was able to create a character who was really cold-blooded. The entire movie itself is somewhat torn up on the game's programs and the older brother is watching you. Watch out for them poking fun and some old programs, "Boat Hate" and others. The cast was also impressive alongside Arnold, Cotto and Alonso, and did not forget Professor Toro Tanaka, Jim Brown, Ventura and Sevan I! With all this nonsense on reality TV, it's almost better off now, but I'm sure that Hollywood liberals will turn into a movie about "Evil Evil". The new DVD was mostly a poor extras cater to chasers being the only refundable. Some how ACLU managed to get some communism in the DVD which is a funny garbage should not be near Arnold's movie contains all things. Rowing! In general, for any of Arnold's fans, especially those of us who grew up in his 80s, you can not miss this. It's one of the first things I saw in the 1980s and it's still wonderful to this day. The future world and wonderful humor. Overall 10 out of 10 stars, definitely one of the best he has.
