Of all the Arnold films in the mid-1980s, she believed that the most relevant films today would be "The Man Who Runs". Awesome story and amazingly realistic reality TV has become crazy. It may have been elusive at the time but not so now. Not when you think about it. Currently, Reality TV shows the bottom of the barrel or is desperate to lift the tape. If the next thing is not as controversial as the other, it would be futile. How long will it be before we really see programs like The Running Man? How long before we have "court appointed court lawyers" or the Department of Justice's Entertainment Department? There is a lot of irony and intelligence in this film, which may have been missed in 1987, which is desperate to be seen again in view of the current state of television programs. <br /> <br /> The biggest message ever is "You're lying to me." It's no secret that the government and the media are working in peace processes, and the masses believe what the media tells them. Truth is, we can easily accept a brutal show like running in the near future, it's no secret that reality TV is not realistic, it's edited and remodeled before it's broadcast, and it's just what networks want to see. Although it differs from Stephen King's book (the ending is completely changed), the script corresponds to the Arne Growth formula Yes, he has a very large number of very evil elements and he says, "I will come back" (which he never said very often anyway, when you think about it) in the most ridiculous positions yet but still millions. In the role of Christopher Reeve or Dolph Lundgren in them (they were considered before Arne or not). <br /> <br /> The director is only Dave Strasky himself (Paul Michael Glaser) .This may not be artistic but still Strong enough to generate excitement and use it for bright neon colors gives everyone a wonderful look. Andrew Davis (not a particularly liked director) was accompanied by Glaser, though regardless of the director, but the film is still young with the feelings of the 1980s. <br /> <br /> First of all, the degree of Harold Faltermeyer (remember him?) is incredibly dated and steals the action scenes of any timeless integrity. The sense of fashion in the film is so exaggerated that it can not be convincingly set in the future. Apart from the sense of history, the only other thing that disturbs me is the gradual misdirection that reaches its climax. <br /> <br /> This new DVD is a million times better than the original version. Gone are the terrible letterbox image. In its place, there is a new high-resolution optical transmission 1.85: 1. The colors shine and come out of the screen literally. Dolby 5.1 EX and DTS ES are also amazing. There is constant use of surrounding channels for large impact and strong bass and strong bass. Definitely one of the best re-masters I've ever seen. Two interesting documentaries, a trailer and the "Meet the Stalkers" trick are included in this two-disc collection that comes in a stylish box.
