I'm still new to this kind of creamy, and the only one I've seen before I see this kind was the early and somewhat disappointing "London Eyes of the Dead", which did not quite inspire much hope for the rest of the genre in me. However, if you see this first, it would be as different as if the "Girls' College Crimes" were a strange and somewhat strange attempt; it's fun to watch and it's really hard to hate a film that has a lot of strange and wonderful ideas in the script and can pull it Elegantly. The film begins in the laboratory where a crazy scientist invented a new poisonous poison that kills his victim and makes him look as though he has died of a heart attack. This venom is used by the mysterious criminal mastermind who breaks ordinary criminals out of prison to carry out murders using this poison (and then make them back in prison). As the title suggests, it is a close college full of girls who provide most of the victims. There is also a mysterious monk wearing a red robe, sighing to break an eloquent neck. <br /> <br /> Of course, with such a conspiracy; this is not exactly a serious relationship and the director clearly knows that there is in the film a very strong scream, which augurs well with the plot. The fact that there are so many different aspects of the scheme unfortunately means that everything is not working smoothly; although this is not a big problem as things are kept well throughout the film and there is always enough to keep the audience interested. The atmosphere is fantastic and the color scheme on the screen is also wonderful. Of course, the film is based on the novel by Edgar Wallace. It is clear that the man has a great imagination; the sites are also superbly used, while the killer hideout does not serve any group of wild and exotic animals with any connection to the scheme, but it helps to give the film something extra. You can not predict a perfectly logical conclusion after all the things that happen in this film; but the reason for these killings is logical and is a satisfactory way for the film to peak. Overall, College Girl Killing is an excellent excellent puzzle flick which comes highly recommended!
