Brusik Gas, a murderer wearing a red clan suit and a white hood with a white sling, and the murder of schoolgirls at the hands of convicted convicts recruited by the mysterious mastermind who keeps his face hidden inside an office containing aquariums of turtles and fish. Inspectors at Scotland Yard, IJoachim Fuchsberger and President Siegfried Schürenberg certainly have their hands on this issue. It seems that everything is centered around student Ann Portland (Oskie Glass), who, at the age of 21, inherits a great deal of wealth. Targeted girls share a room with Anne, but the reason for their killing remains a mystery. The dormitory workers seem to be hiding somewhere, and some faculty members are falling prey to the murderer in the red monk's robe, talented enough to choke the throats of those who have been attacked with whips. A prisoner was assigned by a mysterious man to use the newly created poison gas that was created by a world killed at the beginning of the film during what was supposed to be a cash exchange for his creativity. It is a clever scheme where a driver, Greaves (Günter Meisner) meets with convicts (who are hiding in a barrel) and is assisted by a corrupt prison guard. He was blindfolded to the secret room of the mastermind, who gave him orders about who was being killed and how. The disclosure of this process is a top priority for Higgins and Mr. John because it will lead them to the truth they are looking for in relation to homicides and why they occur. Under suspicion, there is a director of a dormitory for girls, her author brother, an incredibly sweaty chemistry school, a gardener, and a banyaster. Some red herring until they are discarded, and throw the viewer with a ring at a time until the real mastermind is discovered. Features end multiple transformations. <br /> <br /> Among the Krimi movies I have seen, The Collegie GIRL MURDERS is the closest to giallo through its colorful killer, a twisted plot that produces many surprises and potential suspects, and harsh shenanigans between adults and girls' college. dormitory. I think you can also see the impact of James Bond on the film Krimi selected with the hideout of the evil mastermind with the crocodile opening (which is not used). The fake pistol of the Bible / Water, when opened, fires gas to the faces of the stunning victims, Graves Royce Royce, On the latches that cause the panels to darken the windows without revealing the passenger in the back seat, the prying holes used to spy on the girls in their rooms and while swimming. Many may regard Sir John as responsible for his shaky actions and how he often undermines Higgins' ability to reach the truth. (Perhaps he is making fun of the well-known British inspectors who are hurting the issue more than solving it.) I felt he used comedy, especially with his attempts To analyze suspects and potential victims, often misunderstand what was said to him. Higgins, using the skills that have been adopted during his years as an investigator, uses instead clues / facts, and Sir John often avoids as much as possible. A trend capable of a reliable Alfred Führer that keeps the speed of the flash at a nice speed, and a scenario full of interesting characters and mysterious content. The fact that many of the adults surrounding the dormitories are suspected, may be one of them whiping or calling shots behind the execution of murdered girls . I would say that this may be one of the best (if not the best) examples of this kind of creamy, because it keeps you guessing, and there is always something else .. The discovery that was finally discovered is an eye- .. and, until you get a literal disclosure of the real mastermind that pulls tendons to the top of everything).
