Hitokiri (which almost translates as "Assassination"), and / "Tenchu", which translates almost as "Divine Punishment" (Hideo Gosha) in its highest form. Do not miss this, or other Gosha Classics, Goyokin! Hitokiri is not only one of the best Gosha movies, it's one of the best "samurai / chambara" movies ever produced, and is probably one of the best Japanese movies ever exported. <br /> <br /> Be careful, all these complicated films may be a little hard to follow the details of the plot in Hitokiri for those who do not know the history of Japan in the 19th century. However, the basic human drama is clear and open to all viewers. According to Gosha, Hitokiri presents another variation on his traditional theme of "loyalty to the master of the individual" versus "doing the right thing". However, Gosha develops his favorite appearance with more complexity, so that he is really _ the film to be seen (along with Goyokin, of course). <br /> <br /> I suppose it collapses like this: if you want a simpler, more action-oriented picture, you may want to see Goyokin. However, if you want a more thoughtful, multi-layered (though grim) drama, look for this drama. Well, well, the historical background is a powerful power struggle among many different Samurai clans who are either (1) working on reform, keeping them, Tokugawa Shogunate, and (2) those who are trying The Emperor Meiji was installed as Japan's Supreme Governor, of course, those tribes that were working for Emperor Meiji were less interested in Japan's "reform" than ensuring that their clan had more power in the "New World Order." Paradoxically, the whole feudal system It has been formally abolished as one of the first reforms of the Meiji government Mlha more bitter.) <br /> <br /> What distinguishes "Hitokiri" from other movies Gosha is a mature sense for Gosha cinema. Each shot is carefully composed, and (like Barry Lyndon Kubrick), each frame of the film can maintain its fixed structure. Of course, this is a typical Gosha. Hitokiri has the right to have stunning backgrounds, including (as with Goyokin) many of the seascapes. Just watch the opening sequence, you're hooked! Make no mistake, this is not part of the English period: Hitokiri is very violent (you're probably not warned). <br /> <br /> What other things, except for the wonderful camera, that make Hitokiri prominent? The performances (for me) seem more accurate in this game. Katsu Shintaro (from Zatoichi / Hanzo the Razor fame) turns into a star performer while the protagonist is contested / against Aero, Okada Izu. Katsu was able to instill humanity into an almost animal-like character from the villain. Throughout the movie, you will never be sure whether you are engaged in the character of Okada. At the same time, Katsu's portrayal of Okada's bold hunger for respect, and his pathetic attempts at redemption later, seems so human that you can only feel empathy. Of course, after seeing Nakadai Tatsuya playing the torturing hero in the film "Goyokin", it is wonderful to see him playing such a cruel villain in the film "Hitokiri". It's perfect, there's nothing else to say! <br /> <br /> As a last note, perhaps more interesting than the fans of more than ordinary fans, do not miss the recent screen of Mishima Yukio (yes, gay closed) extreme right-wing writer committed suicide by Sebuku before a crowd of Japanese military personnel who "Kidnapped" in 1970, and had a film about his life and work Paul Schrader), which actually does a powerful job in portraying the honorable (to the murderer) Shinbi Tanaka.
