Pokemon hit the last theaters, and again, I hear the same age, "Pokemon died, Blah blah blah." Critics of the franchise can not be more wrong. Children are still playing the game of cards and are still watching the TV series, waiting for Game Boy Advance games, and they want to see "Pokemon the 4th Movie." <br /> <br /> This said, "Pokemon Movie IV" offers us two of the "legendary Pokemon": Suicune, "North Wind" of science, Sylby, Jungle keeper (and star show). Selby and 40-year-old Sam are moving to the present day, with the Pokemon Ashe coach, his faithful Pikachu and his friends Brock and Misty traveling through Yohto. Sam and Ash quickly became friends, once they discovered the mutual love of others for Pokemon (Sam's old Pokeball game was a great moment). Together they decided to protect Selby from the villain of the story, a client of the Rockett team who called him "Fish", a hell-bent on seizing Selby for his own purposes. Will Ash Sam be able to protect Selby from evil dark balls? Where does Suicune fit into the picture? Will Jesse, James and Moa contain bigger parts of this film than before? And who is Sam, really? <br /> <br /> As with the first 3 movies, if you go to the movie to decide that you will hate it automatically regardless of the reason simply because it is Pokemon (or just because your son / sister / your nephew / younger brother etc. That may be, but the blind trash "Pokemon The 4th Movie" just because it's a Pokemon movie, especially without seeing it, is just stupid, so that even fans can enjoy this movie without having to know I do not say that you will become a Pokemon fan because of this movie, but you can actually enjoy it, if you allow yourself. The first 3 Pokemon movies, "Pokemon IV is distributed" by Miramax, which I heard also works to secure the rights of Pokemon V, which was introduced last summer in Japan Miramax claims to have some strong marketing strategies for "Pokemon The 4th Movie "But all I have seen so far is a weak limited version, which does not include the usual Pikachu at first, which I was really looking forward to this time." I hope Miramax sees fit to put Pikachu in short, named "Hide-and-Seek of Pikachu" , At least a DVD / VHS version, if not with a broader version of "Pokemon The 4th Movie" in the future. I hope the current release is just the tip of the iceberg for this very interesting film.
