The late 1930s and early 1940s were a golden age for adventure films, with budgets rising during the economic boom, and changes in entertainment on the screen since the law of production became applicable and general optimism was not forgotten at the time. While most of these people used cockroaches for the superhuman, often frank, manifestation of heart disease, such as Errol Flynn and Tyrone Power, Gunga Deen differed greatly in their concentration, scope and tone. <br /> <br /> The secret part of Gunga Din is the division of work in the writing team. The original story is written by Ben Hesht and Charles MacArthur, two of the most skilled and celebrated writers of the golden Hollywood era. However, the actual scenario was the work of Joel Sayer and Fred Joel, both of whom, especially Giul, had a background in comedy. What we got from these four is a balanced and attractive plot, but cleverly imbued with comic touches. Most of the adventurous clicks at this time were at least a partial comedy, usually involving one or two players supporting comic relief, but they did not use laughter as do Gonga Dean. Here, all the main characters are able to be beings or creators of jokes. We see a vicious threat to the bad guys spreading suddenly as the scene turns into a lukewarm quarrel. The first major scene of the battle is a combination of action and non-biased hatred, in the silent gaming style of Douglas Fairbanks, the father, something that Flint and Bauer failed to replicate. Towards the middle of Gunga Din, the movement must necessarily take a break, and there are plenty of enthusiastic scenes for the plot. But the continuing invasions in the comedy? Such as the punch routine rose? Make this "slow" part possible. <br /> <br /> Producer and director George Stevens was natural when it came to this kind of thing. He himself cut his teeth in the Hull Rush studio and almost had a comedy almost exclusively to this point. This was the first feature of the entire movement, and it does an amazingly good job. In particular, the use of animated footage from a point of view makes battle scenes very exhilarating. It also brings something rarely seen in the images of the movement of this age feeling real panic and fear. This has been set up with those glittering mountains full of dominance dominating many shots and dwarfing characters. Photography of the abandoned village and Thugi culture shouting from "Cali!" Really chasing. This dimension of fear plays in all the other emotions that work here, causing us concern about these beloved characters, and makes comedy lessen the tension. <br /> <br /> There is a real touch of genius in the way the hero is presented as a public name. We are aware of a visual religion, because it is prominent in a number of scenes before any of the characters speak or refer to it verbally. For this reason, the impression is given that Dean is not an important figure within the regiment, but he soon becomes a prominent figure for us, a very sympathetic figure, as we see him risking his life and giving water to the dead men. <br /> <br /> But the best efforts made by writers and directors are all without a capable crew. Do not be afraid, because Gonga Deen has a first class! Victor McGlagen and Carrie Grant were perfectly suited to the material, where their best roles were generally found somewhere on the spectrum between drama and comedy. The grant in particular is at its best, highly believable, but only occasionally they break into that dickey and above which it represents its brand. Douglas Fairbanks, Jr. is not the level of his heavyweight companions, but it is not bad at all. Of course there is Sam Jaffe, who is cursed by his appearance to play forever these vile little trivialities, but who can play with this dignity and humanity? I did not snoop on the adventures of Errol Flynn and Tyrone Power Adventure, and many of their classic classic images loved them perfectly. But Gunga Din does things he could not achieve even the best he could ever achieve. Not only does it dispense with vulgar lead or vulgar vulgar vulgarity, it successfully integrates the type of movement with comedy and affection, in a way that has done little before or after. This is fantastic.
