I did not know for a while in my youth all I could ever know about this film, but the ways of making the film were not what really caught my attention. What made this animated picture one of the most popular movies I loved even for this was the day I saw it Of the heroines, courage and honor who served in Her Majesty's service. This film is not always as it may be, but I can not say enough to the courage shown by Sgt. Kater in defense of The Uniform that he sacrificed his life to save them from the threat they and troops posed to the threat of this huge group. <br /> <br /> Be sure of Sgt. Cutter is the type of individual you might suggest something about and then you see this frank belief not only among themselves but in Her Majesty the Queen of England. I think that despite all his appetite for money, that character was wonderful. A courageous brave brave soldier did not know fear. I think Grant was excellent in this role, and he really was very capable of presenting a uniformed uniform wearing the uniform he wore. I never felt that Ballantine was a shoe, in fact there was a lot of confidence in the assumptions that you might not look forward to closing because it is still just a picture. What do you mean? This picture is still a moving picture, like the times when these events occur, and when the picture is actually presented, take a look at how things are done afterwards, why or why there are so many different opinions about this movie that will distract you. Both Ballantine and MaChesney are equally dedicated to the two men from time to time. The time that provides bold unspeakable in terms of jobs like men in the service of Her Majesty. These three things seem to bring things up fairly well, and I think it's a useful and enjoyable interval when Balantin has an appointment with destiny or seems to be just as fateful as if you were intervening. Is it reasonable? I do not know. I think it is very appropriate for the company to escape from the clutches of Tantrapur and that they are tugging their tails as they approach gates to the Avowagies Post when they allow others to know that they will leave the service, get married and engage in tea activity. Machinisen says he can register for another 9 years. A man will come out of it. I like this feeling. <br /> <br /> I do not think there is any doubt about what it means to have courageous, brave and dependable soldiers who represent your best interests. Where this end, in fact may never happen end. These interests are in a good position as it is important in this world that I enjoy this picture today as much as I enjoyed the picture when I was 10 years old. I never knew the truth of this film until recently when I entered history and found information about Cali. There are many things to learn, but once everyone has said and done about the historical importance of the Kali goddess, this animated image takes a quality that is referred to as intelligence. It is a very sincere attempt to convey faith in it. What is attempted. I think this is a wonderful film. George Stevens directed. <br /> <br /> There are some elements that you should be aware of, I do not think all the information will go on with history but when the journalist has been dealing with things that Mr.Kipling is talking about where things can become very emotional because All the rest of the characters but this is Rudyard Kipling? George Stevens has crossed the summit to the time and time these events actually took place. The information is fair and attractive and will not only draw you but you will need to understand why we love Jonja Dean. There is a distance where the watch black watch is in the foreground and it approaches the maximum risk and potential defeat unless the troops can be warned. Seriously injured and restrained by the maltreatment as well as MaChesney.Din deep wound in the base of his back as a result of a deep bayonet thrust in his body from the back is a requirement of the need to warn the Colonel of impending danger with an effort that deserves our most desire in this life period, Which is located on top of the temple of Tuggee. The sound of the Gunga Denz horns allows the warning of the near-military. A large-scale battle faded and the enemy was eliminated. It is a position so full and tense that Gonda Deen is dead on a pile of rocks that his body is full of bullets, says the soldier sergeant. No more dramatic moment and no one learns the meaning of sacrifice when troops are warned of imminent danger. <br /> <br /> The end is far from being anti-climate, it's the knowledge of who is Gonga Deen and what does it mean? Now to honorable men who wear military uniforms and who would like to sacrifice for it. Blantin knows his heart and asks the colonel to take care of his recruiting papers, making MaChesney quite happy that the colonel is honest and puts the recruiting papers in his pocket to deal with them perhaps at a more appropriate time. "We have done enough soldiers for a long day and other comments about how pleased he is with the defense efforts," said the colonel, where everyone now meets. McClellan says he would prefer the colonel to get the Blumen Medal here. This is a very realistic point and then comes to Din.Now here is a man who has not actually put it so I'm going to appoint his master and his name will be written on the rolls of our esteemed mutana. A poem I have read as if Kepling himself was made by the graveyard with the colonel and the rest of the men. Gong Dean Bravo!
