I would like to award this movie 10/10, but in its current state, I can only reach 8/10 tops. Editing beyond the code (read: destroy) requires a two-point reduction. <br /> <br /> Through my very limited knowledge of the history of the film, Baby Face appeared to be one of two films that broke the camels in the end again and brought full anger and the application of the Production Act into effect in 1934. (I do not know what the other movie is) .) As a result, the film was never allowed to be re-launched in its original incarnation after 1934. It was cut and edited into small pieces, and there is no original copy today. The best thing we can see today is the release of TCM (Turner Classic), but it is brilliantly edited in many scenes and has a really disappointing "happy ending" that was finally put on the table. <br /> <br /> All of the above, the movie is still wonderful and very enjoyable to watch. Barbara Stanwyck, as always, is amazing and very fascinating. It is very beautiful and powerful. She just owns the whole movie! She plays the role of women that men have used throughout her life, ranging from her father, who directs her to local Erie workers, PA steel workers, and local politicians in exchange for "If you do not close speakeasy I will let you sleep with my daughter. From the beginning of the click, the smile on Stanwyck's face is priceless. <br /> <br /> After the fire, Stanwyck Erie leaves with her maid and heads for New York City. Staff Clerk in HR, sleep with him to get m From there, you sleep with one man after another (including very little John Win) using every new man to help her get a higher paid job on a higher floor than the skyscraper, with increasingly powerful male heads with parents Sugar Stanwyck stops at anything up to the top It is very interesting to see her and her maid wearing more and more fun clothes and flats, while Stanwyck is making her way in the corporate ladder. Stanwyck is fatale and eventually femme, manipulation, is alopecia in this the dust! If you watch this movie, I recommend stopping when you see the character of George Brent (Cortland Trainholme) die by the arms of Stanwyck. Skip 3 minutes remaining or so! The "Happy End" shown on the end of the film to the post-code crowd is an insult to the public's intelligence and an unbelievable lame: the board members sit at a table revealing Mr. and Mrs. Trinholm's donation of $ 1 million to the bank and how they live happily but are poor in Erie, With former VP Trenholm now working in steel mills - cut into the same minute shots of the steel factory we saw at the beginning of the film - "The End". PUH-LEEZE - How lame! The film ended with the success of George Brent in his suicide attempt. I think the finish fits the overall mood of the film much better than slapping at the end of the zip. <br /> <br /> I certainly hope that a copy of the previous version of this original code will be discovered during this lifetime (update: original version found and must be on DVD and / or TCM in 2006!). Until then, I'll enjoy TCM and turn it off before the end of the next character.
