The Baby Face version of 1933 will provide an ideal introduction to a joint seminar on sexual harassment. Lili Bowers, who is taught by a professor at the Nitzaniz School, is moving from a life of easy virtue when her father talks to a corporate ladder in a big bank. Since every degree in the ladder is executive and his mind is down his belt and his morality is confined to a vault, there is no victim of the film, except for the childhood of Laila, which was destroyed by the abusive exploitative father. The destructive relationship with her father indicates the latent impulse of Lily to use men to advance without regard to their fate. While Laila is cynical and clear in her approach, the men she targets are willingly betraying their wives and fiancés to trade jobs with sex. The bank's failure in the 1930s may have been due to the economy less than corrupt and morally corrupt executives who were dismissed by ambitious women. <br /> <br /> The plot moves quickly, and the camera moves from one window to another in the front of the office building as Laila climbs higher than ever before. Barbara Stanwyck was revealing difficult roles, and she is at the top here. Do not interfere when you are ready to climb the next level. Only her African American boyfriend, Chico, receives Lily's passion, trust and loyalty. In the most enlightened times, the pure natural beauty of Teresa Harris, who plays the role of Chico, has pushed men to throw fur and pithos on them. Stanwyck often appears excessively and intensively compared to Harris. However, despite Stanwyck's strong behavior, clear tactics and artificial visions, she was able to leave a group of rogue and seduced men, including Douglas Dombrell, Donald Cook and John Wayne. <br /> <br /> Baby Bibi's favorite version is 76 minutes. The edited version of the film is ashamed of the harsh facts that the long story takes back and makes clear. Perhaps Darrell Zanuk, who wrote the story under the assumed name, meant a lesson by quoting from Nitzzi, whose views on women were controversial. However, despite the lectures and advice offered by Alphonse Etier not to defeat life, it is likely that Leila's capture of power and money is more indebted to her upbringing and to her father than to her teacher. However, philosophy is nothing but distraction. Short, fast paced, and entertaining, the "child's face" is contemporary in its morals such as "Wall Street." Alternative Gordon Gekko for Nietszche, Lily can declare that her guiding philosophy is "greed is good."
