This is one pre-master movie? From the director who later filmed JOLSON STORY (1946), and also by the science fiction INVASION USAA. (1952)! ?? It features one of the earliest roles of Barbara Stanwyck. <br /> <br /> It's backed by a great team of outstanding actors and performers today? George Brent, Douglas Dumbrell, Edward Van Sloan, Nat Pendleton and John Wayne (at some point addressing Stanwick with the honorary title, derived from a popular song that is constantly heard all the time) in the previous category; and finally Robert Barrett (as Stannwick's father and Donald Cook) ), Arthur Hull (as a hard politician) and Henry Colker (in his capacity as chief cook and his legal father, who Stanwick also lures.) Strangely enough, the scenes in which Walter Brennan appeared were omitted Later upon his request when the film encountered a problem with censorship! <br /> <br /> A loud boiling dialogue and Anton Grut's realist groups incite the narrative and contain unexpected references from Nichhan's philosophy fueled by the heroine of our small town by the intellectual Etier (Stanoyak complains to him early on that it is not "fireball" "Which contradicts, of course, her later comedy? Directed by Howard Hooks and co-starring Gary Cooper ?? by that name!) Under the patronage of Etier, she quickly bloomed into a heartless character and decided that nothing stood in her way To success. The symbolic sketch of her appearance in the New York company, which she used in the end with a similar fantasy? The lust of an ambitious man of power? In Sergei Eisenstein in October (1927)! Socially, it is also interesting that Stanwyck is constantly looking at her neck for her server / black companion. <br /> <br /> The first two-thirds of the film are wonderful; at first, the last stages were somewhat disappointing? Because I was expecting to see Stanwyck get cooled by falling into the late George Brent character while ignoring it ?? But, like others, it is soon to mantra! In the second show, however, felt this side less tense? Because it is clear that Stanwyck was influenced by the two things that her egoistic behavior caused, and that her term in Paris had eased it (even if she tried to cling to her hard-earned wealth for as long as possible). <br /> <br /> The movie was released on Warners DVD as part of the FORBIDDEN Hollywood VOLUME 1 series, the film was presented in two amazingly different edits? A recently released version and a Tamer version. Among the big pieces cut off from the latter is the dialogue about Stanoyak's life as a vagrant from the age of 14 years (although he heard in the companion section!), While many other scenes (ie, content censorship) were shortened: The scene in which Dumbrille was surprised by Stanwyck by Cook; the shooting, followed by suicide (I heard only the shots in the shorter version); Stanoyk thinks of her invasions during the operation of the phonograph Again, Brent appears only in the version that has been released to the theaters), etc. So. The last tha, then, uses alternative alternate for some scenes ?? It includes a snapshot of the founding of the lost city from the longer version; however, we also got a clearly happy ending (a pre-release version is suddenly released in a very effective open letter) and a similarly unconvincing warning message from Ethier to Stanwyck in New York The function basically replaced all references to Nietzsche!
