"Baby Face" is a primitive melodrama starring Shabtai Barbara Stanwyck, George Brent, who is almost unrecognized, and Teresa Harris. It comes to a girl who goes to the city to do good ... or I must say it is time. Stanwyck's father had been playing it for one reason or another throughout her life in the filthy Erie, Pennsylvania. After her father's death, an older father who knows what she is going through and takes care of her future really advises to go to the big city and take advantage of the opportunities there - not the easy opportunities - and take the highway in life. (I noticed that I saw the censored version and did not cut it - this part of the film was re-designed.) She and Chico (Harris) moved to New York where Lily (alias: Baby Face) decided to be a smoother way and get it where she wanted to You go much faster. In the most famous scene in the film, the camera moves us up the corporate ladder by moving us from the ground to the ground while Leila sleeps on the way to the top. Finally, the big man was rotting himself, and she was able to leave her daily work. Following the problem, it soon became involved in a huge scandal. <br /> <br /> Stanwyck wears a lot of make-up, and for most of the film, she is cool as an option because she sings man after man without any remorse, and is wonderful in playing the innocent victim. In one scene, she sits staring at the king's ransom in jewelry while wearing a black dress that seems to be decorated with diamonds on top. Then ask Chico about another case, filled with more jewelry, plus securities. Throughout each working day. <br /> <br /> Teresa Harris was an interesting talent - she was either insulted or humiliated, and was a singer and dancer as well. Here, she sings or refutes the theme of the film, "Woman of St. Louis" all the time. She worked in dozens of films literally and is very good here as a friend of Stanwyck, and her best work was in the prewar era. As a strange byproduct of code, blacks were often given less to do in movies after they were put in place. <br /> <br /> Precode movies can be more sexually explicit, and therefore, although they are 70 or older, they seem more modern. Although these films did not have moral ends, Baby Face learns how life looks after all. There were several ends to this film, with all the same message. A scene I saw was added, but there seem to be two more ends that have not been censored. (There was no code but there was always censorship.) Anyway, it's a neat surprise. "Baby Face" is an important movie in the history of the film - you should see.
