I will review the two films as a whole because I feel that this is what I should consider, and watch it. When I talk about "movie", I talk about parts 1 and 2 together when I watch one after the other, as it should be. <br /> <br /> Thank you John Anderson, Stephen Soderberg and Benicio Del Toro. This film is refreshing, bold, courageous and true. He is hearing a new approach in filmmaking. No Fu drama. There is no swollen sound track. Fu is not a documentary style. Just clean shots and try to stick to the facts. I read John Anderson's film Che Guevara: Revolutionary Life, and I recently finished Fidel's life, which helped my ability to absorb this film correctly. But I have to say that John Anderson's comprehensive and comprehensive penultimate and brilliant biography is what gave this film the proper historical backbone. Anderson was an adviser in this film (or both). What makes this film a real thing is that it is clean. No music swelling or slow motion photography to increase the drama, more importantly; no fake documentary camera fragile. Just square shots and shooting style straight forward. The type of camera used makes you really feel in the woods. Benicio Del Toro should give the full accolades to this, I never doubted being a chi throughout the film ... and not once. He has done a wonderful job and will respect him forever for this purpose. Some people complain that the film deals only with two segments of his life, not all. But I think this is one of the real beautiful aspects of this film: it does not try to be everything. Do not try to "tell the story". A person's life is so multifaceted that you do not try it in 2, 4, 8, 16 or 32 hours. This is one of the beautiful beauty of this film, it resists this temptation, and remains focused on the purpose of allowing us to have a sense of vitality, sophisticated military actions, and forces around it. It focuses on 3 segments of time: the battle to cast Batista, the Che speech at the United Nations and the gorilla settings in Bolivia. "Motorcycle Diary" told his young side, I salute S. Soderbergh to focus on other aspects instead. I still refer to John Anderson's book and the film remains true. The only weak link for me is molding (not performing) Matt Matton. In a film full of life, the American (Matt Damon), who plays a Bolivian role in a high-heeled stretch - was good, but after much interest in this choice, the site was exaggerated. Small and completely tolerant. The fact that the rest of the actors give you, especially the amazing Benicio Del Toro, puts this film on top of my list. <br /> <br /> The fact that this film goes straight to the video says something about how the cold war ethic that will never allow the "revolutionary Cuba" to become what it might be, still keeps its story quiet . If it is not muffled, it is among the implications of the propaganda that has been properly implemented and that has influenced the subject. <br /> <br /> This is a movie to watch, and "John Guevara: Revolutionary Life" is a "must" film. You should read if you want to begin to understand the early influences on the global mindset regarding the expansion of international / political chess moves in the 1940s, '50s and' 60s, which put unfair pressure on our neighbors in South America, and the implications they have strengthened.
