It is probably the brightest thing in Che: The second part, as we begin to integrate it with the first part of our minds, is that there is no explanation why Chi chose to disappear from Cuba after the revolution and did not hint at his experience in the Congo. Why he chose Bolivia as his post-coup location, and did not hint at the political decisions he made when he was a young motorcyclist throughout South America, which Walter Salis gave him a prominent connection. An extraordinary focus is placed on Che's meeting with the volunteers accompanying his guerrilla factions. However, hardly any effort is made on their own as individuals, to establish relevant relationships. It is unreasonably unreasonable. Che leads an unbreakable doctrine of not leaving anyone behind, but there is no sense that he is deeply concerned with his men. This is understandable. <br /> <br /> In the first part, in Cuba, rebels are welcomed by villagers, who receive food and cover, and are supported as they grow up to be victorious. Here, in Bolivia, there is not much clear understanding. The villagers exposed it. They protect government forces, not his troops. When presented on one side of the government's medical system, his audience seems uninterested. You can not lead a people to the revolution if they do not want to comply. Soderberg shows US military advisers working with the Bolivians, but he does not mistake the United States for the collapse of Chi. Che seems to have failed in his battle and the place he wanted to get. <br /> <br /> In presenting the two wars, Soderberg does not build combat scenes as actions with specific results. Chi men attack and attack. They exchanged fire with the faraway attackers. There are generally pieces of the group in a shake of the fighting, and the death toll has not been stopped. This is not a war movie. It is about a reasonable drive to one man to carry. There is no detailed cinematography. Soderbergh looks resolutely at Chi's inflexible devotion. There are great sporadic footage, but being a few, they are more powerful, like a POV shot during the last strikes. There is an abundance of terrain, where these men live for weeks at a time, the impact that consumes a lot is weak, and Guevara himself suffers from malaria part of the time. <br /> <br /> Benicio Del Toro, one of the film's producers, gives hero performance, not least because he is humble. He was not portrayed as a vanguard like most epic heroes. In Cuba, arises in the conquest, in Bolivia, in the opposite direction, sometimes it is difficult to distinguish in reality behind a set of beard and hair. Del Toro does not clarify identity as much as it is a position. You may think the film is too long. I think there is a real reason to expand it. Guevara's affairs in Cuba, and in particular Bolivia, were not a series of rings and drawings, but a pledge of staying in power could actually be called crazy. In the end, Che is considered as a whole or in part a commercial film with small balls, where his director begins to understand and gradually work within the limits inherent in cinematic biography.
