The second part, formerly known as GUERILLA, is also a wonderful achievement but not as entertaining as the first part because this is where we began to witness what may have been the cause of the death and death of Che Guevara. Again, I admire the cause and effect of both parts of their interconnected stories. We are repeatedly reminded that the main character, Che Guevara is Argentinian. Some men in Fidel's army chose not to take orders from an alien and now that Chi has chosen to leave the rest of victory to continue the revolution in Bolivia, he is not much respected by his new army and its indigenous people also, just because he is an alien. <br /> <br /> As far as technical matters are concerned, I think the second part could have been more useful above all, just after the map is displayed, it will show some highlights from the previous batch just to update memory about its characters and what Put it to work, to make the public understand why his methods were successful in Cuba but they do not work in Bolivia. It is now clear in this part that Chi is not an attractive figure like Fidel Castro. In Bolivia, he deals with a group of soldiers whose hearts are not integrated. It is said that the revolutionary component is love. Well, they do not give much about their country so it is a difficult sale. It is very painful and it is difficult for Chi to make others share his vision. <br /> <br /> I like a certain scene that shows the degraded state of Che, a scene where his horse will not come out, no matter what bad thing he tries to direct, and then he takes his nerves better than him and for a moment there forgets that he is a doctor and becomes this desperate soldier who stabs his horse. His army is like a horse that does not want to drive. But at the same time, the film continues, relying on small bits of familiar faces that you'll only know for short entertainment, and often left and right are blocked one by one, but maybe that's the intention of the second part, if so .. Works definitely. Stand up to the cinematic cinematography that gives us the first glimpse of Che's last breath. This film may not answer the question of why Che Guevara was so stubborn, and why he was so determined that he could pull him out even when the odds were against him and why he wanted South America to have the same fate as Cuba, but the film CHE is worth telling.
