It surprises me that I have already got the courage to see vital flicks or clicks "Che: Parts 1 & 2". why? Because if my Cuban Cuban parents discover that I have seen this film about this despicable mass murderer of the Cuban revolution, I will build on life. Hey waited? I am an adult, they can not raise me without diamonds. Director Steven Soderberg, a beginner and commie (sorry Stephen, but I had to take Soder's photos here) divides the film into two parts about the revolutionary life of commander Ernesto "Che" Guevara. "Che: Part 1" shows how Che joined in the mid-1950s to Fidel Castro's guerrilla team in their revolutionary quest to topple the regime of Cuban President Volgencio Batista; what we all know was a revolutionary success for them, but it was a colossal gang disaster for many Cubans during its revolution In communism. "Che: Part 2" Che shows up as he tries to revolutionize the T-Shirt by promoting shirts with the dreaded twisted face of T-Shirt manufacturers. Well, I'm talking a lot about crap in your way! I meant to say that "Che: Part 2" focuses on Che in the late 1960s in an attempt to bring back the revolution, this time to Bolivia, stricken by poverty, but with very different results. In fact, he ended up being Che when he was captured and killed by the Bolivian militias in 1967. Soderberg does not include the time between these two cases in Che's life when he led the La Cabana prison fortress in Cuba, where he killed collectively many Cubans who Opposing Communism I think Soderberg was unjustly executed by not showing audiences how geevara was really ugly. I decided to see "Che" in the hope that Soderbergh would not make him shine, but rather he was really distressed. Soderberg did not do the latter and sadly decided to present Guevara as a revolutionary hero, which he did not. He was a sick man thanking God and may now be at the bottom of the Devil's barrel. Now, I must objectively recreate the scenes and must acknowledge that Benicio Del Toro's performance Chi is very leader, worthy of merit. And that Damien Beecher was a haunted assassin like Fidel Castro in his meticulous performance. But the rest of Che's team consisted mainly of modest performances by actors portraying guerrillas. Just as I was impressed by the death of Damon, why did Soderberg throw him into the revolutionary mix in a Spanish-speaking veil depicting a delegate of Bolivia? Soderberg did not have to present this biography, which is often "too much and not enough" in 4 hours 30 minutes. We had a lot of chi already, even after his death with those funny shirts, so why give us more of it? But I think that when you have a Del Toro from the horns (as Steven did here), I think it's a blessing to save you from not fully implementing "Che: Parts 1 & 2". *** Rate
