I came to watch guerrilla warfare, the second part of Stephen Soderbergh's biography of Che Guevara, without seeing the previous film and without more than a quick knowledge of Chi's life. At the same time I was somewhat concerned that this would be a lesson in heavy history and a book of unrepentant love for the Iconic Revolution. As it turned out, this film far exceeded my expectations. <br /> <br /> Guerrilla warfare works well as an independent film. The story of Chi's failed attempt to lead a revolution in Bolivia, then under military rule, is a convincing tragedy. The initial momentum of the concealment when Che arrived to lead the guerrilla war was lost by the misfortune that followed the misfortune. The possibilities pile up against the rebels. US support for the Bolivian army, hostile conditions in the rainforest, suspicious local populations, and Chi's health failure are some of the difficulties facing the newborn insurgency. <br /> <br /> Soderbergh's portrayal of Chi is largely unimportant, but this film is not hagiography. The elegance is not impressive, with subtle and effective pictorial music of Alberto Iglesias adding a quiet drama to many scenes. There is no doubt that Chi is the center of the film, but there are very few people close to him, and we encourage us to see people fighting alongside him and sometimes against him as well. Soderbergh wants to show the virtues of Che, seen in small circles like the Savior, who rises up against two guerrilla comrades when he questions Chi's leadership, and confirms his sacrifice to leave behind Cuba to fight for the revolution. <br /> <br /> The trend around is fantastic. The second part feels that it has been loosely edited despite its narrow focus, and is capable of delivering a lot of images without having to tell the audience. At the beginning of the film, we see some short passages of post-revolutionist parties in Cuba that immediately give us ideas about why Che sacrificed his old life to fight again in another country. Later, the image of guerrillas walking through endless rainforests emerges as a beautiful and stunning scene and helps to create a sense of the enormity of the task for this small group of revolutionaries. <br /> <br /> The problem in the film is the distance between scenes and chi, which, while allowing us to appreciate the context of the insurgency and the people surrounding it, make it difficult for us to understand it better as a person. Is Benicio del Toro fully convinced of the leading role? So hard to remember that you see a representative and not the man himself. However, watching guerrilla as a stand-alone film means that we have acquired a precious little insight into what constitutes Chi's ideas, words and actions. Hopefully this is in the foreground in the first part of Soderberg's biography (I can not comment on it yet), and certainly the strength of the second part makes me eagerly look forward to seeing the Brikwell.
