I sat on my side Chi last night, I went back with a short bath break, and I can not remember when 4 hours passed so fast. I had to astonish myself for a week in advance because I have a real "thing" about the directors, producers and editors who continue to collapse, along a long epic before us and generally feel that, 2.5 to 2.5 hours right for the film. So it seemed that 4 hours was stretching to a tolerant border and I was doubtful about the entire project. But I'll say in advance that this is beautiful ?? May I say lovingly? The film made and I am really glad I saw it. Director Steven Soderberg should be congratulated for his clarity of vision. Imagine the battle as if you were running away from bullets. <br /> <br /> If someone on this planet does not know, Ernesto Chi Chi Guevara was the Argentine doctor who helped Fidel Castro overthrow Volgencio Batista through the Cuban revolution of 1959. As a child in the 1960s, Place; on bedroom wall stickers, on shirts, on magazine covers. Che's image must be one of the most overexploited forms ever. If it was necessary to rely on famous images, then Che was a very good-looking man, an example of revolutionary romance. If he had an ugly butt, I should wonder if he would be very popular in the public imagination? Of course helps young people to die. <br /> <br /> Che films were produced earlier (especially the 2004 Premium Motorcycle Diary, starring Gael Garcia Bernal as an unbearable gentleman in Che's role, touring South America and watching the extreme poverty he had But I do not think anyone has dealt with the entire story from start to finish, and this two parts is an ambitious project. I hope this is useful to Soderberg, but I can only imagine that immediate commercial success may not have been at the top of his mind. <br /> <br /> "The Agentine" shows Che meets Castro in Mexico and follows his journey to Cuba to start the revolution and then the trip to New York in 1964 to address the United Nations. The black-and-white photos that were cleverly filmed resemble contemporary films but are not. The second film (guerrilla war) is back in 1966 when Che arrived in Bolivia to start a new revolutionary movement. The second movie occurs almost entirely in the forest. As far as I can see it was mostly filmed in Spain, but I still can believe that it was very difficult to portray. Benicio Del Toro is as excellent as Chi, a part he seems to have been born to play. <br /> <br /> Personally, I felt that the Argentinian (ie the first part) was much easier to watch and more "amusing" in the film's strict sense, because he was optimistic. They win. The revolution will succeed. Che leads a diverse group of peasants, workers and intellectuals in the revolutionary cause. The second part is much harder to watch because of the inevitability of his defeat. In the same way that the last film Valkyrie - while being a good film - was an exercise to watch the heroic failure, so I felt the same about the second part of the Che (guerrilla). We know at first that he is dying, and we know that he failed. It is rather frustrating because the way the story is told, it is quite clear that the stirring of the revolution in Bolivia is doomed; Che is an alien alien and fails to communicate with indigenous peoples the way he did with the Cubans. He persisted and it was frustrating to watch because I felt he should have known the time of surrender and moving to other institutions, perhaps more successful. The film does not romantic him too much. It kills people, executes, fights asthma and follows a lost cause after a long period of abandonment and leaves, leaving the wife alone to raise five children without a father. <br /> <br /> But in general, an excellent exercise in classical filmmaking. One note: While I was watching Bolivian soldiers trained in the United States moving collectively to arrest Chi and his small band of warriors one by one, this reminded me of the end result of Butche Cassidy. I almost turned to my husband and said that, but hesitated, and I think he would find such cliche ideas out of place. When we left the theater, he turned to me and said "Do not you think the end was like Butch Cassidy ??????????????!"
