Many of the reviews I've read reveal that most people tend to like the first part better than the second. I feel exactly the opposite. The first part played a big role in trying to find different ways to show Che Guevara's character through different types of movies, different locations, and the reduction between the interviews and the Cuban revolution. For the most part it was meticulously structured but somewhat distracting. In the second part, Che enters Bolivia, in addition to changing the geographical location, changing the rules and structure. Spatial jumps and moving between stocks and "documentary realism" and theses are over. Instead, we are now literally trapped with Chi in an uninhabited landscape where the only people in existence were burdened with their lives in order to be anything but survival. I suppose this is a dark transition in Chi's life, and that is the real reason why most people prefer the first part of the second part. <br /> <br /> The change in geographical location, for me at least, indicates that Chi: Part One and Chi: The second part, in fact, are the second acts of the three verb structure initiated by the motorcycle diary. Motorcycle Diary is the age of Chi (or the most appropriate, ideals) in Argentina, Chi: the first part is his military command in Cuba, Chi: the second part is his fall in Bolivia. These films do not fully explain his life (we miss his experiences in Guatemala, and most importantly, in my opinion, his execution after the Cuban revolution), but they create a very detailed exploration of the controversial aspects of his character and character symbol throughout the world. They symbolize the idealism, the need for armed resistance to repression, and the revolutionary failures of Third World countries after the Second World War and the obstruction of such activities, such as the intervention of the CIA. <br /> <br /> But, again, all this is displayed on screen in this case, not through long scenes of dialogue and speeches, but through a more intimate portrayal and suffering of Chi at the end of his thread and life. Again, the rules have changed, and in this case it is difficult to know if there is any chance of success at all. The number of times the camera shows people literally trapped between the rock and the hard, long-shaken place involves the public in the narration of people jailed in a hostile scene, hell, where revolutionary beliefs ultimately end up in desperation from chasing people starving to death. It's not easy to watch a movie, but it's very effective. <br /> <br /> - PolarisDiB
