Immediately followed from where the story stopped in the first part, the second half that revolves around the inevitable fall narrative and the darker side of the man's legacy is exactly as such. In direct contrast to the first feature, the second part represents a shift from the pride and glory of a revolutionary country to a Che editor struggling for a country with no prior ties. Changing the setting is not just aesthetic; from autumn and spring spring forest land comes a change in tone and heart to the attribute, replacing the optimism of the forefathers with a cynical, turbulent and contrived reality consistent with each new conflict. However, just as Chi went to say the same, it is better to be told about this struggle exactly as a struggle. Although the first part certainly helped to document this initial breakthrough to the power gained by the revolutionary guerrilla war through it, the second part takes on a tighter, crueler, more depressing section of Che's life and ambition, giving it a powerful, dramatic and concrete image in a concrete and easy-to-understand way. <br /> <br /> While the tone of the film explodes in some respects and is very different from the first part, there is still the same documented approach taken a month ago that avoids melodrama and fabrication as much as possible. This somewhat cold and cold approach to Chi's story and struggle will no doubt stop some viewers; in fact, I am still reserved on whether the same feature should be named after one man? If anything, the whole chi, taken as a whole, offers a story that goes beyond mere biography and instead documents a man's struggle alongside those who helped carry him along the way. Soderbergh does not try to paint a human image here, as Hirschbigl did with the Untergang monastery half a decade ago (excuse the cynical contradiction); Che is a slow-moving, conservative and understanding approach to telling the history lesson that the only man who can be said to have conducted The whole thing. <br /> <br /> However, by moving from the lush green landscape of Cuba to the dark and bleak background of Bolivia for the second part, the story inevitably takes a clearly contradictory tone that does not feel very disjointed, but does enough to give it its own reference points . Here, the basic structure of the first part is repeated again and again, there is an initial conflict, the battles, the fallen comrades, the recruitment of them to replace them, while we see some of the profiles of the man behind the movement. However, as anyone who has a vague idea of ​​the actual history behind this feature knows, the second part is due to end with a more worrying and anxious note. This difference, in conjunction with the similarities with the first part, makes a compelling and memorable sentence; by all means, both can be digested by one of their own (and glorified to Soderberg for their realization as such) and enjoyed by their condition, but taken as one statement, To achieve it. <br /> <br /> In fact, all that made the first part is the treatment it was a month ago is still clear here from the hidden and fun performances of the actors to the slow building, the realistically structured combat scenes? The drama of the characters on the screen is equally indistinguishable, but with such an advantage, the second part proves again that avoiding such elements does not necessarily harm a film when there is enough plot and reflection on other elements to keep the viewer engaged . In fact, when writing this review, I was at odds over whether you should simply add a paragraph or two to my initial review of the first part, and the title of the review as a whole, yet I felt that doing so would only disappoint those who might sit to see the overall Both films are running. <br /> <br /> However, I can not really decide whether Che is or does not stand up to the task of engaging an audience for a four-hour plus run-time, but when you see both parts, I can at least attest to the ability of Every part to do it. With a highly reflective and complex scenario accompanied by stunning photography without limits and precise performance to suit the characters of the film without drawing attention to themselves, the Che Part II is all impressive and rewarding like its predecessor, but this time with a tragedy but full of vitality, re-confirmation of the appropriate conclusion to the history pages of the film. <br /> <br /> - Review of Jamie Robert Ward (http://www.invocus.net)
