Ironically, the most popular American film at the 2008 New York Film Festival is 98% in Spanish. The controversy began over the long film at Cannes. There were notices of love hate, and big doubts about the business outlook. As the consolation of the star, Benicio Del Toro, was awarded the Best Actor Award there. I'm talking about "Che" to Steven Soderberg of course. This is the name you speak in this version, which appears in New York as it was in two two-hour plus sections without opening title or end credits. Certainly "Che" is appropriate because Ernesto "Che" Guevara exists in almost every scene. Del Toro is impressive, hanging reliably through the thick and thin, from days of glorious victory in one part to months of humiliating defeat in the second, attractive and Sembatico in all his diverse manifestations, even disguised as a bald man in sneaking into Bolivia. It's a great performance; one wishes to have a better setting. <br /> <br /> If you are patient enough to sit for four hours with a break between the two sections, there are rewards. There is a real feeling all the time - fortunately, Soderbergh took the decision to photograph in Spanish (although some actors, oddly enough in the English parts especially, made of wood). You can get a good outline of what guerrilla warfare, such as Che Style, was like: education, camping, ethics, discipline, difficulty, fighting - in addition to the gradual evolution of the company doctor into a modern military commander. The use of a new high-quality digital camera with a 9-pound 35 mm diameter is just available in time for photography, DP Peter Andrews and his crew have managed to produce somewhat cool images, but sometimes still sing Be sharp and smooth. <br /> <br /> The film is in two parts - dubbed "Soderbergh", and the plan is to release them commercially. The first is the Argentinian, which depicts Che's leadership in the jungle fighting and the town that led to the fall of Havana in the late 1950s, the second is "guerrilla warfare" and the failed Shi effort about a decade later in Bolivia to lead a revolution, On Guevara and his execution in 1967. The second part was to be the original film and first written, I think it was filmed first. Producer Laura Becford says the second part is more exciting, while the first part is more of a motion film with great battle scenes. Yes, but both parts are very much in common - too much - because both spend much of their time tracking gangs through a difficult country. Guerrilla warfare is an unintended Downer since the Bolivian revolution was doomed from the start. The group of Cubans who tried to lead it did not receive a friendly welcome from the citizens of Bolivia, who were suspected of being foreigners, and thought of the Cuban Communists as merciless rapists. There is a third part, a kind of black and white festive distinction consisting of a Che speech at the United Nations in 1964 and interviews at the time, but this is overlapping in the first part. Part one also contains Fidel, who is more optimistic, leading to victory in Santa Clara in 1959, which led to the fall of the dictatorship of Volgencio Batista in Cuba. <br /> <br /> During "Guerilla Warfare" I kept thinking about how this could actually work as European miniaturized images, which might start with a brief copy of Walter Salis' "Motorcycle Diaries" and then take us to the ill-fated Guevara With Fidel in Mexico and registration on July 26 of the July movement. There can be a lot about his extensive travels and diplomatic missions. This is far from the full picture of the man, the interest of his childhood in chess, his lifelong interest in poetry, and the books he wrote; even his international fame was touched only. What about his harsh and cruel side? What really matters to Soderberg is not Chi, but the revolution, guerrilla warfare. The constant impression that the 4+ hours leave is through the woods and forests with wounded and sick men and women and the ideal dedication to end the tyranny of the wealthy. One of them mentioned that he was reminded of Terrence Malick's "Tin Red Line" and, yes, the casual, casual approach to the battle. The "red line" has stronger characters (hardly anyone appears next to Che). This is an impressive effort, but it is not completed, and is not. <br /> <br /> The 8-year-old love affair, which has been extensively explored (how many numbers must the ocean pay for it?), has long been a very regular and very short version of miniseries. Radical liberalization - or large expansion - would have made it more successful, and because it is a long symbol, especially in the second half. <br /> <br /> Obviously, this ban could have been reduced down, although it is not entirely clear what the resulting film would have been - but with a little luck, it may have been very good.
