The tragic hero skips over everything from the Cuban coup to his secret entry into Bolivia, the second part of Sue Goodberg's portrayal of Che Guevara. As with Chi? Part 1, this rogue guerrilla war across the colorful mountains of Bolivia is likely to frustrate more people than to satisfy them. Why was the film (especially the performance of Benicio del Toro) highly praised at Cannes? <br /> <br /> For example, James Rocky called it "not just a revolutionary story, but a revolution in itself." Peter Bradshaw of the Guardian described it as a "flawed masterpiece." I return to my original version of the piece The first is that the value lies in particular in portraying the character of the hero, and in an age where many models of miserable roles are poor, can not it be useful to see one very powerful, even if stripped of some of the least enthusiastic episodes in his life? Which was dedicated by the great Scottish writer Thomas Carlyle in his book "Heroes and the worship of heroes." Heroes can be real or imagined (or somewhere) But it should really inspire us to achieve higher goals, a higher goal. "Compare this with unrealistic" heroes "in the standard Western narratives: the subject of trials and tribulations before receiving a reward that can hardly be believed - usually eternal love or material wealth? As if through the intervention of divine studio, real heroes have moral courage, do not waste a devilish dare ship or James Bond's superlative games, get up and let others rise to be the best they can. In the second part, it fails. Not because of the lack of moral courage, but since not all good plans can succeed and being human, the mistakes are inevitable. <br /> <br /> Guevara's intellectual clarity is flawed when he balances the circumstances that justify armed struggle with the circumstances that make this armed struggle capable of success. It is a serious misjudgment. <br /> <br /> In the high mountains of La Paz, the colors are amazing. There is an atmosphere of originality in the scene that was sometimes lacking in Che - the first part (the United States will not allow Sudberg to film in Cuba). Optical treatments are increasing by maximizing the natural light, maximum flexibility and realism offered with the foundation of red cameras. This is a high-performance digital cinematic camera with 35mm film quality and pure digital comfort. The package is designed for flexibility and functionality, weighing only 9 pounds. "Shooting with RED is like hearing the Beatles for the first time," says Soderberg. "RED see the way I see it ... very natural, beautifully harmonized with the most natural phenomena?". If Chi had stopped with the successful Cuban revolution he would have swept himself with invincible immunity. His failure in Bolivia not only shows that he is suffering from human constraints, but it is his moral virtues that we remember, not political victory. Critics will say? With some justification - that his armed struggle inspired the noblest figures to achieve tin dictatorships. His development of guerrilla warfare methods is neither good nor bad in itself (and has since been used both). <br /> <br /> But despite the praise, the film often lacks dramatic tension and narrative. We stumble from fleeing to another, knowing that he will eventually face his death. I found myself looking at my watch and thought it could have been shorter. But the work that went into this? Interviews with people from all sides and even getting one of Guevara's ex-colleagues to train representatives on the details of Bolivian operations ?? Make the film a commendable achievement. This may not be a great entertainment, but it demonstrates integrity in documenting an important segment of history. <br /> <br /> There is also another very important point in Che 'hero's character here. It's about failure. If you try everything you can, even if it fails, your effort will not go to waste because it may give others hope and moral courage. One might call it the "Martyrs' Complex" and there are, of course, many religious figures. But Chi does not "sacrifice" himself. He does what he does best, not inconsiderably and with his unclear ability, and thus sets an example. Success or failure in any given situation becomes just a detail. <br /> <br /> With the long illegal US blockade imposed on Cuba (all in the name of "freedom"), I feel tempted to write to Che Parts 1 & 2 too good to waste on the United States, but that would be an invitation to claim that The film seriously sought to avoid it. One must hope that many viewers will enjoy the skill of displaying chi without politics and bias that inevitably generates. However, if you have not heard of Che Guevara or seen the first part, or if you can not go beyond the term "Marxist killer" without I have a hard time imagining what you will get from this movie and can say the same for many who have, can.
