Now, admittedly, I am not an enthusiastic student of this kind. In fact, I always tend to stay away from Westerners, despite all their critical pursuits as the primary stories of America (or whatever), it seems to me that they have moved forever to a tiring recount of any of the "shootings of injuries, or" a big battle In other words, it always seems to me to be somewhat inherent and attached to tradition, to the extent that it left a precious little space for surprise or authenticity. (Yes, I have seen at least some of the alleged "greats" and all of them Unconsciously in this negative assessment - including Stagecoach, Rio Bravo, My Darling Clementine, and of course the notorious [Well Clint Eastwood Sergio Lyon teams in the 1960s. <br /> <br /> But when I saw this movie on television as part of Jimmy Stewart's Memorial Weekend after his death - I finally understood: I understood, at least in theory, what Western legends must present it as a serious objective enterprise (apart from action and excitement only) It is the tug-of-war between chaos and order The American West represents freedom, but also the possibility of the wild, unbridled. Which means of course that perhaps - perhaps - was not meant by a decent people, and that the only people should be immoral and forebears, those who imposed justice strictly from the nozzle of their pistols, where they kill or be killed will ever be the law of the land. In such an environment, of course, real heroes are those who enjoy the decoration and enthusiasm free enough to be there in the first place (and they reject that "community", at least as manifested in the East Coast), and yet you have enough sense of justice to believe that Society based on chaos and fear is not just right. The capture of this discrepancy between law and disorder and its examination in The Main Charter HIMSELF is, I believe (after watching this film), the ultimate and most authentic goal of any Westerner. Unfortunately, this is not often the case, since the white hats are completely white, and the black hats are completely black (let's not start talking about the Indians, well) and there are precious little shades of gray between. <br /> <br /> Not in this one. Jimmy Stewart is a hunter of sheer luck following the miners' impact before him in the Alaska wilderness to look for gold. His lifelong companion, played by Walter Brennan (perhaps the Western cliche to end it all - but still fun here, as always) - and no one else joins him. It is worth mentioning that they are outside themselves, and while Stewart presents his patented charm (come on, we could never really hate this man, can we now?), We have left without a doubt that he is basically centered around himself and revolves around Himself. Personally interested: None of his humanity is allowed "Gosh" or "O golly gee" to come. Or, alternatively, must be earned, by the end of the image, in the manner described above. He must face chaos in himself, and set it against the need for justice and order that are blatantly lacking in the border town that is the starting point for miners on the trail of golden dust. This town is governed by the evil mayor of the city, Mr. Gannon, played by John McIntyre in one of the best "evil" shows I have ever seen. He has charm and humor, and has a comfortable and interesting relationship with Stewart, which really requires him to realize that he * is * the bad guy - so when he finally drowns, he does so with a weak enforcement. Moreover, by creating a kind of intimate (if necessarily protected) friendship between McIntire and Stewart, the film raises the idea of ​​how close they really are to their mood - and how far the moral distance Stewart should go with the end of the film. <br /> <br /> I will not touch on all the twists and turns you see in the plot - see those on your own (as well as the rugged and wonderful Alaska scene - filmed at the site, blocking you, not the cheap painted shots that the studio consists of). The key here is to what extent this story focuses on personality, with great dialogue and interaction between characters that replaces fireworks most of the time - although the film has enough excitement and adventure to prevent it from being fixed (read: "talkative"). Certainly one of the greatest performances I have seen of Stewart, which shows that he is capable of playing the dissident, "man man" is equally persuasive as the decent decent guy next door. If anything, in fact, his qualities "every man" give greater power to his characterization, making him seem less mythic or exaggerated - for example, Eastwood or John Wayne - and the most personal three-dimensional. His relations with Brennan played well: undervalued, but nevertheless (with the faint suggestion of George and Lenny from "mice and men" - a completely different kind of "Western"). <br /> <br /> I'm sure there are more Westerners to see, but this is my favorite now, and the standard I will necessarily judge on others. It deserves to be known and appreciated much better than it is.
