From the directors who brought us the penguins' march, I think it came with a lot of expectations for Fox and the kid. From the harsh winter of the South Pole to the lush wildlife of France, the narration is now part of documentaries and part of fairy tales, which tells of the friendship between two distinguished personalities, Reynard the Fox and his friendship with the child he baptized, played by Bertil Noel Bonnieux. <br /> <br /> The story is bluntly simple, and sometimes it is like many Japanese films in which various animals of a child are friendships after the development of trust, how they turn on each other and deal with their opponents and the like. Here, the girl meets the elegant foxes near her house in the mountains, which provides many wonderful shots of the photo cards that the photographer will have to go too far to capture. <br /> <br /> But while we indulge in a miserable scene, the characters can not determine this level of confidence from the start, and we have to wait a few seasons until the last, 45 minutes after the film, before we find a level in the food. The child stubbornly tries to reach an association with the goal of taming the creature for its own entertainment, but the fox, too, like other concepts of course. Although I thought that the narration was very weak, unlike the procession of penguins that contain this human narrative interpretation of what happens on screen, what distinguished here was the documentary elements of the film, where he traced the life of the fox and his times as predators and prey. <br /> <br /> Between the two, more tension and drama was given to the latter, especially when dealing with traditional enemies such as wolves, and given these sequences were fairly intense especially when the child was involved. Other than that, sailing was normal and full of roving because two of them were playing with each other, in clips that they knew had undergone some magical editing of the films. There were amazingly dark moments in the film that were not quite suitable for children, as witnessed in the same room by suddenly waving their eyes, even parents, may want to take notes and not leave your child disturbing the rest of the film's pioneers. <br /> <br /> As a film, I would prefer to have a full documentary film "The Penguin March", but I think the way in which the discontent was, perhaps its purpose is to warn us against interfering in nature, and that some things are not meant to be Well, it must remain so. A decent film based on the power of chemistry between Bertel Noel Bruno, and the multiple foxes played by Renard.
