The Fox and Child is the latest film from the film "The March of the Penguin" by French Locke Jackett. The film, which features a young actress Bertel Noel Bruno, tells only one person in his crew is a fairly rare story, although this relationship seems reasonable between a child and a wild fox. <br /> <br /> Part - The natural documentary, and the partial story, focuses on L'Infant, the girl who was on her way to school one day passing through the wild fox road in a beautiful environment, perhaps France, although the site Flour is never mentioned. Over the next few weeks, the girl returns to the place where her fox found her optimistic that on one of these days you will see the fox mentioned, which begins to contact him, again. It goes without saying. The days turn into weeks, then the summer disappears, then turns into autumn and winter, and catches some of the great cinematic works of the sweeping white winter landscape. Eventually, spring comes again, and the little boy finds her fox, and already maintains a friendship with the animal. And so forth. <br /> <br /> I had little expectation of the fox and the child. I saw the Penguin march and I was simply in awe of making films in this movie. Locke Jacket is a very talented and rare film maker, and I was expecting some great and amazing movies, sweeping prospects and fantastic wildlife scenes. This was delivered in spades. But here Jacquet has screenwriting credit, and not knowing anything about the film before the show, I was expecting something slightly different from what he had seen before in March. fictional story. <br /> <br /> The boy and fox are simple story. A little girl who looks like she is alone in a house in the middle of nowhere and goes to school seems to be on her own every day, seemingly without care in a seemingly perfect world. Without an adult tip on sight. brilliant. So they establish friendship with the fox. <br /> <br /> With a movie like this, you have to ignore your opinion of the film and put yourself in the place of the target audience. This film targets children directly from the age of six and above. Or for families that fancy a trip to the cinema with one wet breed on a Sunday afternoon. He is not a 31-year-old man who gets his kicks from films like WANTED, modern and brilliant and the like. But, as the new critic in London, I put myself in the shoes of an excited eight-year-old girl for 95 minutes or so of fox and child. Now, I have some problems with this film. As a 31-year-old young man and a faithful lover of all things, I loved wildlife and landscapes. It's visually stunning. The direction of the animal figures is performed brilliantly - as good as you will find in any of Attenborough's efforts. As a brief impression of interest, extended to eight years, I loved the first half hour, then lost interest. It's a little repetitive and in very scary and scary places for a younger child, especially the somewhat dark end. As a 31-year-old man - I was a little scared in some places. Wuss. <br /> <br /> So, it's not a child's film. It's not really a big movie and I'm a bit complacent. Is it a good family movie? Depends on. It's possibly educational, and the film carries a message. It's certainly not a film I'll pay for the hard-earned green to see, and I'm racking my brains to try to recommend it to a certain type of film pioneer. It's hard, but I know that some people will go to this movie and fall in love with them. It is a very European feeling and certainly if you are a wildlife lover under the title, try it out. Not sure? Well, I was waiting for a wet DVD on Sunday afternoon at that time. - Paul Heath, http://www.thehollywoodnews.com, July 2008.
