I really wanted to love this movie and I do not think I was disappointed. As a teacher of American history, I felt almost committed to seeing this film, and as far as history goes, it was not bad. Sure, there were some mistakes here and there (especially with the timeline - the film did not last only a few months or maybe a year - not more than six years of actual combat), but the overall spirit of the film and the battle sequence were excellent. Unfortunately, the film also included a meaningless subterfuge that includes the difficulty of believing romance between a poor and rich national. For the most part, it was really useful to divert attention from the outline and seemed to be "treated" - like a drawing device instead of a true love story. In fact, because so much romanticism is soaked in clichés of "stupid hand grip", it was even more disturbing when I thought about it. <br /> <br /> Despite this romance, the film is really exciting and inspiring - in addition, it seems in many ways that the following movie, The PATRIOT, was copied from this Griffith movie !!! Both films follow the exploits of an evil leader who fights for the British and uses horrific and evil tactics against civilians - each with a secret intention to use this "starting point" to start their own state in America !!! The only major difference is that this film was set in the north and was the Patriot in Carolineas. Certainly it would have been good if Mel Gibson and the rest had confessed their debts to D. W. Griffith for the ideas of the story. It seems unlikely that the two stories will be created independently of each other. <br /> <br /> PS - Although I admire this movie and some other Griffith movies, it deserves again "Burning in Hell" because it represents white actors portraying all the black servants in the movie! This is something sick and fanatic as Griffith did in many of his films - especially in the birth of a nation. I must assume on the basis of that and the way blacks portray him as "OK" to slavery and was an advocate of "this strange institution" (do not get angry with me - that means irony).
