In 1930, Europe got a big shock when the film 'L'Age Dor' was released, causing rioting in Paris when it was shown there, banning it for more than forty years. Three years later, in 1933, when Europe passed the shock, she turned back to her ear with "Ekstase", a symphony of love. The film was starring a young German actress named Hedwig Kessler, who later changed her name to Hedy Lamar when she moved to America to escape the madness of Adolf Hitler, such as Eva, a young bride who married an elusive boyfriend (played by Emile Germaine) To discover that they made a big mistake. After one divorce, Eva is free of fancy and swings and leaves one day, dipping in a lake, when Adam discovers the handsome young engineer (played by Arebert Mugg) whom he imagines (she). After a night filled with passion, Eva's former husband appeared again, hoping to recover Eva again, to find that he now has a rival. Will not spoil what is clear. Czech director Gustav Machati (who produced the original screen of "Madame X", another example of romantic obsession) emerges from a script by Robert Horcky's novel Koerpel, Frantisek Horky & Machaty. The Velvet Film (reminiscent of Avant Garde, Man Ray of the Age, which is used for some Impressionist uses of light and shadow, is often written by Hans Androshin and Jean Stalic). The quick film by Antonyen Zelenka and the direction of film art, which shows an almost rich look of art deco, is written by Bohumil Hess. If I have any questions about this film, this is the musical result, written by Giuseppe Becce, which gives a feeling of melodrama beyond its smallness (some themes are repeated over and over, and forgotten by the welcome, fast --- kind of like some of David Lin more than the use Some musical subjects, especially in "Lawrence of Arabia" and "Dr.Zhivago"). A few years ago, there was a new printed version of the best source material, compiled together from various European publications available, and restored to what could be the closest version of what appeared before the Vatican was condemned as "decadent" ... like the Church did nothing wrong), Hayes section ribbons section, when it was finally released in the USA in 1936, in an approved clip of "Hayes Office" (similarly). Minimum German-language dialogue with English translation (it was supposed to be essentially a visual experience). It is not rated, but it contains this hilarious, mysterious scene by Hedy Lamarr (done with caution, embracing you) and some sexual content suggestions (similarly) that you will rarely earn PG-13 rating at the moment. Well worth a look if you have any interest in early European cinema, or Avant Garde / Cinema experimental cinema
