I can not comment on this film without discussing its importance to me personally. As a child, his poor health prevented me from going to the cinema. I first faced films at the end of the Second World War through the book "Penguin" by the wonderful Penguin, "Penguin", which made me very happy as my health began to improve so much that I wish I could buy another version to re-read it today. Introduction to several classic films such as The Battleship Potemkin, Drifters, Metropolis, The Cabinet of Dr Caligari and Ecstasy; first came through this book and later at the University of Arts cinema. Ecstasy angered the Vatican by ignoring Emile's escape from Emile, her subsequent divorce, and her short swim in the open, but Roger Manville ignored these trivialities and discussed the film as a wonderful visual appeal to love - a view echoed by many IMDb users. A very young man, when I saw him, willingly agreed to it. There is no other chance to see an ecstasy that has arisen up to the introduction of home videos - by that time, dear memory should not bother you. I recently added Ecstasy to my home video collection and found that this evaluation is very superficial. Ecstasy is more than just an example of the continuity of human existence, in which the lives of individuals are not of particular importance - perhaps in recognition of Bernard Shaw's use of the literary writings used by the term "lifeforce". <br /> <br /> Pictures of a young bride getting married to a middle-aged man Sexual desire is no longer strong. Disappointed, go home and launch it. Soon after her experience of strong mutual attraction to shy young man meets while riding. They make love for the first time and it is a great experience. Her former husband can not face rejection and gives the young man an elevator in his car with the intention of killing the transit train both when crossing a level. But the train stopped at the right time, and it seems that the driver recovered from the disease recovered at a nearby hotel where he later committed suicide by shooting himself. After these dramatic climatic sequences, the gentle, predictable and almost inevitable end confirms that although individual human life is a joy and a tragedy, collective life continues to push us all forward and only by contributing to this flow, We can be really happy. This story is vulgar, and the representation is not more than enough; usually such a film has disappeared into the garbage, as most of his contemporaries did, long ago. What gave Ecstasy its classic position is an exceptional cinematic, continuous lyrical and very grainy direction, along with something of a thrill, but in a very cinematic sense - it appeared immediately after the introduction of the sound and was planned as a silent film. It is a subtitle whose output has been used by the effect of the short verbal sequences that accompany some sub-titles, and sometimes leads to the outcome of the film lovingly. This not only makes it unique, it is also very rewarding to watch. The story is emphasized in the story continuously but so subtly that when you think after seeing it the person becomes fully aware of it. For example, names - Eva and Adam. The enigmatic behavior of Emile on his wedding night that shows that triviata has become the most important thing in his life and expects his eventual suicide because he does not have enough purpose to give it; the continuum of beautiful sequences showing erotic images (bee pollinating flower, key enters lock, broken necklace during Eva sequence And post-suicide sequences that could have been photographed in a number of different ways but are working to appreciate the importance of individuals performing a kind of work that positively contributes to society, as well as to create a new life to sustain this society after we become We passed it. <br /> <br /> As a 1933 film I would like to make this film at the rate of 9 - even compared to contemporary works, I will not lower this to less than 8. For me, the film will always be "I must see" (although you may I feel that the comments of my background above indicate some bias in this provision). Unfortunately in the contemporary American ratings of this film, the extreme reaction of the 1930s was mutilated on a very short and relatively unimportant nude scene that had trouble living in Hollywood (some critics, who obviously did not see classic films such as hypocrites, Hula, Return to the Country of God, Bird of Paradise or some early works by DW Griffiths and CB deMille, mistakenly as the first appearance of a nude actress in a feature film). This scene may have been part of the original novel, and the film was slightly different if the director chose to rewrite it. First, this is a Czech film that was released there in 1933. His recent message about hard work that generates positive benefits for society seems to be very superficial to its viewers a few years after their country became the first victim of repression (I do not remember these sequences being shown after the war when I first saw this film - was it removed from the version I saw later?). Secondly, my main message today is that things of true beauty are often very fleeting although their memories may remain with one lifetime. We should all thank that some of them can be picked up on the camera today and displayed again in our comfort.
