First, let's get out of the way. Hedy Lamar was one of the most beautiful women, and movies were an ideal way for many people to see her beauty on screen. Here we have Hadi as a new 20-year-old, speaking in her mother tongue. I recently purchased an uncensored version of the 1990's of this classic genre from 1932/3. Director Gustav Matati uses the cover of the branches and thoughts in the ponds and the medium and long shots to show her in this famous scene; so you can not imagine that there are any wonderful links or gestures. Her boyfriend, Pierre Nay retains his clothes at all times. Yes, he dares to some extent on his day, but to what extent now looks eloquent in the eyes of 2003. <br /> Other reviews have also indicated that this film should be seen in search of the conceptual, expressive and metaphorical data it provides with images Water droplets form a capping on a pale surface of water, agricultural machinery, landscape and so on. The gentle sounding strings are run for most length of "Extase", and the film has a "sense" of moving between silence and sound in its direction and concept. The script is very simple and economical, where the story is transmitted mainly through the facial medium and physical gestures with a few words of German spoken by the actors with an English translation below. Even these few words seem redundant in the general lyric vein that passes through the film. <br /> <br /> Quite simply, this is the story of a young girl wh يت marries an older man (why did not she ever tell us what Eva saw anyway? money?), Consumable and unpopular. She then returns to her father after leaving her husband and her father lying to his son in law. After riding on her horse, Eva decided to swim in the orange and carry her clothes on her horse saddle. Each time her horse gets romantic concepts himself, he runs to meet his stable colleague. From the lake naked and trying to restore her mountain, but an engineer at work sees and retrieves the horse and then look around me in search of the owner. Thus romance was born. Her husband saw that his opponent should win Eva, and later decided to shoot himself but I thought that this was somewhat illogical and his main weakness taking into account his previous courageous relationship with Eva. <br /> <br /> Despite being the title of the 1990 reissue on the VHS, the sound is 70 years old, but it is slightly weak with the background crunch, in line with the films of its time. It is clear that the period of mourning for our handsome friend in love with Eva imagines it As a mother with a baby, so we have to assume that they live happily ever after. Just let the picture overlook you and abandon your mind on the style of movies until the late 1930's. This is a lyric that can wrestle for its own sake and not just for its eye-catching title. I gave it 7/10.
