I can understand how film lovers Roman Polanski can love this film, and I can understand how some can hate it completely (Ebert was one of the few who did not understand why people did not run out of theater). After the first viewing, I'm not sure I can fall into either category, but as someone who can not get enough Kafka and the dark exotic comedy of The Tenant paranoia is effective enough for the time it runs. Or perhaps not - this is one of the situations where there may be more masterpiece if the ring of the twilight zone for half an hour, offering Serling to the coca on behalf of Terkovsky (or anyone who may be?) Wriggles in his bed writing in bandages. It is very similar to the treatment of the condemned protagonist as was the expulsion, yet it can be said that there is more ambiguity, and a sense of surreal exit through the constant disintegration of personality and location (and, quite frankly, better performance) than the tenant. <br /> <br /> As is the case, the tenant has an interesting hypothesis, one that is not tiresome to tell others: Polanski Polish immigrant to Paris takes an apartment recently acquired by Simon Chul, where she jumped near the death from the window She died shortly afterwards. But other tenants maintain the maximum in terms of noise; after a Saturday night in Terkovsky with a few friends, there are complaints of a lot of noise. This will not happen again, says the good tenant in Polanski but he feels a bit nervous, but there is no peace even in moving a closet or chair. Soon to get the registration of complaints against another tenant, but from him? Can he record complaints? This is a situation where there is not much wrong identity but there is a lack of peace of mind with the self and the people around it. As the downward spiral continues, Polanski increases tension (and dare say, laughs a black comedy) by showing Turkovsky in the midst of a terrible dream - one of the most powerful Polanski scenes of that period - and finding teeth in the wall, not to mention the bathroom along The road (which, I might add, is always a key role in the horror and surreal madness). <br /> <br /> But one way or another, the film does not really feel all that great interest. From its excessive design as a machine can be considered realistic, where tenants seem Terkovsky not only what it seems for a short time: there is not much suspense when they discover that they are really not outside him, making paranoia more self-fulfilling. At least once or twice I thought to myself, "Why did Polanski play the title for himself?" It is not that he is a bad actor at all, and has appeared in many films and plays that are not from his point of view. But apart from being great in looking at the embarrassment and tension, as in the church, or in moments of fluctuation when he thinks that they are in fact urging him to kill himself, his transformation is less jarring than the tongue in the cheek. , Test for himself to see if he can pull it, which he does not quite do. Although Polanski worked well to look like a weak and weak Turkovsky, I saw at least a few other actors who could dare to be more precise and influential. By the time one sees one's case going, the real camp goes-worthwhile, especially when it climbs to the finish (which, of course, is a little surprising). <br /> <br /> However, the film-pleaser and Pulansky are happy to see the supporting actors trying to search for the most mysterious characters (Winters and Douglas do their best, even in the case of limited personalities), unexpected moments like Polanski and Adjani It gets hotter during Bruce Lee's film, when he's really drunk, or in an almost random scene where he slaps a child near a fountain, is wonderful in itself. It is a very good film, a film that can raise my attention when it has a very large number of coffee after midnight. But a basic film? not exactly.
