One thing I'm sure that everyone who watched this movie would agree is that it is very creepy. Other films in the informal Polanski trilogy are also creepy, but they are quite different as they creep, but they all deal with almost the same thing, they all deal with the mind. People who stare at souls are certainly very creepy, each sending shivers down my spine that made me unable to sit motionless. Again, if you've seen the other two movies, I'm sure you'll find it quite creepy, because you're starting to anticipate the typical Polanski features that you think you've learned, that he's aware of it and will keep bothering you with simple things, every time Trelkowski turns slowly , I'll get ready to jump, maybe this is just me, but I felt that meant to do so, although it was very accurate, there was no accumulation of music in these moments. <br /> <br /> The acting in this was very good, mostly from Polanski of course, do not have other characters in the film all this time to overcome the foreground. Polanski really proves that he is a great film director. He can not only take out and write wonderful films, he can also act. I do not think that anyone else could be better than the character of Tilkowski, Polanski settled perfectly. I like to watch movies where the director is away from the main actors, to me, he really highlights the ingenuity and talent that I respect very much. <br /> <br /> There's one thing I did not like about this movie. How it was done in English. For those who do not know, this is a French film, funded by America, as well as making it more commercially successful, most of it in English. There are parts that are very clear that there was dubbing, I do not know why, but 3/4 of the time he describes it get the wrong person to do the dubbing. There are women in the film, when you talk, obviously someone describes it, but they got the most annoying people to do their voice, and it was a serious ear ache to hear her talk, and she had the loudest voice on the pitch. I have heard a while ago, it seemed to me fake, but I do not see what the point, was a fairly small figure. I'm frankly better if they just left it as it was filmed, parts of it in French and parts of it in English, because the dubbing in this film was pain and not close (two completely different films, I know) a high level of another film did something similar, And ugly ". I realize it is not a big problem, just when you realize it, they are annoying, but I'm sure you will not sit there long to try to read what they are already saying, no matter if you know French. <br /> <br /> What distinguishes Polanski is that he will allow you to believe that you know him, that you know his style, which is what you do in some respects, but in fact, you can not see beyond that angle. This film is more open to interpretation than the other films mentioned, which I think it strengthens this particular film. I personally feel that this is the best among the three, I'm not sure what will come next, but they are all relatively close to their level of grandeur. The finish is wonderful, very easy to roll back for a long time to come and do not come anywhere. I chose not to think much about it, just to get my personal opinion and leave it at that. <br /> <br /> I stumbled and did not really give any insight into what makes this movie awesome, I do not think, so I'll do it quickly here. If you like rejection and / or Rosemary Baby, I guarantee you'll enjoy it at the very least. For those who do not want to see them too, I would advise you to review this movie if you are looking for something that is completely creepy film, especially the end, as well as if you are looking for something that deals with mind, even paranoia, although this is the best Installed under the weight.
