The following is an example of a film that was not well received when it was produced, but seems to be growing in time. "Tenant" is an interesting work by Polanski, one of his first European exile. He is appointed in Paris, and as in many other exile films, the city plays its streets, and especially the building where the event takes place. It is only for Polanski to choose his main character not to be an American (as in the "feverish" for example) but as a pole, as he himself was when going to the West. There are actually a lot of personal comments in this film, which were made in what should have been a crisis time in the life of the director, and the fact that he decided to play the leading role (and do so brilliantly) may also be seen as some kind of exorcism. <br /> <br /> It is in a circular way a story. The hero named Trelkovsky rents an apartment in an old Parisian building, inhabited by what appears to be the first well-diversified team of old neighbors or absurd neighbors. The former rented a suicide attempt by jumping out of the apartment window, and Trelkowski has time to visit her in the hospital before she dies and meets there with her beautiful and wonderful friend Stella (Isabelle Adjani in her amazing first role) after Truffaut 'L'histoire d'Adele H.'). Soon neighbors do not seem to be what they are, a conspiracy to make him mad, or to make him enter the dead girl's life and role. He fights and tries to run and enters the game and ends up entering the circle and slowly becoming. This circuit is closed. <br /> <br /> It is not the most credible story we may see or hear, but the power of the film lies not in the story but in the details of psychology, in the slow deterioration of the mental state of the hero, in the game of balance between reality and illusion. To some extent, not what happens on the screen is what matters, but how it happens, to remind the "knife in the water" classic made more than a decade ago, at the end of Polish Polanski period. There are many details that are never explained, but then, the films must be mysterious, these are actually life sometimes. Children's phobias slowly pollute the viewer. Unfortunately, some of the graphic details in the last part of the film were not very well executed, and the English-language dialogues (produced in English) neutralize the overall atmosphere. However, waiting for the last punching scene deserves patience. <br /> <br /> It is not the best film Polanski produced, but it has many good parts, it shows the hand and style of the director, and was an important step in building his career.
