When this film opened in 1976, the legend says it was met with great joy and disdain - it was widely regarded as a failure. I vividly remember Ebert giving her one star and she was supposed to be offended at Cannes. <br /> <br /> It seems that these people did not understand the film, which is not difficult to understand because it is very mysterious, dark and layer in ways that still surprise me. By reading many reviews here I find (even after about 7-8 times seen over the years) many movie elements that I had already skipped. But even without understanding the psychological basis of the story, it is still pending ... even if you take the turbulent paranoia and persecution that goes beyond Polanski's character like a tsunami over two hours of running. Check out the source article --- an excellent novel written by the late novelist Roland Tabor --- revealing more interesting layers. Tricovsky in Polanski is a first class restaurant. Although at first it seems to be another moderate spirit every day, one gradually realizes that he is one of those people who seem to be drifting aimlessly into life, making him direct. He seems to have a few strong feelings about his likes and dislikes. He finds himself driven gently in this way, but he seems to have never been separated from form. This mysterious type of unwanted wishful thinking is more pronounced in the novel than the film, but there are hints from it early in the film too. <br /> <br /> Making a play for a woman apartment, one seems that Mademouiselle Choule, who lives in the hospital and recovers from a recent suicide attempt, is the boldest thing he has tried (even effectively hamping the deposit rate in the deal). But he soon finds that he pays for his "good thing" in more ways than he cares, because he finds himself at the heart of the state of debility created by a building full of neurotic impulses that control sensitive allergy to even the least sign. For human life, like a step at night or knock on the door. <br /> <br /> Instead of taking a stand, Tilkowski becomes increasingly isolated by the situation, overcome by paranoia and a sense of persecution. He becomes obsessed with begging, imagining that he looks like her, wears her clothes, etc., where his character quickly begins to eliminate him insanely. <br /> <br /> If there is any doubt in Polanski's fear ever. An artist, they recommend watching this movie. His distinctive black humor (and sometimes embarrassing) is presented here and --- God bless him - he makes himself violently. It is a powerful performance in one of the richest and most dangerous gothic horror films ever made. That many people did not see it as a real crime.
