After honoring his classic film "Noir," Chinatown Roman Polanski returned to the subjects that gave him his greatest successes in the 1960s with this frightening psychological horror, such as Repression and Rosemary's Baby, with paranoia and fear of extreme fear Who are born to live in an apartment. > <br /> Classic environments are the environments that Polanski is the best at innovating, and this image must be the strangest and most gripping of all. Focus on the side walls and distant fading points becomes more distant than ever, and even in a few external scenes, the sky rarely hints. But the tenant is not only limited to the place, but also the intensity focused on his hero. Trilkovski, played by Polanski himself, not only in every scene, it is in every shot. When it is not on the screen more often, the camera becomes the view of Trilkovsky. And of course almost everywhere, he seems to see his own contemplation staring back at him in the mirror. <br /> <br /> I can not think of any film that is more about the inner character and isolation of a single character. Some psychological excitement, such as M or Peeping Tom, manipulates us to feel sorry for the protagonist with a mental illness. Others, like Psycho, are trying to conduct an in-depth scientific analysis of his mental state. Tenant fits any of these categories? It simply immerses us completely in the Tilkowski experience without demanding an understanding or appreciation of what is going on inside his head. We feel paranoid and obsessive though it is constantly revealed to us as irrational. <br /> <br /> Polanski was also the master of the horror film, which slowly unfolds. There is often ambiguity in his horrors about whether there is indeed anything evil happening, but they are among the most effective in the frightening masses. why? Precisely because they slowly unfold and invest a lot of time in preparing strenuous positions that engulf the viewer in paranoia. Polanski's horror later, The Ninth Gate is a kind of mess, but at least he is still able to achieve this false sense of dismay. <br /> <br /> This is a rare opportunity to see Polanski himself in a key role. His talent in front of the camera was as good as the one behind him, and he was just as perfect as Tilkowski. Another notable performance is the performance of Shelley Winters, which is often overlooked as a concourse. In fact, it is a wonderful collection of stars, although many familiar faces seem to be in place in this strange European Gothic film. It is also sad that many of the French actors who support the roles are badly described in the English version. <br /> <br /> Tenant is more polished and less pretentious than Repulsion, but lacks the thrill and personality that makes Rosemary's Baby so indulge and entertain. The tenant is good, with no major drawbacks, Polanski was in the lead as a director, but he is not among his most sweeping.
