The West of Anthony Mann and Jimmy Stewart are slowly acquiring this job with John Ford and Howard Hawks as the best director in this genre. He certainly knows how to give the dimension to a cute guy Stuart - in the movies Man has a feature for Jimmy that is slowly being shown to the audience. In WINCHESTER '73, Stuart's relationship with his brother and how he became a figure of revenge. Here is a "trust only myself" attitude, which complicates one by one. Even before the movie starts correctly, Jeff Webster (two of the cowboy tenants who were helping a cattle trip to Seattle because of some disagreements) were killed (we were not clear about it - either they wanted to leave the cattle campaign, or tried to steal livestock). <br /> <br /> He meets his match at Skagway, the port he must reach to move his flock to Dawson. The head of Skagway is a law man named Gannon (John McIntyre) who mentions a real coach from Skagway in "Gold Rush" Jefferson "Soapy" and Judge Roy Bean. The problem is that neither Smith nor the two were as bad as Gannon in turning every opportunity into a chance to make some money. Stuart's flock was publicly hanged - so (as a fine) the herd was confiscated (to be sold later for Gannon profits). <br /> <br /> Stuart is partner with Ben (Walter Brennan - who oddly got the last Oscar award he played with Judge Roy Bean). They were also joined by Rob Morris (JC C Felipe) and also met with two masters, Ronda's sophisticated castle (Ruth Roman) and Rene Fallon, friendly and helpful. Ronda works closely with Gannon, but he helped Jeff earlier escape the authorities in Seattle. However, she has a similar attitude "I trust only myself" to Jeff. She gives him a job to get herself supplies to Dawson. He and Ben and Rob go at night (while others sleep) return and steal their cattle. Renee follows and warns them that Gannon and his friends are following him. Jeff has been jailed for a long time enough to bring the herd of cattle across the Canadian border, although Gannon points out that since Jeff's return through Skagway Janon, he can wait until he hugs him. <br /> <br /> The united end of Rhonda and Jeff split across the road to Dawson, while Jeff chose a longer and safer route. Having proved to be right, they go his way and arrive at Dawson only to find that there is an outlaw that threatens society due to the gold fields. The herd is sold to Ronda, and exploration begins for Jeff, Ben, Rob and Rennie. There are soon two groups in Dawson City. One led by Connie Gilcrest and Chubby Johnson wants to build a decent city. But Mounties will not set up a station in Dawson for months. The other, which revolves around Ronda's "Dance Hall," collaborates with Gannon, who has a wide-ranging plan to jump claims with a gang of arms dealers (Robert J. Wilk - really scary in a series with Xavi Johnson, JC Fleben, Jack Allam and Harry Morgan) . Jeff wants to get away from both of them, and to orient his new wealth and son to a farm they want in Utah. But will they get there? Will Jeff remain neutral? <br /> <br /> The performances are amazing here, including Stuart as a man ready to meet all arrivals, but it will be quiet enough. Brennan plays one of his patented ancient explorers, who enjoy a taste of good coffee with unexpectedly bad results. He is drunken at first, but tragedy and responsibility shake him in the frame of my better mind - and he has the chance to stab Stuart verbally in the heart using Stuart's words against him. McIntyre will star on TV in WAGON TRAIN to replace Ward Bond, but his work in Mann shows his abilities as a villain (such as his opportunistic position that beats WINCHESTER '73). It is, as has been said elsewhere in this subject, really labyrinth - but he enjoys a sense of humor. Roman is an interesting combination of opportunism and man, whose fate is determined by its better feelings. Calvert is the voice of conscience and one of the boundaries "Gigi" realizes that she is more than a young girl but an emerging woman. <br /> <br /> The best thing is the background of the Canadian Rockies - it's a wonderful way to use the Valley of the Monument by John Ford. Man has certainly done a first-rate job directing this film, and the viewer will appreciate the results.
