This is mostly a story about the growing relationship between Jeff Webster (Jimmy Stewart) and the castle of Ronda (Ruth Roman). She evokes Jeff in a brief interview on the steamer deck to Scagway, and takes a longer look when he hides in her cabin while the authorities search for him for murder. They discover that they have some common things besides animal attraction. No member of the opposite sex seems to trust, because both of them have married the husbands of those who were deceived. Gradually, they learn to trust each other, during their journey from Skagway to Dawson. But it is clear that Ronda has close dealings with the corrupt corruption mayor, Gannon, and is involved in some suspicious practices at the Castle Hall in Skagway. She must finally decide between Gannon and Jeff. Meanwhile, Rene, a young French woman who is naïve, takes an immediate liking to Geoff, but only gets insulted in return. However, they stick to him on his travels from Scagaway to Dawson and his activities around Dawson. Along with Ronda, she sickens him back to his health after leaving Jeff to kill him at the hands of Gannon in the Gold Weapon. Walter Brennan, as Ben, is the longtime companion of Jeff. It has no dietary role, but it works to soften Jeff's hard edges. His death symbolically opens the door to replace a woman with Jeff. <br /> <br /> John McIntyre (like Sheriff Gannon) is probably the most attractive villain you'll ever see in the movie, blending with magic and humor along with bullying him. He obviously sees something in Jeff, declaring that he will love him. It epitomizes a noisy endorsement of Soapy Smith, who spent his last years in Skagway, as one of the greatest deception men of his time. <br /> <br /> Jeff is an anti-gravity superhero, a loner (except comrade) Ben), who does not want to stick to his neck for others, even when he knows he's the right man for the job. In this regard, closely resembles the character of Bert Lancaster in "Vera Cruz", for example. So Jeff is not only rejecting the job of Marshall Dawson, but is convinced of leaving Dawson after Gannon's gang moved with clear intentions to take over illegal legal claims, while getting rid of some miners and suggesting that the rest were rushing out of Dawson. Even Ronda points out that she and Jeff are coming out quickly from Dawson while they are still alive. After that, Jeff suffers from a sudden change of heart, and he still seems to want revenge on Ben and himself. He turns from a hero against a hero in commanding the expulsion of Gangon from Dawson. In this regard, he differs from the Lancaster character, who never repairs (but did Jeff really change, or just revenge for mistakes made against his own interests?) The main problem I see in the plot is 2 principle woman. It is clear that Rhonda is the right woman to tame Jeff. Although she is characterized as a "bad" girl, Jeff has a fickle past in the recent past, shooting at least 5 men in the United States or Yukon, and stealing his cattle from Gannon. Ironically, shortly after Jeff changed from antagonism to hero to hero, Ronda makes a similar change in running to the street to warn Jeff of an imminent ambush. She died as a result, and Jeff asked her why she did not look for herself (she was supposed to be an abandoned colonel!). <br /> <br /> Corin Calvert, like Rene, obviously does not make a reliable alternative to Rhonda's death, in Jeff's mind. However, the obvious effects of the scene of separation are that they meet, although Jeff did not give her a kiss or a hug. Her image is portrayed as a good young woman, though naïve, to some extent at risk by her work at the Ronda's miners' mine, which weighs their golden dust, pushing the dust that leaks on the ground and recovers later. Nor am I very clear about her relationship with Rob Morris, a middle-aged mine worker who follows and works with him (not her father). <br /> <br /> Another problem is how to deal with amateur gunfights between a gang and Jeff and Janon. If Canon had any skill at all with a gun, he would have to kill or seriously hit Jeff under that corridor, before Jeff did the same to him. And how did Jeff suddenly hit his right hand and become good enough to shoot a pistol with ease? I also wonder what Jeff and his friends did to help save the victims of the collapse. It was too far away to pull them alive from under the snow. Why did not most horses and mules in Ronda also be buried because of the avalanche? <br /> <br /> You will see a group of unknown but familiar faces between the miners and the gang of Gannon. The footage taken in the Canadian Rocky Mountains provides a breathtaking backdrop. All in all, the Western is very entertaining, with most of the major flaws finally concentrated. There is no doubt that this film takes some great liberties with history and geography, in particular, the part that takes place in the Canadian Yukon, which was actually quieter than the American Scagway.
