EXTREMITIES is the disturbing and dramatic version of a play by William Mastriosimone (who adapted his own play on screen) about a woman being attacked in her car one night by a potential usurper on her way home and terrifying her. She realizes that the man got her bag and knows where Live in it. After leaving her roommate to work the next day, the man appears in her house and tries to rape her. The story takes a surprising twist when a woman once runs the tables on the man and is able to overcome him; but when she realizes that there is no way to prove the attempted rape, if the man is arrested, he will come down and decide to keep him at home so she can get Recognition of it. Out of reach? Can. Disturbance? Sure, but there is a wonderful sense of fear about this film, especially the medium with the woman and her attacker only, that you can only feel part of what is going on. I did not see the play on Broadway, but I imagine that a piece like this works better on stage, but that does not make this film a less exciting experience. Farah Fawcett, one of the last actresses on Broadway, has won the role of Marjorie in the film's production, and performs deeply and deeply deeply as a victim who refuses to be a victim. Many critics found that the performance of Fawcett was one observation, but to me, Marjorie is a completely drugged woman and she has done well for me. James Russo, in his career, is adventurous and intimidated like a potential rapist who finds Marjorie that much more challenging than he was supposed to. Frey Woodard and Diana Scarwood together with their colleague in Marjorie's room, who returned home after Marjorie beat the man and tied him up in the fireplace when they arrived. It was the roommates who brought the story to an unexpected level because they did not see what Marjorie saw, so I think they should contact the police and let them deal with the man. Not for the faint of heart, but if you can bear it, the experience of a film that is sweeping it is based on a remarkable performance that surprises you.
