The last-minute collaboration between director Anthony Mann and star James Stewart (except for the few days in which Man worked in the film Night Passage before breaking up with the star under less favorable conditions), The Far Country lends its view to presenting another image of a bitter man . Unwilling to redeem him, fight him every step of the way. This time, he was a cattle driver, whose response to labor problems - challenging defiant children to a gunfight at the end of the route - led to the confiscation of his livestock by the horrific John McIntyre judge at Roy's School of Law and Order. He stole them again and took them across the Canadian border, he quickly found himself unwilling in the growing conflict between the prospectors and the judge, betraying them or killing them from their claims ... <br /> <br /> While there is no big surprise in any direction Stuart eventually turns, Bitter bitterly staggering along the way, so he used his desire to be left alone for just the excuse not to warn a group of researchers about an imminent ice break when he had the chance because it was not his problem. For most of the film, there is really only a widening of his poetry with McIntyre, which the judge immediately recognizes, revealing his own kind spirit even as he plans to kill him. In many ways, the residents of the city who have put their trust in him may also recognize him - despite their appeals for his dead and buried nature, there is an explicit admission that the only person who can stand before a judge is almost a bad person. <br /> <br /> As usual with Mann, there is exceptional use of high-rise townships, although the final showdown takes place on flat ground. The film is almost perfectly portrayed with the strong support of Walter Brennan, Harry Morgan and Roth Roman Despite the interest of young Koreans as young Calver disturbed). Sadly, the great cinematic photography of the Canadian Rockies has only succeeded in a few advantages by conveying an average DVD clearly, with a play trailer only as an additional addition.
