(Spoilers in the first paragraph) The anti-German sentiment in this film is now a painful one, but it is a remarkable example of the great propaganda of wartime. It was made when Cecil B. Demel is still a great way out. (Ignoring all subsequent Best Picture Academy awards; never making a good soundtrack). This film lacks the comedy of most other Pickford films, and it was really a DeMille film, not Pickford's. The distortion of the Germans can be compared to the way the Patriot of 2000 did with the British. The only good German in the film was a sinister sinister named Osterheim. Even Beckford made a disastrous trip aboard a luxury ship destroyed by a German submarine. So what makes Americans more exciting? Sinking Lucitania, or watching the Canadian-American imports sink into it? Throughout the film, Demel runs his heroine from one kind of terrible disaster to another, barely escaping death, hypothermia, corruption, rape, execution, and explosions that kick off at the right place to keep it safe. The way they are rescued from the firing squad is no more valid than the way humans were saved in the Jurassic Park of the Philoserptors. If I am more naive to such propaganda, I will punish myself for having a German origin of partial origin. <br /> <br /> Was it a good movie? Apart from the funny joke that the Americans abroad think they can not be touched ?? It was so apparently a joke up at the time? May not be at all. You'll find him more than a little melodramatic, obviously unilaterally, but the first thing that comes to my mind after watching it is that years before Potemkin filmed the fault of the massacre revolutionized the language of cinema as well as the potential of the film for publicity. It made me wonder: what Cecil became. Demel? Somewhere between the appearance of the sound and the "Greatest Show on Earth" he seemed to lose his ambition. Ben-Hor seemed expensive, but not ambitious. In a sentence, this film is dedicated to 1) film historians, 2) Silent Film Buffs, 3) admire Mary Pickford, or 4) admire DeMille, if that person exists.
