This Western tale of the golden rush of excitement and romance and James Stewart on the screen. The "Far Country" is the only among all Stuart Mann's five Westerners who are often ignored. Stuart, once again, puts a new look on the permanent personalities of the five Westerners at Stuart Mann. Jeff Webster (Stewart) is uninterested, always looking for himself, which is why he is very surprised when people are nice and kind with him. Ironically, he wears the bell on his saddle, which he will not ride without him. This indicates that he may care only about one person - his friend, Ben Tatum, played by Walter Brennan, because it was Tatum who gave it. Man, once again, takes a fresh look at the current characters that have always been placed in Stuart Mann's five Westerns. It displays violence, excitement, plot transitions, romance, and corruption. The story is that Jeff and Ben, through a series of events, ended up in the fast-paced Dawson City, along with the gold partners Calvet and Felipe, not a beautiful but beautiful Romania and its appointed men. They are unable to leave, because he and his "deputies" will hang them because the only way out is Skagway, the city of Gannon. But in the end, McIntyre comes to them, but not to Stewart's collection and / or a fine he is supposed to owe to the government. What is McIntire out there? It is there to deceive the miners of their claims and their money. Kill people. Dawson's police chief is necessary, and Calvette Stewart is elected because he is good at Venice. However, Stewart refuses the job, because he plans to get all he can of gold, then withdraws. He rejects this because he does not like helping people, because law and order always kill someone. Therefore, Flippen is elected instead. A miner was killed because he was trying to stand in front of one of Gannon's men, an evil, armed gunman named Madden, with two guns played by Wilk. Fleben tries to arrest Madden and sees that justice will be achieved, but he can not stand in front of him, until he gets drunk in the city. A man named Yukon replaces Philip. Stuart and Tatum start pulling out, but Gannon's men are in an ambush. Tatum was killed and Stewart wounded. Stuart finally realizes he has to do something, or Gannon will take Dawson's responsibility, set his own rules, and become his city, just like Skagway. The public is also aware of what Stuart should do. Another thing that the public realizes is that Stewart is the only thing that stands between the city's residents and Gannon. If Stuart left, Gannon controlled the city. If Stuart still did not do anything about it, the townspeople would be killed one by one mercilessly and uselessly. This is where a wonderful scenery happens. Stuart walks in his cabin. He has ropes on his arm. For a few seconds, his weapon, in his belt, hung on a pillar beside his bed, the gun close, Stewart in the background, directly inside the door. Stare at it for a few seconds. He threw the launcher away. The crane falls on the back of the chair and falls to the ground. This is symbolic, because he throws his old life, which consisted of not caring for anyone but himself. He has entered into his new life, to help people when they need help. What ends with the film is the angry display of guns, an angry display of good against evil, a real good feeling that everything will be fine.
