Definitely spoilers in this review! I ** LOVE ** gothic american I have done since I first saw her late at night when I first broadcast on Ch4 in the UK when I was 14 years old. The comparisons made with Stephen King are quite correct. It's a supernatural strangely small town but with great layered characters. The best thing about it, and why I loved him so much, was that he had the courage to never be black and white! Lucas Buck, despite his lack of conscience, often works, he says, to give people enough rope to comment. Manipulation works only because of the weak morality of others. Caleb Although he is a thoughtful, gentle and deep boy he can sometimes show the dark side inherent to his father. None of the characters are good or even bad with the appearance of angelic Merlin angrily dismissed by the reckless retribution of The Plague Sower. Not only that, but with a generation, closer to the mother of Caleb, not only sleep with Lucas, but despite everything you know made me realize that this show will only go there and do not apologize for it. I'm a Buffy fan, but when this show tried to become "dark" in the following seasons, he failed miserably because he lost his comic side and did not fully comply with his ideas. AG shows that you can have a morally bankrupt personality in the heart of the show, and you still have a hell of a laugh doing it. <br /> <br /> I can not even think of why it was canceled and I "will only get mad at the absurdity of everything.There is a lot of garbage on the TV and good original performances are being discarded and sealed.Through the appearance of DVD at least I can see the whole show Yes, some of the pictures are now dated, but the strange, scary atmosphere is well provided by the story lines, all of which perform so well that it makes up for some of the strange things in the camera. <br /> <br /> The only reason I think That someone might not like this offer is that it is not like X-files where there are "solved" or lost situations where there are huge questions not It is quite clear from the start that Lucas Buck has some kind of evil power, and that the show is about fighting for the spirit of Caleb, so this show may frustrate people who are looking for an unknown goal or "truth" to find. Some mysterious aspects that have not been answered, with some aspects such as the truth about Gails that are resolved, but unlike Lost and X - this offer is not about trying to discover more "facts" about what is happening in the IMO. It is all about personalities and the way they have to face ethical choices in the twisted world of trinity. Personally I will get such a kick from seeing Lucas turning every position in his favor. <br /> <br /> All in all is the main thing I have to say is to check it out. I'm sure most fantasy / horror lovers will love it. Even though it has been canceled, all characters have arches and there is enough in the end to give some sense of closure. The only outstanding thread I felt was Dr. Matt. His absence in recent episodes is strange. <br /> <br /> I will do anything for the second season, but at least there are 22 full episodes and maybe because of the lack of some courageous TV shows, I would be happy because this wonderful program was made at all !! !
