This time, Blackadder was no longer king (or so close to being anything like that) ... Instead, he served for Prince Regent, filmed by Hugh Laurie (who replaces Tim McKinarny, This hole was never filled ... His personality was innocent charm ... While its hump was modest and complete, we could not help but care about it, which it did not apply at all replacing it (as improbable absurd) apparently, according to the trivia page ), Not to mention loud and not quite threatening. Edmund can now do whatever he wants, and he does. Why is it so frustrating and angry (frankly, it becomes frustrating at times)? Yes, master clown, they are always so. He does not seem to lack money, nor face any risk. In the second series, the queen was hurtful and boyish, and someone would be cut off - or married - for a whim. Here simply there is no risk at all for any exciting and enjoyable conflict. There is still a comment and even a little spelling. Often, it seems as if they believe that history was funny enough on its own, so they just reassert it, do not bother to actually turn the facts into jokes or gags. I can not tell you how many of them I knew before they were done, literally more than a minute away. This is usually not positive when you know the pipeline before delivery. Baldrick does not change from last season ... It is still pathetic and stupid, leading to "silly" humor. Frankly, the amount goes across the ceiling. Do not make me started in the total stuff. The satirical wit can still be great, although it is much less than before. I would say that half of the episodes were amusing and somewhat funny, while the other three did not enter me at all. I was disappointed at the predictability of some of the plans and developments ... I could see many of these pieces a mile away. Some articles try to be very funny and wind ends up being incredibly compelling. This continues with the tradition initiated by the "II" in letting plans succeed from time to time. The subject is the worst in the group, stocks are the least serial. All in all, this is, by far, the least preference among the four. I recommend it to franchise lovers and British comedy in general. 10/07
