Saying you got a movie about John Holmes is a guarantee to get some people in front of the screen, but writer / director James Cox delivers a lot. The movie "Rashamon" from Hollywood's shaky Hollywood series is released in Wonderland in July 1981, killing a variety of angles (and film stocks), but mostly through John Holmes's brain-brainer. In a movie full of bad guys, Holmes is either the bad guys, the most pathetic or both. Several versions of the story appear and merge with the blinking Cox and jump and jump on title papers amidst influences and passion. The dialogue is fast and natural and does not make mistakes once. While the movie takes its place two years after Holmes has gone out of porn and into a really evil drug fueled by corruption, Kilmer exudes relentlessly very intense sexual life and can be measured in inches. This sexual activity at the extremities creates a sense of vow that hangs over the entire film, such as violence in its midst. These crimes are disturbed by the entire film, although it is never clearly shown, not even at its height, although the acts of violence it perpetuates the entire picture relentlessly and many blood is scattered on the walls and scenes of the crime scene. Again, Val Kilmer shows as Holmes explains that he is able to act better than anyone else who works. Strutting, crumbling, boasting or begging, Kilmer is in a permanent character and personality is always a wonderful car wreck. The performances next to Kilmer certainly highlight Ted Levin as a key investigative officer and Lisa Kudrow as a distant wife of Holmes. The trio of criminals includes Holmes, the terrifying terrifying power of Josh Lucas, Timothy Blake Nelson, who is absolutely impressive, and Dylan McDermott, who is never recognizable in a pivotal role as one of the novels, another version of the killings. Cox suggests that no matter how much we know about Wonderland, there is always a worse version, but looking at the debauchery around it is more wonderful than understanding the truth.
