Unfortunately, in such cases, there are many conflicting stories where everyone tries to blame others so that it is almost impossible to get a clear picture of what actually happened. This film is a victim of such circumstances. The authors (many of them) decided to take all the stories and give them to the public to allow them to determine the version of truth that suits them best. As in the case of real life, there is no clear answer, no finale, leaving the public with a general idea of ​​not achieving it (like coffee without caffeine, or having sex without a peak). Whodunnits with no whodunnit is generally frustrating and makes you wonder why someone did research before putting it there. At least describe your film as a fantasy if this is up to (that means). <br /> <br /> This does not mean that there are not some great offers here. Kilmer (as Holmes) plays a prominent role in bringing some humanity into what is otherwise an indifferent character. Kilmer, the real-life lovers and friends who consulted the film, invited the audience to watch a disturbed, selfish man, although his mistakes were many and great, but many people were loved and cared for (except himself). Kudrow as a Holmes wife, just gives a glimpse of the dramatic actress that can be, but she is very memorable and memorable. Bosworth's personality was not as emotionally complex as it could have been to show more internal conflict to give credence to what eventually happened between Don and Holmes (I turned him six months into his flight to Florida). Bosworth's apple-free performance is annoying at the right time, sometimes touching, but does not show any of the backbone that Schiller should have. Other characters fade into the woodwork which is unfortunate. Lucas is a wonderful performer who could have sunk his teeth in this role had he been embodied. Even Dylan McDermott was surprisingly able to play the role of biker in the drug trade. <br /> <br /> This movie is not the fault of this film but of writing. Many chefs spoil the soup, and this boiler is full of promise, eventually making you feel hungry. The story and the characters may have been less sympathetic, but in which film are they not? Other films, such as cowboys at a 1989 drugstore, starring Matt Dillon (who was said to have been asked to play this role and refused), worked with a similar subject and mastered him so much that you felt close to the main character at the end of the film, despite what he did. Sand Sand could give James Cox and his crew some lessons. If someone had bothered himself to try to find the truth, it was an interesting story. As it is, you will find the accompanying WADD documentary more acceptable (on DVD 2) and much more useful. You will realize from the DVD that Holmes was not a bad man, but not too well ... because most people.
