John Holmes is very famous, he is notorious (as the three Amigos say). This is a Rashomon-like story about the events surrounding the Wonderland crimes of the early 1980s in Los Angeles. The story is compiled together from a few re-listed participants. There is a story from the perspective of the friend, David Lind (played by Dylan McDermott). Is one of the participants in the robbery at Eddie Nash's place (Eddie Nash is a notorious drug dealer - supposedly the same character played by Alfred Molina at Boogie Nights) and is very much at the drug site. There is the perspective of John Holmes (played by Val Kilmer), making him come out between two hostages (with a severe case of cocaine cravings). There are also decorative memories of the wife of John (Sharon - played by Lisa Codro) and his girlfriend (Dawn - played by Kate Bosworth), which fills the gaps between the two stories. It is essentially the same timeframe that we look at, just issuing each character. The only thing that is missing is the perspective of the dead. <br /> <br /> Paul Thomas Anderson in Boogie Nights depicts John Holmes as a rather heroic figure, with a tragic but comical Karma. It is a caricature of a real person. More than that, he was a mixed child who got what he got through his "big" donations. Director James Cox turns comedy and turns this episode into John's life into a nightmare we all watch. The details of the real murders make this film even stranger. <br /> <br /> Val Kilmer learned about Jim Morrison from The Doors and improved the performance of the Salton Sea, and then strengthened it to bring us John Holmes' degradation through cocaine. All actors pull a very realistic picture looking for cocaine addicts. The performance of Josh Lucas is highlighted as one of the best in the film. Plays the role of Ron Leonius (I think this character is supposed to be the same person as Thomas Jane of Boogie Nights). Ron was the gang leader, and he loved having John Holmes around him as a grandmother and craving cocaine like sharks with blood. Cocaine abuse seems so realistic that one thinks. Do you really use Splenda? <br /> <br /> Boogie Nights feels like pop music (lots of colors and nostalgia for the 70s), Wonderland is dark. Work fast and furious, with lots of hops. It is thick and granular. There is no comedy, just a never-ending pace, as if the director is trying to put us into a fast-paced, emotional nervous cocaine to make us feel what the characters feel. This is a graphic film. She has one of the most violent scenes I've seen in a movie. It actually shows the murders themselves (through the eyes of John Holmes at first and then from the perspective of a third person). It is very graphic, it seems like a police evidence of a crime. I had to stop after this scene and remind myself that it was just a movie. Certainly this film is not recommended for everyone. I recommend it as a good alternative to Boogie Nights, for those interested in other aspects of John Holmes. <br /> <br /> -Celluloid Rehab
