I recently used to buy any interesting Criterion DVD. I suspect that even if I do not like the movie, Criterion usually provides enough additional material to compensate for any deficiencies in the actual film. I read about them, and I bought them the most interesting for me. <br /> <br /> Le Million is my last purchase and I must say I'm not disappointed in the film. It is cheery, funny, and romantic. Everything about it is very excellent. The songs are wonderful. If you understand French, it is perhaps the most important and most enriching of the day. Very good representation of this kind of film. American music in the classical Hollywood era relied on song and dance more than the characters and the real story, but in a million, the characters were fairly sophisticated, and the story, although not very impressive, is not at all. I liked the development of relations, especially the relationship between the best friends of Michelle and Prosper. Romantic moments are also very well developed. The trend is almost perfect, with several very memorable moments. Probably the most perfect scene of the film occurs immediately after the couple's argument. Are hiding in the opera stage, and the opera singer sings lines explained by the couple, Michelle and Beatrice, according to their own situation. This is certainly one of the most important points in the history of cinema. The scene made me laugh, beat me with a very sweet romance, and made me think of how intelligent the director was. I give this film 9/10. <br /> <br /> P.S. - Some information for anyone who has the same faith in the standard that I do and intend to buy it. Of the Criterion tablets I own now, Le Million has the fewest features. All she has is a photo gallery (not all that is useful; one can flip it once) and a rare television interview with director Rene Clare. This piece has some interest. He was one of the many directors who began a silent film, and when the talk was first introduced, he said they were the death of the film. I think most people interested in movies understand what these directors mean when they say that, but it's interesting to hear that explains it. Also, if you've read the description of this movie on Amazon.com, please note that it was wrong in one important aspect: Not every line in the movie is played. In fact, it contains no more than regular musical songs. It's really like Chaplin, Buster Keaton or Marx Brothers. My criticism of the CD is not that important. Heck, Criterion has the right to slap me around to make these complaints. The truth is that people may have spent hundreds of hours repairing a film that only 20 people (now 21) voted for imdb, and only about 100 people will watch the film. Heck, if you look at the Criterion website, Le Million can not be found. I have no idea why not. It's something they should be proud of (of course, their website is terribly terrible). They did a good job in this film. Bravo! They deserve all the money I can pay to give them!
