Karen (Sarah Michelle Gillard), a student exchange in Japan just started to do some social work, was sent to help an elderly woman quasi-Katunya, Emma (Grace Zabriski), after her previous care, Yoko (Yoko Maki), disappears. Karen soon learned that something was not right in Emma's house, trying to "see how deep the rabbit hole was." <br /> <br /> This may have been recently due to the success of M. Night Shyamalan's films, but the slowest pace, and the horror films are down the last trend. In some cases, such as Hide and Seek (2005), the method works well, and in other cases, such as white noise (2005), the tendency tends to kill the film. I did not like The Grudge just like Hide and Seek, but this movie is still good - it earns me 9 out of 10. <br /> <br /> The Grudge has great differences from other recent examples of this trend, however. First, it is known that this is a new version based on the Japanese series that began with Ju-On (in particular, it is very close to the first half of Ju-On: The Grudge, also known as Ju-On 3, 2003). Second, as with many Japanese horror films, the slowness of speed here is not in the real world of drama as much as with surrealism. As with a large proportion of European horror, the Grudge should be seen as a nightmare. <br /> <br /> Director Takashi Shimizu, who is also the director of the five Japanese entries on the Ju-On series so far (currently under production), writer Stephen Susko has largely deviated from linearity and does not care much about holes or conspiracies when it comes to It's terrifying behind the story. The idea instead is to present a series of scenes that resemble a dream, with dream logic, where the focus is the atmosphere, the creeping, the strange thing, and for many viewers - fear. The degree of success of the film will depend to a large extent on your ability to adapt to or adapt to this different approach in filmmaking (although it is recognized that some of the apparent gaps are filled by previous entries in a magazine on a series). Traditionally, the American public sees flaws leaving the threads of the plot hanging and abandoning the "rules" of the "beast". A more poetic, borrowed, and surrealistic approach to the film has not been accepted by the mainstream in the United States. <br /> <br /> However, even if you are not familiar with it, you should try to comment on your stereotypes about movies and give the clown a shot. This is a well-written, well-directed and well-written film full of unusual features, such as the story that intersects with a large number of "main characters" (which is better than the most popular Ju-On 3), good cinematography, (Check out Gellar clothes, which correspond to the color and texture of Emma's home, when Gellar approaches for the first time), and the beautifully effective horror materials. <br /> <br /> Although it is going at a slower pace that your average horror movie in the past, usually boosts the strange speed, there is no shortage of alien events to keep lovers of horror entertained. The film's superscript premise sucks, and based on the interviews on DVD with Shimizu, urged me to pay more attention to Japanese beliefs and folklore. Although the most exciting subtexts may arise with more intimate knowledge of Japanese culture, it is interesting to think about why so many Japanese horror films show frightening children and adults who look like scary children. As for the film, it deviates slightly into the land of mystery / vulgar excitement with the appearance of "back to the top what really happened", but even this was fairly good, otherwise it could have been 10 out of 10. <br /> <br /> Now Having said all of the above, let me just finish: it does not mean I'm remade, but it's absurd that distributors and studios in the United States feel we need to reproduce foreign films to make them suitable for consumption. Original versions of these movies should only be played in American theaters. There is no need to present an almost identical film, but only to replace white American actors with non-white or foreign actors. Yes, The Grudge is a good movie, but I finally see the best thing that uses this original talent, and I deal with the latest foreign horror movies - not only Japanese, but also Hindi, Spanish, Chinese and others. In my multiple. In the hope that this will be read by someone in the studios, this is more cost-effective, where you can (1) avoid production costs altogether, make local profit-taking deals, and (2) DVDs for foreign films in foreign versions manufactured or even bootleg.
