It is said that David Lynch's films and shorts will not attract everyone. Dumbland will not do, probably more than ever before. I have a feeling that Dumbland, when people encounter it, will be a real sign of "get it" or "what the hell". It is not exactly surreal, but absurd to the point of no return. She is also very, very stupid. But in this stupidity can be a kind of cynical intelligence for her, so that knows the well-being of the extent of being childish and hateful, and this awareness of self-plus and not derogatory. <br /> <br /> It's just a bunch of amazing short films - a kind that might not be made in the animated show Hertzfeldt and Judge (which, I might add, Lynch here has a lot in common with both directors centered around lummox with He has a wife who is constantly trembling, a child who looks like a cross between a gingerbread man and / or a stranger, and small rings like a vicious circle, one of the sellers who can read the title Gettysburg, watches a sick brother in law and ants and falls on the couch All the time, Lynch was still experimenting, because he was always getting better or worse during a five-year period Years in and out of the inner empire. <br /> <br /> For one reason, it goes back to the roots of his first short story, six numbers six times, in the use of repetition as meaning to its end, and this sometimes works well As with the ring with sitting around the house do nothing because the teeth bleed and flies fly around, a kind of candles fades and fades without much effect.Even an episode like the appearance of a friend of a man is very funny, comparing between Peeves and Butt Head (both laugh like idiots, and are equally busy killing things like fish and sheep). What ends with the work is how Lynch shows the raving abstractions in the foreground, in the most horrifying ways imaginable, and excessive violence. <br /> <br /> In what is closest to surrealism in the "ants", the man accidentally misdiagnoses a bribe (nicknamed "Kill," one of Lynch's very cheap but funniest in social conferences) on himself, and imagines Ants in the line of a musical choir, single solos included. One of the most ridiculous things I have seen by the director is "Get the Stick", where we see the man who was chanted by his son and puts a stick in his mouth. As soon as the neck explodes, the eyes pop, and once the stick is removed, it does not care about the traffic as a cover. Other such moments come in unexpected cracks, painted as if they were on cheap paper with an impulse to shock in foul language (mostly from a man, as well as from "grandma", which speaks in Lynch's voice about the characters being the deepest) A fragile quality reminds us of the crop oil from Hertzfeldt (early). <br /> <br /> However, I'm still not sure whether Dumbland is something I would put in someone's hands if they have not seen so much of Lynch yet let alone anything before him. There are some small points in society that are made through the full exaggeration that may or may not be in the minds of Lynch closer than we normally think of those in real life. But in general, there is not much to read, and for that reason I say more than half of those who think he will hate it passionately. Those who drill less than the bottom of animated comedy, be prepared to have an explosion.
