Dominic (Nikki) Luciano wears a "halk" shirt and flows every day to perform his duties as a garbage man. His physical strength is used to capture and transfer the waste of others to the town dump. He reads comic book hero stories and likes wrestlers and wrestling, and is going to WrestleMania with his twin brother Eugene at his birthday an annual tradition. Speaks gently with many people who communicate with them during their day. He reads comic books, which he finds in the trash, with a young boy who often passes by on the garbage road. Unfortunately, Dominique has a diminished ability to use his opinion. Suffers from a disability. <br /> <br /> Dominic was hit by a head injury during which he suffered a traumatic brain injury (TBI). This injury has left him slower, although he has not changed his basic characteristics as a strong individual helping to protect others. Dominique is in fact more able to live independently than it may seem at the beginning of the film. He lives with Eugene who is studying to become a doctor. Dominic provides the main source of income, while Eugene is out of school. Eugene must face the fact that he will continue his education in a different city, and that he must stay away from Dominique. Eugene also develops a love story that begins with his separation from his twin brother. <br /> <br /> The film specifically deals with domestic abuse and how it can affect individuals, families and society at large. The tension between Eugene and Dominic, while Eugene realizes he must finally leave Nicky, bursts on his birthday night. Eugene yells at Dominic and shoots him on the wall. At the moment, Eugene must face his fears of being like his abusive father, the father whom Dominic had protected against him while he himself became the victim of the assault. This event fostered love between the two brothers, who have since become better friends. Although they need each other, they also need independence and the ability to develop and develop relationships with others. The fact that they must be part of the emotional strain has become very real. However, by the end of the film, Dominic can say goodbye to his brother and wish him well. Eugene is able to leave his brother confident that he has begun to create a social network of people who care about him and help him in his independence. <br /> <br /> When Dominique witnesses the abuse of his friend, he is forced to confront face to face with his own cause of shock. In this state of extreme tension, Dominique closes almost completely. Then he runs after the ambulance to the hospital to see what happened to his friend. After learning that the boy has died, the abusive father tells him, fearing his testimony, that he sees nothing, knows nothing, does not say anything, and that if he does, he will be killed. Now that his life has been threatened, he goes and finds the handgun Larry used to kill mice. Goes to the dead boy's wake and at gunpoint, kidnaps the sad child's family. He escapes from the scene and hides in a building. When the police surround him, Eugene goes to the building to talk to his brother. Then Eugene reveals why Dominic is obstructed and returns the baby. The abusive father carries a weapon of his own threatening to kill Dominic, but Eugene stops him and tells Dominic the crowd that he saw the father throwing his son on the stairs. <br /> <br /> Through the climatic end, the issue of behavior is disrupted. Although Dominique's instinct to save the child can be understood, we also see the extent to which this response is damaged. Dominique put the life and life of the child at grave risk. The larger societal consequences of these events are not directly involved, but rather appear through finished films. Despite filming the most optimistic conclusion, it is likely that there has been another sequence of events, where Dominique was accused of kidnapping and possessing a firearm. It is fairly difficult to believe that this is no longer missing. Moreover, even if Dominique is not charged, there may still be a stain on him within society, not that no one has been there before. Instead, the film shows that we must be able to recognize the problematic behavior and act to curb it. <br /> <br /> Dominique and Eugene were released in 1988, the same year as another film, Renman, which won five Oscars. While Reinman was an achievement and helped increase the visibility of people with disabilities, it can be said that Dominique and Eugene hold more valuable lessons for society. Rainman explained that the mainstream American community may be able to learn from the "savior" and take care of it, if the "savior" is the heir to a large drug. Dominic and Eugene showed that a person with a disability may be able to take care of members of the American community and help them save them. The message of an independent disabled person may be strong for 1988. We hope that one day society will see the strengths of disabled individuals, not as a threat, but as necessary for the strength of society.
