I collect horror movies from everywhere and watched what is good and very bad - Zombie Bloodbath is a low budget video. Certainly, acting bad, story telling is basically a combination of all the zombie films that are collected together and the quality is low in some locations. The thing that seems to be missing is that it is still amusing and very enjoyable. The effects range, as someone here said, the zombie with smiley faces that seem like KISS rejects those really good ones with some amazing latex works. But why you bought a movie with such a title is the reason for this film, and this film is amazing in this area. The effects are very good for such a small film. Someone called him a concert film. 100% Fun Party Movie. I have heard from various websites that this is actually a "hard cut" of the film, which has a generic version but the actual "Director Outlet" comes on DVD and it is of great quality. I will buy it and judge it myself. <br /> <br /> The story is that the nuclear power plant gets worse and makes zombies. The government closes them and hides the story and the buildings on which the sanctions will be built. Some of the factory is still underground and these undead come and attack the area. A few actors do a great job, and there are some straight social comments that are rich and honest, good music, brilliant lighting, some effective thrill, and tons of blood and sick wounds. One man is being attacked and robbed from the lower area all the way, if you know what I mean. Then the courage is pushed out of his mouth. Another torn in half like the day of the dead and did a wonderful job in this sense. There are a million nonsense Gore and it's almost everything. I say stop being proud, enjoy life and get more movies like Zombie Bloodbath and Meat market. Two large undead salts. <br /> <br /> Well - updated !!! I just got a DVD set and here's what I thought: <br /> <br /> A much better picture quality and one time I was able to see the real "director cut" of the film, which is a much better film. I liked it before, but now I can see what Todd Sheets was trying to do. The commentary also helps, when you hear sheets that talk about the film in detail, that it is known as a majestic zombie film, but it shows respect for all the people involved. Also, Sheets has a great sense of humor and some modest integrity that others can learn from in film. Behind the scenes from Zombie Bloodbath is very enjoyable as well. I felt that he was just as happy as the film that was produced for him. There are some wonderful and behind-the-scenes interviews, mixed with news stories about the film from some of the major venues like CNN, FOX and MTV. On the whole, a very interesting little movie around the edges, but still laughing and enjoying the trip! I've seen many digital videos, some videos, many of them very boring, but this movie was not. Although the latest digital video is technically superior, it is not just great fun! <br /> <br /> PS - I heard she was remaking this now with a big budget ???
