I've just got your copy of this DVD set, and although it's not perfect, I've found that overall experience is a fun way to waste some time. I have to say in the introduction that I am a fan of Zombie movies, and I really think that the wonderful people who made these films should also be. I also have a quiet place for people who try, sometimes despite all odds, to live a dream. Again, these people are doing it. Is this a collection of award winning films? No. Not so close. But for what they do on their meager budgets, they should be recommended. To me, the bottom line is always, I never had? Have you had a good time with this movie? Here the answer to both was "yes". The first in the series is also the most rough. It opens a kind of accident in a nuclear facility and melts people or something like that. A few years later, a new housing community was built on the site of the old reactor. Some children who make a video are in a hole and find themselves trapped in the lower levels of the facility. They are rescued, but the opening is not closed and people start to open the hole. Soon, the whole city was bypassed by Undead. These zombies are fun. They move from cold rotting makeup to the cheapest slap on the white face at all, but fun. The entire film culminates in a confrontation between the final survivors of the region and the Ondad, where our heroes go to the lowest levels of the reactor to remove the zombies and close the hole forever! Very cheesy, but I guess it was supposed to be. Still, moving very fast, contains buckets of hideous effects and really tries to get some elegance. The representation is uneven, but some good performances shine and one should listen to the suspension path. I came back and saw it again and found it to be a good part of the experience and fun that the crew and crew experienced in the film. Director Todd Sheats looks very proud of this first film, but has no illusions either. He knows it is a majestic zombie film, but it shows respect for the people involved. Also, Sheets has a great sense of humor and some modest integrity that others can learn from in film. Behind the scenes from Zombie Bloodbath is very enjoyable as well. I felt that he was just as happy as the film that was produced for him. There are some wonderful and behind-the-scenes interviews, mixed with news stories about the film from some of the major venues like CNN, FOX and MTV. On the whole, a very interesting little movie around the edges, but still laughing and enjoying the trip! I've seen many digital videos, some videos, many of them very boring, but this movie was not. Although the latest digital video is technically superior, it is not fun! In general, this solid material, if somewhat flawed, is released with a lot of additives and tons of smudges and stains. Although none of the major rules for making the movement went wrong, I found that the series was fun and always laughing, so I give you this group a strong recommendation. Todd Gates did not try to make the award-winning artists here, but sometimes he tried, despite all odds, to make fun of the zero budget, the evil terror, and to that end he succeeded in breaking things up.
