So Todd once mentioned that in his 1993 film, Z-The Zombie Bloodbath, which was filmed on the video, was his first feature film. Anyone who has seen the beauty ever called Zombie Rampage knows exactly how true this statement is. I mean, what makes this much more superior? Well, again, Zombie Rampage does not include this mullet guy, do you do it now? <br /> <br /> To understand exactly why Zombie Bloodbath really deserves a curse, one must remember what the 1990s were like to the lovers of horror. A decade, but goodbye to both B and Z-cinema as we know it. Technological advances, alien trends, and the Internet would eliminate the mysterious charm of the great golden years of boxing. And anything like the high quality of the shocks was self-conscious because it was good, and basically defeated the goal. Fortunately, not everyone changes with time. Enter Zombie Bloodbath. <br /> <br /> I think this is the part where I expounded exactly the same hypothesis from another 500 zombie clicks from the past 40 years. Well, then, there's a kind of accident at a nuclear plant that hits everyone on the horizon, turning them into zombies who eat meat, go on a hike, and make some of the most absurd and humorous scenes of the 1990s. The first 20 minutes are filled with the most extraordinary conversations you can imagine. Talks that let you know that this is not just a low-budget zombie flick, it's a Z-flea disaster. Many hysterical, non existent acting to get around, this goes treble to Mr. Mollet. This guy is really the highlight of the night. <br /> <br /> The fact that Todd Sheets looks seriously at Zombie Bloodbath as better than Zombie Rampage is a pleasure. I mean really, they're both full jokes on the celluloid, but again, as are the Redneck Zombies, so, Todd Sheets is clearly in a state of shock. By 1993, this bad movie will no doubt be a spoof, but Mr. Shits stands in his way, giving us some of the good old fashion, and the way it was supposed to be, unconsciously, and uselessly. God bless you. For anyone looking to get 90 B-Horror games, Dark Life Jonker's Darkness should be at the top of your list. For Zombie Bloodbath, if you are a noisy dog ​​who was bored about sometime in 1990, 1993 will be the perfect time to take pictures. 10/08
