There is not much I can say about this movie more than all the comments on the first page, except - as Jesse says - "It's Mulberry." All commentators wrote the page eloquently - almost like in the dialog box in this movie. This may be just one of those phantom things that we hear about a lot, but usually by the actors who present the lines: a beautiful scenario. Robert Redford may have rigged the actors / actresses while filming this film, so as not to miss the beauty of the story. <br /> <br /> I too, attended the church when I was very young. In late teens. The priest of the Church spoke eloquently and quietly as Pastor Maclean did in his church. This, in itself, is a completely different picture that is filmed from the Southern Baptist Churches - do not roll around in my church. It was a great church, with many different programs to keep the congregation busy - and perhaps the most inspiring part was music with a huge chorus and almost classical chants. Also, the Sunday evening group was almost young. Did you even know it was safe to go to church on Sunday night? How I wish I was still! Watching a "river passing through" is very much like hearing a beautiful sermon in a church whose members are fully engaged in life. As it is already beautifully written, the sermon of this film is Montana's open beauty - however, are not there rocket silos there too? Fly fishing or any other activity that connects family members to each other for a happy life - and a deep understanding of each other - is a blessing. Although you see some aspects of life even darker, the simplicity of the story always gives a lasting impression on your heart, if you allow. Balancing talent and prostitutes with small gatherings of old community picnics, this film - in sharp contrasts with modern families that move their children to Disneyland in search of shouting and call it "days together." There is a mistake in that, but as the "River" illustrates, some of its meager beauty can do nothing but make life richer. This is the third film I've ever seen Tom Tom (?) Play for generations and act brilliantly. <br /> <br /> Brad Pitt, most of them undiscovered talents except Thelma and Louise and Meet Joe Black, have won all the team members a number of awards. The little stories that are nicely listed will get 10 out of 10 of me on any film with violence, foul language, ugliness and "action". I think in particular of "Crash" and most "Arnold's" movies. What a savior of peace this film.
