(There is not much in the way of spoilers, because there is no plot to reveal them, but still, I think I describe some of what is happening ...) That's it. This is the most senseless movie I have ever seen. There are no words to describe this film, although "weird", "fucking ego" and "ego journey" are very close. Half an hour or so is actually really strange music videos, without any plot or continuity, apart from the fact that MJ is located in some of the past. One of the highlights of this part of "The Movie" in the section where MJ flies a fun jet through what appears to be a semi-circular strap is rejected by clips of Yellow Submarine (Mr. Aziz you can not make it up). <br /> <br /> Then, with just over an hour left, the "movie" begins, with lots of clay (some really creepy) discovers "our hero" and follows him looking for his signature. Obviously, this leaves us so far (as if we exclude the reduced songs) that lead to some concern and is temporarily unable to lose them. Good luck, because it means that he can witness a fallen star, and again, I do not do so, turns into a clay rabbit. He uses this devious disguise to try to sneak through them, but for reasons I can not mention now, they see (oh no!) And the startling chase begins again. Cue another song (big shock there). <br /> <br /> Shortly after the end of the chase, MJ somehow returns the rabbit to life, until he is caught by a policeman (in the middle of the desert) because it seems illegal to dance there. <br /> <br /> The rest of the movie is equally weird, and most notably MJ's clean the Smooth Criminal tune bar, including shooting a man with his finger, not just killing the guy, but burning his shadow in the wall, weapons Nuclear Fission. There is another good moment when MJ, who sees Mr Big (Joe "What the hell happened in his career at this stage?" Peschi) kidnaps one of the children who was his friend, creates Tommy's gun magically, and at another moment of violence that pepper This film randomly, opens fire on everything that moves. The last moment I will mention when he was MJ, surrounded by Mr. Beige and his own army. Seriously, this man has dozens of people working for him, and they are more like commando units than gangsters, which I think they are. How to come out? Why, turns into a robot, full of weapons and armor. This is the third of its four transformations, almost always when it is converted to an angle and / or in case of escape. <br /> <br /> This movie is completely surreal, with little in the way of plotting, and practically no continuity.
