Ah, Monoker, I'm a Michael Jackson fan, I grew up with his music, Thriller was actually the first music video I saw. Believe it or not, there was a time when Michael Jackson looked like God to the people, a time when women fainted in front of him before really fainting before seeing his scene, sorry, Michael. But the Moonwalker was what began to honor Michael's success at the right time when he released his record-breaking record-breaking album, the first album to get 6 of the top 10 songs. Michael is a great artist, no doubt he writes, sings, dances, but when it comes to acting or keeping the story directly with his audience? not much. <br /> <br /> We started out very simple: Jackson's music, life, career, success and obsession that was the biggest star in the eighties in the world Michael Jackson. Later, Jackson is a 30 style gangster who uses his powers as a crime character to protect children. When Jackson was allowed to be near the children, he broke into him playing in the field with the children and the dog. The dog runs away, and in his search for it, Jackson and the children reveal Mr. Big's hideout, Frankie Lideo, a drug-dealing businessman with an army of followers who want to get the entire population of the planet hooked on drugs, starting with children. Mr. Big Jackson discovers the children, but they flee; Jackson tells the children to meet him at Club 30, which turned out to be an abandoned haunted nightclub since the 1930s. The story goes back to the gang attack on Jackson, and here it turns out that Jackson is actually a magical bandit, drawing his strength from shooting at the stars. When one goes through the club, Jackson turns into a sports car and injures many of Mr Big's followers. The story revolves around the children at Club 30, and at first the children are scared, but when Jackson turns the scary atmosphere of the club turns out and the children find themselves in the thirties of the last century. The club is now filled with sweaters and swing dancers. Jackson shares a dance with other club members, which is a music video for "Smooth Criminal". At the height of the song, Mr. Big binds the club and kidnaps one of the children, Katie. Jackson follows them to Beige's hideout and ends up surrounded by his followers. Mr. Big appears and mentally tortures Jackson by threatening to inject Katy with highly addictive drugs. While Katie grabs Joe's glasses and freezes, Mr. Big decides he has enough and orders his men to kill Katie before Jackson is finished, but not before the shooting star. Jackson turns into a giant robot and kills all of Mr. Big's soldiers. Yes, Um, do you want more strangeness? Watch the movie. <br /> <br /> Moonwalker is fun for the first half hour, and sees Michael's success and all his hard work really makes his fans appreciate him again. Is it mostly to hype his album? Yes, I love the way he spends the first 25 minutes praising his horror, then go to his song called "Let Me Alone", a kind of hypocrisy, not that it is not a great song, but a simple turn of events. Then when we passed the ingenious acting, the story was incredibly weak: the villain pronouncing his name loudly while Michael and Katie spying on him, lol, Michael is a sudden transformer, the big evil monster plan is making the kids mean? Also the villain has a kind of huge ray gun that will make Marvin Blush. But if there's something unbelievably new that the movie gives us is the new video for Smooth Criminal. This music video is perfect, it's the design of dances, its preparation, it's a song, its smooth style, Michael always surpasses perfection and Smooth Criminal was incredible. I loved Moonwalker as a kid, I still watch it for fun to this day, but it's not the best movie at all, it's very silly, but it's all good if you're a fan of Michael Jackson. <br /> <br /> 7/10
