SAPS AT SEA is clearly a pun on Gary Cooper, SOULS AT SEA. The title appropriately describes the championship team, Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy. Who go on a trip in the ocean to calm the nerves of the city just to run to the runaway killer Nick Granger. As played by Richard Kramer, this criminal is both amusing and chills, making him a fine foil to the characters of the comic boise. Despite his strong presence, Kramer is unprecedented in the role of the boys, a tribute to Charisma Stan and San. This is what it should be, because the boys are supposed to be the protagonists of the movie in this film. <br /> <br /> This is the magic of the characters of Laurel and Hardy where they raise the average material. For SAPS AT SEA, there are slow points. For example, as one former commentator has noted, there is something the doctor (James Fiennesen, who is pleasantly disillusioned) is trying to do with a balloon called the "lung test" in Olsen, which lacks punch. This scenario is very accidental, where the first part occurs in the Boise apartment, and has little to do with the second part where they go to the sea. But on the whole, the film is a very fun entertainment with a running time short enough not to be welcomed. <br /> <br /> There are some effects that see the final collaboration between Laurel and Hardy and the producer. Hull Roche. I did not watch all the films of Laurel and Hardy after 1940 but the films I saw did not amount to the weakest Hull Roche products. In these later films, Laurel and Hardy appear to be in a strange environment, deprived of such colorful actors as Finlison, Charlie Hall, Marvin Hatley and Leroy Shield. They are also not good-minded and optimistic people whom we know and love, but in subsequent films, they are either old or pathetic. <br /> <br /> It is regrettable that many of the Hull Roche Laurel and Hardy films are now not publicly available to the public. Even in a sub-entry such as SAPS AT SEA, one can see that Laurel and Hardy were great comedians. This is because Hull Roche, for the most part, has allowed Laurel Laurel, the guiding force behind the team, full artistic freedom. Once Laurel lost his independence in other studios, the team lost much of its uniqueness.
