This is my third comment here, trying to connect the legendary comedy film crews: Laurel, Hardy, Abbott and Costello. Contact here is 1940. This is the date when the former had shown his latest film from the long studio home of Hal Roche. I will mention the importance of the latter later. In addition to being the last time Stan and # have worked at Lot of Art, it's also the last time he has appeared with well-known supporting actors such as Charlie Hall and James Finlinson who have appeared in most of their films. It is also the last time that Art Lloyd has acted as their cameraman and Marvin Hatley - who have written their song "The Cuckoo Song (Dance of the Cuckoos)" - their scores. This will be the last time Laurent has been allowed to exercise full creative control over what is happening in the film. If there is a more perforated structure than usual in the film L & H, it is good to know that most of these masks are really funny. This includes most of the sound and visual effects, and has been provided by Roach Roy Seerait employee. In this case, there is a city of "endocrine phobia" of "hornophobia" from working in a factory for the noisy horn, so Dr. Finlison describes going out to sea for his rest. He does not like boat riding, so Stan points out that they only hire one ship, so they will not have to go anywhere. After finding someone they liked, we discovered that the convicted Nick Granger (Richard Kramer) had just escaped ... I will stop at this point and say that this has been good for the L & H house for as long as one might hope. It's often hilarious from start to finish, and knowing that this will be the last for a man in part responsible for their team is effective when you think about it. Oh, and I have two other males to remember: it's the last film of Harry Bernard, who plays guard in the harbor years after Stan and Eiles as a policeman, and the appearance of Ben Turpin, the comedian. I was born in New Orleans, a few hours away from my current hometown of Baton Rouge, whose second and tenth appearance was "married" to the boys in our wife. The performance of the latter especially a real comic moment. Well, I mentioned that 1940 was the year Stan and I released their last film from Hal Roach Studios. It was the first year that a comedy team, both born in New Jersey, was making their first pictures of their studio at home, Universal. The director of this film will be the same who led the L & H in The Flying Deuces the previous year. His name was A. Edward Sutherland. Note During this filming, Virginia Lucille Jones, a screenwriter, was involved in a carpet-related incident. This incident caused Oliver "Pep" Hardy to send roses to her hospital room. They fell in love and got married on March 7, 1940. It lasted until the death of Fatna in 1957.
