BLOCK-HEADS and A CHUMP AT OXFORD follow very hard to believe. Not that SAPS AT SEA is a bad movie - it's another good comedy (unless one insists on JITTERBUGS or other subsequent movies) by Laurel and Hardy. It's just a scary little movie, without the crazy devastating collision of BLOCK-HEADS or the stunning view of the real Stan character in CHUMP AT OXFORD to celebrate. In 57 minutes, the film will be shorter than 57 minutes a little films, but this is actually not a bad point to it. He just has enough time for her to hit the right notes. It is not as special as the other two. <br /> <br /> Stan and Ollie work in a factory that manufactures pods. I think there was some effect in Chaplin in this sequence (one recalls a similar assembly line in MODERN TIMES only four years ago). Finally, Ols' nerves are taken aback, and he goes on a pilgrimage. Goes home (of course) does not help his roommate Stan - Stan has studied music with an eccentric professor around his plate (I've got it - Trombone). After hitting the poor professor, Oles suffers from problems with an incompetent engineer / engineer (Ben Turbin in a nice short appearance), then faces his doctor (Jimmy Finnison) and his nerve test (balloon puffing as you press from stomach air). Finleyson declares that it is a bad case of "horniphobia", and the need for a holiday with lots of quiet goat milk. They end up going to a ship, but Ulyan and Stan know nothing about shipping - so they plan to sleep on the ship. Unfortunately, the goat bites the rope until the ship explodes and sails. Unfortunately also, on board Richard Kramer, a dangerous criminal escaped. This will not be a quiet holiday. <br /> <br /> SAPS AT SEA (like A CHUMP) could have three shorts, one in the factory, one in the apartment and one on the boat. They were all a successful short film, they all make a funny movie - but the stitching of the pieces shows up together. There are some very amusing moments in the film - the discoveries of how Turpin inefficiencies cause various accidents with water taps and stoves in the apartment. When you run Stan or Ulls and ask directions ("Can you help me find the basement?" Stan asks - "Sure, you can not miss it - it's downstairs!", Who realizes what a stupid comment he made Just); and Krimer's mistreatment of his two bonded slaves. He is dubbed "Dizzy" and "Daffy" (a reference to the St. Louis Cardinal St. Louis Cardinals in the 1930s - see Dan Dailey THE PRIDE OF ST. LOUIS). Kramer has some kids cooking him some food - they make a artificial meal (for example, spaghetti straps) to force him to overcome it. When he realizes what they have done, he forces them to eat the meal themselves. Their reactions are wonderful. <br /> <br /> SAPS AT SEA is not equal to the most important films in Laurel and Hardy, but it is a good film on the whole, and a good conclusion to her best career film career (1927 - 1940) when they were with Hull Roche. In the two years before his appearance, the boys and Roach faced serious problems with production costs (our relationships, where Stan was a producer in the film), technical problems (the scenes were cut off from meaningless SWISS MISS) and contractual arguments (leading to Harry Langdon's debut) Zenobia). Stan and Ollie responded to The Flying DEUCES, where the production was not Roach but Boris Moros. Finally, a set of two images of A CHUMP AT OXFORD and SAPS AT SEA concluded arguments and problems - and in a high note the boys left Roach. Unfortunately, they never found any subsequent film relationship with a satisfactory product as it was.
