I enjoyed this film much more than I expected. From reading other comments here, I think they greatly benefit from watching them on a full-size screen in the cinema, accompanied by a cheery and enthusiastic audience. I was lucky enough because I gained this experience, and I gave birth to laughter ripples from everywhere, and I had a very enjoyable time with this restless comedy. <br /> <br /> It's a comedy that shines, if it shines. It shines anywhere at all. Music is not something special - in fact, I did not realize it was * musical, and I was very surprised when the grandparents gathered near half-spoken lyrics - but I must admit that the threat is half, half the promise "Oh, what I'm doing ..." Much more attractive than it seemed at the time, as it was still round and round in my head! <br /> <br /> The plot, as it stands, is largely about the past history of Francesca's name, a 16th-century portrait, a hairstyle and ostensibly out-of-date vestiges. Her idea of ​​the sanctity of marriage does not completely dissipate with the ideas of her distant offspring, Countess Angelina, and one can almost hear a scream screaming under the pressure of the production law in order to ensure that the heroine arrives without any change. In her marriage bed, which was too late with the right man ... <br /> <br /> Romance is rarely broken to the ground, and in fact the first few scenes, played well and straight, were on the dull edge. But where the script and film comes to life in the next gender battle. The courteous flirtation of Douglas Fairbanks Jr. from Angelina married to Betty Gabler equates only with the quest of Betty Gabel-Francesca in return, culminating in the complete reversal of the roles in the comic fiction sequence where he literally swept away his feet. This may be the height of the comic plot, although the consequences of the conceptual confusion of the colon have been cleverly designed in the two remaining "operas" of the operetta structure, and the delightful and troubled wakeback scene is more or less valuable to the admission price alone. <br /> <br /> Grable is quite convincing in establishing her two contradictory personalities, wisely getting almost all singing opportunities (limited), and participating in accolades where the sets of quotations we feel are dialogue in various verbal quizzes. But in the area of ​​undeclared reaction, it is already outweighed by its male supporting threads. Fairbanks in particular is an absolute remedy in a number of sequences that carry no words worthy of preparation and humorous silent screen. <br /> <br /> This film is not as elegant in style as it is classic, different from its shimmering partner to the twisted twisted. But at its best, it's very funny indeed, and has brought a round of spontaneous applause and laughter across the hall in the end with high lights. Because of their inconsistency with their times, they may have failed to attract contemporary audiences - but, in this show, do not really deserve to give up both Jable and Breminger, the director (unapproved). This is not a masterpiece, but it is a very enjoyable secondary work, and I found myself smiling broadly all the way.
