Spider-Man is in my opinion the best super heroes ever, and this game is the best superhero game ever. Although it may be fairly easy, you have to run it several times to get all the fashion and comic book covers, which compensate for how easy it is to access the game. It may seem difficult to control at first, but once it crashes, it will become on the Internet like Spider-Man itself. <br /> <br /> The bosses, although the levels are a bit easy, are cheerful. It's easy to beat the first coach, Scorpion, which should not be the case, because as cartoonists know, Scorpion is one of the most deadly villains in Spider-Man. The second head, rhinoceros, is also very easy. The third manager is Venom, who is in my opinion the easiest president in the game, and it certainly should not be. The fourth president is poison again. This time, it is more difficult to win but still easy. The fifth coach is Mysterio, who I think is the best coach going into battle in the game. He is also one of the most difficult presidents, but again, it is still fairly easy. The next coach is the carnage, which, I guessed, is easy to overcome. But the carnage is actually a kind of fun to fight. The seventh coach is an octopus doctor, who looks like all other presidents easily, but not as easily as others because he has a shield. The eighth and final president is exclusive to the game, not in comic book or animation. It will not spoil it for you for those of you who have not played the game, but the coach is the only coach in the game who is not very easy. He took me 4 or 5 tries to win while the others who beat the first or second try. <br /> <br /> All in all, a very good game. I gave it 8 out of 10. The reasons I did not give it 9 or 10 are that once you get all the costumes and covers, it's boring (getting all these things will take some time), not very accurate according to comic books or cartoons. The bosses are very easy, they had to use Hobgoblin and / or Green Goblin as a coach, and I think it would be fun to fight someone in the air! They did not use it in this sequel too! Well, Green Joplin is the villain in the next Spider-Man movie, so hopefully they will make a video game based on the movie.
