Jacknife is a war movie quite far from war like war movies. It can not be classified as a war movie, because the only way to influence any war on the story or characters is in their memory, even those we have never presented. It raises very interesting questions about life, especially in the way the film's motto says that only one of them is alive. (Incidentally, although the description line refers only to Dave (Ed Harris) and Miggs (Robert De Niro), he talks about The three characters in the film). Dave and Meg were friends in the Vietnam War, and Meigs returned to take Dave on a fishing trip they were planning for much longer than you would expect. <br /> <br /> DeNiro provides perfect performance for the Megs character, who we are not sure whether we like or if it is already as Martha sees it. Dave Martha mentions several times that Miggs is not his friend, but just someone he knows. There is a wonderful early scene from the movie where Meges went out to grab six packs of his car for breakfast, which is located in the corner of the room when Dave says this. He stopped for a moment and then returned to the room with a huge smile and greeting. I did not realize until later how Megs felt when he heard it, after I was the one to remember what they had planned to do on this day. It reminds me of the old trick, "Sure, let's do it," something people often say to each other, and they have no plans to do anything like that. <br /> <br /> Ed Harris offers a great performance like Dave, who has not overcome the effects of the war on him. Even after many years, he could not overcome the death of a friend during the war, and blamed himself to this day because of him, and therefore drowned his life in alcoholic beverages, cigarettes and loneliness. He says that all he wants is for people to leave him alone. This is not the man who lives his life the way he wants it, whether people leave him alone or not. He is a man who tries to forget that he is alive and that he is separated from the biologist as much as possible. br /> <br /> His sister Martha reminds me of myself, at least in terms of my roommates. I have two roommates aged 21 and 24, both of whom act as if they are still living with their mothers, and are expected to disappear when they leave the room for a while. One in particular (older, unfortunately enough), has no idea at all about how to take care of himself, and I am surprised that I do not have to wipe his chin while eating. Martha has to do the same for her brother, who is waiting for him by hand and foot as he stumbles from life to hangover. Martha and Dave are stuck in a stagnant life and neither can go out until something big changes, and Dave needs to change. <br /> <br /> I tend to complain of romance in films that do not belong to him much like Roger Ebert, who complains of pathetic little tension devices, and red digital reading. But in this case, I do not think that the romance that developed between Megas and Martha had no negative impact on the rest of the film. On the contrary, it has made him more interesting, because it was not expected. The problem lies in the romantic sub-charts in Bruckheimer's films, and so unpredictable that you are waiting for the clear end and hope something interesting will happen along the way. However, in this case, it is not clear that something will happen between Megs and Martha because we do not know enough about the Megs. Martha could be right about him, he's one of Dave's mad friends in war and he's not the kind to go back to. Dave certainly encourages this idea. <br /> <br /> Two years after this film, DeNiro, Cape Fear, plays a vile criminal to avenge the lawyer who landed in prison, a character in the past, makes it easy to believe that perhaps at the end of Jacknife Martha realizes her mistake, gets rid of Megs, and she and Dave make up because he saved her from a terrible relationship and then decided to clean up because he did a good job for her. I was half expecting this to happen, so I was pleasantly surprised when Martha and Miggs ended and I was even happier when Meg Davis asked all the questions about what they had planned to do after the war ended. <br /> <br /> Sometimes, this is a slow-moving drama, but Jacknife enjoys along the way and has a great payoff at the end, which surprisingly managed to be happier without feeling cheated. There is an extreme end to emotion at the end of the film that seldom fits in with the rest of the film, but it's so good that it does not dampen anything done by the film until this point. Each of them offers a great show, one of those rare films that make you want to stand up and shake your fists in the air.
