The combination of reading Novella and the presentation of this film inspired my wife and me to new heights. I was recently thinking of a statement made by Thomas Kincad in one of his inspirational books. "You and I were not designed to breathe the air coming from traffic at 5. I do not think God had ordinary TV programs, media noise, worthless purchases, and soul pollution when the universe was placed." I did not see "a river pass through" In a few years, but after thinking about the Kinkad statement, something attracted me to watching the film with a spiritual eye. I saw him and saw a whole new world of film and inspired me to read the book (I must read). I've always felt frustrated in Southern California, but I was shocked at her physical community. The film really puts into perspective how we should really experience the creations of God. A collection of the story of Macleans and my desire to return to the Northwest led me to move to Montana. I want my future children to be able to stir up the landscape, catch a fly with me, and ride in anything but the open ground and the tranquil lakes at the foot of the mountain. A place that rarely worries about crime. I look around SoCal and all I see are the shopping centers and untidy people of Mercedez Bens, miles away from the busy highways, gangs, and ethnic unrest on the edge of the violent eruption, and everyone doubted the intentions of others. <br /> In any case, the film is very inspiring through the wonderful acting and deep story about the fragile bonds of loved ones. There is a lot of deep thinking in this film. The scene is worth watching alone and actually helps relieve stress. You must finish this relaxed film after filled with thoughts about your own life. It takes a sympathetic, intelligent and spiritual person to understand the meaning. If you do not understand the art of cinema and how the director achieves his goals through dialogue, tone, light, color, landscape, camera angles / motion, etc., this film is probably not the audience that thinks of "Fast and Angry" is the greatest film. Granted it was entertaining but shallow. <br /> <br /> Bottom line: This film helps to realize that life does not revolve around what money or things you own. It revolves around your relationships with family, friends, and experiences that you share. Quality No Quantity
