"Italian" is among the great or semi-great films of 1915 available today. The year was a turning point for the long film, especially in America: "The Hypocrites" by Lewis Weber, Cecil B. Demel entitled "Cheating" and of course DW. Griffith's "birth of a nation" set new standards for art. In addition, that year, Russian director Yevgeny Bauer produced two of his best images, "After Death" and "Daydream." The French series "Les Vampires" is also admired today, although I do not agree with them. The emergence of the long film led Europe, especially Denmark, France and Italy, but the dominance of this market and, to some extent, the art transition to the transatlantic in 1915. The most extraordinary artistic achievement of "Italian" is His photography is amazing and often innovative. There is some spectacular sunset, framing the mobile phone, including a short shot at the top of the Italian race to buy a wedding ring and another shot of it stuck in a moving car. In general, there is wise use of the various camera angles and expert lighting throughout. The particularly striking shot is a close-up of the Italian-Italian as he slowly approaches the camera to get a very close shot, in reference to D.W. Griffith "Knights of the alley pig" (1912). He was so angry with his environment that he began to shake his anger. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, the cameraman is not known. The director, although originally a stockless film, is now known as Reginald Parker. Five or so of his other films made for Ince are also available today, but are somewhat unnoticeable. "Civilization" (1916), which he worked on, was a great production, but it was a very flawed film. By the way, I think one or more of the filmmakers who worked on "Civilization" also filmed "Italian." <br /> <br /> Moreover, the entire production is very sophisticated at that time. Venice and New York were well presented despite filming in Los Angeles (for Venice Romance) and San Francisco (New York Slums). There are long memories, though one or two too many. I particularly like framing the smart novel for reading in a book by a character who played the same actor, George Pippan, who is also a pioneer in the main domestic novel. The reading of the story is briefly framed by opening at the beginning and closing at the end of curtain curtains, on the stage, which is reflected inside the inner story during the peak of revenge in the child's room, with the opening and closing of window blinds. The parallel editing, dissolves and eliminates the iris in the camera and is treated with such expertise. In addition, both Beban and Clara Williams, as his wife, play their part well. <br /> <br /> On the other hand, the game "The Italian" has some drawbacks. The first moments of the comic clash of the film are not in harmony with the final parts of the harsh and heavy melodrama, although the environmental changes from romantic Italy to natural New York work well - mostly because of their support through lighting and photography. The relentless collapse of the American dream in this film, reinforced by stark images, must have an impact on the immigrant population, who constituted a large proportion of the disproportionate population of the audience that would move to cinema at the time. Corrigan's character should have been more predictable; his brief introductory campaign for another politician seemed insufficient for his subsequent post-Italian retaliation. In addition, the directors were either medically naïve or uninterested in not explaining the breastfeeding of the infant and the unwarranted faith in healing powers of calm for the other child. Apart from the shortcomings of the plot, the "Italian" is very well made.
