Have you seen the graduate? He was welcomed as a film by his generation. But a river that passes through this is the story of all generations. Long before the conclusion of Dustin Hoffman's character in modern suburban traps, Norman McLean and his brother Paul faced overwhelming pressures of emergence as they tried to find their place in the world. But how can a place like the WW1 Montana be an offer to the American family, at a time when the Wild West is still incomplete? What did McLean take advantage of in those strikes deeply about who we all are and what we should go to find ourselves? With the opening of the film, Norman an old man flies by an accelerating river, trying to understand the course of his life. The film literally is a journey up through the course of his consciousness, against the present time and back to the time when he was a boy. He and his younger brother Paul were sons of a minister and a devoted mother. Parents fit comfortably into their roles. Mom takes care of home and home. My Father does the work of the Lord. The boys contemplate what they will be when they grow up. Norm has narrowed down to a boxer or minister like his father. Given the choice, Little Paul will be the boxer, because he is told that his first choice for a flyfisherman professional is nonexistent. The children grow up and collide with their temperament, struggling to find out who is most strict and doing what the brothers do, always attending the church and participating in all other spiritual matters, such as fly fishing. They are at similar points in their lives before college. But when Noor returns from six years in Dartmouth, things are quite different. Paul is at the top of his game. Fly Fisherman. A crayfish for a college reporter and a close journalist knows every policeman on the beat and every judge on the bench. Norman is remarkably well trained for his day, but has no idea what to do with his life, even when his father questioned him about what he was going to do. You have left the feeling that at least you will invite God to the actions of your life. But you have to stay open and ready to receive it - throughout your life. The father always took his children to think beside the river and to think about the eternal words of God. "Hear," urges their father. It's both Zen and Quakerly. Very radical to the chapel of the gallery. But with all the beauty and contemplation, and although McLean's residents are in fact a family afraid of God, adhering to the Bible, how does the family of Pastor McLean break up? Paul is the real perfectionist because he catches the river, but he feels attracted by gambling and wine, while his family does not know how to prevent him from leaving the place where he seems to be heading. My mother, father, and brother seem to have the same desperate desperation of not knowing what to do and why they do not seem to be helping. Pauli misses all that with his irresistible smile and charm. But the younger brother loses his grip. Norman begins his life on the right track and finds love and career, but Paul continues to slide. The family you love is helpless. Mother, father, brother stumble into their own ways to try to help, but nothing very effectively. How can a family that loves each other be well equipped to deal with this? How can a person be graceful and full of grace when he is out in the nature of God, yet he is unfit or somewhat unwilling to integrate into the structures of society that the people of God have made for themselves? These are all questions Norman will think about all his life. The eternal words under the smooth stones of the river haunt him forever, keeping their secrets. The movie is nice to watch. This is definitely the country of God, and the film has won the Oscars. Director Robert Redford plays the story of the book and makes fun of the narrative to follow his emotional style, which works well. But do not go back and read the book as well. You'll see that Norman made contact with his old man more deeply than the film could suggest - and you'll see places where these storytellers' words are manipulated and sing directly out of the page with an abundance of the river through which it passes, leading to the unknown.
