I read the short story of Norman McLean, and the film is really written by Norman McLean. My husband tends to re-read it from time to time, I have read it myself, and the film remains in mind. We have videos of many of the Redford films and we have seen "River passes through" several times. Redford is part of the "family" as it is always around. We never tired of Redford's recognition of the writings of Norman McLean and the beauty of Montana. The text reminds me of my education because my father had the same call as Mr. McLean's father. According to the "river runs through it," "Methodists are Baptists who can read," a line by the way is not in the short story, but I think this funny line! My husband and I are Baptists who read well! <br /> <br /> I heard a film critic say that the speed of this film is very slow. I disagree. As one search for inner peace, this is the kind of film that will make you think of the beauty of nature in a three / four rhythm accelerator. Photography is awesome! Great acting. I loved the scene where Norman and Paul talked when the boys were wondering and wondered if one could be a fly flyer or an angel! Then, when Brad Pitt (Se7ven) is the "perfect man" who needs alcohol help but will not accept it. The same applies to Neil Burns, who uses worms as bait, and needs help but will not accept the fact that he needs help. The scene in which Paul refuses to eat oatmeal and the whole family must wait forever to tell them grace! Finally, after hours, they all knelt around the table to say, "Grace!" They are all leaving. But the oats left on the plate! This scene where two love birds have tattoos on their posters! that is funny! Sunburn! Back home where Jesse Burns (Emily Lloyd) decides to go across the train line! Nice dialogue when Norman suggested to Jesse because he wanted her to come to Chicago with him! <br /> <br /> Redford himself does a great job as a narrator. I could not stop myself from comparing Brad to the young man of Redford (Barefoot in the garden). The filmmaker's candidate, producer, actor, is the owner of a commendable vision for his progress not only in the cinema of the United States but throughout the world. I'm happy to live in 90 years because I saw the beginning of black and white television, movies and all the technology and special effects, so I could watch videos at home and live in the same century as Redford because I had a chance to see his works. Redford does not need special effects to show us the beauty of Montana in this masterpiece. The river for me means this line that separates life from death and memories and facts. Redford shows the hands of the Creator brilliantly and a river passes through him.
