Coonskin may be my favorite film by Ralph Bakshi. Like his best works, he is in your face and not ashamed of him for a second, but unlike some of his other works (even when he is at his best, which was before and after the Coonskin with Heavy Traffic and Wizards program), it is not much alike, On the contrary. Of course, Bakshi takes stereotypes and perceptions of race, but he also makes what seems to be a film of free exploitation. Almost blaxploitation, although Bakshi does not stop there. If you just flick blaxploitation with innovative animation, it can be enough for a great feature. But Bakshi's goals are higher: throwing these hideous and exaggerated images not only of blacks but of Italians / Mafia, gay, Jewish, generally New York-type Manhattan urban neighborhoods in the seventies, it is not made of anything realistic. The most natural aspect of the "real" appearance is, in fact, a naked woman painted red, white and blue. <br /> <br /> In a mockery of these stereotypes, conventions and horrible forms of racism (ie "tar" - rabit, darling "joke, yes joke, plus black face), we are looking at abstraction to a great extent. , Bakshi does not take himself seriously, unlike Spike Lee with a movie like Bamboozled, in delivering his message.For this reason, mostly, Concepcion is a hilarious act, where some images, objects are performed, sudden transitions, and of course scenes of strange behavior The scene where the three animated characters are talking in by the real-life white couple in Tux and the dress seems to be "colorful" and u It's not just pictures, which are in themselves incredibly "finished" but rather that a sharp script, that is the key to Bakshi's consideration at this time, has got a fairly coherent novel Along with improvisation and insanity. <br /> <br /> Using the direct action at first, then the animation, and then very clever match between the two (ironically, what Bakshi later did in commercial form with Cool World is done here To T with less money and a brighter edge), Bape and Randy wait outside the jail wall for a friend to escape and tell my father the story of Brother Rabbit, who goes with the Per Bricher Fox to Harlem and they become great advocates, with Rabbitt in direct opposition to personal Gap The Hut-Square Godfather. This is clearly an adaptation of the South song through the deliberately happy cartoon plot, which has been dismantled here and presented to the extent that it is indeed corrupt and degrading. <br /> <br /> However, Bakshi ceases to combine shapes; animated characters stand behind them and move with the background of the live movement; when violence, shootings and battles occur, it is as bloody as it can happen in 1975; when a policeman A boxing match with Brother Bear and a rival as filmed at the height of the slow motion; archival footage from time to time is shown for old films, some of them from the 1920s Tasteless. <br /> <br /> Like Mel Brooks or Kubrick O, recently, South Park, Bakshi's Coonskin acts as a first priority and then provokes the second thought. It is also a bold film industry on an independent scale; everything from the long period to the montage and the infinitely distorted designs of the characters (all based on the subject matter) all serve the thought of the script, where the B-movie plot opens up more to the interpretation . To call it racism miss this point. It's like calling Dr. Strangelove the pro-progenitor havoc or American Confederate pro-slavery states. For me, it's one of the best bikes I've ever made.
