After watching Walt Disney's South Song on MySpace, I decided to watch Ralph Beckshi's response to the film "Concepcion en Afro" which I linked from Google Video. In this series, during the sequence of direct events, Bracherman (Charles Gordon) took his friend Sampson (Barry White) with him to pick up Bape (Skatman Brothers) and Randy (Philip Thomas), before Michael added his middle name for years). During their attempt, Bape told Randy the story of Brother Rabbit (Voice of Thomas), Brother Bear (White), Fox Fellow (Gordon) and their adventures in Harlem. As expected in many Bakshi efforts, there is a mix of animation and live movement that provides a unique perspective from the writer / director who is sure to offend some people. Another great cartoon character is Miss America, who is very popular in every white-haired blonde woman with stars and red, white and blue stripes on her skin and her fist on a small black man who was shot in one of the most violent ways that was funny to me ! There are a lot of these scenes sprayed throughout the picture, which also provided another picture related to the anatomy of Brother Bears front laughs of me. There is also a piece of a woman telling her child about a "cockroach" she was her friend left behind and that was apparently touching this part to honor comic strip artist George Herman. I was also fascinated by the Grover Washington Jr. release. From "Is not No Sunshine" heard as part of the result. The most convincing part of the picture was Scatman's own vision of his head in a silhouette during the opening balance sequence, singing and scribbling on a song that made him use the word N in a sarcastic way. When I saw the VHS cover for this film years ago, Brother Rabbit was portrayed in a shameless pose in front of what resembled Warner circles with a motto, "This film will offend everyone." This is a great warning to anyone who thinks all fees are directed to children. Having said that, I would definitely recommend Coonskin to fans of Bakshi and all forms of animation.
