A stunning realization occurs when a kind of phenomenon occurs !! Whether that is the case, the fireworks go off, the robbery, the hurricane that destroys everything in its path, or any other spectacular event in this regard! In the case of the McLean family, Reville was nothing more complicated than their daily lives ... Montana was in the early twentieth century an environment that was harsh and stumbled ... The McLean family consisted of four people, the father, the minister, who was ideologically driven to raise His family is properly. His wife was afraid of God, and humble. The boys were, well ... boys !! What can you say? ... Brad Pitt starred in this film before it really was !! Brad Pitt, his acting performance in this film, at the very least, was wonderful .. .. his brother Norman was of the cerebral type, was influenced by his emotions that were real, motivated by a set of values ​​that Missoula, Montana agrees with! Paul (Brad Pitt) was unsuitable from displacement and lived on the edge ... You think Montana in 1920 did not have such a thing, but somehow, gambling, drinking, and violent confrontations were part of Paul's, as was His fly fishing arm !! Fly Fishing !! Did you say that? From a phantom point of view, this was the crux of this film! The entertainment of fly fishing was a cohesive bond that nurtured the sibling spirits of the McLean brothers, and to a lesser extent, the father !! In this way, anyone who sees this film will want to live in Montana .. A breathtaking film more than blue mountains and flows captured the youth and effectiveness of the brothers McLean's lifelong ... rarely seen in a movie, where feelings immediately feel a tenacious persistence to accomplish whatever a person may wish to achieve. The McLean brothers lived life to the fullest, and for better or worse, the father knew that this would be The only way the two can become men !! ... Robert Redford directs this film, tells the story of McLean through the perspective of Big Brother, Norman ... Norman gets a job at the University of Chicago at the age of 26, and marries a woman who will always be in love with her ... What this film also refers to , Is that the younger brother, Paul, has achieved a great accomplishment NT of his own by being an example of a wonderful fly fisherman! The first side of life prevails in the presence of the younger brother, practicing a malignant form of terror for the McLean family !! With most of the human failings, the McLean family shed light on the troubled waters (literally), so the unit was established as a family, by placing the necessary blot !!! <br /> <br /> The end of the film "The River" runs through it "presents a symbol of life through the eyes of the older brother. For Norman McLean, stoicism is a prerequisite for perseverance in the years of his failed life! To the fact that thinking about his life is a yearning for those who have died! Now the memories of his brother, his wife, his father, and his father must be viewed philosophically, for Norman, his life has fallen into stubborn facts that have identified his dubious outlook and his unstable design! "This was your life, and this is how you lived by," is a sad reminder of joy, sadness, sorrow and love, As he put it, as well as was the recipient! Best place in the last sermon heard by his father, his father said, "We can love someone without understanding it completely" .. Whether you agree with what happened in your life or not, it happened! Norman McLean has come to the conclusion that his life was fragmented because of misunderstanding Norman McClellan became an octagonal superhero that attracts the ultimate results of his life! The misty waters of Montana's picturesque rivers are the final touches to his years on earth! Without a doubt, the very prolific phrase about "what seems complex is really very simple" triggers a very sharp message in this film ... and more simply ... the people and places that were important in Norman's life are now just bittersweet memories .. ... just a painful intellectual frenzy of events exacerbated by the water of the beautiful rivers and rivers of Montana ... which, for all members of the McLean family, "all things merge into one and a river passes through them"
