There are a corps of Mick Garris who hate them there and feel that he can not take out a horror film of quality if he has to. SLEEPWALKERS (a script written by Stephen King) is often used as an example. I love SLEEPWALKERS, although I fully realize that Garris says F # ck it and allows all hell to smash about 15 minutes or so in the movie. Forget personal development or plot, which needs it anyway. It is about violent chaos and bloody massacres as a husband of the mother and son of the "sleeping smugglers" (the changing human creatures that suck life from innocent virgin females, moving from city to city, living a truly strong Bedouin life) scenes of a teenager who does not give up without fighting. Before everything is said and done, many will be slaughtered as a mother who does not tolerate the possible death of her beloved son. <br /> <br /> Garris spends a short time preparing those who are executed as a teacher (Glenn) Shadix), the handsome suspect, Charles Brady (Charles Brady) (Bryan Krauss) to be a completely different person than what he claims, sliding and his hand torn. Charles attracts the virgins to his arms, directing their energy, in turn "feeding" the hungry Mammah, Mary (Alice Craig). The new new goal is Tanya Robertson (Mädchen Amick), and it seems easy, but this will not be the case and when Charles gets seriously injured in a fight (thanks to the cat's deputy, Clovis), the revenge of Mary will be harvested on all those who get On its way. Mary, come to hell or high water, Tania will return with the aim of "refreshing" her dead son. <br /> <br /> Like many teenagers, I was ridiculed by certain actresses I saw in the movies. Like Amy Dolens, I was in love with Amic Madchen. She is simply loved in this film and I love how she bends her lower lip showing a clear attraction towards Charles, unaware of his hidden motives. I just learned that Mádchen Amick would be destined to be a screaming queen, but that would never be. It is very bad because I would have received it with open arms. <br /> <br /> Krige is extremely delicious, a deadly and laughable bitch that destroys the entire police force and poor parents in Tania. In one fell swoop, in less than ten minutes or so. It stab one back with corn bread! They bite the poor fingers of Ron Perleman, before his arm cracked (.. protruding bone), and expel him unconscious of his elbow! She throws Tania's mother through a window after breaking a rose vase on her father's face! Charles (Cop-kebab!) Stabbed one of his deputies in the ear, and fell on the pencil for additional effect. The poor were dragged from Tania by her hair from her house by Mary, and taken to Brady's house, forced to dance awkwardly with the paralyzed beast! The leader is thrown on a sit-in fence and we see how cats fight against sleepers unlike humans. We see the abilities of Mary and Charles to "black out" themselves and his car using the power of concealment. The writer Stephen King finds time to include himself and his accomplices to the horror director in the crime scene sequence with Clive Barker and Tob Hopper as forensic officers, Joe Dante and John Landis as filming experts. <br /> <br /> The film took pictures in cheekbones and easily with music that beats this house appropriately. It is about excessive violence, as simple as that, with some distorted behavior and black humor that complement Garis's direction and cinematic scenario. The incest angle in sleepwalkers is a little bit of a feeling. Without an atom of complexity, this is closer to the King article named Maximum of its most dangerous works.
