Batman and Superman. Creator. The best part of an old century. Who does not know these two? There must be countless fans who will die to produce a film about them. Sandy Collora made a trailer for a movie like this (nonexistent, no less). Perhaps most of what happens to this is how refined. Throughout, the cinema is strong. Editing is the case on. The values ​​of production, even with the appearance of costumes that are more similar to their counterparts than in the feature films of this character, are very high. It looks quite "Hollywood", this trailer. Fit material types, as far as I can tell, every character. Fonts are reasonably written. The shots are well thought out, well realized and fairly effective. However, this has problems, and despite the good appearance, it does not fit well with the energy and skill of Grayson (who was having a lot of wiggle trouble back and forth between the short and the trailer, as well as the unbridled passion that leads to the inclusion of many characters and ideas). Representation is probably the most obvious. That's not good. Even some of those who have one line and / or barely appear on the screen at all are failing to perform well. The actors in the parts seem to have been more selected for their appearance as characters to play than their talent. Then there is writing. Really, the plot, well, what is the meager amount that exists (this team and this character, something about some evil plot ...) good. There is a configuration problem. Although most characters seem appropriate, the two-face is, in a way, just a crazy madman (which is simply, as far as I understand, not what is personal) as it was in Batman Forever (and having a presence can be considered your work to portray any An element of Batman's world compared to Joel Schumacher's greatest insult to the promoter). Also, putting this character in this will make comparisons between this trailer and a film (frankly, Collora practically * begs him * with such a similar initial disclosure) to be made, let's face it, and this loses respect. Certainly, Michael Antonyk does not have a screen presence by Tommy Lee Jones, and the make-up (which, in the previous disclosure, is necessary) is not as strong as the film (whether good or not in the film is another matter). The sad thing is that while Vorilla (John, who invented Graceon) was more in comedy, and got it, its depth, the better (not to mention having the ability to come up with an attractive plot .. Grayson has enough material for half a dozen feature films , Or more), it seems that Collora is the person who has access to the funds and the person who is likely to have contacts (because of his non-independent credits in his filmography) we have a shot in making a real advantage of his lump. I plan to watch other Kolora works. But Vorella is one of the two I will be very interested in. I recommend this to lovers of characters. 10/07
