Being a fan of the genre of film and a child in the eighties and a lover of rock hard ... This film occupies a special place in my heart. Contains all you want in a supernatural movie: motion, great special effects (for 1986) and soundtracks that play guitar. It was definitely a movie for all heavy metal lovers at the time. I did not see it in the cinema because it was never shown here ... but its popularity on the video during the mid to late eighties guaranteed its religious status and eventually led to a DVD (unfortunately, average) in 2002. If you are not a fan Scary movies or rock music, this may not be your cup of tea ... but trust me, there are worse movies of this kind there ... and despite the mediocre representation and some of the ridiculously ridiculous positions, is a trick or treat from Sure enough, it is a crying conflict over the usual terror fare. You will never look at a stereo the same way again. Or do you have to say MP3 player? <br /> <br /> TRICK or TREAT TRIVIA - Mark Eddie played Skippy Handelman on Geeky on the famous comedy comedy "Ties Family". After a series of live video footage including, "Little Demons," Tomato Killer eats France "and" Rescue "who gave up acting to practice a career in stand-up comedy.Recently, he was thinking about returning television. <br /> <br /> <br /> Glenn Morgan is now a producer and scriptwriter in Hollywood and has written and produced several major television series and films, including: "Space: Above and Beyond" "X Files" - "The Final Destination" "The One", "Willard" and more recently "Final Destination 3". Tony Fields (Sami) began his career as a dancer in the television series "Solid Gold". Appeared in several low-budget films and television programs before his extraordinary role in the role of Sammy Curr in The Trick or Treat. Sadly, Tony died on 27 February 1995 for AIDS-related cancer. <br /> <br /> Doug Savant (Tim) is probably best remembered for his leading role in 20 gay Matt Matt Fielding on the famous sitcom "Melrose Place". Since then, he has had a long and varied career in acting, appearing in films and television series such as The One''Godzilla'CSI: Crime Scene Investigation and the science fiction series Joss Wiedon the Short 'Firefly'. Currently, Tom Skaffo can be seen in the success series "Desperate Housewives".
