I heard about this movie when watching "100 Most Metal Moments" for VH1. In this part, Jane Simmons (who played the veil) and many people interviewed discussed the horror of the film. Unlike most people, I am often more curious to check out bad-name movies unfortunately, for example, a cinematic masterpiece. The advantage of this kind of attitude is half the time when I discovered that movies are not as close to bad as people said, and in the end I enjoy them more than I expected at first. That was my experience with "trick or treat". Now, it's hard to produce a movie about a teenage boy who receives messages from a heavy dead metal star by playing one of his old records backwards without making people laugh at the premise. Sure, it's definitely a strange introduction, but it has not been done before! Give point filmmakers to originality for a house! If you're looking to buy a DVD, without prior knowledge of the film, do not be fooled into thinking that Ozzy Osbourne and Gene Simmons are the stars. However, although Simmons has a disdainful role, the Ozzy has a funny veil as a priest (that's right, Reverend !!) who speaks against heavy metals. For one thing, it's funny to see Ozzy with short hair. And another thing, you can only laugh at the irony. Sure, it's a cheap shot, but it's effective. The acting is very good. I found the presentations compelling. Teen characters are horrible clichés. So expect the usual set of CD players and crazies. As in each of these films, the beautiful girl is a respectable person who sympathizes with the separate main character, yet continues to go out with her sleeping boyfriend. Why are they coming up with such a complete jerk in the first place? Because the plot needs an obstacle. There is no other reason. But I can not deny that one of my guilty pleasures is watching the evil CD players in these films go down, because I was a high school pariah. The film often kept my concerns, but the third chapter was quite traditional and caused my eyes to roll because there was a predictable situation one by one. But the movie is not bad at all and it is definitely worth seeing on a rainy day. (7 of 10)
