There is no doubt that the best horror element of the heavy metal made in the 80's headbangin, which is admittedly does not seem much due to the extreme fall of many other entries in this strange sub genre of horror film such as "Hard Rock Zombies" and "Blood Tracks "" Terror Tour ", especially the star John Mikel Thor Star" Rock'n'Roll Nightmare "featured. In addition, this person is still worth the props to minimize excessive spots and unnecessary dazzling disparities in order to focus on teenage high school characters who portray more ingenuity and reasonable possibility compared to the usual base of teenagers in the mid-1980s targeted scarefest. Moreover, the parody of the cynical, pompous, and gruesome 1980's stupidity in the hearts of die-hard conservatives who claimed that the devil's music was very clever and the money funny. Osbourne enjoys great joy as a professional anti-metal television announcer!). <br /> <br /> Mark Bryce (a desperate Doeby Skippy on "family relationships") offers an amazingly powerful and profitable performance such as Eddie "Ragman" Weinbauer, a lovable heavy metal obsessed with loss, social oppression and extreme turbulence, The floundering flopers who make up the bulk of the student body at the Lakeridge Secondary School (cruelty and vitality in high school children) are painfully pinpointed with painful reliability). Eddie's life goes even worse when his idol, Sammy Corr (an amazing photograph by Tony Fields) dies in a hotel fire. Nuke (Jenny Simmons, the hip-hop player in the local HISS team in KISS with a great voice) connects Eddie with the final Sammi album, which has not yet been released, reviving the evil Curr spirit from the dead. Sami Eddie encourages him to prove him to all the miserable bad guys who make Eddie's life a living hell, for example, to prove that Eddie Eddie is his most reluctant partner. It is up to Eddie, with the help of a nice symbolic girl Leslie Graham (probably to be loved by the beautiful Lisa Orgolini), to stop Sammy before things get out of control. <br /> <br /> He was brilliantly guided by the commendable and sensitive thinking of the character Charles Martin Smith (briefly shown as a teacher at the Nardi School), cleverly by Michael S. Murphy, Joel Swazon, and Rit Topham, and representatives with the ability of a unified team to reach the snuff, so that this confirmed sleep is complete with a handful of elegant "jump" moments (an obscene attack in the back of a car by the rates of long-slung bodies, , A high-profile slaughterer "Carrie" in high school. The Halloween setting, the revenge that is being properly portrayed as a truly grotesque act, and a solid central message that you should not make someone overly overpriced because of calculated attitudes against the institution, means that your colleague qualifies this particular situation.
