The best film about the Battle of San Antonio, Texas, in March 1836, was the 1960's John Wayne Epic. In one job as producer of the product, where he temporarily stumbled upon it, Wayne proved he was talented in making films out of his acting capacity, which resembles the West icon. <br /> <br /> I commented on this film last night's review, pointing out that Wayne and James Edward Grant (screenwriter) discussed some of the points barely mentioned in previous films about the fight. They brought the issue of slavery. They also recently discussed the contribution of Mexican landowner Juan Seguin as an important leader in the War for Independence on an equal footing with Crockett, Boye, Travis, Austin and Houston. <br /> <br /> But there was one weakness (although it was well hidden) in the film. Wayne worked hard to put it right, and he thought in many people to take leadership roles in it. But did not properly deal with the commander of enemy forces, General Antonio de Santa Ana. This role played by the mysterious actor Robin Padilla (in this forum, the string shows three credits only included). Padilla did not have any spoken dialog (even in Spanish). Although he has one of the last shots in the film, he only appears as a silent thief, noting the cremation of the bodies of Americans and their allies. <br /> <br /> Despite the many bad choices in the film, the shooting of this TV movie (Alamo: Thirteen Days to Clear it) is the best film in the Man Show (1836-1854) America. Raul Julia was a great theater actor. I was lucky to see him producing (in the late 1980s) from the Archives and Records Management Section in Manhattan, such as Sergius. It has never been boring, and is usually ranked first in its representation. <br /> <br /> Here we see the selfish monster at its worst. There is nothing acceptable that does not suit the wishes or activities of Santa Ana. It can be an organized failure of the army to bring some elements that it requested quickly enough, or the magnitude of these "foreign brigades" (as the Americans saw) in not bowing to itself, "Napoleon of the West". <br /> <br /> Santa Ana was President of Mexico five or six times between 1830 and 1855. He claimed he first participated in overthrowing the president because this president did not live up to the country's constitution, but was the force that kept him year after year. It is a sad comment that he was the leading Mexican historical figure in these two decades. No political figure or military figure will emerge until Benito Juárez replaces him in the late 1850s. At first he claimed the great liberal ideals, but he once admitted that the people of Mexico were children who needed guidance for a hundred years before they could govern themselves (and thus it sounds like Gilbert Roland in CRISIS talks about the people who helped them in their leadership against Jose Ferrer). The amazing thing about him is that he managed to keep coming back. His policies were disasters. While we know about his attack on Texas (to quell a revolution there), he also tried to expand to Guatamala (and perhaps saw himself dominating much of Central America). I have won the Alamo, but at a high price. The Collegiate Massacre was an unforgivable Giulied artist (there may be a reason to destroy the Alamo defenders who were fighting to the end, but Vanun surrendered). Then came the disaster of San Jacinto, where his army was eliminated (failed to take adequate precautions to monitor US forces). He was arrested, humiliated, and forced to sign the Texas surrender. Houston was nice to him: the troops wanted to lift him up. <br /> <br /> With the exception of losing his leg in a battle against the French in 1838, he was unable to get into most of his wars. He denounced the forced surrender of Texas, but could not justify it militarily. Instead, Mexico will lead to defeat in the war of 1846 - 48 against the Americans, leading to the Mexican session. The United States was "decent" enough to pay Mexico $ 15 million to the southwest, but Mexico lost half of its territory. The President will last in 1853, in time to give the management of Franklin Pierce a very bad one moment of glory - Santa Ana sold the borders of Arizona and New Mexico ("Buy Gadsden") to the United States. No other Mexican president (not even Porfirio Diaz) cost his country much (Diaz has sold foreign business, but he built Mexico's economic muscle to do so). He was exiled in 1855 and settled on Staten Island. There he managed to do his most creative work: he made a chicle to the United States and became chewing gum. Some achievement! <br /> <br /> Julia's Santa Anna is younger than the planner and practitioner who has become America's best buying agent. He will not stand in opposition and jump into tantrums in a moment. Most of the time, his main assistant, Col. Black (David Ogden Stearns, a British-born officer) holds his tongue - does not want to have a fire brigade as possible. But Stirrs is less secret than the charm of his boss. In the end, when she is alone with the wives of the new widows of the dead Alamo defenders, he proposes to tell the world what Santa Ana really is. And they did!
