"TRICK OR TREAT" is a great example of Hollywood jumping on the "metal lagging" bandwagon launched by Tipper Gore and her wife in the Washington Wives in the mid-1980s (including other less successful entries in this kind of horrendous mini-black and silly gate). I was in sophomore high school when I came out of TRICK or TREAT and could not wait to see it. He seems to have disappeared from the video stores by the end of the 1980s, but I finally picked up a DVD version at its budget price a little while ago and recovered many wonderful metal memories from the back that day. Any teenage metal student can experiment with Eddie "Ragman" Weinbauer (Marc Price of "Family Ties") in this film because he is being persecuted by the "beautiful" people trained in his high school because of his heavy metallic features and musical taste. Eddie's favorite rock star is Sammy Corr (who is very much like Tommy Lee from Motley Crow), who was killed in a hotel fire early in the film. Eddie is so unbearable that he gets a quick test on the unpublished Sammi final album of Radio DJ (Gene Simmons of Kiss in a short veil). Eddie soon discovers that LP, when turned back, allows him to communicate with the spirit of Onmy, enjoyed by Sammy Core! Sammi soon advises Eddie about how to co-exist with the Preppie torturers, but when messages mount in a state of scarcity ("Waste'em ALL ... There's no fake metal!") Eddie tries to destroy the album, leading Sammi back to life Via Eddie stereo speakers. Sammy gets angry at his big dance at Eddie High School and takes the stage to shake the crowd and break up a few of the unlucky "fake mining" before Eddie arrives to save the day and the girl of his dreams. (SIGH) No, it's not terribly scary in 2006, it was not scary until 1986, but TRICK or TREAT is a movie that will give a smile to any mining worker in the 1980s, and has a soundtrack courtesy of the Fastway band worship. Well worth searching out if you've bumped your head or tasted horror movies from Class B (or both, like me).
