I must admit that I always found it hard to watch Anthony from start to finish on the first try, and even in this film, I ended up watching it in three parts on frequent occasions. In the end, I realized that perhaps it was better, because it forced me to stop thinking about the usual terms of the plot and to enjoy the scenes one by one. <br /> <br /> The first part seems more fragmented, which is not a bad thing; it requires more effort to follow. When you reach desert scenes, all efforts are paid in full. Stunning cinematography is only a part of it, making it an unforgettable fact to see how landscapes turn into an overwhelming presence, its mark and feeling, the feeling of sadness and freedom, and the way in which small figures intersect with it. The desert is dead, but at the same time it feels less remote and exotic than urban scenes in the first part. Dancing between the plane flying over it and the girl's car makes a series of wonderful shots. The scenes of love in the desert are simply beautiful, it is hard to imagine the kind of approach of film in our time. There is of course something very neat and studied around, but at the same time they were able to express a sense of natural innocence spontaneously and this is very rare these days. Everything seems loose and unwritten (thanks to reduced representation as well), but this is the result of obsessive attention to detail and form, culminating in a series of blasts in the end, a truly spectacular scene. It leaves you only in awe. Well, yes, if you want all the movies to follow a classic plot development and be packed with motion transitions, but if all the cinema is so, it will be really boring and sad; Buzz - perhaps, but when coupled with this kind of ambition with actual skills, depth and style, the buzz is a compliment. "Political" criticisms are less logical for me, and I do not see the point of approaching such a film with ideological ambiguity or worse national requirements. He only defeats the purpose. It may be true, as the former commentator observed, that Anthony saw these young "hippies" and the policy of protests and riots with the police with foreign charm, but I think this adds something rather than detracting from the film. It is not true that the hippies were not present in Italy at the time (they thought of the 1968 protests, as in France), although they were quite different from their American counterpart and even more radical. But his interest in this film was not political. The events seem to be like an argument for a film that has the appeal of eternal universal quality. <br /> <br /> A special reference to great soundtrack. Among other things, this film, along with Easy Rider, is one of the first precursors in the contemporary "music" music video, as well as the concept of soundtracks for films that will remain stand-alone, but unlike the first, it uses music more accurately, Rather than movement. <br /> <br /> If you want a classic narrative in a movie, do not worry. If you want to be surprised, be patient and will not regret it.
