When this movie was produced, something hippie became prevalent. The ideas of counter-culture were well established, and for that reason a great film could be made. However, there is something you say, it is said really beautifully. Apart from those who only wait for vulgar material, this film is credited with its beautiful spectacle (which itself is more than enough reason to watch the film) by more than others. The soundtrack to this film, which has actually become more popular than the movie itself, is another addition. Pink Floyd's "Warnings with this Eugene Ax" fits well with explosions, and the absence of music in other scenes gives the film a pleasant, quiet mood. But. Messages in this movie seem to have been ignored by most. If you do not understand it, which seems to be the case for most, I will give you some hints: the man (the strong man, whatever his name is Mark?) Is part of a "realistic group." He leaves this group saying something like "I'm ready to die, but not bored." He later went on a picnic on a stolen plane, maybe looking for something. While in the air, Grful Dead's Dark Star is playing (from Live / Dead album) (I think). This song contains the phrase "We should go to you and I can," but this was not heard in the film. In the plane, a girl (Darya), who drives to attend a conference (about giving typical suburban families the opportunity to live in a very comfortable place in the desert, where everything is so simple and so cute). Family members!), By diving down, hit the car almost. The plane landed, and joins the girl on her way to Detroit. They stop at the Zabriskie point, where they enjoy each other as living things and nature. Later, a family with a big car (of the kind you sleep in) and a speedboat was shown visiting Zabriskie Point, where the father says something like "What a waste of driving all the way here," and the child sitting inside the car, grinning. I felt "this was not much better than on the short" attitude. Daria Marc returns to the plane, which has now been painted in an anesthetic manner, changing the identity number to "No war" and "No words" on the other side. "Bucks suck" is written on board. Mark returned the plane to the place where he had been stolen, saying to Darya before leaving "I do not risk anything" or anything, one of the many hints that he does not care much about his fate. (This is because he has a feeling that the surroundings do not give him anything - "I wonder what's going on in the real world") at the airport met by police officers who shot him even though he just returned to the plane. Darya hears this on the radio, but decides to go to the conference in the luxurious palace. Here she feels weird after adventures with her friend who has just been killed. It has fresh water running down a rock, more than a swimming pool. Inside the house, the viewer is again given a hint of anti-materialism - looking through a glass wall, holding her hands on the glass as if trapped. Business people are arguing, the party is keen to make a big deal, and the other is afraid of losing money. Daria leaves the house and looks at him and imagines him. After the house, several other things explode, such as television. She smiles, happy because she destroyed within herself after the meeting with Mark seen as something negative. <br /> <br /> To summarize: Make it clear that the "reality group" experience is not very useful because it is just sitting, talking, and not taking action. He obviously has bad feelings about things as they are, and he seems to feel that it is useless to fight against them. He wants to leave. He helps Daria, who "is in her mind but not in action," to see his point of view. When his uncertainty becomes his death, one can hope that Darya will use ideas in a way that will become constructive. In the film, you see how LA is exposed to pollution through commercials (very bad, you should show the ad to clarify this point), you see business people decide what the future is, etc., and you see that people are unhappy with these and other attitudes Parts of the modern world. <br /> <br /> I only saw the movie once, so I did not have all the points, but I certainly felt what this film should say, and I find it strange that this film is called meaning. If I say that the points are very clear, I can see why, this film may be aimed at attracting the roots of post-hippies to "dig" ideas against the institution. Although she has a lot to say, and her message is still needed today, things are developing much in the same direction as before the 1960s. Zabriskie Point is a really wonderful film, telling a story about ordinary young people (not the distant hippies who come around the edge, digging everything) looking for what they consider real and dissatisfied with the traditional. It is done in a really beautiful way.
