I was told that she was one of the "either love or hate" movies. Well, I loved it. Clear from the Hippie era, the symbolism dated, easy and all. So, I probably do not have any taste at all when it comes to Anthony, but this and La Notte (made exactly a decade ago) are my favorite among his films so far. Made two years before my birth, Zabriskie Point was supposed to be the great American Michael Angelo. But apparently, it turned out to be floundering. I really can not see why. Before watching it I read it was fairly boring, so I prepared for a very slow film - although I loved a slow film. For my taste, Zabriskie did not have a dull minute in it. While watching it, I noticed how European mentality was by the director for the frequent use of these billboards in almost every urban scene, huge billboards dwarfing any human form on the horizon. It is clear that this recurring visual element exists to emphasize the way in which individual consumption is crushed in American society. But then I saw L'Eclisse immediately afterwards, which was identified in Rome in the early 1960s, and noted that Antonioni often had billboards in it. After all, the exquisite use of landscape, architecture and non-living objects in every frame with or without human beings is an Anthony brand? This is exactly the way the psychic states of his characters are conjured up, with less or more power and greater visual impact. It is almost unprecedented in this skill. <br /> <br /> Zabriskie Point had a very attractive championship game that had to become two big stars in the 1970s, but they never did. Marc Fréchette, whom I had already seen in World War I film Francesco Rossi's beautiful, Uminni Contreau, lived a very tragic life and died at the age of 27. Daria Halperin, Mark's co-star, who also appears to be the wife of Denis Hopper, is enjoying her stunning natural beauty and the attraction of small Ornella Motti? One of those luminous beauties that do not need to scrape make-up to turn heads. Such as Frechette, gave birth to few mysterious films and never became a star, but at least did not die tragically. More importantly, Zabriskie Point contains one of the most original sex scenes ever shot - a scene that brings with it a sense of youthful fun like the little I've seen - in addition to its powerful end. This sequence may be the most unusual in terms of symbolism, but I can not see how anyone can deny his beauty and his wonderful feeling of emotional release. The explosion did not look very good, and very poetic. It seems to be an explosion that restores order rather than creating chaos.
