There are not many times when I see a movie and I go, "huh, what?" , But this was one of them. Maybe after seeing Zabriskie Point, I felt the same way Woody Allen felt after seeing 2001 - he only loved the movie after seeing it three times over two years, and realized that the director was in front of him in what was happening. Michelangelo Antonioni, in one of his few attempts to produce films in the United States (after the Red Desert, did Blow-Up, this film, China, and The Passenger, all filmed outside his native Italy), I felt he almost tried to figure out ways The country through its mediation of the mediator. The results show that it does not lack the means to present images, feelings, tones, colors, sounds and visual representation of this era. Antonioni once said: "The director's job is vision." Whatever it is, he does not disappoint in admiring his work after the 1950s (I say after the 1950s because I have not seen any of his films yet by Laventura). <br /> <br /> What is lacking is a point, at least the type of point that Blow-Up and Eclipse can bring. Feel familiar with what is going on around these characters, and what are the subjects that stand out in their eyes, but in this case do not bring the characters and actors a lot of contentment or purpose. Antonioni, who comes from the tough school, the new real-world filmmaker, does his best with his non-professional songs (those who resemble real actors are cast into corporate roles). Maybe that was the point. The story is divided into three works, fortunately not very confusing, as Mark flees from his presence around the busy and dangerous campus life in the Los Angeles area in the late 1960s. Daria is sent from Los Angeles to drive to Phoenix for some business meetings . They meet by chance with Mark's plane (how does he know how to drive, maybe a little background information there?) And the Darya car meet, and spend some time together in my type of groove in the desert. Apart from the strange sexual scene in the strange style, much of this work is not very interesting. <br /> <br /> These two shows are fair enough to look at, but what exactly leads them to each other out of curiosity? The ideas that were put forward (in part from a script co-written by Sam Sheppard) do not reveal much, except for one brief moment when drugs are raised against reality. The film then moves towards Chapter 3, where Mark decides to do the right thing, in disastrous circumstances, and Daria arrives at the place of her boss, to disappoint her completely (do not take into account the last five minutes or so of the film). Although the film took his time to tell his story, I did not have as much trouble with it as I did, but the story occupies a certain kind of scene. I understand and sympathize with feelings, doubts, fears, as well as self-confidence for "anti-establishment," but Anthony may not quite know this by himself. In some scenes, as director and editor (as well as the often stunning film by Alfio Contini), the scene and backgrounds are more enlightening and solid than people in the foreground. The artistic aspect of Zabriskie Point does not involve a degree (this may make it feel sleepy, because Anthony may be much bigger as a documentary filmmaker because he is a film director like Francis Ford Coppola). <br /> <br /> Deserts, sky, city and even faces were filmed in close-up shots to the director who loves the art of putting things in the frame and bringing us to it. Equally, with a major hit including the lovely Rolling Stones song sometime, then the charming and clinical Pink Floyd song (renamed 'Careful with Ax Eugene', one of the best pre-Dark Side) in the explosion sequence. If the presentations are not one-sided only, I may find this to be on par with Blow-Up or Eclipse. It is an unconventional stroke on the one hand, and on the other, there is a dullness of what the Hippie / Radical movement was in the late 1960s. But hey, what might be boring for an American like me in the 1980s, others might not be outside the United States, like Italy. And asks not to be ignored immediately after viewing one.
