I know this is not a popular position with Zabriskie Point, but I liked this movie. I know, I know - I can call it a fanatical Anthony. I love Laventura, I love Not Knot, I love Lycles, I love Red Desert, I love Bluebee, I love Profession: Reporter (also known as Rider). The only Antonioni movie I do not like, the only film I've ever given is less than 8/10 (and one of only three films I've given is less than 10/10, neither Notti nor Ixis and the other two, although I know perfectly well that I have to see both of them once Others), but it is "behind the clouds", which can be somewhat called a terrible film. However, there is no more awful film, if I catch my drift. So if you are not a fan of Antonioni, you should only ignore me logically. If you are even an unusual fan, you wonder if this particular film, its name, when speaking, often follows it <br /> <br /> Spit, despise it until Antonioni admire, absolutely worth the answer, the answer is yes. <br /> <br /> Well, the reason people tend to hate is because 99% of movie watchers are just interested in telling the film. Well, that's not quite true. If the film is amazing in a certain aspect, say acting, cinema or direction, and fit in its narrative, filmgoers may like it. But the film could be more of an amazing visual masterpiece and it has a lame or illogical story - and this is something else that has corrupted cinema over the years: logic - and then totally hate the film. I will agree with that in some ways. Although I may not like it and want to change my point of view, it is really hard to love a film that I see as a bad story. However, other people tend to be annoyed by the loose narrative. This is definitely what drives viewers away from Zabriskie Point. I can relate the story to you, but you might think it was illogical. It is, in fact, but for me, that has just made the whole endeavor more wonderful and beautiful. I actually compared it in 2001, which is my favorite film. However, the year 2001 is quite coherent compared to the enormous narrative of this film. <br /> <br /> What Zabriskie Point has in the Pistoni is the mood. Music helps a lot. The result includes many of today's works, including Pink Floyd. The mood is somewhat like the mood of other Antonine masterpieces filled with loneliness and ruin. Also the freedom that comes from it. The best sequence in the film is when the leading men and women (her name is Darya, I know, but I do not remember his name) walk in their car next to a historic sign on a desert highway. There, outside the stone wall erected to prevent cars from flying, there is an old lake. It's basically a rocky desert, and the two go to play there. The setting is very nice. "This is a beautiful place, what do you think?" Man: "I think he's dead." There is no tendency to whether this is a good thing or a bad thing. This is very similar to the emotions expressed in other Anthony movies - the characters you want to constantly disappear or become invisible. Instead of David Locke, the hero of The Passenger, is fed up with the press, we're fed up with the politics of his friends - he thinks they talk too much and do not feel right, or at least say he does. It seems like I want to get out of position. <br /> <br /> The movie is also amazing visually. All Antonioni movies can be identified by only a few frames, but his visual style has always been evolving. I like the Passenger more than I like Zabriskie Point, but Zabriskie Point may be the final achievement in this aspect. Well, this may seem strange - Fabalentura and the Red Desert are spectacularly imaginative. I think the camera movements are particularly spectacular here. He obviously reaped a lot of money on Blowup, who was the greatest mobile in his time, and is the biggest ever at that point. It goes well here, especially through air shots. One of the greatest serials in the film concerns the man, who stole a private jet for a man, and detonated Daria in her car. <br /> <br /> The only thing that can be criticized is the film's policy. They are certainly easy. These hippies were not easy, but Antonioni's vision of the hippies did not exist in Italy, of course - strange and filtered through the eyes of foreigners. There is somewhat childish criticism of the ad, but criticism still exists today. I say, can not you ignore it? What hurts? Do you go shopping for things you do not want because of billboards? Or there is also criticism against capitalism. Darya, a secretary, works in a company that plunders land in the desert - the land she and her husband enjoyed - to create cheap, family-run suburban homes for families. Rod Taylor, the most luxurious actor whose most famous roles are The Time Machine and The Birds, acts as its president. The end, which you will not spoil - you should see - is aggressively cheap. I can, however, understand the treatment of police officers. Not that I despised them in general, but they were awful at the time. They can still be terrible now. They always had a lot of strength. <br /> <br /> These vulgar arguments against the American way of life still do not affect my opinion much of the film. I find this filtered view of America very enjoyable. I do not really think that Hippie would have disagreed with Anthony. 10/10.
