If Sora did not do anything like this before, Iberia would be a milestone. Now it is still worth the inclusion to pay tribute to a great director and great screenwriter of Spanish culture, but he has done a lot like this before, and although we can pay tribute to the wealth he has given us, we have to choose and choose favorites and higher from similar films including Blood Wedding (1981) ), Carmen (1983), El Amore Brujo (1986), Sevillanas (1992), Salomé (2002) and Tango (1998). I chose Saura 1995 Flamenco as a unique cultural document and beside it, ignored by Iberia. <br /> <br /> Iberia is portrayed as a series of interpretations of the music of Isaac Manuel Francisco Albinis (1860-1909), especially his Iberian wing of the piano. Isaac Albanes was a major contributor to the internationalization of Spanish musical culture - its re-ordination of a non-Hispanic audience. He moved to France in his early 30s and was influenced by French melodies. His "Iberia" suite is an innovative blend of Spanish folk music with styles from Liszt, Dukas and d'Indy. He traveled around the performance of his compositions, which are a kind of beautiful monotheism of tunes and Spanish melodies, not homogeneous like Ravello Bolero but moving in that direction. Of course, the Spanish recovered Albinis, and in Iberia, the artists reinterpreted his works in terms of various ethnic and regional styles and dances. But the source is a diluted and diluted form of Spanish music and dance culture compared to the bustling Spanish of pure flamenco. Flamenco, which comes out of Andalusia, is a deep mix of Omani, Spanish and Jewish cultures. Iberia is a peninsula that includes Spain, Portugal, Andorra and Gibraltar. The concept is more diluted. <br /> <br /> Saura's Flamenco is an intense and unstoppable ethnic mix of music, singing, dancing and peacock style for the noble presentation that is the essence of Spanish style and the way a man and woman proudly look at arrogance, elegance and hazelnuts - even bullfighting and full Its - in a series of electrical sequences without an introduction or conclusion; they are just them. Sora has always emphasized the magnificence of his collaboration with the choreographer Antonio Gaddis and other artists. In his 1995 film Flamenco, he abandoned any excuse for a story. The singers, musicians and dancers simply launched and shut off the big stage with beautiful lighting, screens, apartments and mirrors arranged by Vittorio Storaro, another Spanish filmmaker. The beginnings and endings of the flamenco sequences are often harsh, but in the atmosphere, they are characterized only by pedal and theft of mixing feet and a mix of sounds. Sometimes the film continues to feed when the show ends and the dancer sees a sigh, sigh or laugh; or someone says something unexpectedly. In Flamenco, more than any of the other Saura movies, the interaction between singers and dancers is intense, clapping and rhythm. The participating observers shout at the thrilling "The Story" and create the magic. Because Saura has really made magic, and maybe even better when he abandoned any traditional story. <br /> <br /> Iberia is in a style similar to some of the purest Saura movies: no narration, no dialogue, just an acronym that refers to the type of song or region, from the pianist who plays Albinis and gradually moves to a series of strings Dance and a little singing. In flamenco music, the main element is unaccompanied sound, and this sound is a unique contribution that is unambiguous in world music. It is about other songs in other ethnicities, but there is nothing exactly equal to the unique, unique, yelling scream that challenges you to do anything but listen to it with the utmost attention. Then comes clapping and trampling in the foot, then dancing, with other elements. There is only one Flamenco song in Iberia. If you love Saura's Flamenco, then you'll want to see Iberia, but you'll be a bit disappointed. Style There are some great sounds, dance and music. But the source and perception of Iberia destroys it less than power and makes it a cultural experience less rich and dense.
