Students often ask me why I chose this version of Othello. Shakespeare's text has been heavily cut and the film contains material that has been rated "R". <br /> <br /> I have several reasons to use this production: First, I did not see a picture of Moore who already made my sympathy with Othello until I saw Fishburne playing. I saw James Earl Jones and Christopher Plummer playing Othello and Iago on Broadway, and it was wonderful. Plama's energy was particularly remarkable. But in spite of John's astonishing physical and vocal presence, the character he played seemed so negative that it made me completely illegitimate in the Aristotelian sense. In fact, Jones confirmed what he felt when he pointed out in an interview that he played the role of Othello in a negative role - where Iago saw that he was doing it primarily. Unfortunately, this saddened me to destroy my character. So I felt sympathy for John Moore but not the terror of a wicked man because of his corruption. By contrast, Fichlorn Othello is a strong and powerful figure familiar with action. Thus, the temptation of Iago to deal effectively with what is presented to Othello because the betrayal of his wife represents a distortion of the positive quality of the general to be active and not negative. The horror of the story is that this good quality in Othello becomes perverted. So Fishburne's portrayal is a classic tragedy. <br /> <br /> Second, Fishburne is the first black actor to play Othello in a movie. Orsen Wells and Anthony Hopkins produced great copies of the films, but they were white men in a black face. Why should a black actor be a black man on stage? 3 Certainly on Shakespeare, they used a black face just as they used the boys to make girls. Maybe then, the reason is the same. Female actresses bring a special quality to women's roles on the Shakespeare stage because they understand better what Shakespeare's genius was trying to offer. The talented black actor must play the role of the swamp because his experience in an egg-dominated culture is vital to understanding what Shakespeare's genius recognizes: the pain of marginalization because of race. An important topic in Othello is the isolation caused by racism. Although it is wrong to include American racism in a Shakespearean play, there can be no doubt that racism is still working among characters. Many, including Desimona's father, believe that the union between a white Christian woman in Venice and a black Christian man in North Africa is unnatural. <br /> <br /> Thirdly, Shakespeare has never been classified in category G. Never. His performances have always been characterized by violence and strong language. But the genius of Shakespeare uses these elements not as an inspiration for the artistic secretariat.
