I was lucky enough to finally see this film on Turner Classic tonight because it was one of the films that won the Academy Award for Special Effects in its annual Oscar winning film. <br /> <br /> BEDKNOBS and BROOMSTICKS is easily a complementary film to the early success of POPPINS MARP. The film was a great success and won an Oscar (Best Actress for Julie Andrews). Such as MARY POPPINS BEDKNOBS performed by David Tomlinson in a role he learns about parenting. It is a wonderful combination of live animation and animation. He was appointed in the last period of British history (if not the Georgian Edwardian world of 1912 in London, the coast of England during the summer of "Dunkirk" of 1940). So that Reginald Owen had old in it, here as a general in the home guard, while Admiral Bum was formerly in the POPPINS MARP. Ironically it was Owen's final role. <br /> <br /> The "Home Guard" series (not too many in the film) recalls one of the British series "DAD'S ARMY", which deals with the problems of the local housekeeper in the early years of the war. This period is also marked by the emergence of the three children of Rawlins as orphans of war bombings in the city of Blitz, London. And (in the typical Disney style) in the musical number "Portobello Rod" various members of the British army (including soldiers from India and the Caribbean (complete with metal drums so far!)) Appear with Scottish and local assistants in fashion. <br /> <br /> All of this, amazingly, is a plus. But the biggest addition is that Angela Lansbury, her performance as an award for Eglantine Price is finally: her only real musical. In the remarkable career of acting, Lansbury never got the real musical role she deserved, like Aunt Mami in the musical Mami, which appeared shortly after BEDKNOBS. I have been in parts of singing (in GASLIGHT with its UP UPDATE in A BOALLOON BOYS, and in DORIAN GRAY image with LITTLE YELLOW BIRD, - and best of all - in support and at the conclusion of GARRLY GIRLS with the final rework of to Acheson, Tupica and Santa). But here only play the role of female. So when you hear her singing with David Tomlinson, you may be able to understand what we lost when she did not play Mm Dennis Burnside. <br /> <br /> The rest of the crew is very good, Tomlinson learned here that he is able to climb to the occasion after the age of relative failure. The three children (Cindy O'Callaghan, Roy Snart, and Ian Weigel) show more interesting aspects of their personalities than their Edwardian predecessors in POPPINS (in particular, as a sort of opportunistic thinking that ensued in Lancbury blackmail after discovering it was a witch). The only sudden loss (perhaps because of the scenes cut) is Rudy McDowell as a local attorney who exists only in two sequences of the film. With its potential role as an anti-magic enemy that should have had a greater role. It is worth mentioning that John Eriksson, as the German officer who leads the raid at the end of the film, only to find that he faces something more powerful than he imagined in the British countryside, and Sam Jaffe as a rival to magic. The formula sought by Lansbury and Tomlinson. <br /> <br /> For the animation, the two subterranean sequences in a lake, and in the fiercest football match ever seen, Tomlinson was pulled to the last as a referee, getting aesthetically banged in various charges and fights. As I said it's a fantastic sample of Disney's best studio works.
