It is wonderful to see Roshan Seth (the stern father in 1992, "Mississippi Masala"), who once again takes the role of father and head of the family, and more, in the SUCH A LONG JOURNEY, held in 1971 in Bombay, India. In addition to cohesive family settings, topics include missing topics and finding a friendship. The unexpected death of a friend (in one way or another the smiling smiling face of a friend in death in the presence of prayers, he felt peace - so noted by Gustav Noble, the character of Roshan); the pavement artist's chain of events - Ashes "of a prophetic and philosophical nature. It is full of life lessons in different aspects of the different relationships: between father and son; mother and son; father and daughter; small daughter and father and mother; My dear friends are missing; even a man-to-man film, his film "Deception" innocent slow. <br /> <br /> Despite the tone of the film era, it is a colorful film rich in content and powerful story in the fabric layers with humor and suspense. For a non-Indian director (Storla Gunnarson Icelandic), made an Indian / Pakistani film. It enters the bone marrow of the life of this Parsi which is portrayed by Roshan Seth, whose performance contains these nuances, ingenuity, and joy. (There is singing, too). The rest of the representatives are equally strong: from the mysterious mother of Puri to the friend; Sony Rizdan the permanent wife; Vrajesh Hirjee the eldest son of dialect; Sam's longtime constitutionist colleague; Ranjit Chaudhry the pavement artist. To a "charming" fairy woman from a neighbor; an "idiot" is not content with a man; and a long-lost bosom friend - a world of many faces and points of view. Director Gunnarsson has shown sensitivity in the treatment of that time period and the subject has been well researched with attention to detail. He has a good fortune because he wrote Sooni Taraporevala (1992 "Mississippi Masala", 1988 "Salaam Bombay!"). It's really a worthwhile trip to a movie to share. <br /> <br /> Along the lines of cultural exploration (the style of the road film), Fridrik Thor Fridriksson 1994 "Cold Fever" is an Icelandic journey around a young Japanese man who went all over the world in search of a specific spot to pay his last greetings to his parents, following a ritual Souvenir about the dead. Such cross-cultural reverence and interest in family relationships is heartening today and in the age of the Internet.
