The musical Mram of Mitch Leisen, released before the production code campaign in July 1934, was repulsively repulsed - even as it claims to offend women and delight. Two murders took place on the opening night of "The Adventures of Earl Carroll" (one on the stage!), But this does not prevent the director (Jack Okay) from making a presentation while the magistrate (Victor McLaglin) investigates. Everyone is hiding something, and Gracey Rose Lee must have seen this ambiguity behind the behind-the-scenes murder before she lined up for "G-series murders" because this analogy is similar (although it is more pleasing here). Gertrude Michael, as an evil singer, stopped the show (in many ways) with her odd number "Sweet Marijuana" and Duke Ellington ends with "Rape Of The Rhapsody". The successful song, "Cocktails for Two People", came from this film. The strange and exotic classic camp is highly recommended! Here is Louella O. Parsons at the Los Angeles Examiner on 17 May 1934 <br /> <br /> The beautiful Pirouette game chosen by Earl Carroll around her on the Grauman United Artists screen is in a sheet of paper and nothing else. But September did not have a better character than these magicians, who were appeased to please the eye, especially the tired businessman's eye. But do not think for a moment that Mr. Carroll's girls, au naturelle, are the only attraction. Believe it or not, MURDER AT THE VANITIES is a musical comedy, if you know what I mean, the murder mystery is incorporated into a musical show. It all happens on the opening night at the time the play is performed and the search for a murderer. Just by suspense, a policeman threatens to stop the show every few minutes. Victor McLaglen is something new in the cops. All the time he tries to track the killer, he watches the beauty of the choir. The secret of killing is good except for the exception, which is very flat. Maybe the wrong direction. Dorothy Steckney, who plays the maid, revolves around a melodrama like the heroine in twenty-three performances. For no good reason, you classify a close-up close-up in the dramatic drama scene. The girl's sets are good, and it is gratifying to get away from the inevitable top shots. Beautiful fashion. In fact, this is a musical that Paramount can really feel is to their own credit. For Carl Bresson-Will, it will add to any offer. Good-looking with a delicious singing voice and in an easy and secure way is all he is asked by press agents. I also love Kitty Carlyle, who plays the lead lady in the show. Gertrude Michael, a deep fuzz of the eye, gives an interesting picture if it is somewhat fanciful. Jack Oakie, as the director of the theater, is the same old Jack, but we will not change him. Jesse Ralph is as excellent as sewing. Other representatives include Charles Middleton, Gill Patrick, Donald Meek, Barbara Fritsch, Toby Wing and Luna André. Screenplay by Carrie Wilson and Rufus King, directed by Mitchell Leesen. Music by Arthur Johnston and Sam Coslo's lyrics. In addition to MURDER AT THE VANITIES, there is a cartoon of Mickey Mouse, Paramount Newsreel, and two reels, The WRONG DIRECTION. <br /> <br /> I do not agree with Lolly's cancellation, it's a satisfactory if over-over. Why blame the director? Was she dissatisfied with the end of the story, or the way it was organized? What is "ten, twenty or thirty"? Note the criticism taken in the Berkeley Busby and the "overhead shots". Although difficult to believe today, the audience was tired of the game 'Buzz' schtick by May 1934. "Mitch Lizen:" If you are a theater show is supposed to be in a theater, you must stay within the boundaries of arc proscenium, not to do Buzz Berkeley protein with a large fedan theater group. "<br /> <br /> Q: Do not you think the wonderful Berkeley effects justify taking this freedom? ML: Obviously, they did it because they are reviving all his pictures, not my pictures, but I personally do not like it.
