I have read a lot of comments about the film and how hard it is for people to believe it is a complement to Henry Bean, and although technically, I think Faye Grimm should be seen as a completely different film. Just because it is a supplement does not mean that it should be a direct continuation of the first, and I enjoyed this very much. The main point in the film was a change of direction from the first, which makes sense because the film is not called Henry Fole 2, it's Faye Grimm. All this aside, the film, I think, was well made and thought he really surprised me. I was expecting to rent another film that was almost released on video and had to endure two hours of bad adjustment and difficulty tracking the story line (also known as Parker's last live video showing Oh in Ohio) so amazingly focused that it does not seem to be so, I loved him perfectly. There are a lot of subtle differences in filmmaking and writing, and I look forward to seeing them in films, but I never do. The cinema was wonderful because of its simplicity and made the film look like "dark" all the time - in terms of preparation. The writing was well put, too, everyone said that this film is not as brilliant as Henry Bean needs to see it again and actually listen to it; I can not even begin to explain how hilarious it is in fact, and how important it is. Well, Parker Bossi, who can complain? The scene in which Paul and Jalal spoke in the dark was both emotional and emotional. I think the spying around the movie was very joyous and signed (it's too late because I sometimes agree with it when you feel lost). The main thing that amazed me deeply about the film, I think the aim of the film, was Parker's love and naivety about a lie, which was very fond and turned, yes very quickly, from denial to express emotion. The last five minutes of the film were perfect. There are obviously some things that were not excellent, but there is nothing perfect; some representation was poor, and sometimes I thought that some of the new background story and the dialogue about terrorism were difficult to follow and a little bit apart from, but in the end I understood and did not mind at the time Which may have slipped from your understanding. (It may also be Mel Gold Plum's talk too quickly). All in all, it was probably one of the best films I've seen this year; fun writing, smart and polite style, and impressive shows. I've now gained a new respect for some actors, a truly moving, memorable film, a complete departure from Bean. That was the point.
