Well, this movie is representing many things. For starters, this film revolves around a disgruntled student bringing a gun to school and shooting at about 9 students. One of the students survives and is hospitalized with severe head injuries. The main character is what many people consider "lonely / gothic", although the film did not mention it. She looked completely mysterious, but she was also the only non-infected student in the victim's classroom. She was interrogated, because there is a record of the shooter's knowledge and he has a record of being on the phone with him the night before. Anyway, she is a short and very distant person who seems to despise society. However, because of some unexplained events at first, she spent almost a year outside school, substandard. Have a desire to graduate, the principle is practically respected in the only possible way to pass is to spend time with the survivor, the girl in the hospital. <br /> <br /> These two paths are almost identical, and they are quite social. While Alisha is a quiet and turbulent "gothic" girl at home and anti-social who spends her time completely alone (although she seems to read a lot, somewhat out of the closet / out of the bookcase), the other girl is rich, Which always seems incredibly optimistic and encircled in its fantasy world, ignoring the outside world and its reality for survival. I feel both of these roles for the wonderful task of representing the most common "groups" in modern high school, but more importantly, how to open up two completely opposite girls who know nothing about each other in the end. As the infected girl learns a deep and meaningful truth about her once-protected life and the outside world, Alisha learns that the total abandonment of society and the closure of everything at home is not always the best thing. <br /> <br /> Many people will look at the relationship between these two girls and see one of two things. A young girl with hatred who wants the rest of the world to suffer as she does, and an innocent girl, or the story of a girl who looks like a besieged and scary meeting a pariah of society and learns not only not to judge, but actually, perhaps, one of the most intelligent people who I knew them. In other words, people may see that this film focuses on teaching Alicia to the other girl a lesson about life, but it is not about it. <br /> <br /> This movie revolves around big things. While it's all about what you said, it also represents how people deal with a major life-changing disaster. Really, this film is not very symbolic, but rather incredibly direct with his message, as long as you are not afraid to open your mind and heart to some feelings that you may not be aware of miraculously photographed. Overall, this is one of the best films I have ever seen. The acting is wonderful, the story has a profound and meaningful representation, and the emotion flowing through this film will have anyone not only connected, but perhaps crying. This film is heart-rending, very moving, and if I thought that any film could change a person's life ... this would be the first film that could change my life. <br /> <br /> I liked this movie, if you want an influential film, while this is incredibly fun and enjoyable, watch this movie.
