Perhaps I would have preferred this film if I had not been associated with Henry Bean's characters. For those who did not see Henry Bean, I was not worried. As Hartley joked in his introduction to the film in TIFF, the film contains a lot of presentations and interpretations. <br /> <br /> This movie is very heavy in the plot, which keeps the movie moving. There are many moments of humor and the film certainly has Hartley's brand and rhythm of dialogue. On the whole, a technically good film is sure to satisfy new Hartley fans who have just begun exploring his works. As for the older fans who liked his previous works such as Trust and Amateur, the film could go both ways. I have mixed feelings about the film and the subsequent Hartley films in general. What Hartley does is put his stories in small positions, focusing on the intimate and distinct ways in which his characters interact with each other. Since the late 1990s and beyond, his films have expanded in scope. The media in nothing like that, religion in the book of life and now terrorism in Faye Grim. I do not know whether Hartley's talents are suitable for such a big issue or whether he is capable of achieving justice. <br /> <br /> Strangely enough, it is still possible to transform the movie into intimate relationships and a simple love story about a woman going to find the husband she loves. The only problem is, I've seen Henry Bean, and everyone seems to have no personality in this film. You can say that this film was written long after Henry Bean finished without any intention to continue. In some way, the terrorist plot has been handled comfortably by using Henry's books for confessions as a drug (hitchcockian sense). Fei's motives seemed to find Henry purely driven by the needs of the plot rather than being loyal to those who acted as a person in Henry Fowl. <br /> <br /> I think I'm a little disappointed in the film because it is not the same as the characters in Henry Fool and it does not work exactly as a direct thriller. There is a lot of irony and delight in Hartley's approach to such a big subject as terrorism. It works in some way and does not work at the same time. All I can say is that you like or hate the film depending on what you do at Hartley and how knowledgeable you are about Hartley's work. Henry's fans lie, severely warned to disappointment. For the rest, welcome to Hull Hartley and enjoy the trip.
