Faye Grimm, on his face, a tale of spying and plot Roy with a nod and a wink. In an extraordinary complement to Henry Bean, Hal Hartley makes an amazing combination of Noir and a cross-stitch spy that begins with a knowing smile and a large dose of laughter and becomes as moving and warm as any film I have seen this year. Parkey Posey is Fay Grim, the unintended Mata Hari caught between the love of her exiled husband Henry Fowl and the dubious intentions of a CIA agent. As a Fulbright agent, Jeff Goldblum is the master of intelligence and irony, in a role that seems to be tailored to his talent. It has never been better. James Orbaniac is the brother of Simon Fei, who was imprisoned but famous for his famous poetic writings. His love for his work and his sister bring a passion for contradiction with the embodied nature of the spies who eventually inhabit the world of phi. William Aiken is the 14-year-old son of Fay. Although this may be redundant. Aiken's least-grade style is the "old spirit" remarkably of someone in his age. <br /> <br /> The entire film was filmed at a Dutch angle, and an out-of-game style best known for Orson Welles, mainly used in horror films and psychological thrills to convey a sense of vow. In Fay Grim, using this method of opening credits to closing is initially intriguing, and cleverly clever in the following. Because when the viewer begins to descend in search of timed comedic elements and a great script for Hartley, something happens. The film takes a strange, awkward turn where these characters become magically sympathetic before our eyes. What began as a dark comedy turns into a romantic drama, the transition is witty. The slow speed gives way to a breathtakingly exciting action, and we are completely absorbed into the vortex. <br /> <br /> In the end, the sharp dialogue at Hartley along with the stunning performances of a perfectly matched band makes a delightful movie cocktail. Along with the luxury of someone who is capable of writing, producing, directing, editing and even composing music, Hal Hartley created a clever and engaging story of espionage with a tongue not planted in the cheek. Faye Grimm is one part of Dashiell Hammett, one part of Raymond Chandler, and one part Ian Fleming, Shake and probably also raised.
