I have a deep admiration for this film although it seems less deliberately appreciated than Fred and Ginger's other films, not to mention the problem of Harriet Hillard in a minor problem in the leading romantic role. <br /> <br /> Once again with these films, the plot is a simple result - Astaire plays a somewhat unlikely sailor (who happens to have been a great former hustler (of course!)) and Rogers is an ambitious performer in the Daim Dance Hall. Although their relationship is bright and pleasant to watch, they are drowned in an unimaginable masterpiece about Heliard and Randolph Scott, who have not found any chemistry between them. <br /> <br /> Although it was a last-minute decision, Hilliard was somewhat misleading because she did not have the screen presence to give the film what it needed, despite being resolved and loved all the time. The film may have benefited from the promotion of the lively and spirited character of Lucy Paul to a larger role, where she would simply shine in every small scene, and would give a wonderful side kick of Helen Broderick to Rogers in this kind of bright film (see "Stage Door" Which was created the following year, for an example of the wonderful scenes between these two wonderful actors). The one-dimensional personality of Scott Neanderthal eventually falls in love with Heliard more unbelievable than the fact that Esther is in the Navy! <br /> <br /> Now on the important part, singing and dancing: Nothing can be said about "Let's face music and dance" other than what is wonderful and dynamic and executed ideally and I often finish watching this scene with tears in my eyes. But the other songs in the film deserve some recognition as well: "I put all my eggs in one basket" is a wonderful example of the instincts of Astaire and Rogers comic, and almost ridiculed his reputation of integrating into fully synchronized automatic dance. Other highlights include "I'd Rather Lead the Band" and "Let Yourself Go", which shows how these talented people can do what sets them apart. I almost forgot to mention that this is one of the little (if not the only) time in which we see that Astaire plays brilliantly on the piano; it seems that the talents of this man were endless! <br /> <br /> In general, I actually prefer this to "best hat" and "swing time" (although only it), because it is more earthy and enthusiastically performed by all participants. , It's hard to hate the fun factor.
