The Plot is not an important point in Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers, but the "Follow the Fleet" scenario is exceptional. Fred and Dagger still sing exactly - they play "Bake" Baker and Sherry Martin, the dancers who ended their personal and professional partnership when Bake joined the Navy. When they meet again, the love-hate relationship generates some entertaining comic moments. But for the bulk of the film, they take the back seat to a boring sub-plot about Cherie Connie's sister Harriet Hilliard, her love for the sailor Billg Smith (Randolph Scott), Belen Bellge with another woman, and an ancient kony carriage inherited from her father. Although Hilliard is fairly charming, this plot is not interesting. <br /> <br /> At the same time, "Follow the Fleet" enjoys the unique Irving Berlin style that gives stars plenty of opportunity to show off their talents. Astaire gets two good singles with "We Saw the Sea" and "I like Rather a Band" he sings explicitly and, of course, dances nervously - a sailor suit that makes him seem more childish and athletic than usual. Rogers sings the song "Let Yourself Go" and then later performs the single dance on the same note. <br /> <br /> The three diodes really save the movie, although they are all locked up in the plot with silly excuses. Fred and Ginger win a dance contest by making a vital protein for another surprise from the game "Let Yourself Go". Later, they sing and dance "I put all my eggs in one basket" as if it were an early rehearsal of the number, tossing the choreography for comic effect. Finally, the film eventually discovers how Fred and Ginger are dressed for a romantic duet - he makes it part of a show inside the show. It's a busy place, but "Let's Face the Music and Dance" is one of the most beautiful things Berlin has ever written (reminiscent of Cole Porter), and the dance matches it elegantly. Astaire and Rogers Jewelers. <br /> <br /> It would be better to sit in most sections of the dialogue in "Follow the Fleet" again, in fact, it is not necessary, because the plot rarely drives musical numbers. But I can watch the songs again and again.
