If Hollywood is believed, the presence in the navy is nothing but a hoax. Although seafarers may grumble in a choir about the monotony of the ocean, their peripheral duties seem to be nonexistent, and in some way Fred Astaire finds enough leisure time during the day to offer dance lessons to a fleet of potential romanticists. This is the world of Esther and Rogers. The previous film by Mark Sandrich, "The High Hat (1935)," completely ignored the Great Depression, which was then kneeling America on its knees, and gave the public a bright world for the rich and famous; it was the optimistic view of the film about life that contributed to his success. Similarly, here Sandrich intentionally forgets that the marine officer's life is difficult and draining, and instead replaces the sailor duties with a variety of attractive lightweight musical numbers. <br /> <br /> "Bake" Baker (Astaire) and Shri Martin (Rogers) are former dance partners, whose romantic relationship collapsed after the latter refused to propose a marriage. After Buck's return from several years of service in the Navy, Sherry found a dance hostess in the unfinished San Francisco Hall. As the former lovers try to alternate and reject each other, Sherry's sister, the teacher and teacher (Harriet Hilliard, who looks really beautiful), receives complete arrangements and tries to charm the surface sailors Bilge "Bilgey" Smith (Randolph Scott). There are a lot of usual hooligans in the spiral comedy, and a few moments of wrong identity, and even a hilarious boss monkey steals every scene in it. Particularly amusing is the scene in which Peck destroys the performance test to create a window for a girl who is unfortunately scattered for both of them. Unfortunately, Sherry drinks soda bicarbonate and loses her ability to sing. <br /> <br /> "Follow the Fleet (1936)" was the fifth co-winner between Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers, and the third (out of five) in which Sandrich took out the pair. Irving Berlin presented the music and songs of the film, and every musical number is comfortable and enjoyable, even if it is not as memorable as those in Top Hat (1935), Swing Time (1936) or Shawl We Dance (1937). Astaire tries to liberate himself from his rich, rich character without much success, but it is hard to imagine the performer without childish charm that can only be accompanied by great wealth. The romantic side-by-side affair between Connie and Bilge is well with the alien from the two main stars, and Harriet Heliard (wearing a brown wig to avoid engagement with blond hair) contains a number of emotional individual numbers, including "Get Thee" and behind me Satan, Original for "Top Hat".
