What an entertaining movie. Esther and Randolph Scott in the Navy. Aster has to attract ginger in San Francisco, while Scott must be persuaded that Harriet Hilliard deserves to be his wife. Everything is going well. <br /> <br /> Sometimes, and I can see why, Scott's romantic relationship with Hilliard is unnecessary and slows down. It is particularly painful to sing Hilliard songs for happy love songs. I could have done it without singing to her, but I found romantic love touching. Hilliard enters the film as a music teacher, wearing spectacles of glasses, no makeup, and the ugliest clothes known to man or beast. No wonder Scott avoids her until she sexually prepares herself under the tutelage of her sister Ginger and Wessel Paul. The problem is that after turning it looks like a normal woman that is as irreversible as before, just with shiny clothes. It's tough enough for a family man. But at least a man can become rich, strong and popular, and then he can gather women anyway, even if he resembles JoJo the Dog-Boy Boy. But what does a normal-looking woman do? The same ways of romance are not open to her. Henry Kissinger was a group. Is Margaret Thatcher? It must be appalling to be a normal woman in a culture as harsh as our culture. As a kind of footnote, I must point out that Randolph Scott was rumored to be bisexual by Hollywood chatter who needed some nonsense to chew, a kind of armament that has the following line in this film when he leaves a family heliard - - "The woman does not care, sister "He said. The film is likely to give Ginger Rogers more time than any of her other films with Aster. And it's wonderful. She is a beautiful, exciting, talented actress and dancer, and the script gives her good comic lines as well. "Let's accept and be," suggests Esther. "Let's just make up," which will give you something to do. "It's the only film I made with Astaire, which gives it a solo number during the test." (Designed by Hermes Pan.) Its performance was accidentally corrupted by Astaire, which slides some of Alka Seltzer or anything in its water, stumbling across its number, Very accurate at the moment. <br /> <br /> Dancer, I was making a wonderful villa in the circus, so my opinion should be taken as an amateur's opinion, but I think their dances together are on par with any of them put into the film. The first, during a dance competition, "Let Yourself Go," is the most enthusiastic of anything I can remember. Music and dance, "should be among the best." The last step is amazing. <br /> <br /> I like the movie for personal reasons, I remember seeing it for the first time in a theater in downtown San Diego, The Seven Seas, "which served the sailors, I was wearing a formal uniform at that time and was influenced by the treatment of the maritime professions of Esther and Scott, what I mean is that we have here a fake musical comedy that never owes anything to historical reality. Other teams, pay their dues anyway. Jump ship, Astaire calls for "water taxi". You've just taken a water taxi to the beach. The uniform is true to the period (unlike, for example, those in "on the city"). They are dressed properly, hats down to two fingers width above the eyebrow and not back. There are two incidents in which Astaire encounters a problem with the maritime authorities and both are dealt with seriously seriously and perfectly believable. An officer prevents Astaire from leading the jazz band during the inspection and informs the captain, "They were playing when the call was launched, sir, I'm sure there is no breach of discipline." This is what an officer - a good officer - will say, and nobody laughs. <br /> <br /> The series was repeated a little by the time the "Follow the Fleet" was set up instead of a unique position in high society and fame, turning it into a smear of chewing gum instead. It was a good idea. Dance numbers up to the concept.
