Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers, the first Hollywood dance team, wore their clothes in the early stages and moved through art deco collections in the 1930s. However, they go fairly into this 1936 stroll, which is the fifth of ten musical works together. This time, he abandons his upper hat, his white tie and his tails to become a belligerent sailor named Becker Baker. Rogers plays the role of dance floor artist Chery Martin, who was a partner of Beck - dancing and so on - before she enlisted. Thus, unlike the erroneous identity tricks and the dominant romantic frequency in most of their previous spouses, they are already a couple from the beginning of the film. <br /> <br /> Directed by Mark Sandrich (who led five of their husbands), the film resembles a narrative story of "Roberta" in 1935 which was only one of two couples featured in the story. In fact, Randolph Scott plays the role of the other man in both films, this time as a Beck crew member who visits women at Belge Smith. He is a partner with La Irene Dunne (who rejected this follow-up concept) but Harriet Heliard. She married Heliard, who married Ozzie Nelson in real life and decades before Ozzie & Harriet, the sister of Sherin's Spinsterish Connie, who is hard on Bilge. In the absurd plot, she was given a transformation by a young white girl, Lucille Paul, and there is a classic trio of Hillieard and Paul and an impressive Pete Cable doll in front of the mirror. <br /> <br /> When talking about the story, thanks to what exists to Alan Scott and Dwight Taylor and goes to something like this ... Bake and Bilge are on vacation at the beach in San Francisco where they end up in a ballroom with His colleagues are rude. Bake discovers that Chery is working there, while Bilge gets to Connie first when she comes as a rotary car and then appears as a charming girl. Romance blooms for both couples. Connie and Cherie inherit a steamer from their father, but they need the money to keep him standing on his feet. There are multiple misunderstandings in both relationships, but everything succeeds when they turn the ship into a theater and put on a musical revolution to raise funds. It is as absurd as it seems, but it provides a good excuse for some of Berlin's unforgettable Irving songs and a trio of Esther-Rogers dances. <br /> <br /> The two are informal in tone - a "Let Yourself Go" contest where they appear mercilessly to win and a natural comedian aboard the ships is set to "the finger of all my eggs in one basket". However, their last dance is a classic return to the formality with a melodramatic piece beautifully arranged on a stunning arrangement of "Let's Face the Music and Dance". Interestingly, this film not only contains a single dance of Astaire, but the only time Rogers solo was dancing solo in one of their films, the active click routine that was once again set to "Let Yourself Go". She wears a sailor costume, Satana Dasma, and she also sings the most profitable song near the beginning of the film. <br /> <br /> Wise acting, Astaire and Rogers are in a traditional comic form here. While Scott plays his part through his trademark manhood, Hilliard has a very boring presence, and as a former band singer, she performs two songs of Berlin love songs in a frustratingly different way. Apart from that, the magic generated by Astaire and Rogers in their presidency makes this basic vision. DVD 2005 contains many good additions that start with a thirteen-minute feature, "Follow the Fleet: The Origins of Dance," about how Astaire and Rogers work together. There is also a soundtrack, "Melody Master: Jimmy Loonsford and Dance Orchestra," a cartoon with the theme "Let It Be Me" and the original track.
