Hundstage is an ugly and disturbing study of life in a particularly bleak suburb of Vienna. Comes from the former documentary director Ulrich Siedl, who adopts a similar approach to the documentary. However, the film deviates from ordinary species and presents us with characters that can be described as "extreme"? Some are very lonely; some are very violent. Some very strange. Some are very twisted. Some very frustrated and misunderstood; etc. and so on. The film combines several episodes close to the plot that intersect from time to time, each followed by two-day characters during the hard summer of Vienna. Very few viewers will move away from the movie sense of entertainment ?? The intention is to point out many wrong things with people, and many diseases that affect our society in general. It is a thought-provoking film and its conclusions are generally harmful. <br /> <br /> An old widower imagines the elderly cleaning lady and wants her to define him while wearing the clothes of his deceased wife. . A nightclub dancer competes with her jealous and violent behavior always from her boyfriend and rider. The sad couple can no longer have their dead daughter communicate with each other and seek solace by having sex with other people. An abusive man abuses women but repeatedly forgives him. The security vendor is desperately trying to find the culprit behind some vandalism at the workplace, but ends up picking up an innocent scapegoat. A mentally ill woman continues to ride horses with strangers and humiliate them until they throw her out of the car! The lives of these different characters converge over several days during the hot summer heat. <br /> <br /> Despair in the film is obvious. Many scenes are characterized by long silences that are as silent and as effective as they may be. Then there are other scenes where the dialogue and the events on the screen are reeling. In particular, the scene in which the female roving security agent left to the mercy of a vengeful man - beaten, raped and insulted (luckily all of them off the screen) because of some subversion she did not do - stirs sour, almost angry taste. In another scene, a man has a lit candle fixed at the end and forced to sing the national anthem at gunpoint, all as part of his punishment for the misfortune of his wife. Although we may want to encourage the thugs to get a great look, we are at the same time terrified and are not concerned about the nature of his punishment. In fact, such blatant contradictions can serve as a summary of the entire film - each moment of light tone parallels the moment of cold. Every courage of hope is met with despair. For each person you love or feel sympathy for, there is another person who only encourages anger and hatred. We may want to move away from Hundstage, dismissing it as an exercise in misery, but it also points to some uncomfortable facts and therefore has to be praised.
