This film should be rated as one of the most disturbing and arresting films in years. It is one of the few films, perhaps the only film that actually gave me shivers: even Bassolini Salou, who is comparing this film, influenced him. I saw echoes in the film from filmmakers such as Pasolini, Fasbinder and others. I had to ask myself, what about the film that made me feel like I did? I think the answer is that I was watching a horror film, but it is a film that defies or even reflects the genre conventions. Usually, in a horror film, terrible things will happen, but on the fringes of civilized society: abandoned houses, abandoned hotels, castles, church squares, morgue, etc. The mechanism of defense, a principle of darkness and opacity works as a kind of projection space for the desires and fears of the viewer. So, from this perspective, Hundstage is not a horror film. It happens in a completely natural society and therefore does not participate in the history of the horror film. But what you see is the removal of some of the main themes of the type of horror, especially with regard to the body and violation, and stages of fear and torture that can be exposed to. What Sidel is doing is using the settings of a middle-class society every day as a stage in which a repetitive play of sexual aggression, loneliness, lack of intimacy and integrity is violated and violated: specifically the subjects you will find in terror, but the principle of light and transparency that is inevitable. The strength of Sidel's film lies in precisely this displacement. Hundstage deals with these things as a function of everyday life, presenting them in repetition, rather than being sites of the extreme and cleansing - a step you might encounter in this kind of horror. One of the important points of reference here is Rainer Werner Fassbender. Fassbinder also had a way of mixing the politician with the character in his films, a melodrama tactic that allowed him to deal seriously and even ethically with political issues such as racism, hegemony, desire, questions of property, sexual property, control, fascism, capitalism, Sidel's tactic in making the mechanisms of daily society the subject of his film makes him close to Vassbender; such a German ally, has a kind of political vision of the community feels it is his responsibility to put it in his films. During a seminar at the Gothenburg Film Festival this year, when he was a guest, he was asked why there were so many cases of women who had been abused and oppressed in Hundstag, but there were no cases of a woman fighting again and liberating herself. Sidel replied that some may see it as immoral to show violence against women, but he felt it was immoral to not show it. A good technical statement like no, I think. thank you.
