To make it short and do not spoil everything revolves around this film about Kip (Giovanni Ripse), a car thief, spoils a large shipment of stolen cars (50 in total). He is then threatened with death by the man who gave him the order. The goal now is to get 50 stolen cars in 3 days, with the help of Randall (Nicholas Cage), a retired booster and also the brother of Kip and two old friends of Randall. As you can see that this is the same age, "Big Brothers need to get rid of the problem of routines, and of course Randall is the best thief there has ever been ... Of course, like all other movies, there are also some setbacks and surprises that were not To imagine them never, but sometimes also predictable, so there is nothing fanciful about the story. <br /> <br /> You may now wonder why this number is approximately 51 times hot objects, where there is no Only 50 cars are beautiful, fast, cool and expensive to steal.Otherwise, the other hot element in this movie is Sway (Angie "It's not very convincing in its role as a car, but it's also very hot ... OK is not as hot as in beautiful, but hot as in a cold and sexy curse. A great endorsement of this role, perhaps because it is a kind of wild woman in real life too (do not believe me, read her autobiography) And for the very interesting part just see yourself, man, I just know she plays the kind of girl I love in this film, Too, a little alternative look, they even come with a tattoo. <br /> <br /> Well the only negative aspects I felt while watching this movie was, that there is not much work, there is a totally unrealistic scene, the story is just fine and there are not a lot of jokes. Hey but after seeing the whole movie I have to say: who cares. Why should I say that, because it was still amusing; it had two cool car chases. Good music; some Bruckheimer scenes (where a mix of music and cast lines make your eyes wet); good actors who all have their jobs; beautiful cars one wonderful lady, wild, sexy (yes, I mean Mrs. Jolie) and last but not least the very nice and cool tools to promote Cars with. So some negatives here but still a good and entertaining movie. All in all The best way to describe this movie is that it's OK movie in general with gorgeous ?? Good end. <br /> <br /> As for Nicholas Cage, okay? He's actually one of my favorite actors in this kind of film nowadays with good films like The Rock, Con Air, Face / Off, Snake Eyes and finally this one. In addition to any actor who has had a lot of work / excitement in recent years and those successful? Well no one !!! Maybe Jackie Chan, but it's one of my favorites as well. One thing is true though Mr. Kiddie Brookheimer films are that they get worse. The rock, it was clear 9, the air was a nice 8 kun and that's good and this is clearly 7. Not that this is a bad sign. Does not his film show that his films under Brockheimer are getting worse and that Cage may have to think a little longer before he takes a role in a film, and perhaps he should produce less films? No, this does not show us that, because almost all Cage movies have been successful in the past few years, except for 8mm and Outing Out the Dead. 8mm was not great, I admit it, but that was not a Cage mistake and the story was good for me. About the last film I can not say anything, why I have not seen it yet. One thing though I know for sure, if Brockheimer asked me these three films, I'd say yes to them all. I would say yes to The Rock, because the story was great and you will play with Sean Connery and Ed Harris. I would say yes to Con Air, because there will be a lot of action, because the story was good and you have to act with John Malkovich and Vings Rimes. In this game, I would have played starring because I would get a big paycheck, and I was able to ride some wonderful and fast cars and because I was going to be able to kiss Angelina Jolie (I can not wait to see her in that Lara Croft outfit). This option was a good choice for Mr. Cage and was definitely worth a look at it in the theater. <br /> <br /> 7 out of 10
