This clever episode of TWILIGHT ZONE was more comic than strange or tragic. The Keaton Porter is Woodrow Mulligan, a guard from 1890 in America, who works in the laboratory. He constantly follows the problems of life around him: the meat is expensive (like $ 1.00 / lb. unheard of!). He always screams after the crazy drivers (on bikes - cars have not yet shown). Hold on to the end, and see a helmet like a device by a scientist, put it on and try it. Suddenly it is in modern America. The beginning was a silent film of seven minutes. Now all this is hype, all talk, every wheezing, every bloating. Keaton is here only a few minutes when he realizes that the world has changed and not for the better. Stanley Adams, a professor of Rollo, who realizes that Mulligan is from J. 1890 (mentions President Cleveland). Rollo has long wanted to live in this quiet, magical age. It helps Mulligan repair the helmet and roll back in time. Rollo feels bored after a moment, because of the lack of scientific equipment he can use. Mulligan puts the helmet on him and sends him to the future. But now Woodrow is quite satisfied with the simple, quiet age in which he lives. I found satisfaction. <br /> <br /> In the past 15 years, Buster Keaton has been on television many times (Allan Funt on CANDID CAMERA several times, where he can help create blindness tricks for the public). He also made some films (most notably "Funny Something Happened on the Road to Forum and Airport)". But it has sometimes emerged in television dramas and episodes. He is in his element here and is supposed to give advice to the director (the old comedian Norman McLeod - Marx Brothers in HORSE FEATHERS) about the tricks he can do. Watch how Stanley Adams makes Adams pick him up when he takes off his pants. As for the timing, it mentions one of the gags he made in the twenties in films such as JR SHERLOCK. The ketone episode is well-developed for a man in his 60s. <br /> <br /> The appearances of Jesse White (here as a reformer, of all things) are always welcome. But see a little to "Professor Rolo". Stanley Adams was a well-known figure in films and television from the 1950s and onwards to his tragic suicide in 1977. His most famous drama role was his wrestling role in the requiem version of the film. Heavyweight (Anthony Quinn wants to be a wrestler wearing an Indian costume). His most famous television appearance was the Space Trader who starred STAR TREK's STARhip Enterprise team with these tiny creatures, "Tribbles" (as in "The Trouble With"). Adams was always worth watching (like Jesse White, certainly like Keaton), where he reinforced most of the productions he showed up in. I never understood his suicide, but it was a sad end for top performers.
