Cosimo (Louis Guzman) ends up in jail for stealing a car and there he gives a plan for a perfect robbery from someone who has been sentenced to prison; so he has to get out of jail quickly. Tells his girlfriend Rosalind (Patricia Clarkson) to find a man who will spend his time in jail for some money. But no one wants to do the time for Kuzimo's crime, yet everyone seems to know the guy who will do it. The bad boxer soon discovered Peru Mahlovic (Sam Rockwell) details of this so-called "ideal job". <br /> <br /> First of all, I think this movie was very fun and in my opinion I recommend this to everyone. This film is a remake of the Italian comedy "I Soliti Ignoti". I did not see the original Italian version so I can not judge or compare these two films. But "Welcome to Collinwood" is a wonderful comedy for itself, with four people trying to steal money from a cellar in one house. Everyone gave their role in the brilliance of this film. A truly excellent film for these actors: Sam Rockwell, William H. Messi (great), Isaiah Washington, Michael Jeter (great), Louis Guzman, Patricia Clarkson, Jennifer Esposito and finally George Clooney gave their share in this project. <br /> <br /> Maybe suppose this movie is just comedy, not fair. This is more. Because of one difference. All the thieves in this film have very small desires when they ask: What will they do with their money? Is mostly securing their future in a very modest way. This fact goes beyond comedy in the spirit of these criminals. Not only are they but also a policeman Babic, who is introduced as corrupt; even the directors Russo shows us the fact that criminals and a policeman are the same. In fact all in Collinwood; not just in Collinwood, makes all people chase money, in a legal or illegal way. I do not like all the movies the audience liked and the ultimate cheers of thieves. However, this is an exception. You have to love them all. Riley with his little girl and his wife in prison. Tutu with his pants. Cosimo with his line: "Your mother is a whore!" And all others. They are just like the characters in the favorite comedy, Alan Ford. They are all trying to make some money, but they are simply lucky. But they did one good job: They gave money to Riley, so he could get his wife out of jail. They are all heroes in my eyes, because so many honest people will not.
