After watching the film for the first time in 14 years, I remember it amazed me to hear the word "govno" (sh * t) for the first time ever on Soviet television at that time (I bet it was really * * the first time in history ?? This to trivia section? :) ... What an audacity and open freedom, I thought! Over the years, I was more and more impressed with the film and the amazing acting, but my feelings turned into a kind of mixture of pleasure from a real piece of film and a bitter realization of a completely contradictory concept with my 14-year-old. Impression: Impotence. There is an inevitable atmosphere of disaster looming in the film, from the primitive slope of the slope (embodied by Sharikov), which engulfs the lives of the finest minds that advance humanity in their regions ... It is a great metaphor for the Russian Revolution in general, inspired by the intellectuals and their hope "Upgrade" the lower classes, only to unleash the power of mediocrity and swallowing it out ... A wonderful and highly talented piece, wrapped in a truly sad idea in a satirical and elegantly elegant form. Symbolically, the film itself was the end of the era of Soviet cinema traditions before being hit by the Hollywood tsunami? For good, it seems, according to most current Russian films (mostly dubbed "Favorite Films" in experimental films!) Trailers and posters :). <br /> <br /> It is interesting that the episode "govno" is not in any contradiction to the comment of Efenstor above the rude language of the current generation ... From what I have already said, this may seem to be the film that showed the way to this, But it was not. The word is light by current standards, it was very rude at the time, just shameless enough to show the true nature of all Sharikovs ... BTW, Efenstor Lament, it is very naïve to think of being an intellectual and use a rude dictionary, especially for Russian speakers , Where the verbal word can have meanings that take sentences in translation! But I share my regret that every meaning in the adolescent's talk today may be expressed in sinister words. I feel that this is the biggest problem of their choice of the most effective means of the task :) Well, this film and book are great food for thinking that might change it, or anyone who might boast of watching it.
