This film (and yes, it's a film - filmed as part of two parts, but the two together reach just over two hours) is one of the world's most unknown masterpieces. The film is a good condemnation, and at the same time a brutal condemnation of the Soviet regime and the type of person who flourished under it, the film is a faithful adaptation of a book long called by Mikhail Bulgakov. The ensemble is impeccable, and the director made a great decision to shoot in monochromatic dark brown, adding a sense of originality to the embodiment of color in the late 1980s. I will not say much about the plot that the viewer deserves to discover, but the performances are real Oscar material; a special mention to E. Evstigneev, who plays the role of the old professor with such presence, gravity and gentle wisdom, hardly a word or gesture, Found in it. And the second, of course, the creature / Sharikov, who played in a terrifying way by V. Tolokonnikov, is a much more frightening figure than Hannibal Lecter, because it is not only in real life - the entire countries were run by men like him throughout history, What follows. <br /> <br /> While it is a political and social symbolism, it should be noted that the film is also full of humor, albeit dark - there are many candid comedy that did not make me laugh like this movie. What's more, when you laugh at this movie, it is not just a sense of joy, it is an understanding and agreement, which is always an added advantage. <br /> <br /> I have almost no complaints about this film - only the slight flaw is the tone of the intellectual / bourgeois hijacking that sometimes caught him from "enlightened" characters. But this is a simple representation. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, this movie seems to have been bypassed by Western licensing companies. It is shameful to remain one of the best films in the world suffering from unrest and not translated (which should not be incredibly difficult - although all cultural references and revolutionary terms will inevitably fade in translation, the film's main themes should be) Accessible to all). While we wait with our fingers crossed for the Criterion edition, I am thinking of creating English translations myself. We will see how it works.
