Well, after reading some reviews on Atlantis: The Lost Empire, I just want to clarify some of the misunderstanding as it is a direct rip from Nadia: Secret of Blue Water. The only part that was ripped off from Nadia is that the necklace of Nadia and the necklace of Atlantis carry a lot of similarities in terms of how they are used, origin and how it was created from the source of life so no doubt that it is copied. If you want to think about how to wear both Kida and Nadia clothes, you can put it against Disney too (it was odd that Nadia and Kida wore bikinis in science fiction style, not to mention that they were moving in a very similar style). As an anime fan, I must agree that there is some degree of copying, but only the details are simple, and although many of the ideas are not original (such as the encryption design on the wall in Labota, the old mask of Princess Mononoke, the similarities of vehicles to Garfish submarine In Nadia, etc.) ... The plot itself I think is very original and it is very surprising that Disney can pull it off without using Captain Nemo (the main character in Jules Verne Jules patrols under the sea 20k which is also the main character at Nadia). As for Milo and Jean, who wear similar glasses ... As in "The Master of Flies", glasses are a symbol of wisdom and intelligence. I think Milo, Jean, the main character of Stargate and dozens of other "smart" characters will seem inappropriate for the role if they go without glasses. For submarines, how submarines fight (with those wide torpedoes that really resemble what Nautilius does), I want to state that it is a required element for either of them if Atlantis is involved in the plot (after all, it is a city submerged under water). As for the crew who has some similarities in personality with the crew of Nautilius in Nadia, it may be the artwork but I do not feel any copyright infringement because personality figures were completely original to me. As an Anime fan he rated Nadia as the best anime I have seen so far today. I had my doubts about Atlantis when I first saw the preview. But after watching the film, I once again regained my confidence with Disney and have high hopes in their future films after Atlantis. In general, the best Disney movie so far without jerk trembling from the sound of their songs in the middle of the film in addition to that they have reviewed their cuneiform texts to make them better. Also, it is amazing that the bad guys are actually portrayed as natural without being excessively bad at first (I wonder who are the bad guys and only a blonde girl looks like a bad figure in terms of how Disney looks like it too and also knows that the bad guys seem to be already threatened)
