After watching two of his silent portraits, "Elena and her Men (1956)" is the first feature film about the French director Jean Renoir, and I enjoyed it. However, I have not seen the film Renoir, but for star Ingrid Bergman, who? At the age of 41? Still radiates unsurpassed beauty, elegance and charm. Throughout the early 1950s, after her scandalous marriage of Italian Roberto Rosellini, Bergman temporarily fell out of public utility. Her next five films, released by her husband, did not work in the United States, and I think the latest version of Renoir did little to enhance Bergman's popularity with the English-speaking masses. {However, she restored her previous success with Oscar in his own year, Anastasia (1956) }. She plays the role of Elena Sokurovska, a Polish princess who sees herself as an angel of sorts, bringing success and recognition to promising men everywhere, before giving them up immediately. While her lucky charm to help the political ambitions of grand general François Roland (Jean-Marie) finds herself in love she will not be able to get away from. This mysterious political film works well either as a satire or a romantic comedy, as long as you do not take it seriously; it is purely romantic fluff. <br /> <br /> Elena and her men were filmed in an artistic style that is vibrant, and also looks great, a collection of bright colors, characters and costumes. Polish Princess Berghman is dreamy and self-absorbed to some extent, not in an undesirable way, but hardly a woman of high principles and convictions. She was persuaded by a team of government conspirators to persuade General Roland to carry out a coup, exploiting his love for her to satisfy her own delusion as guardian angel. The only virtuous character in the film is Henry de Shevencourt (Mel Ferrer, Audrey Hepburn's husband at the time), who ignores selfish selfish drives for everyone else and searches for Elena in search of love and love alone. This, as Renoir points out proudly, is the best thing the real French do. Elena and her men are also trying, with moderate success, to reveal the superficiality of upper-class French relations through the obsessive phishing of Jacques Jouanneau, who can not love his mistress without his fiancé. on them. For these sequences, it was clear that Renoir was trying to get some kind of crazy humor that you might find in the movie "Brothers Brothers", but the film itself is so comfortable and comfortable that energy does not exist.
