Since watching the third or fourth time in some time, I have abstained from voting on La Maman et la putain while waiting for a DVD. Meanwhile, I read the French scenario as well as the study of Philippe Jean-Ostach. The final film ends with a frustrating film, eleven films, fiction, document, and between them, impossible to see, or in the cases of Mes petites amoureuses and Le Père Noël ..., review. /> Some of the questions that struck me this moment: French Polish Véronika are many colloquial (un max d '"un max d'"). However, does it have a tone? I think I can say they do. What adds to the absence of color, especially in one spot, hinting at the margin of the city? How does this marginalism differ from sleep and the journey that separates the world of storm from winter? As previously. We may imagine that the years since that have been done, but does Eustach say that the film's environment is being dismantled? Is this a charming island? Is Alexander a fairy tale? Alexander is always designing himself, worrying about how to stand or walk, what to say when, and making those decisions to those who should care less about him than he does. Or is this his way of trying to design others to do it for himself? How different is it from Scotty Vertigo? (I say, I think, too). What is the difference, and is there a difference, between Laud Ostach, Tropot, and Goffard? How does Léaud differ from current? Is he still doing that, however, in modern roles, Irma Vibe, if Bougrave, whatever, is approaching old age? As soon as I arrived early for one of them in a series of Truffaut movies written by Antoine Doinel (Léaud character). For a long time, every three or five minutes, a man of twenty will come down the aisle wearing a colorful scarf and a hair of Léaud with nose directed towards the direction. I have no idea whether this is a conscious tradition or not. I was at that age, but I have no idea what I thought of myself. No scarf, at least. I have a brother, who seems to have learned to have moved him from Bresson.
