First, I really enjoyed this film and its message, which revolves around the audacity to live perfectly. Very lattice, with intimate sights, funny and sad, and very lively, it was a pleasure to watch. Here are some of my "exceptions": The movie was too long and at one point continued to add more and more additional conflicts so that it began to lose its main story line. I do not agree with another comment that it is unrealistic to have so many people suffering from "strange" problems in this small village. I think this was quite realistic! There is an incredible drama happening everywhere, and we do not know this about the people we meet only superficially. I did not like the end, which was full of symbolism and very compulsory. He left a bad taste because he was very much. I did not like that many of the big issues were mentioned dramatically in the group (when others accused others of important things, people would be "too shy" to express everything personally to everyone, even if these people are one group working closely With). F: Self-defense is a stronger instinct for humans. So why should Daniel let himself be beaten and never fight, not even defend himself? I mean, he was not weak. At least he tried to defend himself when he attacked, but it drove me crazy to see him do nothing. It was as if the narrator tried to forcefully bring a message like "Violence is not necessary," but the way he chose to do it was not good. I am also against violence but the personality loses its credibility when it remains unaffected despite all the attacks. Gabriella ... Why on earth a woman, she spent years with a man who hits her, goes to this man when he is arrested and says, "I do not wish you any harm. Oh really, this is a lot spoiled! Will she be a saint or what? It would be natural for her to be bitter but not nearly "sacrosanct" and therefore not human. Was her work with Daniel and the music so wonderful that she made her forget everything that happened to her? I beg you. So, these moments were spoiled. Still, I still think this is a delightful movie in all, it's amazing enough, given my discomfort with some things. See these !! ;-) "
