The famous international leader Daniel Darius (Michael Nikvist) was hit by a heart attack due to his busy and tense career and cutting off his successful career with an early retirement. He decides to return to his native northern Sweden where his mother left when he was a seven-year-old sensitive child being bullied by Kony and his classmates to live a low-life life. He buys an old school and is invited to participate in the choir of the church by the local shepherd Steig (Nicklas Volk), but Daniel hesitates and shyly rejects the principle. However, he is part of the community and feels attracted to Lena (Freda Halgren), a local woman who has a past with a local doctor. His music opens the hearts of the choir members and affects their daily lives: Tore has a chance to participate in the choir; Inger (Angela Olson), Stig's wife, releases her pent-up sex; Gabriella (Helen Segolholm) takes a stand against her abusive and violent husband. Gossip and frustration Sword (Elva Love) opens her heart against Lena; Mikael Rahm weeps fat enough against the jokes of businessman Arne (Lennart Yahkel); until Daniel begins loving people and Lena as a lover of his life. When invited to participate in an important competition in Vienna, Daniel finds that his music opens the heart of people to fulfill his dream. <br /> <br /> "Så Som I Himmelen" is a moving and sensitive film, with a very impressive story about how director Kay Pollack and screenwriter managed to develop a large number of characters in 132 minutes of operation. The performances are top notch, backed by a great musical score and at least two adorable episodes: When Gabriel sings her song at the concert, and certainly the last concert in Vienna with the audience, the jury and everyone involved in the melody, Daniel makes his dream come true. As in the "Teorema", the strange changes the life, not only of a family, but of a conservative society. Moreover, like many European films, open conclusion indicates that Daniel already died, at least in my interpretation, of reaching peace with the success of his music. My eyes became wet in these two scenes. My voice is nine. <br /> <br /> Title (Brazil): "A Vida no Paraíso" ("The Life In the Paradise")
