In 2004, Kay Pollack has the warmest heart of Så som i Himmelen. As in Heaven, every stereotypical image of Swedish humanism has so far been a thrilling crowd. It contains a lot of ammunition for cynical critics, the discovery of saccharine continuity and scandalous errors, yet managed to portray the colors of life in a dramatically small society. The film also runs a series of homosexuality about "finding an individual's voice" and "doing so despite a person's fear", without removing the entire block from the throat of the crooks. <br /> <br /> His success as a cheerful crowd comes from two facts. First, small films about strangers who bring new life to rural Christian communities offer plenty of room for hypocrisy while allowing repressed characters to get out of their hair. In the same year, with a similar Swedish breeze, the Queen of Sheba, Queen of Sheba, also came to mind. Second, any film about small communities that deal with the whole world will achieve human development in our individual / self-centered world. The structural similarity of this film with the likes of The Full Monty, Brassed Off, Calendar Girls and On a Clear Day shows his city as the formula. But it is a formula in which life has been left, and that seems to be because people need positive messages that raise a sense of society despite themselves. <br /> <br /> The strange burning Maestro Daniel Darius is looking for rediscovering himself. The city he visits, or rather visits, is, without the inhabitants' knowledge, the place of his childhood. He was ruthlessly intimidated by his colleagues here, supposedly he was a sensitive musician without ambition to drive a truck. Here, he takes charge of the cantor / chosen, despite the usual doubts of artists and foreigners. Of course, the place houses a wide range of known species whose arches can be predicted: a girl with a beating heart and gentle hair that almost glow; a local businessman ringing a mobile phone. The woman who loses her beauty amid domestic abuse; the steel priest and his less rude wife, who at first seem right from Ingmar Bergman. The elderly person who has suppressed the wishes of each other since kindergarten (choice); the obese person whose task is to indicate that we must Do not laugh and say "greasy" (check); however a mentally handicapped boy proves his ability to sing well "A" (check). <br /> <br /> Pollack's movie is not all the mysterious words. It shifts from the genre "Let's show despite the setbacks and moral opposition." It contains violence and the end may be a metaphor for death after the achievement of Nirvana creative. The violence of the film is often a function of the male's anger and repression, but often never deepens in the reason why the hardened school that grows up to become shy is such a wife. Similarly, the small town of Pasteur is closely adhering to the stereotypical morality of ultra-Protestant black clothes, to the extent that his secret surprise in girls' magazines is not surprising. His repression and hypocrisy are there, crumbling with nothing to do with psychological reality. Perhaps the unexplained image of a young boy is stuck, perhaps the lost son, who once shone on his shoulder, was a secret. <br /> <br /> Perhaps these holes are editorial functions, such as many inconsistencies and imperfections in continuity that can be spotted, such as the emergence of an unjustifiable Siv in chorus (twice) after moral upheavals. In fact, none of the barriers in the film last too long and all seem to have been resolved within the scene. Apart from some strange love scenes, the film seldom pulls 127 minutes, but there is a feeling that things may have been left on the floor of the cutting room. <br /> <br /> The movie is still fixed with three star holes where it can be captured. This is simply because in a world of technology-focused clicks and physical self-realization, any glimpse of human society is, deep down, welcome to anyone, even cynical.
