This BBC series - a very small television based on the mysterious disappearance of a young mother, but this series is really a study of the various characters in the story, which last for five hours. It is therefore a musical piece, where a wide range of wonderful British actors and actresses can show their talents. The real characters that are filmed are really "the kind of people who do not usually meet," and the people are so confused and unimaginable that they can not be admired. For example, the main character is the young couple (the person whose wife disappears) and has no function and no obvious interest in finding any of them. He lives outside the releases of his parents. He was once in the army, but did not seem to have the slightest twinkle for any ambition or any interests in life apart from going into his small family. David Oilloo, who is very clever in the part, plays as a sympathetic person, although his only five-hour activities are love and sadness, which he does so wonderfully that one wants to comfort him, as he is obviously a nice man. No doubt Penelope Wilton is the outstanding performance of the whole series, which works in circles around everyone in the story. It's simply incredible. It depicts a woman who is not very sympathetic; she is the only person in the story that is familiar to all. She is an irrational and hysterical woman, self-centered, dense, curious, blind, blind, and old. Unfortunately, we know them well. Wilton is one of the best actresses in Britain (see my review of her "Things Half Broken"). It takes a personality that can be two-dimensional and make it a dimension of four dimensions. She is superbly supported by old supporter Patrick Malahide, who plays her angry husband, and the pair have already set a high level for all young players. Janet McIntyre, the staggering actress when she was younger, became the least sympathetic to her character now that she was older, somehow huddled, once placed, but redefined in the later stages of the story by showing her brilliance as an actress Be when you have a chance by pulling out one of the most drunken and drunkest drunk scenes I've ever seen in a movie. The big surprise is Sarah Sarah, who played more depth and originality by actress Sarah Smart. It takes a character that can be unbearably boring, and by magic representation transforms it into a mysterious and intriguing person, and we ask him tirelessly for the entire five hours. It's so good that we ended up asking Sarah Smart honestly. I think that's what happens when you do your job correctly, that people wonder where the character ends and the actress starts, if she knows herself, that is, and many do not. She has some very nerve-wracking tricks that tell us that they are not connected, but we are not sure why and why, although we finally learned that she had a very violent childhood and a shock. Her mastery of mysterious facial expressions is unusual. Rory Kenner is surprisingly convincing as a seemingly hopeless colleague and lives with his mother and does not reach much, but he seems to have hidden depths. (I assume most people have hidden depths, but do we want to pierce them, that's the question.) His mother played a really good role by Margot Lister. Lucinda Dryzek offers a wonderful performance. She plays the role of an affectionate teenage girl of the kind we all fear to meet, but at critical moments she collapses in helpless tears and turns out to be pathetic, with all her arrogance. Three other children are very good, friend of Lucinda, her half-brother and her sister sister. The younger siblings may actually be very bleak as a character in the story (they seem unable to say anything particularly obvious, as they are hopeless witnesses to the disappearance), with little to recommend but their beautiful nature, but that's what I've had a wonderful Massey effect as a boy And Tyler Anthony as a girl. Harriet Walter plays a small role, but we do not see many of them, and this is a shame, she is so wonderful that she is lost here. One can go on, but you must draw a line somewhere. This series has been wonderfully fascinating because of the depth of the filming of all those people who are not interested in the basics trapped in a network of intense anxiety and suspense.
