The final program of the Second World War, "War in the World", is not only long but very useful. The series contains 26 episodes (each episode lasts about 45 minutes), including pre-war and post-war events. Most episodes revolve around the war in Europe, and there are several episodes about the Pacific War. Other episodes include information on wars in Africa, Burma, the Atlantic Ocean and the main fronts of Germany, Great Britain, the United States and the Soviet Union. There is one ring dedicated to the Holocaust. The series begins with the episode "New Germany" (1933-1939), which tells of the rise of the Nazis in Germany and the German regional gains before the outbreak of war. The series ends with a ring reminiscent of the impact of war in a post-war world. Remember a suitable episode to finish this wonderful program. Each episode starts with a short introduction and then opens credits. The credits are accompanied by a strong music theme. There are many appropriate musical tracks during the series. Each episode resembles a small movie. The shots are fantastic, as is the way they put them together. In addition, some footage in color. The information that is included makes the episodes memorable and entertaining. <br /> <br /> The series was produced by Jeremy Essex for Times TV (UK). Commissioned in 1969, it took four years to produce, and this was the depth of her research. "It was narrated by Laurence Olivier (one of the most respected and respected actors of the 20th century). The series conducted interviews with prominent members of Allied and Axis campaigns, including eyewitness accounts of civilians, soldiers, officers and politicians, including Albert Speer, Carl Donitz, Jimmy Stewart, Bill Mouldin, Curtis Leigh, Lord Mount Patten, George Hess, Toshikazu Kase, Arthur Harris, Charles Sweeney, Paul Tibbets, Traudel Jung and historian Stephen Ambrose. In his book "Making the World in War," Jeremy Isaac says he sought interviews, not necessarily the big names remaining, but his aides and aides. The most difficult subject of locating and persuading him to conduct interviews, according to Isaac, was the assistant of Heinrich Himmler, Karl Wolf. The latter admitted to seeing the large-scale execution in the presence of Himmler. <br /> <br /> World War II is often regarded as a definitive TV history for World War II. Some consider it the best example of the documentary model. On the list of the top 100 British television programs prepared by the British Film Institute in 2000, voted for by industry professionals, the world ranked in 19th place. The program contains everything the viewer needs to know about the war. After watching some episodes, I was so impressed by the serial that I tried to watch the remaining episodes one by one. I have seen them several times. There are two other great documentary series I know, and the viewer may be interested. One is called the Great War (1964) which revolves around the First World War. The other is called the Cold War (1998), which revolves around the Cold War.
