The music and the melancholy rendition of Laurence Oliver were perfectly captured for this wonderful documentary. This is still a must for World War II enthusiasts, the descendants of those involved in this conflict, and politicians who think that things are always going on in their foreign policy across the surface of an aircraft carrier (have you heard that George Bush?) And anyone else curious or Need to know who are the causes of some aspects of this conflict. The approximately 26 episodes are arranged in chronological order but can be seen out of sequence because they are somewhat self contained. There must be a new vision for the new exhibitor because of the sheer size of the offer. The actual footage intersects the battles with interviews with the participants in the stories. Many interviews are conducted with second-line authorities, ie support personnel for key characters, soldiers, captains, secretaries, eyewitnesses and the like. You can taste a real taste of what the war is about. <br /> <br /> I am currently watching a DVD version of the original documentary. I strongly recommend this for the vaunted and overpriced VHS offers available on eBay. I paid $ 120 for five-sided DVDs. This new release includes additional materials and is in full-screen mode. The menus are easy to follow, first there is an option for the loop you want to view, and then after selecting the different chapters in the loop or running the entire loop. It is understandable with this comprehensive presentation that there is very little mobility on the list, but the impact will not diminish after 30 years, 60 years after the end of the war. <br /> <br /> I remember watching the first broadcast on Buffalo PBS before moving from London in 1975 and I wish from that time that I could get a copy. My wish has now become a reality. <br /> <br /> Watch this documentary. Tell your friends. Buy a copy of your library. Remember and honor the sacrifices and challenges that have overcome those of America, Russia, Britain, Canada and all other nations and peoples participating in the final victory. Eye opener.
