This interesting feature contains a very good storyline, and fairly colorful characters at a very steady pace. It also includes a conspiracy apparatus from "Rip the Wild Wind", and since Cecil B. Dale and his son-in-law, Anthony Quinn, took this film out of his preparations, which can not be encountered. He was working in both cases, I must inform. The unusual setting tells the story that Parataria, an island ruled by Jean Lafitte, is based on piracy, but during the 1812 war, before that, he always refrained from disturbing US ships. Now General Andrew Jackson has been charged with defending New Orleans with only 12,000 men versus 60,000 British Imperial coats and 60 ships. Lafitte's men want him to stand by the stronger force. He wants freedom and amnesty for his men before giving up such a strategic landing point for US forces. There are other factors in the action in the story line; the pirates want Bonnie Brown and her father to attack American ships and do so in defiance of Lavette's orders, leaving a child alive without knowing they have lost an eyewitness. When his testimony is finally released, Jackson can not give him what Lafitte asks; but in the fog, Lafayette supports him, defeats the British pirates and Jackson as he sails away to whatever fate awaits a man who had a genius and a statesman but not a fortune. The crew in this colorful and physical film is already skilled. As a girl he loves, Charles Bauer has many good lines as his adviser, Lauren Greene as his strong rival, for example Governor Marshall, and Claire Bloom as an attractive figure like Bonnie Brown. Other actors in the film include Ted de Corsia, Douglas Dombrell, George Matthews and Henry Hall as an adviser to Jackson, Bruce Gordon, Onselo Stevens, Robert Simon, Henry Brandon, Fran Jeffrey and Leslie Bradley. Elmer Bernstein's music is very memorable, and there is little scenario in 1938. The brilliant cinematography was the work of veteran Loyal Griggs, and the decorations were presented by Albert Nuzaki, Hal Pereira and Walter Tyler, with a decoration by Sam Kummer and Roy Moyer and a fashion for Edith Head, John Jensen and Ralph Geister. Nelly Manley wrote Wali Westmore's makeup with hard makeup. The film contains a great deal of good dialogue on the level of adventure and a very strong battle scene. Charlton Heston, like Andrew Jackson, is ready to play the role of the older general and later discovered that the man was young at the time of battle; but he is often effective, grayish or not, especially in his exchanges with Henry Hull as Mr. Bevey. This is a sexy and well-established entertainment, it looks exactly as if C.B. DeMille has completed its production; it's almost a pretty moving picture.
