If my expectations are not exceeded, they have certainly been met. "Nancy Drew" works as a gas and comedy. He praises the books that were on them and falsifies them at the same time. The film starts up close to the bookshelf and a moving credit sequence resembling illustrations from books. He then begins dropping books immediately. It seems that writer / filmmaker Andrew Fleming understands that the idea of ​​a teenage girl breaking down crime gangs in a small town is ridiculous, so he does not deal with the idea religiously. He harnesses Nancy Drew's ability to do anything, like ace in every classroom in the school, and knows which bakeries are perfect to turn any foe into her side, make a bird house with twelve flight pillars, and even perform an emergency tracheal removal ceremony. Nancy has always been in excellent shape, if she lived in the 1950s healthy instead of the current day L.A. It carries around a complete "toolkit" with fingerprints, dust, lamp, compass and magnifying glass. Of course, obviously I remember the arrival of Hardy Boys at any moment to the CSI equipment being very convenient as well. If the high-resolution flip-eye is slightly smaller than its literary counterpart, it would be a more comedic exaggeration than that of the film. <br /> <br /> The mystery of the film is dealt with more seriously. Nancy and her father are moving from their small town to Los Angeles, where Nancy is digging in a cold case involving the murder of a Hollywood movie star who has been living in her new home for decades. Nancy is looking for evidence in some practical ways, such as browsing websites like Google and this one and watching old videos of victim movies. When you do something more than usual, you have to admire the girl's trick. Emma Roberts, a nice girl without a doubt, plays the role of a half-liter amateur. She makes the ideal girl completely loved, if not completely realistic. Tate Donovan is as wonderful as the very ideal girl's father, Carson Drew. He is a perfect father figure without being unrealistically idealistic, showing reasonable interest in his daughter as she is at risk. The least he likes is Max Thierot, about Ned Nickerson, Nancy's friend. I preferred to portray George O'Hanlon Jr. in the 1970s television series Pamela Sue Martin as Nancy Drew, where Ned was an awkward little boy with a small crush on Nancy. Twelve-year-old Corky (Josh Flitty), who has a crush on Nancy, is less upset than Max Thierot's Ned. Amy Brockner and Kay Panapaker appear to be appropriately represented, like Nancy's colleagues to Bess and George, but they have only made short, symbolic pictures at the beginning of the film. <br /> <br /> A new twist on the inscription, Chris Catan (SNL), Eddie Jameson ("Ocean's 13") and Bruce Willis all show unexpected guest appearances, proving that you will never be able to guess the movie that Will Willis moves Coming. <br /> <br /> The film failed to live up to some potential. Early in the day, the new house of Druz is heavily besieged, but Nancy and her father have ended up stumbling over the traps a few minutes later. Also, Nancy describes the cold situation that is about to be investigated as a murder occurring at an expensive party, which should spawn a lot of potential killers, but she faces only a handful of suspects. Although there are some real moments of suspense during Nancy's adventures, the solution to the issue does not come from anywhere, and in the end all possible threads of conspiracies are linked very comfortably and cared for. Ralf Sal's score adds to the thrill of the film, but the small contemporary songs that the music plays are lame. However, I really enjoyed this film, and while the film primarily targets young girls, people of any age and gender can enjoy it.
