"La Maman et la putain" is the most beautiful film of all time. More important is the relationship between reality and the art of the film, inspired directly by the film Proust "A la Recherche du temps perdu". <br /> <br /> In fact, "La Maman et la putain" and "in search of lost time" seem to be telling the same story: the story of the failure of love, which repeats itself to infinity.The name of the first woman is always Gilberte, the second woman looks like a double-Gilberte twisted and deformed: Veronica resembles "Gilberte's Whore", as beautiful as the night, while Gilberte was pure, and "beautiful like today." After the failure of the first love, the second love begins, but this love Veronika takes the place of Gilberte, in the life of Alexandre's and in the film. She gradually overtakes her, Gilbert still comes first with the passage of time when Alexander Veronica is waiting, then This is the same sad story that repeats itself, the same "unsecured woman," as Alexander says, which appears endlessly - and unfaithful is for Frost the highest point in love, which makes it exist, which also confirms its illusions. <br /> <br /> Art is what causes the transition between what is outside - and they love - to what is inside it, and this is the truth, and learn this fact.For example, when Veronica observes the strange way that Alexander makes the bed, He replies that he saw her in a film, and then, that movie, "I made for it, to learn how to live, how to make a bed." Alexander wants to live as if in a movie, and wants to be his art. <br /> <br /> This concept of art comes from Proust, which Eustache shares with him in the same rejection of "political art" and realism in art. "La Maman et la putain" fights the concept of "principled political" art - see, for example, the satirical review of a political film by Alexander. "Art does not care about all these advertisements, and it exists only in silence," says Proust. First of all, art is meditation. That is why realism or naturalism is rejected: art needs to turn reality into reality. Proust writes: "I discover the illusion of realism, which is a lie." That's why "La Maman et la putain" does not disguise its manufacture, and emphasizes how actors say, "Their text:" The more artificial you look, the higher your health, "said Eustache. The film "La Maman et la putain" tells us the failure of the character to be what it really is: you can sense the tragedy that arises when you go further in the film , Who becomes more sad.You can see that in the face of Alexander, who seems more and more dead alive.You can see this through the fact that the scenes become longer, and after a while, nothing happens in At the end of the film, when you see Alexander write, Veronica asks if he writes his life, you can guess he does not, so that the literature fails.The end of the film shows the symbolic death of Alexander, who is crashing the weight of reality.In this small nurse's room, In the book "Forme et signification," Jean-Rosset explained that in Proust's, the readers of Balzac, who are Swann, And Charlus, are unable to any artistic creation, because they are stuck in fact, they make mistakes in art. They see reality in art and are "not aware of the necessarily existing transformations between the artist's life and work, and between reality and art." This is exactly Alexander. He claims for example that he "likes a woman for parallel reasons, because she played in Brisson for example." It's like Swan, who falls in love with Odette because she resembles a Botticelli woman. <br /> <br /> "Maybe life was not my profession." This thought is already by Eustach, who committed suicide, even if Alexander said it. However, there is a difference between Alexander and Eustache: if Alexander Eustache perfectly, Alexander looks like a couple without art, a terrible vision of the artist, whose fears crystallize. <br /> <br /> By dropping Veronika at the end of the film, Alexander is doomed to illusions. It is the death that reminds me of the last frames of the film, the face of Jean-Pierre Laud as well as the endless game of Veronica. Or perhaps it is already hell that describes the end, as in the "Huit-Clot" of Sarte, and is nothing like the final release of "Le Temps retrouvé". If Justash had read Proust, Alexander would not be able to finish the book, and he was always disturbed by life and Veronica when he tried to read it in his apartment or in the cafes. "La Maman et la Putain" is like the reverse multiplication of "The Search for Lost Times," which tells how Alexander did not become an artist, while La Recherche du temps perdu tells how Marcel became a genette. <br /> <br /> If the artist tells us, as Baudelaire says, "reality in the light of his dream," this is a nightmare Eustache tells us in La Maman et la putain.
