In what could have been considered a coup against the sexual "revolution" (in order to use quotations to this word), Jean Jostach wrote "Mother and Whore" and criticized him poeticly and reverently for those who could not seem to get enough love. If there is a message for this film - I hope the message will come only after the fact that what this feature can offer in the length of Ben Hur - in order to love, frankly, there must be some level of happiness, the real truth. Is it possible to have lovers? Some can try, but what is the result if nobody can really get what they really want, or feel they can even say what they want? <br /> <br /> What is the truth about the relations between Alexander (Jean-Pierre Leaud) and the women around him? He is a rational intellectual of no more than twenty things, not with any job that seems to live outside a woman, Mary (Bernadette Lafon) a little larger, and usually, if not always, his sweetheart, his last possible love for him left him life, He sees him in the street, Veronica (Francois LeBron), whom she may remember. Soon what unfolds is the silent love triangle that appears in the movies, where the tendons of the psyche are pulled with the harsher words and less gestures. At first, we think it may be about what happens to Alexander, but we are wrong. Women are so essential to the issue of love and sex that they have to be present, speak, and continue to sink. <br /> <br /> This part of the sexual revolution is told, in theory, if not entirely in practice (perhaps, I can not say that I was not alive in the period to see it directly), that freedom Led to the absence of contraindications. But Ostach's view, if not the whole message, is that it is practically impossible to do both: people can not love you and expect to get satisfaction with the final companionship of "f *** ing" And again. <br /> <br /> The strengths of a mother and a prostitute are to express this fear under mingling, the absence of monogamous marriage, and also stimulate thought in the latest speech I saw in a film. At the same time, we see a character like Alexander, who may like to hear himself talking about whether some of the films he has seen or anything bad of his past, Eustache makes it so that the film itself is not claiming - although it may seem - This is about the phenomenon, what lies behind those who hide their internal flaws, and what they need to use when they are alone in the morning. <br /> <br /> If you think movies like "Before sunrise / sunset" were attractive relationship clicks, you will not see this. But as Eustache reveals in the dialogues, these characters have, sometimes trivial, "deep", sexual, explicit, or sometimes very intense (or in a defeated way) emotional, they are never interesting or never boring. On the contrary, for those who can not get enough of a wonderful movie * good, it is exceptional. Although his style does not draw attention to the audacity that came with his initially mysterious pioneers more than a decade ago, the new Eustache touch with the characters, then resonates with them. <br /> <br /> This is a realism with an escalating attitude, with objects in a time of crushing and searing, raw and without shame in expression. All three actors are so glued to their personalities that we can not consider them as "deceiving" feelings or ever going to melodrama. They are very good in terms of natural / physical aspects, but for Eustache materials there is no other way to overcome them. Luckily Leaud offers a coveted trophy in his career during this period, both ladies and especially Labrun as a "whore" Veronika (an outrageously refuted claim at the height of the film of some sort in a single uninterrupted shot). As another touch, often, Singhs director in a quiet thought moment, the figure sits on its own, listening to the record, and in meditation or quiet torment. This may have been the greatest influence on Jim Jarmusch, who dedicated his film "Broken Flowers" to "Ostach" and has one particular scene that was completely lifted (and lovingly) in the approach of the late Parisian. <br /> <br /> Sadly before I see Broken Flowers, I've never heard of Eustache or this movie, and buying it has become a huge challenge (not available on DVD from the United States, and on a rare VHS it took several months from Tracing in different libraries). A minute was not wasted from that time; the mother and the prostitute are really nice work, one of the best dramas in French relationships, and perhaps even one of the most amazing works I have ever seen of the country. It's complicated, it's sweet, cool, soaking, very long, maybe too long. It is also satisfactory at the level I compare to the scenes of marriage; the real revelation of the humanitarian situation continues 35 years after the screening of each film.
