Unfortunately, Jean-Ostach (1938-1981) belongs to many of today's French filmmakers to the top unknowns whose films are hard to find and are not released on international DVDs. Since we have a good old-fashioned Tucson video store, I have had the opportunity to watch this wonderful 3 1/2 hour marathon, which is not boring for ten seconds. <br /> <br /> Since we are talking about one of the most controversial (and controversial) films of all time, let me tell you that the endless dialogues that were originally typical of the early "Nouvelle Vague" Jack Rivette or Alain Resnais, looks almost ridiculous in this film. The dialogues are essentially a debate, most notably the dialogues that Jean-Pierre Laud talks about. The most distinctive feature is that the intersections of two speeches are almost zero. Léaud, or his character, Alexander, is pleased to tell us more about what he seems to be talking about. So, one can hardly talk about communicating in this film. It is very likely that the director will have a huge satire in mind against idle in the political and social ideas that have been heatedly discussed, but the type of man Alexander exists at all times, we find him already in "Satiricon" for Petron-like work in fact very similar to " . <br /> <br /> Alexander is not limited to anything, but he has developed a kind of metaphysics about the absence of representation, at least acting in the sense of responsibility towards the society to which he is a part. Makes fun of the people who run to work at seven in the morning when he is busy eating his last drink before sleeping in the apartment of one of his friends who lives off her money. He is unable to speak in one sentence without mentioning one of the prominent thinkers between Nietzsche and Bernanus. Sartre, who quickly appears in the French coffee shop "Aux Deux Magots", where Alexander sits throughout the day, must serve as an excuse for the lifestyle of Alexander and his colleagues, because they suffer from existential crisis due to bourgeois nausea. However, Alexander's intellectual discourse seems somewhat intellectual, and the sentences and quotations he cites seem to come from the dictionary of quotations rather than the actual reading of the books in question. <br /> <br /> True: This film requires very broad European knowledge, especially the taste of French existentialism and there are consequences for the movement of the 68th student revolution, but if you have this knowledge, you will enjoy more than 215 minutes of your life by staring at TV and screaming with laughter like you probably have not done it for a long time.
