Jake Speed ​​is a movie lacking one thing ?? Charismatic lead. Unfortunately, this really spoils the entire film and is a shame because it is in essence a fun action film that contains a sufficiently witty text and an interesting hypothesis, albeit derived. Although the origin of Genesis is likely to be a success of the Indiana Jones trio? The film actually plays a bit more like "Romancing the Stone" though in the opposite direction. He is not the author of the fantasy of romantic adventure led by an adventure of a character very similar to one of his creations, a fictional character of adventure (recounting his own adventures) leading a normal woman in one of his adventures. <br /> <br /> When a young woman disappears in Paris, her sister Marguerite (played by Karen Cobbins) becomes involved with Lopez Jake Speed ​​(Win Crawford) and his friend Denise (Dennis Christopher) In an adventure that takes them to the heart of an African country torn by civil war, and ultimately clutches the two brothers of the evil villain Sir (John Hurt) and his ridiculously brotherly camp Morris (Roy London). This is the plot? It's not a labyrinth and it's not complicated, but the story you're telling does not require much depth. <br /> <br /> The movement sequences are attractive to start with, and the heroic trio is certainly set in its steps (whether in battles between the government and rebel forces or dropped into a hole full of black) and there are certainly some ridiculous lines. However, it seems that the film is struggling to find an end, and unfortunately, the very attractive traffic sequences start from the beginning to nowhere and eventually become a little unpleasant and annoying. However, this may not be a problem if Jake Speed ​​can be admired, but because of Wayne Crawford's performance, it has become more difficult to pay attention to what is already happening. Now I do not know whether he is extending himself a little because he was also a film producer and writer or simply not a good actor (as I have not seen him much elsewhere) but never convinced him as a tough mix from Doc Savage, Indiana Jones and Jack Colton. <br /> <br /> This is a shame because most other characters play their roles well? Karen Cobbins funny and convincing and her personality involved in some pleasant joking with Jake (unfortunately never convince him). Dennis Christopher is perfect, where the original owner and John Hurt play the role of a fun director? Almost as if it were in the sixtieth episode of Batman. He steps his steps around his few scenes that heals in silly silly tone by presenting a performance that almost belongs to another film. Sid is not no Moriarty (presented as an enemy of Jake from a number of his adventures / previous books) but it is always fun to watch. <br /> <br /> Jake Speed ​​is trying to direct the spirit of the same thrilling B movie as Night of the Comet (a film made by Crawford a few years ago) and almost succeeds but misses ?? This is a shame because Jake was good to see in a few adventures and perhaps was better presented through a television series. <br /> <br /> I recommend this out of curiosity but in the end it leaves bitterness to taste because most of the ingredients were there to make something really good.
