Comedy often has the unfortunate reputation of having little real depth. Arms and man, proves that the wrong idea. Shaw is full of comedy drama that combines an entertaining plot with a true philosophical depth. <br /> <br /> On one level, Arms and the Man is a fairly successful and romantic comedy. Young, Melodrami and Rina are a military family deeply involved in the war. Both her fiancé and her father are military officers. I was shocked, one night by the arrival of an enemy soldier. She saves him, knowing that she will have to keep the incident secret from her family forever, and the soldier eventually leaves. Of course, once the war is over, the soldier returns, forcing each of the key figures to reassess their values ​​and relationships. <br /> <br /> Interestingly, Shaw's layers in the comedy plot are fairly standard. Shaw was able to comment on class structures, the absurdity of war, and even the nature of love. Of course, he does this with the healing wit and within a satisfactory plot. There's a lot here to think about that I think it can miss a lot in one show. Arms and the Man is an excellent comedy scene and is certainly one of Shaw's best works. <br /> <br /> Arms and the Man is an amusing, thought-provoking film that remains important today, more than just a century-old film that was first conceived. Shaw ridicules common theories about war and love and combines military satire with ridicule of love and family structure. The play has a cheerful intelligence, a funny spirit, and a bitter irony. "I'm a professional soldier: I'm fighting when I have to, and I'm very happy to get out of it when I'm not." You're just an amateur; you think fighting is fun. " In fact, Blanchley was the son of a Swiss hotel guard, who had no reason to participate in the war. In this absurdity, Shaw questioned national sentiment. Shaw explores the full concept of war and the army on both sides of the struggle and finally shows that feelings in both camps are not different. <br /> <br /> The dialogue and irony used towards common concepts intertwine life with a gentle guarantee of story movement towards the end of fairy tales. The end where all characters are made happy and lovers change and transforms love is what emphasizes the essence of this comedy drama. This film preserves its image of universal appeal and is still relevant today when the concepts of war, patriotism, love and marriage have changed dramatically. Shaw's "Arms and the Man" must be important as long as there is love and war.
