Doyle never wanted to revive Holmes from his shared death with Professor Moriarty in the adventure of the final problem. However, the financial considerations made him ready (in 1901) to write the book "The Bishops", which still considered the best novels of Holmes and perhaps his best novel. But she was the "diary" of the great informant, written before his death. Just a hoot from his audience, Doyle revived Holmes fully in the empty house adventure, published in 1905. <br /> <br /> The new short story (and the last novel) is not really bad. Maybe three of the stories are really awesome, but even those horrible are very readable. Many subsequent things (such as the adventures of a social preacher) are really good. But the variation in production (especially after the stories in HIS LOW BOW (1917)) has become increasingly apparent. Repeats the lines of the previous story, and shows the really negative aspects of Holmes. In the three-story adventure in Holmes, Holmes shows an irritated irony of an African-American character. <br /> <br /> Out of the spoiler: <br /> <br /> CHARLES AUGUSTUS MILVERTON's adventure deals with Holmes in an attempt to retrieve the suspicious messages from Milverton, a highly successful blackmail. It is an interesting example of how Doyle makes a highly readable story with a minimum plot because there is little real detective work in the story. Holmes was hired to try to negotiate with Milverton regarding the purchase of the letters, but to restore them no matter what! Melverton proves not only unwilling to think of a smaller amount of paper but is willing to protect himself from Holmes's attempt to search for his character. Later, we learned that Holmes entered the Milferton family by courting a maid while denying her. Holmes eventually goes with Watson to steal the Melverton house. He and Watson were at home when they found that Melverton was waiting for some new business deals in his study (someone with information that could be used by Milverton). Holmes and Watson hides carefully, when a woman comes, and turns out to be a victim of collateral damage from the previous Milferton activities, which shoots the extortionist to death. Holmes and Watson can set fire to the Milverton collection of suspect documents before they flee the house, and then discover (for themselves) the identity of the woman. The police (under Lestrade) do not discover the identity of the two mysterious men running from Milferton's house, deeply distressed by Milferton's activities (they could not bring anything against him), and the killing will never be resolved. <br /> <br /> The story is not one of those brilliant stories of real detective work involving such as the adventures of the spotted band or Silver Silver. It's a tale of mood and late work - the issue is that Holmes and Watson will get the papers or will they be captured by Milferton? It is not one of the best stories, but in most tales it is well known and interesting. <br /> <br /> While Charles Augustus Milverton wrote, Conan Doyle had an experience with the police in regard to his activities at times as amateur / crusader mabias. A murdered artist was found at his London studio, and Conan Doyle began to write his views on how to commit murder. He then stopped - apparently warned by his friends in Scotland Yard that the murder had not been given. The victim was gay, and the police were sure that the lover had spat wrongly. For the family of the victim (this was in 1905) Doyle declined his interest in the case. So he was aware that the British police sometimes acted with restraint in matters that did not seem to warrant their full realization - such as Lestrade's self-restraint towards the murder of the evil Milverton in the story. <br /> <br /> Given the description of the story it could have been narrated in a long version of a normal hour of the series. But the MASTER BLACKMAILER TV anchor spent some time showing the terrible dilemma faced by the victims of Melverton (in Victorian England / Edwardian). We see a promising young aristocrat who kills himself when faced with a moral assault because of heavy demands from Milverton, all at the beginning of the telephone call. And not gays only. Men and women of good repute in marriage of different sexes can be smeared through the detection of illegitimate children or past undeclared relationships. In fact, in the story, the woman who kills Milverton retaliates for the destruction of her husband (a prominent nobleman) who has been devastated by blackmail. <br /> <br /> Melverton plays a good role in the harshest of his toxic cases by this good actor Robert Hardy, who even when confronted by the unexpected anger unleashed by his unquestioning disquiet (it seems that he will only show an angry woman out of his house in a moment) . Brett and Hardwick are doing well in their roles, Holmes and Watson, as expected. <br /> <br /> How dangerous is personal loss because of rumors or ambiguity in 1905? In 1898 he was one of the heroes of various imperialist wars, and another leader was a victorious charge in the Battle of Omdurman that destroyed the Mehdi Army (see four parents) Sir Sir Hector McDonald. He was governor of Ceylon in 1903 when he abruptly resigned, unexpectedly. Sir Hector returned to London and shot himself in a hotel waiting for some kind of hearing. It turns out that "Fighting Mac", often the most popular army commander in Britain, has been caught arranging the sleeping arrangements with the original boys. Melverton had eaten it very quickly ... or his counterparts in real life.
