Renaissance (2006) was established over a period of six years, with co-financing from France, Luxembourg and the United Kingdom at a cost of approximately $ 14 million. The end result is a stunning comic-book-like animation that is similar to that of Robert Rodriguez and Frank Miller with Sin City (2005), but this film used motion capture with live actors to translate their faces and movements into a fully animated form. The film appears in loose black and white as if it had been removed from the pages of the illustrated novel on which it was based, and the future city of Paris looms over us. Directed by the French director Christian Folkman, in his long appearance, the film "Renaissance" is derived largely from other films in this genre of science fiction, not the story of technology story Noir something we have never seen before, but technically, flawless. <br /> <br /> The year is 2054. The city of Paris is a shabby capital filled with dark alleys and footpaths, and the modern installation of modern technology offers only a gentle mask to the pathetic degradation of dark buildings. Avalon, the largest company in the city, has made a fortune by offering a promise to the beauty and youth of its citizens. The company's research department is constantly seeking to devise more ways to eliminate the aging process. Elona Tassoyev, a wonderful young scientist who is mysteriously kidnapped on her return from work, and therefore the legendary investigator, Barthelemy Karas (Daniel Craig), is his whereabouts. The key to the disappearance of the woman is likely to be Beslan (Catherine McCormack), Eltona's hard-line, trusted confidant, and Jonas Muller (Ian Holm), a dedicated medical doctor whose daughter Elona loves. <br /> <br /> The dimly lit city of Paris is reminiscent of Blade Runner (1982) by Ridley Scott, and some technology seems to have been borrowed from Tom Cruise in The Minority Report (2002), which, incidentally, Also set in 2054}. However, despite this familiarity, Volckman created an exciting world for his characters to live. Blending the classic film between Nuer and Sci-Fi, the result is an eye-catching collage of harsh lighting and dark shadows, which, I must warn, sometimes become difficult on the viewer's eyes. Sometimes the dialogue is normal, and the story, although attractive, does not offer anything surprisingly original (except for the end, which I thought was a bold development in the usual version), but "Renaissance" aims to work the best visual treatment, In this regard can not be denied.
