The opening credits sequence permeates an old man who has a very strange nightmare. The film begins in 2054 in Paris, where the film begins to follow a woman in an angry club, where she and a Slavic waiter meet outside the house on the deck. They disapprove of each other so much that she owes him more money, even though she thinks she paid it all. Another woman hinders the emerging violence, only for bitter fighting with the woman herself. The first woman broke into, and was kidnapped. Christian Faulkman's Renaissance seems to be another story in a collection of modern animated sci-fi images captured by the movement, but although true or false, it tells a story of a neatly arranged detective story and a classic arrangement. In the dark in the first minutes, and even during the introduction of Karas, the tough cop we know from the start is the man who wakes up from a terrible dream. <br /> <br /> All elements of the classic film "Noir" are beaten without any anachronistic changes, for all intentions and purposes. In monochromatic toughness, the French film Volckman did not follow any example. For the cartoonists who did not limit the physical lighting challenges they usually faced, they could start with a completely black frame and paste the pitch in white according to the procedure on the screen. Because it accurately mimics the effects of real light sources throughout the frame, the distinction between black and white here is completely clear without any of the least contrasting gray with the less obvious moral symbols of the characters. The result is a harsh and judgmental view of the direction of commercial civilization, Intermittent to undergo sharper illumination. It is the technical study of Noir's film based on the visual boundaries of his philosophy, and nothing was shared by the same implementation of this visual concept. <br /> <br /> It seems that all the characters in this cybercriminal film if they should come out of a purely Gothic comic book in black ink, but together, show their physical responses and movements and subtle nuances in their facial expressions to the beach within a clear humanity. Films that experiment with new developments in animation often allow for their technical advancement at the heart of all other aspects of production. Sin City, for example, left the material and changed the screen generally well from the source material to the desired level. <br /> <br /> It may not be mind-boggling, it may have narrative rules and may sound through the sound. Simply enough, the Renaissance, which was acquired for $ 19 million over a six-year period, does not seem like a real light, rather than a starkly suppressed appropriation, but it is also not secondary to all visual innovation, which is played as if it were accidental. One does not leave much to think about how wonderful it is when Carras flees on a Parisian street crowded with glass, but more about his impact on life and death, and how life's tragedies, such as death, make life worthwhile.
