Every second of the film is wonderful. That is why he earns 7, because the plot is not particularly crooked, and back again during the past 90 minutes I never felt any excitement or investment in characters. If anything, the graphics and luxury frames have made some scenes (chasing the car, for example) more pedestrian than they should - not that they do not look pretty and have some very original design and sometimes new camera angles - but they lack kinetic motion and close-up shots which are Part of the language for any ordinary action / suspense. The first hour fades together, and the dialogue feels very liberal and at a short stage - people wait until each other ends up and do not always react to normal rhythm, which may be a problem in recording each individual's dialogue. In rare cases, emotions do not match the sounds with those on the screen; something should have been avoided. The future architecture is very attractive (lots of walls / ceilings / glass screens, smoke / mirage / special effects) and cars with a beautiful appearance, but again - it's an exercise in graphic design, and has no real impact on the story. I argue that the full goal of using cartoon animation (instead of actors / CGI) is to really push the boundaries of imagination and design; to do what is extremely difficult / impractical in other ways. Although the animation in the Renaissance is certainly spectacular and achieved a remarkable achievement, I never felt that I had seen anything that had not happened before. <br /> <br /> Immortel, another French film from the CGI group, also suffers from a defect of beauty on the story and speed. To be fair, some brilliant and attractive French films also have a weak pace, and long shots of someone's eyes or rain on the Paris fortresses can have great feelings - but the animation must understand that while the animation brings unique strengths, it has points Weakness compared to real life technique. Maybe the "noir" rules the film wants to follow will end, but I think the filmmakers also missed a great opportunity to explore their future society more - the social class, the fascist fist of companies, etc. . <br /> <br /> I have no problem recommending Renaissance to anyone with designs and / or animations ("Manga fans" in particular), but I will not let my other movie-loving friends sit on them. Take away the luxury pictures and it's barely a mediocre film.
