Pictures of the classic Noir story lines filled with black and white images of Frank Miller City City. Then, as soon as, a science fiction story, such as Stephen Spielberg's Minority Report or Richard Linclitter's scanner. The combination of the above would be an appropriate way to describe the visionary French director Christian Folkman in his stunning film. But although Volckman's work is certainly not a reference to the above-mentioned movies and those like them, such a simple hybrid does not lead to the Renaissance, the final result of Volckman and justice - the film itself is a much more complex work. <br /> <br /> Genital hybridization is often important, especially in the contemporary context, with the individual well being increasingly depleted. As such, the Renaissance is laudable as a cinematic experiment at least, with its unique overlap with the daring nihilism of the exciting new investigators, and the astounding metaphorical terrorism of the dystopian science fiction drama, complementing each other to narrate the conventions in an oddly appropriate way. The script is a smart and intriguing scenario (although one feels that many of the lines in the script could have been more effective in their original French than English translation - the title of the film becomes more emotional), where I managed to stay one step Forward from its audience all the way through. Although many elements of the plot will seem quite familiar to those who are fascinated by such science fiction stories, the script casts unexpected transformations and turns in time to keep the viewer on his toes, making it really attractive. <br /> <br /> Volckman really excels in its visual element, and the stunning black and white animation is the highlight of the film easily - a wonderful and elegant mood, showing the tremendous aesthetic impact that the simple use of the shadows can bring. With the enormous details paid to form each shot and its appearance, the wonderful use of Noir's shadows and dramatic angles to confirm the emotional tension of the scene, the film appears directly from Frank Miller's comic film, but with sophistication, the result being consistently visually opulent. <br /> <br /> The delivery of the film in English also gives additional credibility through the very appropriate set of vocal sounds. Daniel Craig's terrible voice is a very perfect piece for portraying dark cop Carras, and Catherine McCormack is a strong presence as a mysterious woman whose sister is investigating. Despite the hesitant English accent, Romola Garai is doing a great job as a frantic sister, and Jonathan Price is appropriately threatening as the shady president of the ominous giant Avalon. Ryan Ian Holm's voice is also a strong choice as a mysterious world, and Holm creates a strong impression in his short scenes. <br /> <br /> Together, the Renaissance boasts an amazingly spectacular, unique and attractive futuristic excitement, just as clever and entertaining. Although the plot may seem familiar to those who repeat such fare and the occasional weak line may prevent the film from being a mood masterpiece as shown, the wonderful animation itself easily carries the film through its occasional qualifications. For lovers of any interlocking genre in the film or the Frank Miller graphic novels, or for those who want to appreciate an impressive film, a bit less traditional than the future thrill, the film is undoubtedly worth watching. <br /> </ span> - 8/10
