One of Pixar's best reasons, and very successful, is that while their films remain artistic miracles and visual mosaics, they have a story that suits their style. The method is often very influential: the effect, the magician and the generations. Many animations (speaking in general terms) and many other animations fail to reconcile their artistic savvy with the real content, I think (and may be wrong) partly because the manufacturers are not bothered by the character and the plot and focused too much on the sound and image, or the tremendous effort that It makes making some very large animations, so they do not have the energy to create a really attractive story. <br /> <br /> Can not be said of the Renaissance. There are flaws in her plan, but I'll get to that later. However, these defects are not reflected in the images - the Renaissance is not amazing. Very high contrast images (sometimes very high contrasts, which are just one face or one ray of visible light) and the stunning details are always impressive, and always fun. The future Paris shown is the bleak offspring of Blade Runner and the New World. Dark, mysterious, very rich and clean, but engulfed by intrigue, mistreatment of companies, obsessed with beauty (the capital of the podium, after all) and hiding from the narrow and neglect of its labyrinth corridors with the crust of huge and sophisticated architecture. br /> <br /> It is a convincing environment and not entirely original, but wonderful. Promoted Motion Capture technology produces a lot of attention and amazing attention to humans and detailed design of the images a black and white photographer will die for. This does not mean that details prevent entertainment, because Christian Volkman makes some wonderful sequences: chasing hell care, two heinous (fictional) murders, several conflicts in the dark and nasty dust in a grim apartment. The sites are great too (I want to visit the nightclub). While the central character of Karas is the normal dissident police, the other two characters are the true engine of the film. Because they are from war-torn Eastern Europe, products of war, expatriates and family conflict, they are an attractive metaphor for Europe as a whole. <br /> <br /> The film has a very wonderful atmosphere, with an amazing platform. Camera moves and top tone making for a very attractive experience. However, the plot ... did not become more interesting than the initial hook, where the blinding Karas Blod must find Elona Tassoyev, a wonderful scientist and wonderful, after being kidnapped from the street. The evil company Avalon (which company was not evil at all?), For which it was working "secret", projects determined to recover it, soon Karas reaches his neck in official rebuke, dead bodies, cigarette smoke, badly lost lead, falling in love with a sister Ilona Bisslane (strongly sympathized by Catherine McCormack), as the depths of the city underbelly ((and his past)). <br /> <br /> The text - Nuer's book, in other words, but while enjoying the movie more than Sin City (which bears a transient visual resemblance), the plot and accuracy were boring, the subject of immortality was lifted but never examined at all, From CEO Avalon Paul Dahlenbach too reckless is also boring, which reduces the extreme tension. The basic ideas are familiar scientific materials, and there is a disturbing sense that the images and atmosphere hide the mundane material. <br /> <br /> However, the film as a whole is quite clear and consistent, even if some of the characters' scenarios sometimes seem like excuses to show technical screens. But showing life in Paris around 2054, seeing the community and creating another city from the ground up is something that makes this film. Maybe I'm taking it seriously, and if that's the case, I can at least say it's wonderfully made, very entertaining (and very mature), and the atmosphere is unrivaled.
