Stori says that on December 28, 1895, a small group of thirty-three people met at the Parisian Indian de Grand Café in Paris to see the cinematograph, a new invention supposedly created by the work of two photographers, Auguste and Louis Lumiere. The small audience did not meet that day (some were invited, because of curiosity), do not really know what to expect from the show, and when a static image appeared on the screen, most thought cinematography was just another great idea to present slide shows. So the picture started to move. What these thirty-three dreaded on that cold day of December was the first public display of a moving image on screen; history and film were written as we know it was born that day. <br /> <br /> Of the 10 short films screened during that historic day, "La Sortie Des Usines Lumière" ("Exit the Lumière Factory") was the first to be screened. As they walked through the factory doors, leaving the building at the end of a hard day's work, while the film was a very basic "reality film", the film surprised everyone from the audience. Their concept of moving pictures was limited to "Peep Show" The invention of the brothers was like anything they saw before and so the audience stood in awe as people and horses moved across the screen. (Le Prince filmed the first film since 1888), but the film's presentation was simply revolutionary. <br /> <br /> "La Sortie Des Usines Lumière" will become the first in a long series of "reality films" that Lumiere will produce Over the years, this primitive form of documentary was the preferred type of film from the brothers because they were more interested in the technological aspects of their invention than the cinematographic uses that could be enjoyed.In spite of the lack of enthusiasm at first, after the premiere, cinematography became a great success and soon What "La Sortie Des Usines Lumière" has become a distinctive image of this premiere. It was certainly not the first film that the Brothers filmed that year, and probably was not the best of the 10 films shown that day (personally I think "L 'Arroseur Arrosé" was the top 10 films); however, He opened a pair of gates, as literally, this movie opened the gates in front of the cinema as we know it. 10/08
