I just came back from the cinema late at night, and it was actually a silent way out because most of the audience thought about the real black and white pictures of the department, the freedom movement, etc. which reminded us so much of the life our ancestors faced! In the midst of this background, keep in mind that there was no telephone / fax / internet at those times, but for the sound of truth and nonviolence, cinematography instilled some of the harsh reality of distress in the midst of the strict Raj. <br /> <br /> Gandhi emerged as a diligent lawyer in South Africa, who defended his basic ideologies and gave every degree of condemnation to raise awareness about himself with the humility and holiness expressed in the public discourse of Smut as a nice deposit on the best speech ever formulated In a gay spirit and a threatened threat to the British Raj in India! There was a nice note when he said we pray in silence to the British in India now that Gandhi, the politician for India (towards holiness) has been appointed. <br /> <br /> The large background of a large family with many children needs to mention the keenly divided love and love he has been forced to make on the unfortunate psyche of a child who has left alone to aspire to unrealistic ambitions. Harillal did not know of his eligibility and emotionally charged with small pleasures in life and failed in front of the great idol of his father. He is trying to get rid of the steamer that is the basis of any success that should have been seen by these lucky neighbors on the streets of Gandhi's residence when Harel gives up his frustration in the open. This means that he becomes mentally weak and is so emotionally debilitated that he is forced into religious conversion and alcoholism, where religion and obedience feed his negative thoughts. He was still showing the faithful love of his mother through sensitive scenes and even the modest expressions of Gandhi make Harillal forgive him and did not meet any conclusions in his mind because he was always afraid of the father, Gandhi. <br /> <br /> He could not digest the fact that Gandhi could not share his love as expected and was driven by rebellion when he could not understand the delivery of the scholarship on the basis of equal merit by his father to his cousin where he saw a failed chance to study for a lawyer in England . <br /> <br /> This was to be thrown on the streets as a beggar when the whole of India was celebrating Independence Day! Life of the destitute! Never change what may happen, but the way in which the sad death of Kasturba & Gandhi itself brings emotional silence. Finally, Harrell's recent turbulent thoughts, which represent death as a back intelligence, show the audience dominating and wondering where the father of the nation is making mistakes. He was smart enough to be mentally strong to lead the army of one man and use his brave soldier son as a weapon to show British troops and competition that when it comes to the interests of the nation, nothing comes between. Although reading the heart of Mahatma one must live outside his family and see any naive naive emotional can not see living inside .... <br /> <br /> Unfortunately such naive madness continues to destroy efforts For many parents who are similar to Mahatma in many families in today's life, they have been abused with drugs and alcoholism and God knows what ideas are !! Here's a message to all those brave soldiers (Soldier) - the sons of please respect the father of the nation! You must grant happiness or else it is a disaster waiting, is not it?
