It was easy for Sir Richard Attenborough to make Gandhi (1982)? He has been telling only the story of a great person who walked on this planet not long ago. On the other hand, it must be more stringent for director Fayrouz Abbas Khan, who first appeared as a film director to make Gandhi Abi, an anti-hero status against a world champion, both historically real individuals, father and son paradox. The events in the film are mostly real. Mahatma Gandhi lived as described in the film, setting high ethical standards for the world to follow. However, these same criteria overshadow the aspirations of his eldest son Harilal to be a good-reputation lawyer like his father, to complete his education and get a job in India and thus provide income to his nuclear family. <br /> <br /> The film does not expose Gandhi and his high ideals. For Gandhi, his mission was greater than his family's. He loved his family and cared for them, although his thoughts about their appeasement fell because of the perfect ideal of caring for the masses. He stood for equality and dignity among all persons and felt that his son should give special privileges to other deserving persons contrary to what he preached. The film looks at an extraordinary state of parenting, where the ideal parent puts the points of the goal down to get the offspring of less than brilliant. <br /> <br /> The movie shows an unusual scenario that happened. The son marries his sweetheart in his childhood, bothers his father. Father disturbs his son's educational ambitions at several major crossroads. The fragile relationship between the devoted son and the father collapses, as the son wants to stand on his feet and take care of his nuclear family. While the father becomes the father of a gradual nation, the son stumbles in the courageous pursuit of identity and survival. His marriage breaks and seeks solace in religion, between Islam and Hinduism. Through all his ordeal, he remained in contact with his mother, even deceiving him for being drunk. <br /> <br /> Fairuz Khan is mainly a director of plays who makes his invasion into the cinema. He wrote and directed Mahatma against Gandhi, which had a great influence on Indian theater society. The play and the subsequent film were based on Sirtein, the first of Chandulal Dalal and the other for Nillampin Parekh. The success of the play was a clear cause for Bollywood commercial actor Anil Kapoor to produce the famous film. Every time he tries a good exit from the directing plays of cinema, there is evidence of mistrust with the mediator. Peter Brook is a wonderful director but less efficient as a film director. The opening footage of Khan's film is a wonderful film industry, with Harrell Gandhi being brought to the Sion Hospital in Bombay (Mumbai) barely to the point that his father is Babu (the famous name of Mahatma Gandhi), the father of a whole people. Hospital authorities do not know him as the eldest son of Mahatma Gandhi, where he dies in poverty and loneliness. Apart from the dramatic opening, the film unfortunately presents just a wonderful story and some wonderful external shots of the father and son contemplating a silhouette. For the Indian film, it offers some high productivity qualities that go hand in hand with lack of attention to detail (most Indians' clothing in the film looks dust-free and freshly washed, modern hairstyles for actors, even Chevy Chetty.) Gandhi's wife a century ago with eyebrows Crooked), the curse of Indian cinema. Since Fairuz Khan is a playwright, he has invested a lot of effort in working with actors in character development rather than film detail, to some extent like Sir Attenborough, another person who is also a theatrical producer (the Royal Academy of Dramatic Arts). <br /> <br /> Knowing that criticizing Gandhi in any way would have required a problem, even when there was no direct criticism in the film, producer Anil Kapoor made a wonderful decision not to publish the movie posters in the highlands accessible in India, That someone would tear off the poster or not respect it intentionally or unintentionally. <br /> <br /> With every combination of greatness and error, Gandhi, my father poses many questions to the viewer. Is the mother-son relationship stronger than the father-father relationship in parenting? Is the direct family of the individual less important than humanity as a whole? Does one resort to religion and alcohol only when confronted with worldly problems? In this film, Harillal is surrounded by adversity from one religion to another, while his father cites the Bible "forgive them because they do not know what to do" when he was beaten and tossed on the ground by a South African policeman, convinced of the value of religion and persuading others as well. <br /> <br /> The film won the Best Actress Award at the Tokyo International Film Festival of Shephaly Shetty (Shah) and an Indian Critic Award. Feroze Khan and Anil Kapoor were treated with a well-sensitive theme and were given higher than average performances by the cast. I hope that the international success of the film will pave the way for a director who is capable of filming another wonderful Indian play from Girish Karnad that will someday close international standards of quality.
