Tales from the cellar: Everything begins at home on Christmas Eve, while Elizabeth (Mary Ellen Trainor) kills her husband Joseph (Marshall Bell) and pulls his body out in preparation for a good throw, while missing important news on the radio that he is obsessed with death (Larry Drake) Dressed in the costume of Santa Claus has fled a local mental refuge, has already killed many women with the following Elizabeth on his list but she has other ideas and trying to turn the situation seems dangerous to its advantage ... <br /> <br /> Story of Crypt Tales This is Episode 2 of the first season, directed by one of the regular executive producers of the Robert Ze series Mickies and All Through the House are a good enough hour. Fred Decker's script was actually based on a story in the comedic "Crypt of Horror" that was originally adapted as a single episode of the British horror film "Tales from the Crypt" (1972) starring Joan Collins. A personal wife here played Ellen Trainor. This special version is good enough but it does not do anything different or special, it is also very linear and very predictable so it can not be considered a classic. In just 25 minutes its length certainly moves at a good pace, the story revolves around enough horror, and generally provides decent entertainment and I liked the distorted finish. This time there are slides open and close the Keeper Crypt (John Kassir) under the full Christmas title with the usual pun. <br /> <br /> Director Zemeckis performs well and there is a nice winter atmosphere with the influence of the Christmas effect. There is not much here, someone has a poker stuck in their heads, someone's face is lumped with ice, somebody arm someone with an ax and there is some blood spray but in general, this is not the fee. Representation by small actors is very good. <br /> <br /> The "All Through the House" is not the best tale of a crypt but it is a decent story at all, worth seeing but after the story of the comic book & original movie version of 1972 do we really need or even want this?
