Fairuz Abbas Khan, Gandhi Abi, a film that highlights the relationship between Mahatma and his son Harilal Gandhi. For an interesting story like the story this film is trying to tell, it is a pity that the director has a dramatic output. Gandhi Dad told you like a boring history lesson that made you sleep in school. The film now aims to deliver a very important point - the fact that Gandhi in his attempt to be a fair person, ended up being an unfair father. This point has been illustrated in the film many times, and one example given to stir up this point is that the England grant, which Gandhi twice denies to his son. Instead of explaining to us exactly how Harilal treated this betrayal and what happened in his head, the director moves with the story only, thus leaving us not witness to the growing resentment Harilal feels toward his father. That's why when we finally see a spate of Harilal, it sounds like an exaggerated reaction. <br /> <br /> The point I'm trying to make here is that we do not really understand why Harrell turned into his rebellion. We do not really understand why he converted to Islam, then return back to Hinduism. The thing is we do not really understand Harrel at all. This is because the director of this film is very busy focusing on architect Karamchand Gandhi and his role in the struggle for freedom, a story that most of us already know. Gandhi is simply studying the tense relationship between the father and the son, but this does not tell us where the cracks began in this relationship first. We understand that Harilal had to live with the burden of being a Gandhi. Son, but show us why it was a burden to begin with. Show us early conflict incidents. For example, it is not enough for Gandhi to say only that he opposes Harrell's early marriage, tell us why this opposition? It is not enough for Kasturba to blame her husband for the way her son came out - because he moves him constantly between schools in Gujarat and South Africa, to make him move every time Gandhi needs to move. Words are not enough, he explained to us how these incidents formed the personality of Harilal Gandhi. What's more, instead of sticking to the thorny theme of this weak relationship of Gandhi vs. Gandhi, the film sprang into a lot of shadows, thereby easing the impact of the main theme. This was not meant to be a film about the struggle for independence, but on many occasions this is quite the case, because the director feels almost obliged to take us in all the major events leading up to that historic moment, It has nothing to do with the basic idea of ​​film - the relationship between the father and the stormy son. So you see that the problem with this film is not that it's a bad movie, but it's definitely a very confusing film. What happens to Harilal children after the death of his wife? Does he have any relationship with them? Where do they suddenly disappear after this scene that we see with Mahatma and Kasturba? None of these questions were answered in a film supposed to be about relationships in the Gandhi family. The film version of a hugely popular play directed by Fayrouz Abbas Khan himself, Gandhi Abi is disappointing, no questions asked. It is difficult, in order to translate the ambitious director's intention to the screen. In practice, each scene is opened in the film and ends with fading and fading, and never runs smoothly. On the positive side, there is an inherent nobility in the film, which you know. The director makes every effort to present a balanced story, and tries hard not to stand aside, never judge the father or son, nor portray the villain. However, what the film does illustrates the fact that Gandhi was a difficult patriarch, and may have formed the nation, but it is clear that he isolated his family. Among all the actors in the film is Akshay Khana who really glows the role of Harrile Gandhi deprived of luck. It's a great performance, and it's not easy because the role really covers the whole life of the character. But Akshay brings a rare combination of innocence and despair to this part and succeeds in making Harilal a pathetic figure. Just saw him in this scene where he discovered the death of his wife, and will realize the amount of what is transmitted through body language alone. Darshan Gariwala, who plays Gandhi Senor, has adopted a caricature in Mahatma in his last years, but this is the way he is human in his early years as a lawyer in South Africa, the best contribution of the actor in this role. . Shivali Shah plays the highly talented role of Kasturba, the woman who is supposed to tear apart this father-son conflict, but if she is unable to overcome this sense of helplessness, this is not her fault as much as the faulty script script. . He has made a lot of effort in making this film and this is quite clear, but the film suffers from this inevitable drawback which will eventually be remembered when you leave the cinema - it is very boring. Gandhi "My father Fairuz Abbas Khan" is an honest effort Yeah, but also a film could have been done through a more radical scenario. What we learn from the film is that Gandhi and Harrel made each other very unhappy. With this film, the director also makes us.
