For a long time, we have been watching films about Gandhi. Gandhi's image as a fighter for freedom or a man of principle is often highlighted. But when I heard that a film was being produced that highlights Gandhi as a father and emphasizes his relationship with his son, he immediately caught my attention because this area is the least explored because of his dark side and less than people showed the courage to go into it. Fortunately, Anil Kapoor (producer) and Fairuz Abad Khan (director) did so. <br /> <br /> The story begins by working in Gandhi in South Africa and its relationship to white people and his wife. Akshay (Harilal) joined his father to become a lawyer, but his dream turned when Gandhi pushed him to become a freedom fighter. Explains that Gandhi believes more in practical study than in formal education. Harrell also tried to follow in his father's footsteps, but quickly failed because of his fascination with his wife and children and his dream of becoming a great success changed his way, and then the expulsion began between the son and the father. Finally, he defeated his father in terms of pursuing his dream and leaving him on his own terms. He returned to India but then began his failed stories that became larger and larger over time. I will leave the reader to watch the movie to see more of the story ... <br /> <br /> Performance. Akshay I. He has performed best during his tenure so far and is fully convinced of his portrayal of Harilal Gandhi. The scene where he arrived at the room where his wife's body is placed is a scene from which you can see a good actor hiding / developing in Akshay. Darshan Gariwala is also good as MK Gandhi and is capable of elevating such a great character and life. It performs well and easily. Shivali Chaya (Now Shah) as Kasturba is a wonderful actress who has already proved her presence in television series. I performed the Chaika Chaika performance well but actress nominated lost in these kinds of roles. Other representatives also justify their performance. <br /> <br /> Technology and make-up are also good things and cinematography, especially since the colors color classification of the duo was very good. Fashion looks and goes in line with the context. <br /> <br /> In general, a movie that is worth watching and slow in progress and impatient people may find boring but gives insight into the area that is not displayed on the silver screen. Also, the way the story progresses and the scene may seem to be with some people and critics in particular, but for a filmgoer like me, it is still enough to make me busy at my seat to the end.
