I've been waiting for such a supernatural movie for a long time. "Mystery Men" takes its place in a parody of classic comedy films on television such as "Batman", "Captain Nice" and cartoons such as "Underdog" and "Super Chicken". The same soul lives in them all: the tongue of the comic tongue; the courage to heroic goal in life at risk of silly consideration. The uncertain way these characters can overcome their opponents. It is the wrong spark to ignite nobles in the weak and ordinary, and it is wonderful to see that they glow high and bright here. <br /> <br /> "Mystery Men" opens for a party in a nursing home. I wish Kinka Usher had the feeling of giving more energy and life to the elderly at the scene. As it is, George George seems to have invented it. We need to feel that these older people are as sharp as anyone else, or that they feel good. By the time Red Eyes crashes, half-Tom Wits, who plays the role of an inventor of weapons with a tendency for women in their 80s to stand up and shout, "Just what this party needs - a little excitement!" If writer Neil Cuthbert had any meaning, he would have been chosen for Witz with intruders and urged the whites to do the same. It could have been for a charged start, and better rendering of the thriller trio: The Shoveler (William Macy); please Blue (Hank Azaria); and Mr Grump (Ben Stiller), who seems to have come out of nowhere to save the day. <br /> <br /> There are many problems that "masked men" face more than I care. Among them is that villain Casanova Frankenstein needs to have a ridiculous feeling like the rest of the people in this film, and he does not. Jeffrey Rush is the wrong actor of the part; he needs to be more than the top of the road to make the conflict between good and evil a galvanic struggle. Rush never showed any talent for this anger. I was hoping to be a mature play for John Lithgow in "The Adventures of Buckaroo Banzai" or the deadly dry courage of Paul Freeman in "Lost Ship Raiders." Instead what we get is a pastiche. Something half-baked and not fully understood. <br /> <br /> There are many ideas that go through the "mystery men" so that anyone can relate them together accurately, and this may be the deepest problem. But whatever kind of chaos is the kind of chaos that I love. Ben Stiller has always looked at his roles. This exception is no exception, but he abandons this conviction that you have gotten rid of his feeling that he has learned something about a comedy that originated in a house run by Jerry Steller and Anne Mira. His novel is related to all kinds of highly sensitive and chronic defenses made by Woody Allen famous. Whether he is making his way to the emotions of the waitress in his favorite lounge (the elegant Claire Fourslany), or wondering about the wisdom of a supernatural colleague (Wes Stoddy as a sphinx), or giving a new member of their "elite" group. (Janine Garofalo in her most fun moments on the screen) a difficult time, making her see them always. I could not say exactly that in the film "There's Something About Mary." <br /> <br /> Janine Jarvalho proved that she should have been the star of "One True Thing", not Renee Zellweger. I do not think I've ever seen more entertaining exchanges between a daughter and a father (well, I've died and his skull in a bowling ball, so judge me) in movies. The funny part about this role is that it seems like a surprise talking to Emily Watson with God's sudden "breaking the waves". In this release, the girl does not die, and the bells do not ring in your head. <br /> <br /> William H. Messi does something extremely difficult; he makes solid magnetism. You immediately understand what Jennifer Lewis' Lucille has attracted to Eddie. You can also understand her discontent. The roast alone will be enough to push me to the edge, but when Eddie, the beloved, looks half the children to his father and says "I believe in you, Dad." Which Lucille sighs and marvels at, "Roland, do not encourage your father," feels like you stand and salute Neil Kertert as first-class intelligence. <br /> <br /> With Hank Azarya (whose only moment in the film was his naked appearance in the Birdcage) and Louise Lassier (has it been more than two decades since we first noticed her in "Bananas" And "Mary Hartman, Mary Hartman?") As the son and mother who share a silver-loving; Greg Kenner in the role of Captain Modhesh and Ricky Jay as propaganda; Mitchell Mitchell as "The Hidden Boy"; Paul Rubens as "Spleen" and Lena Olin, She does not have the few lines in this movie she owns, she seems to be visiting the group.
