Director Kinka Oscher maintains his own doctrine, "Play it directly and laugh", and with the help of excellent actors, they designed what should become the first film of all time, "Mystery Men". When the evil villain is released, Casanova Frankenstein (Geoffrey Rush) is released from a mental institution, picks up local superheroes, Captain Amazing (Greg Kinnear), and threatens to take over Champion City, three super heroes they want. ), A shovel (William H. Messi) and the blue (Hank Azaria) come to the rescue. Frankenstein was joined by a myriad of scum of the underworld, however, the opponent became enormous. The trio recognizes that there is a need for help, and they decide to recruit; what they have accomplished is no less than the unforgettable team of "superheroes" assembled in the history of cinema. Mr. angry has his anger. (The thorns, and the occasional spoon, but not a knife), the invisible boy (Kel Mitchell) can become invisible as long as nobody is watching; the Sphinx, a heavy bear From the south, is very mysterious and can break the guns half in his mind. The pellet (Janeane Garofalo) can throw the ball with deadly precision; The Spleen (Paul Reubens) uses a flatulence that can block an entire room. It is a great piece of music that offers laughter without sacrificing or caring for the audience, while playing it directly at all times. The dialogue is witty, and the presentations made by Stellar, Messi, Azaria and Garvalo are perfect. There are a number of fun and memorable scenes, especially those where they throw a billiard party and barbecue to hire them, interview a group of absentee applicants; and another, in a bar, when Bowler talks with her long-dead father, Bowling ball of its own. The crux of it all, however, must be when the team actually tries to save the amazing captain. But these are just examples, because the entire film consists of a hilarious scene after another, decorated with a sense of humor that will make you laugh and think for a long time. The true secret of its success, however, is that Usher keeps everything real; relationships between characters are correct, and the whole supernatural concept is played as perfectly logical, giving a sense of credibility to all actions. In this world, Mr. Furious's aspirations and the rest are sustainable, and Usher keeps laughter coming without resorting to distraction or threat of sight. The strong support team includes Lena Olin (Dr. Annabel Lake), Eddie Eisard (Tony B.), Tom Witts (Doc Heller), Claire Forlany (Monica), Louise LaSier (mother of Blue Raja), Jennifer Lewis (Lucille) and Bruce (Tony C). "Mysterious Man" is a truly inspiring film that can be seen over and over again, with a new chuckle that can be seen with every guaranteed watch. In the words of the immortal Sphinx, "We are the number one, all the others, number two, or less." Is it an Oscar film, hardly worth it, but for a fun time and a lot of laughter, pamper yourself with this comic masterpiece; The average score is 10/10.
