I saw Mystery Men on my 1999 birthday while I was on holiday. When I returned home, I went to see her again. Keep in mind, I was 12 years old, but at that time it was the coolest film ever. I have even collected very rare movement characters (they all have the exception of Bowler, who is hard to find.) They created Mr. Furious, The Shoveler, The Blue Raja, The Spleen and Captain Amazing, in case you are interested. !). I've seen it several times over the years and still have my favorite, mostly due to childhood memories. It is not an ideal film, but it certainly deserves another look and may be followed by worship. <br /> <br /> Story: A group of low-level superheroes are saving today. This was performed again on average, directly to the video "specials" as well. But this is the other end of the spectrum: a big budget (huge budget, about $ 100 million I think) comedy studio. Yes, the effects are overpriced and the huge collections and wonderful production design think a lot about the plot. But do not think of it as a stupid fairy film and special effects - it's a parody. They fight the villain named Casanova Frankenstein, and people. He has psychic effects, whatever he is (he is a Doomsday machine, he will take control of the world, Yada Yada.) The superheroes Captain Amazing (Zap Branigan - Isaac Greg Kenner, with commercial product logos on his clothes, a nice touch) was kidnapped. It's time for the mysterious men: Mr. Angry (Ben Stiller, getting mad), The Shoveler (William H. Messi, people beating the shovels), The Blue Raja (Hank Azaria, Briton throws thorns), The Buller (Janine Garavolo) (Kelly Mitchell, guessing what he does), the spleen (Paul Robbins the Great, the Fritz), the Sphinx (Weiss Stodie, cutting the guns in half with his mind, I'm not kidding). Other great actors include Jeffrey Rush in the role of Cassanova, Lena Olin, who was largely liberated as Casanova's bride, and Tom Wats as the only crazy weapons dealer. So ... with Macy and Kinnear and Olin and Rush there are four Academy Award nominees (and one winner) and Tom Freakin 'is waiting! It's not ideal though. It's stretched, and there's some fragility here and there (The Shoveller's full of it). <br /> <br /> The dialogue certainly exceeds the physical comedy, which is sometimes lacking (there is a man making fun of his power, the case is closed). The dialogue is certainly a highlight of the periodic sporadic exploits, mixed metaphors of Mr. Voros, and so forth. It's a totally funny film (it will almost make you forget that this is the movie that allowed All Star to Smashmouth out to the world.) Unfortunately, the film was not as good with critics and fans as it should be. Originally planned for the sequel (the film actually relies on a comic book and characters from the comedy "The Flaming Carrot." Flaming Carrot was planned for the supplement I think) but that was not good at the box office. It could have been hard to sell, a superhero comedy with the guy from "There's Something About Mary". It could also have been released on the same day as "Sixth Sense" - which ended up being the most successful in August - and "The Thomas Crown Affair". Two other classics were misunderstood on the crowded weekend, oddly enough - "Dick" and "Iron Giant". Critics gave MM an acceptable review, but soon forgot. Unfortunately, in the gritty film Jerry Steller of Comedy Central, comedian Jeffrey Ross commented on Ben Stiller: "I saw" mystery men "and fired my clients." Then Ben is seen talking with the words "I have to do." Do not listen to him. Give "mystery men" a chance.
