You know that people in the movie share that when the cold stones fall in a king-size blue sky. In fact, the weather remains so bad throughout this exciting film, and there is no answer except Chamberlain's lawyer. But a lot of European rationality, all of it, to communicate with this inner being who reveals himself only through dreams. <br /> <br /> Mysterious original ambiguity on metaphysics from director Peter Weir. Has already demonstrated his skill in flirting with other dimensions in Picnic's Hanging Rock (1975). Here is a mysterious world of indigenous Australians facing the world by order of the dominant white tightly. Something strange happens within the indigenous community when they kill someone for no apparent reason. Yupi Chamberlain's lawyer is supposed to defend them in the White Man's Court. But the more things look at things, the more mysterious things grow, and the more attention a strange indigenous man has. Then there are those fearsome dreams that come and go in strange times. <br /> <br /> A well-organized scenario deepens attention all the time. One of the reasons for the film is the normal life of Chamberlain's wife and young daughters. The public can easily identify them. When their little world collides with forces beyond the usual framework, normal life begins to bend, and we feel that the worlds are beginning to collide. Chamberlain relies all around, especially during the underground exploration tour where I think he should have shown more awareness than he does. After all, it is picking up the mask that holds the key (I think) to the puzzle, but its reaction does not actually register the revelation. <br /> <br /> Of course, the idea of ​​speculative nature has a certain resonance now, thirty years later. In the film, the idea is wrapped in much of the entertainment focus, but the subject itself remains an important subject. One way to highlight the central paradox of the film is the symbolic opening scene. A large white sports car overtakes an indigenous family, leaving them in the historical dust. The terrain seems to be an internal tribal reservation of no particular importance to the coastal sites where the industry lives. However, they are also an area likely to survive anything resembling the recent devastating wave. Maybe something in the past and the future has to be thought here. <br /> <br /> Anyway, this is a really good movie that will stay with you.
