The vandals loved the subsequent episodes of college and beyond, but I hope I get the last season on the DVD. Unfortunately, the newest I can get is the first college season. Teen years are still sweet. Although they focused so much on magic, they also made it into a personality that teenagers could deal with, playing with teenagers' agitation, and children in divorced families. This offer was very innocent. Did not get involved in the problems of teenage obsessed sex and drugs, but they faced pressure to suit them. I loved to watch her grow up and deal with her magic alone and try to convince her aunt to give up her life left the nest. The older episodes were nice, but it was very best to see her as (no longer a really teenager witch) but extremely charming. I loved Roxy and Morgan; they were very talented! In previous episodes, the aunts were great actresses, but they were very strict, gentle and loving, but they treated her as a small child in some respects, but not in every way. I mean, they founded it on every small mistake committed by its magic, means to let it learn from its mistakes once! This was what I liked in college circles; she was able to learn from her mistakes without being grounded in everything; it was annoying. Do not put down Hilda and Zelda. Melissa Joanne Hard was beautiful and was perfect for Sabrina with her character Perky. I loved the last episode where I ran away from Harvey's marriage, but as someone else said, it was good to see what happened next. I mean I think it was obvious they were getting married; where else would they run in her wedding dress? But I wish I could see her. They supposedly wanted to leave it up to the viewer to choose the end instead of feeding the spoon to us as most comics do. One of them said that it would have been possible to show them the marriage and go to school at home, but they had already graduated from university. Sabrina had a wonderful job in a magazine and I think Harvey had a good job, because he lived in a beautiful apartment that we only see at the end, but they never said what he did. As a child they always talk about how he does not want to be a pesticide like his father. When Sabrian moved home that season, they never explained how it happened. In fact, there's a lot that the offer does not explain, but I suppose it's supposed to be up to us and leaving some ambiguity. Before Sabrina and her friends go home, they show Hilda getting married and this full mascot that ends up turning Zelda into a child. Hilda returns in the last episode (Zelda is in another form, but Beth is not in the loop) but they do not show Zelda's husband or what happened, like did they have children? They may not want to do much in one episode. I also loved Hart's sister who played her spoiled cousin! She was beautiful and a wonderful actress and it was interesting to see her grow up! I think the cannon has been six years since the show stopped! I still love replay! Also, I do not know if anyone has noticed it, but in previous episodes, the city was called Westbridbe (city author I think it was supposed to be close to Salem) but in subsequent episodes, mention the name of the town that is settled and Westbridge I think they They call it Boston, unless that's where I worked. Also, I wanted to add, I found the episode "Wild Wild Sabrina" where it is taught about the importance of rules, to be insulting. She was 18 and very old to be grounded; I was insulted if my parents had kissed me at the age of 18. I think that while the 18-year-old may spoil how she did, they need to know the consequences of this on their own. I think at age 18 they know the rules are important.
