I have this movie on DVD and I have to watch it thirty times. I must really love him, right? Well, not really. <br /> <br /> I was a navigator earlier in my life and I loved the sport. To this day, I am fascinated by good browsing. The Giants ride has a lot of it, so I sucker for this thing. But I certainly have some bones to choose. (Peralta, are you listening?). <br /> <br /> First, the film has little confidence in its subject. Cutting and editing the waves is the vast majority of them ruined. Very few waves are actually displayed from start to finish. Peralta seems to be addicted to the hyperactive way. The situation is particularly bad in the middle section of the Mavericks in northern California. There is not one wave coming from the end. The almost complete part of the Mavericks (third of the film) is an exciting rendition of clips from equally disturbing audio clips. I can understand the effect that Peralta was trying to make with the Mavericks, where the place is a really scary mix of the cracking waves in the open frozen ocean seal, but it moves far away. Mavericks are not just a bad acid trip. The waves are already blended there, even with great performances. It was good to see some of them. If Peralta thinks this is a big sport (and I'm sure he does), why do he insist on messing around with the subject too much? Sometimes, editing from the movie reduces to unclear. There is one quick clip in the section of Peahi in Hawaii, which I still do not understand. Even if you play it on a slow motion on a DVD, the image is too fast to decode. The length of two frames must be a maximum. <br /> <br /> Second, did the players who made this thing know about it? It is particularly disturbing to watch the release of the directors who are bloggers on DVD. These men seem like two girls at the top of the valley. The same feelings appear in the main production. Everything is always "amazing", and so on. One character in particular is just an abhorrent - Sam George, editor of Surfer magazine, who practically pee in his pants every time he has anything to say. It's a big drag on the film. <br /> <br /> There's a lot of effort this movie has done. I mean, just get footage of the old movies they have, as well as all the interviews. The film is a wonderful story, and I think it captures entertainment in general. Objectively, it was well designed, with the three parts centered around Greg Nol, Jeff Clarke and Laird Hamilton respectively. There are some uses of hard photography that are still enormous. In the director's narration, they say it's a new type of 3D technology, and it's already working. The three main characters shine, either in interviews or in the water. As an athlete, Laird Hamilton is a revelation. He rises to the top of his sport in a way I've only seen Michael Jordan do in basketball. As well as the story of his meeting with his father Johara. I really touched me. <br /> <br /> It's just a movie that could have been much more. The last part of the film, when credit flows, gives a hint of what it can be. There are some beautiful panoramic shots of the waves with brilliant soundtracks. (The sound in the rest of the film is nonsense, although you might like it if you are a fan of a modern hectic rock school.) Anyway, there are two years ...
