I remember seeing this when it was released, in a theater in Palo Alto, I do not expect much. I mean - an Australian film? But in the end I got it. Here is a scene. Richard Chamberlain sits cross-legged on the floor of a dilapidated apartment in Sydney, facing an indigenous Australian elder named Charlie. <br /> <br /> Chamberlain: "I was out of my house last night ... I scared my wife. Charlie responded with a deliberate pace, "Who are you? Who are you? Who are you? Who are you? Who are you? Who are you? ... Are you a fish? It's a stunning scene, all shot up close, with the handsome Chamberlain face filled with a screen in front of Charlie's broad black eyes. <br /> <br /> The two men can not be more different. This film is the story of how Chamberlain accidentally stumbled upon his presence in the inexplicable and almost indescribable world of Charlie's secrets, and I do not think I will go on much about the plot. It's kind of a terrible tale. But I must say, those who have researched indigenous belief systems in Australia must get a plus. They have everything here, from directing the bone to the time of dreams, a kind of parallel universe in which dreams are real. It is a very nervous film without any musical stings or great special effects. The world of Charlie simply begins to break into Chamberlain's dreams, for reasons that have never been quite clear. <br /> <br /> If there is a problem with the script, this is the problem. Nothing is ever quite clear. Does Chamberlain, who seems to have an unusual relationship with the indigenous people, die in the recent wave? Are indigenous people? Is Sydney full? The basic premise is also difficult to accept, although given this imagination. Indigenous people invest in some kind of spiritual power that Americans give to American Indians, while the truth is that legends are legends, while one may be more complex or satisfactory - more elegant and beautiful, if you want - myths still try to transcend the normal physical existence, , And sometimes disappointing. Charlie convinces more convincingly that Moses' miracles in the "Ten Commandments" of Cecil B. Demel, but they are brothers under the skin. <br /> <br /> But I do not care about that. This film, which was filmed as a film, is very good, and is particularly important for the celebrity distinction of director Peter Ware and the Australian film industry. These were the first major wave of films from antipodes, some of them horrific, such as "Mad Max", some of them subtle and exciting, such as "Lantana". I love the ware things, which resemble Nicholas Rogge in the lamb with a camouflaged horror. Try "Picnic at Hanging Rock" for an example of how to produce a chilling film without a drop of blood.
