The movie "Riding the Giants" is a great documentary film that sinks into the depths of the world in one of the most unpopular sports, and shows the very human and cruel feelings that director Stacey Peralta could not capture. Everything from the structure, to the players, to the stunning stock shots, and even to the style in which it was filmed, only reinforced the beauty and strength behind the surfing sport. Of all the surfing movies I saw (Endless Summer, Billabong Odyssey, and Step Into Liquid), this film was the most consistent and appropriate. From the early days of surfing (a short lesson in history) that goes on all the way to the infamous Laird ride, Riding Giants goes into the mind, heart and spirit of the sport more than any of these other documentaries. How does he do this? By providing us with the whole story, from start to finish, without imagining or jumping from wave to wave. <br /> <br /> To start this movie was structurally sound. In other films I have seen about surfing, you sometimes find yourself jumping from a new person to a new person, from wave to wave, from event to event, without any knowledge of why or who? At Riding Giants, we have a very small team of veterans and beginners. This allows you to delve deeper into each one's mind. Also, instead of just surfing, we are given more history and personal vision of the world than ever before. This is what really attracted me to this film. I was impressed that instead of showing all these big waves (because it's a big wave movie), we listen to the stories and see closely what these browsers have had to overcome to get to those waves. I loved the information about Beach Bums or Surfing Father. I am still struck by the amazing tales of Greg Nol and his early adventures to the deep blue color. Then, to see him personally, talking about what was in his mind, he added only more fuel to the fire. The direct structure followed by Peralta allowed me to follow and come out with more knowledge of sport than any of the previous films. Peralta shows so much emotion and emotion that you can not help but be amazed at what these brave people have done and where the sport is going. <br /> <br /> Add to the pure structure some intense and creative cinematic work, and you will be darn near an ideal film. Using the techniques I last saw in The Kid Stays in the picture, Jump Giants creates some scenes that seem to jump from the screen. Although it is not three-dimensional, it is this flat-dimensional feeling that you get when you place two pictures on top of each other. In this film, I worked. It created more depth for the viewer, not adding to the shock value (a man who had these waves huge), but also the menace that these men constantly faced. If it collapses differently or if it is misdirected, these waves will kill them. Some died, but this did not stop the sport. He has created more excitement and more passion to do a better job. It was love for the ocean and sports that led me to my last point. <br /> <br /> The human element. Many of my previous adventures in the world of documentaries have left me beautiful waves, but little about people. The films know that people were watching the waves, so basically going from wave to wave to wave and maybe seconds away from the person. This film was directly opposite. Beralta invented this masterpiece by continuing to give us waves, but he devoted more attention to surfers and the immortal question of why they did it every day. What rushes through their minds, what drives them to move forward, are the bonds that are formed while they are in the wild blue zone. After watching this movie I felt I did not know more about the great surfing, but also about the emotional side of the sport. This was not an element developed in other films and pushing the Giants Ride to a completely new personal level. <br /> <br /> In general, this movie was great. I have not seen much passion, dedication and love wrapped in a structurally sound film. From start to finish, I was impressed. I would be very happy if this film won the Oscars this year for the best documentary, to see a new birth in the surfing world and to open more doors for films of this kind. <br /> <br /> Grade: *** ** Away from the place *****
