"Where the pavement ends (1950)," appropriately, with the names of Dana Andrews and Jane Turneys listed on the pavement, while dirty water flows down between the sewer network rods. The pavement represents respect, integrity and ethics ?? Only the crooks and the pervert walk in the bottom. But even the most honorable men have a tendency to err at times, and when the pavement suddenly ends, it is sometimes impossible to avoid wearing shoes. Mark Dixon (Dana Andrews) was born at the bottom, his father was a professional criminal, and spent his entire life on the way back to the pier, always balanced on the edge of the pier. As a police investigator, Dixon only wants to show the kindness and integrity his father missed, but he has a line he can not escape. When his quick temper leaves a dead death suspect, Dixon finds himself the father he despised, a cheap criminal who will be tricked and lied to cover up his crime. <br /> <br /> "Where the Wharf ends" was the only film that reunited Dana Andrews, Jane Turney and Otto Breminger after the wonderful "Laura" (1944), although the two films, as far as Noer went, could not To be separate. While the previous picture had a strong intimacy to the story of murder in a country house, this film is more traditional like urban police bold drama. For her unforgettable performance, such as Laura Hunt, it is unfortunate that Tierney suffers from a severe lack of use, occupying the usual position of beautiful and weak romantic interest (as she did in the same year in Jules Dassan's "The Jules and the City" )}. Andrews, on the other hand, was rarely the best, he showed unshakable anger and I did not expect him to. Gary Meryl is overly smug as a crime coach, but it does not seem enough for the role. I think a representative like Richard Conte (who played Mr. Brown in "The Big Combo (1955)") is more suited to the character; Just a year ago in "Previnger's Whirlpool" (1949). <br /> <br /> Tension, while Dixon tries to cover up his casual crime, rises dramatically ?? Certainly among the most disturbing chains of her time? Although I feel that the situation is still not exploited to its fullest potential. The taxi driver is the only person who could have known Dixon decisively as the culprit, but Breminger runs fast over time as Dixon passes the stairs. Had the witness been brought while Dixon was reactivating his movements outside the entrance to the apartment, we would have had some real fireworks. And why, for this reason, can a taxi driver's testimony exempt Giggs Taylor (Tom Talley) immediately from being suspected of murder? Such erroneous contradictions distort an otherwise excellent scenario from Ben Hesht, who publishes a criminal and brave criminal with cops who collide with guns and criminals. Andrews' performance and the enforcer of domestic law, out of anger and remorse, have rarely been better, at least equal to Robert Ryan in The Earth's Danger (1952).
