New York police investigator Mark Dickson (Dana Andrews) is a man who has to deal with his demons on a daily basis while dealing with the ups and downs of everyday life. The pressure resulting from his internal struggle and his severe hatred of criminals leads to serious mistakes in judgment and a lack of awareness of the need to comply with any code of conduct in dealing with people on the wrong side of the law. . Has a track record in the treatment of suspects and criminals known for his brutality. This has led him to disagree with his chief officers who have blamed him for the amount of violence he regularly uses. Dixon can not reconcile these calls for restraint with his severe and irrational hatred of all criminals. He is tormented by the fact that his father was a criminal and that he has a strong need to live in his father's reputation and avoid the low expectations that many people have as a result. <br /> <br /> When a rich man is killed after gambling in the evening by gangster Tommy Scales (Gary Merrill), Dixon is set in the case. "The victim was accompanied by Ken Payne (Craig Stevens) and his wife Morgan (Jane Turney) and that Payne had committed the murder," Dixon's top lieutenant, Detective Lieutenant Thomas (Karl Malden), tells Scalise. Dixon goes to the Pine apartment and interrogates the hungry and uncooperative suspect. When Pine punches him, Dixon retaliates and collapses and dies. Dixon goes to get rid of the corpse in a nearby river. After describing what happened at Scales' place, she says her father went to Pine's apartment later that night to provoke controversy over the fact that she returned home with bruises on her face. Bain has been attacked by her on several occasions and her father, Giggs Taylor (Tom Tollie), threatened that if it happened again he would beat Pine. This information leads to Taylor's arrest and has been charged with murder. No one accepts Dixon's explanation that Scales killed the Texan and then killed Pine to kill him as a witness. <br /> <br /> Dixon continues to make many attempts to convict him, but he realizes that the only way to succeed is to write a confession about his role in the death of Payne and cover. He does so and also records that he is going alone to confront Scalise so the police can arrest the gangs for murdering Dixon. The confrontation with Scalise and the final means by which Dixon fulfills his own redemption provide a tense and appropriate conclusion to this deadly excitement. <br /> <br /> The tense and preoccupied expressions of Dana Andrews always convey the disturbing nature of his character because he deals with a series of trials that include tracking the accidental death of Pine. Dixon, however, is not the only one who has suffered misfortune because Morgan, a successful model loses her job because of all the problems surrounding her. Her father, who a few years ago received a diploma to help the police, finds himself unfairly accused of a crime he did not commit. Ken Payne, a war hero, suffered from unemployment and loss of self-confidence, which led to alcoholism, wife abuse and scalise by Dixon's father at work, and also suffered from his misfortunes. <br /> <br /> "Where The Sidewalk Ends" is a very attractive story with a host of interesting and varied characters and a major barrier representing the absolute embodiment of moral mystery.
