The charm of Otto Preminger, Noir's visual film, is that he has vague intentions, betraying the dark essence of the central character, who still feels uncomfortable living under his criminal father. The police officer, Dana Andrews, who drives him, a strange, irrational and destructive person, may be able to change because he may have found a good woman looking after him. The troubled man recovers his interlocking impression of integrity. The permanently painful mood in the last half of the story is echoed by the scriptwriter Ben Hesht, who is reluctant to perform the tense Andrews, where Bremer fills the film in a style-related material. We do not see and only hear the city at night; we feel so because Breminger lets us see and hear even the most peripheral and distant factors. <br /> <br /> Dana Andrews presents a complex personality that has been revealed through the strips of violence and hatred that are always pervasive. As the plot unfolds, it is secretly entangled in the situational traps, yet it has been revived by the external works that can be seen in the expressions of the protagonist's sharp classical protagonist before his execution. <br /> <br /> This reversal of the stage set in the evolution of this genre is an attractive, wild and shady film of Noir located in a double-dealing atmosphere in the underworld, where the hero is kept away to the point that he is always swollen with anger and despite his loss of resistance Rationalism, professional principle, and moral boundaries, is still a good cop. Bremer only wakes up in telling a drama about a social conscience about a corrupt society within the city's sprawling landscape, instead preserving the excitement on Andrews shoulders as an existential journey of personal repercussions around a man with the ever-diminishing Oedipal fixation - The law on his part and their incorrect perception of right and wrong. <br /> <br /> In the early 1950s, production companies spread the image of the social problem, making "low budget," low-risk excitement, "like this, apparently in an attempt to evade conservative critics and busy social organizations. There is an expressive matter of realism to Bremer's superlative approach, injecting each scene with a sense of daily drama as the background of the scheme, each supportive character must raise its weight by doing something interesting, but none of them is comic cartoons or a blues. She is a star character, according to Carl Malden I have a direct self on my shoulder as a missionary police inspector and a veteran waitress in the lunch office ... Those who are stars --- Andrews and Jane Turney, both concerned about their futile attempts to subdue their emotional intensity - who do not want to be.
