I'm a big fan of Noir, and this movie directed by Otto Preminger is easily one of the best I've ever seen! Briminger collected his two stars from the song "Laura" - Jane Turney and Dana Andrews, for a completely different crime film. Laura was based on love, and the film is hate-based; while we watch police detective Mark Dickson, a brass who is already being scrutinized by his superiors for his harsh tactics, accidentally kills one of the suspects and tries to fix the murder on a known criminal; Scalesi. The plot has been worked brilliantly, and Preminger balances an excellent number of plot points; but all this is due to the main ethical implications surrounding our main character. The fact that the film is on the scene of criminal crime means that the plot gives an excellent base to work from. The director Otto Breminger captures the experience of the spoiled side of life by showing the main characters gambling, beating each other (and their women) and filming and more - The former "Laura" film, which has been largely assigned to the upper class society. <br /> <br /> The role of Mark Dixon and Dana Andrews is one of the most interesting parts of his career. Here, we have a personality that is hard to admire like extreme cold - but the fact that we can understand its motives ensures that it is easy to empathize with, and allows the public to be able to integrate into its ordeal. The timing of personal development is good, and as we follow this character and his motivations throughout the film; everything is logical by the end. His star partner is Jane Terney Gemayel, who has not been given much to do in this film as it was in Laura; the film that made Turney its focus. She is doing well with what she got, and the excellent pilot biochemistry and Tirny help complete each scene. I can not say that this is a better film than the previous Laura; this is difficult to follow, but this film certainly fits with the noir version of the film better than the former Preminger. The film also makes a good comparison piece of Laura. As with everything in this film is the opposite of 1944 film, yet it is strangely familiar. Highly recommended for everyone!
