At first glance, it seems natural to compare where the pavement ends with a crystal. Both of them enjoy loud features, both directed by Otto Breminger, stars Dana Andrews and Jane Turney. But this is where most comparisons end. Laura has dealt with sophisticated and sophisticated people by the means that occur to find herself mixed in a murder. Where the ends of the pavement are set in completely different layers. These are people who barely have niclans and come together and are used to seeing the weakness of society rather than going to masquerades. Where the "sidewalk" ends is a brave film full of desperate people who solve their problems with fists or other weapons. Small-time hoods are a dime and police officers routinely beat their confessions from fraudsters. It seems that indulging in the investigation of the murder is normal like breathing. <br /> <br /> While I have not seen the full extent of his work, based on what I have seen, Dana Andrews offers one of his best performances like the cop cop, Det. Sgt. Mark Dickson. It's a kind of cop who used to cut off local blankets if he got information or a confession. One night, he went away and accidentally killed a man. Do his best to cover up it. But things get more complicated when he falls in favor of the wife of the deceased man, Morgan Taylor (Turney), whose father becomes the first suspect in the murder case. Since Morgan's father meant the world to her, Dixon had to do everything in his power to cleanse the old man without implicating himself. <br /> <br /> Technically, where the pavement ends. In addition to the wonderful performance of Andrews, Terriene's film is always tasty. Its quality can make even the darkest moments look brighter. The rest of the cast is quite solid with Tom Tally like the father accused of being a real lead. Besides acting, the direction, collections, lighting, and cinematography are all top notch. In general, it's a very good movie. <br /> <br /> If I have one complaint (admittedly a very small representation) it is that Terni is almost perfect for its role and its surroundings. It is a little hard to believe that such a woman may find herself mixed with some of these hateful characters. It's not really a mistake, it's just the way Terni comes across. Looks a bit beautiful, polished, and delicate for the part. But her gentle nature and trust adds a sense of realism to her portrayal.
