In "Where the Wharf Ends", Otto Preminger meets with Dana Andrews and Jane Turney, hoping to recover Laura's charm. But they are very similar films, present in different layers of New York (not to mention the opposite poles of the universe). A gorgeous mist of Gothic gothic above Manhattan's upscale Laura, with its dramatic obsession and faint whimper of the dead; The Sidewalk Ends represents a purely urban hush, replacing a city of basement apartments, steam rooms and parking garages. <br /> <br /> But it is a movie just as wonderful as the distinguished and dyed entrepreneur in Noir-noir (Laura, by contrast, one of the set of 1944 films that the French first dubbed "noir", was still A highly sophisticated killing puzzle). Daylight enters only a very temporary suffering, and director of photography Joseph LaChel takes full advantage of alleys, brown stones, sidewalks and el. This is a big big city - specifically Big Apple - noir, like many other bumper towns in the 1950s, such as Side Street, Sleeping City, The Tattooed Stranger and Edge of Doom. <br /> <br /> With the opening of the film, police investigator Dana Andrews is on the carpet because of his brutal ways, especially revenge from the head of the crime Gary Merrill (who we learned was founded in business by Andrews father and father well). When someone outside the house was stabbed to death in a floating crap by Merrill, Andrews, a hair-raising fan, scares a witness, causing a fatal skull wound (exacerbated by a steel plate attached to the veteran's head). Realizing that his job is at stake, Andrews threw the body into the river after making it look like the suspect had taken a powder. <br /> <br /> Of course, this is far from over. The body was discovered, and his wife was scattered, and all the evidence begins in the direction of her father (Tom Talley), the infiltrator who happened not only to be walking the same street on the night of murder but to have enough reason to want his abusive son-in-law. But the person who feels bitter Andrews feels in Terni's summons to his best nature; tries to free her father while still keeping his own participation in all dark business secretly .... <br /> <br /> It is not as mysterious as Laura shows, The boss tells Andrew a sharp tone of his own (look at you - look at you - all confused as a barrel strike). <br /> <br /> But while Laura has published her attention to more than half of the dozens of characters, here Andrews is all except the sole focus (even Turney's role is much less central than Laura's half-spectra). And Andrews may not have shown his performance here. He is tight-fisted and conscientious, but no more eloquent than he was when his face silently records the pain that his stubbornness has brought him. He is suffering from a suppressed illness and can only be released through a safety valve for violence (even criticizing his loyal partner Bert Fred). He certainly finds a quick way to salvation through the agency of his beautiful star. But this was the style of the times, and did little to end the story of violence, corruption and urban entanglements in New York.
