We are far from Laura. Once again Otto Preminger runs the role of Dana Andrews in the role of a police investigator named Mark, and Jane Turney is the beautiful woman who haunts him, but nothing else about "where the end of the pavement" is like the mystery of murder is the preferred development of everyone. Instead of the deliciously catered dialogue, we get the terrible bold realism. While the previous film was shown in the obsolete upper echelons of the New York community, here we are in the low-rent area of ​​dark streets, adventures, cheap restaurants and luxury apartments. As always, Terni is a fashion designer and lives in Washington Heights (the "doll" that took the Fox fur from Mark McPherson from LAURA). This time Andrews is Mark Dickson, an older, sadder and more troubled version of the cool cop in the trench coat. <br /> <br /> Where the pavement belongs to a sub-genre of noir, films about police brutality focus on policemen who can not control their violent impulses. Like Kirk Douglas in DETECTIVE STORY, Dickson condemns his scorn for the fraudsters of his father's criminal past. When Douglas Barra is blind and blind to his mistakes, Andrews is burdened with pent-up guilt and self-hatred. One of the suspects was accidentally killed and covered up by trying to question a gangster (Gary Merrill) who had been chasing him for years. Instead, a pleasant taxi driver is suspected to be the father of the dead and oppressed wife Morgan (Jane Turney). Dixon, who falls in love with the wife of the man who was killed, desperately tries to save her father without distancing himself. <br /> <br /> Dana Andrews had this distinction between the heroes of Noir: he was incapable of appearing intelligently. Even when he plays an average atmosphere, as he usually does, he always encounters him as sensitive and unintelligible; moreover, a very thoughtful aspect of his own comfort gives him that haunted quality that was his essence as an actor. He played ordinary men, policemen and soldiers, but he always suffered from a tragic deterioration of vision and knowledge of many. His conscientious heroes are tired, guilty and unable to "relax" at all. No other actor could express the well-packaged anger, slow pain, and painful intelligence of Mark Dickson. He also has a silent tenderness, a mystical warmth and even annoying makes him terrifying. This happens when Morgan moves to a restaurant where he is regular, and for the first time we see this cold and brutal man trading insults with the waitress, who can not be derided by hiding her love and interest in him. When Dixon asks his partner for money to get a lawyer from Morgan's father, he gives it to them despite their last argument and threw Dixon a punch. There are no words of allegiance or of knowing that he is a good man in the depths, but we see all this in the silence of the bitter man and the resignation of his wife as she receives some jewelry to give out. Good Dixon comes through the reactions of others to him as much as through the performance of Andrews deeply influential. <br /> <br /> Although Dana Andrews was a young star, he may be the ideal 40th man. Some of the films barely take off his coat; with the square silhouette in the middle of the century, fortified by Fedora, the Bourbon Cup, the cigarette he does not get out of his mouth when he speaks, seems imprisoned in the male idealism of durability and palaces. While many of the strikes romanticize the strong man with the two fists, the pavement offers an unshakeable picture of the reality behind the facade, an appealing exploration of the roots and consequences of violence. <br /> <br /> Andrews was downplayed in his time (he was the only one of the three heroes in our best years to be nominated for the Oscars, although his very low performance is more convincing than Frederick Marsh, the drunken winner On the Oscars). Fortunately, Andrews appeared in some of the films that guaranteed his immortality, and now finally you can watch this unknown film, which has the best performance, as part of the wonderful Fox Film Noir collection. This series, including a number of titles that have never been released (such as NIGHTMARE ALLEY and THIEVES 'HIGHWAY), indicates that Twentieth-Century-Fox probably had the best record in all major studios when it comes to filming noir.
