George Cuckour directs this high-quality story from the thrill of the theatrical world through a sensitive but steady touch. The performance of Ronald Coleman, who won the Oscars, continues despite a few moments of drought ?? It is hard to forget his haunted features, which revolves around social functions without purpose and tries to find meaning in his life. There are a number of interesting sub-scripts, and Cukor does an excellent job of explaining them without imposing anything too much. The script by authors Garson Kanin and Ruth Gordon is fascinating, mixing the famous theater world with the abnormal world of the streets and using the elements of King Lear for Shakespeare as a reference to both the theme of the main film, Jealousy and Coleman's personal personality with identity. <br /> <br /> Several interesting things about this movie? Superficially, can be rejected as a very unsuccessful treatment of the daily problems of actors. In other words, if the art of acting requires such a full sublimation of individuality, we will soon find a group of actors in the psychological style that follows the streets. But I do not really think that the main concern of this story is acting or acting / acting art in itself. I think that Anthony's conflicts represent a broader existential question, and a deep uncertainty about identity. I feel that there is a key in his relationship with his former wife Prita (Sien Hasso). He says that he could never have become or could become a good representative without inspiring them. At another stage, he explicitly stated that his strong attachment to his roles began when he married her. I'm not sure what I can do from this but it seems important to me, especially because his obsession with her and her jealousy is what ultimately drives him to the top. This may mean that Anthony is putting himself at risk in the first place by entering into a serious relationship. Marriage means "union of spirit" in the traditional sense. It is uncommon to separate male and female at the beginning of the film. It is not entirely unprecedented (His Girl Friday emerges from the mind, among other things), but it is unusual and perhaps important, especially in light of the fact that it does not end in the end by dissolving the romantic separation. In a way, the film can point out that jealousy is another form of self-love.
