Ronald Coleman plays the role of a famous Broadway actor who has lost his mind and sense of identity. After years of playing a wide range of parts, he can not remember who he is exactly - who his roles are and who he is. More seriously, he begins to see and listen to his play even in everyday life. So, since he is currently playing at Othello, he begins to act jealous and doubtful - just like the title character. In the end, it leads to the depths of madness and murder. <br /> <br /> I've watched this movie for years and I liked it. I saw him again and loved him. Maybe now some of my fervor because I've always loved Ronald Coleman and this is his great victory - and he won the Best Actor Oscar Award. Given the competition that year (Gregory Peck for GENTLEMAN, John Garfield of BODY AND SOUL, William Powell of LIFE WITH FATHER and Michael Redgrave for MOURNINGING BECOMES ELECTRA), I think Coleman was a very good choice, the usual comfort zone and he played a more demanding role. <br /> <br /> Now I noticed that one of the reviewers hated this film because they hated Shakespeare - and it took about half of their ratings to talk about their dislike for him. However, this film does not revolve around Shakespeare, and it does not matter at all if you do not like Shakespeare. I'm not a fan of Shakespeare, but I was amazed at the small parts of the play that Coleman re-activated - although, as I said, I'm not a Shakespeare film. Instead, it is a wonderful image of a representative who loses his mind and mixes his theatrical role with reality. It could have been any play, although "Othello" was an excellent choice because of the murder scene - which was later represented in the film. <br /> <br /> In general, a very clever movie because of a beautiful script - with some ringtones for Noir. Luckily, the acting was also great, with Coleman enjoying excellent support from Sien Hasso, Shelley Winters and Edmund O'Brien (who was particularly good - he played his right role). In view of the great director George Kokur, it is no wonder that he is a wonderful film from start to finish.
