The film "Double Life" has developed a mystery among film lovers for two reasons: the idea of ​​drawing a representative who has been concluded in the role of (here Othello) as capturing the great flaw of that character and placing it in his life; this is the film that won the Oscar Ronald Coleman (as well as the Golden Globe) . Let's take the second point first. <br /> <br /> Does Anthony John Coleman play a greater role, or even his role? I have doubts about any level - but it is among his best known roles. Most of his career, Ronald Coleman played gentle gentlemen, often in dangerous or non-traditional situations. Bulldog is Drummond (he was cleaned up in Goldwyn's production so as not to be arrogant racist) fighting a crime. It's Raffles, the big cricket player and the biggest thief, trying to get rid of the best robberies to save his friend's honor. It is Robert Conway, the great imperialist political figure, who is kidnapped and transported to that paradise on earth, Shangriela. He is Dick Hildar, and he is heading to his death after learning that his master has been destroyed and that he is now blind and useless as an artist. I add Sidney Carton and Rudolf Rassendil to this list. But here is not heroic. In fact, he is an unfaithful traitor - he kills a person and kills nearly two people. It does not matter that he is clearly mentally ill - his behavior here is not social. <br /> <br /> To me, Coleman had to have won the Academy Award for Hilder, Carton or Conway - all this is typical of his actions. Roles. But the academy has a long tradition of choosing anomalous roles to give it as a treasure to its outstanding members. Coleman Anthony John is a very good performer, and at one time really scary. When she is alone with Signe Hasso in her house, they are at the top of the stairs and with him at the base, they have an argument. She asks Tony to leave, saying she will not see him. Staring out, his face hardens strangely in a way he has never used before, and says, "Oh, no, you will not do it!" He started moving upstairs, frightening Hsu, and ran away to her room. He stops himself and leaves. It is actually a real point in his performance - more than his assault on Hesso on stage, or Edmund O'Brien, or his death to Shelley Winters. He showed his blind anger. At that moment, it was (for me) a performance worthy of the Oscars. But it is only that moment. I'm glad he got the recognition for this role, but he had to get a consistent performance award. <br /> <br /> His actual performance in Othello's role in Shakespeare is not great, but it is possible. Often, dialogue is allowed to put his tongue into a kind of forced singing (one wonders if this is because of the training of Walter Hampden, who probably knew how to properly handle the role, or react to it). At present, Othello plays the role of an African-American actor rather than a white actor. Paul Robson performed brilliantly in a role that put this new tradition firmly in place. But the three most famous films in this part are Coleman and Orson Welles' in his film about OTHELLO, and Lawrence Olivier in his film about the production of his play by OTHELLO. All three white actors played their part in the black face. The three favorites are Welles, who seems the best. But even watching the beautiful Welles movie version makes me angry that Robeson never put his performance (with Jose Ferrer in the role of Iago) in the film. <br /> <br /> Now the first question - can the actor finish a role? I heard different things about this. Some actors admitted to taking a home role with them from the theater or film set. Others have found a role to be stimulated, and to influence them in a new cause of action with respect to their lives or some aspects of their lives. But in fact I have never heard of anyone turned to murder as a result of a role. It seems like a stolen melodrama idea. <br /> <br /> In fact, it was not a new idea in 1947 with Kokur, Kenen and Gordon. In 1944, "B", BRIGHTON STRANGLER, starring John Lauder, used a similar plot about an actor playing a notorious "Jack the Ripper" type, and began to commit such killings after an accident that affected his mind. There was a previous film in the 1930s, in which actor Othello was jealous of his wife (I think the title was not men, but I'm not sure). But given Coleman's name, his profession, and Cuckour's directing, it's a double life people think when they remember this conspiracy idea. Even the comedy (finally) arrived in an episode of CHEERS, where Diane Chambers helps a former conviction who may have a talent for acting, and put on OTHELLO in the bar, after seeing her with Sam Malone kissing. Only Diane is aware of the personal problem of the former convict, and can not delay production long enough (trying to start a discussion about the history and symbolism of the play). <br /> <br /> The success rate of "DOUBLE LIFE" was first class, and Cukor was as sure as ever. So the film is definitely worth watching. But although Coleman was given a different interesting role, it was not his best job on screen.
