This short two-part television series is not as good as the original version of 1966 but powerful. The original benefited from a large number of things --- everything was black and white, and he had a great jazz degree and was filmed in real locations, including a messy family home that was doomed. This was important because in the book and in the original film, the house is a character in itself. <br /> <br /> This new version was filmed in Canada and I think it is doubling well for Kansas. The story tries to be as sympathetic to Perry as she dared, played by Eric Roberts as a rather reckless man, and his sexuality barely hidden. Roberts does not work well in the end, although it is hard to believe that his copy of Perry Smith will finally explode into a wave of murder. While Robert Blake's film about Smith has left you doubtless that his character Perry Smith was a very dangerous figure. <br /> <br /> Anthony Edwards was excellent, with Dickie Hicktuck the Afowah and finally Dick Dick Hickock. His performance compares well with the role of Scott Wilson in the original film. <br /> <br /> Since this is a longer film, it gives more time to develop the Clutter family and I think the 1996 movie has an advantage. Clutters are just a wonderful family. They have never hurt another spirit and it is inconceivable that such a noble family will be slaughtered in the end in a terrifying way. It still puzzled in my mind that after Clutters had closed in the bathroom, Herb Clutter did not come out of the window so his children could at least escape. This film has thought to happen to him, but it is too late. From what I read about the real house, which still exists, the way the bathroom was made they can open the drawers and collect the door that would force the killers to break into their way. I bought some time for some batons. Why did not try this Clutters, I have no idea. <br /> <br /> The authors of this book will recognize that this film takes many liberties in how to commit crime but not seriously. However, it distracts viewers like me who read a lot about the case. The actors playing the police, led by Sam Neil and Leo Rossi, are uniformly excellent, and much better, I think, as a group, in the original film. They know that to secure their throats around each other's necks, they must get them to confess. The officers come to the interview to the fullest. They have already discovered the possible absence of the false story when going to Fort Scott, and revealed all its repercussions. The officers then allowed Smith & Hickcock to walk in their trap. Hickock is b. The artist who shows that he can convince anyone of anything and the officers allow him to respect the story of his cover. But when they lower the arm, it crashes very quickly. He was filmed and filmed very well and very enjoyable to watch because the viewer must of course hate Hickock in particular at this point, a cowardly man who needs Smith, who was easily manipulated to kill him. It is assumed that Hickock later stated that the real reason for the crime was not to steal money from Clutters but to rape Nancy Clotter. At least they were immune to this deterioration. <br /> <br /> The actors who play in Clutters are very good, Kevin Teggy as Herb Clutter in particular. The story deals sensitively with Mrs. Klater's emotional problems, and clinical depression most likely, and Ms. Clotter shows remarkable internal strength when she strongly asks murderers to leave her daughter alone. I have read that the surviving Cloters' family has been particularly disturbed by the way Bonnie Clotter was portrayed in the book, claiming that it is not true at all. But aside, both killers were linked to the police how Mr. Clotter asked them not to disturb his wife because of her long illness. Capote may be the novel to make Bonnie's character more interesting, but surely the murderers had no reason to portray Ms. Clutter wrongly. Much of the conversation in the book (duplicated in films) is directly opposite the recorded confessions of killers. So it was not logical that Herb would say that and not true.
