I'm from Sweden and I've just watched this movie, and the thing is I thought it was fine. I've seen a lot of bad comments on this subject, but remember that many people who see these small parts are located all over the world, not just in the United States. Also remember that no one heard about the film that was produced in the 1960s and perhaps not in the events (murders). And more ... It can be difficult to find the original movie and if so, there are always people who do not like black / white films. This new sense of color will find his audience. In 12 years now but I saw him for the first time. I will try to find the first one if I can compare them but I have not seen them anywhere in Sweden. Of course, there is the Internet but not for anyone in the world. The thing here is that this is part of the history of American crime and was great in the 1950s and 1960s: in the United States of America only, but in the rest of the world, I think so. Well, they have been told for some time, but after 40 years they will disappear for example, because time passes through Europe. We've had our own problems and crimes, so if someone makes a new copy of the movie and puts it back in the light again, it's not a bad idea at all. A new generation can participate in this terrible story, and even the film about Capote that was introduced a few years ago was a very wonderful film as I think. Will increase interest in events that occurred about 50 years ago and may stop sleep. Now I'm looking for Robert Blake, so it was not bad ... huh? These are my views. Some people will disagree of course but hey ... well. Sometimes there will be fine with remakes made in old movies. Not every time the old ones are good. Filmmaking techniques have evolved a lot and can make the viewer more realistic if they want today. Its always a matter of money of course. There were a lot of films that were produced in the "old days", but there were also missing money, bad directors, etc., and they are re-producing today (after 50 years) and suddenly they are ready to watch. My friend got this box of old classic horror movies and s / f and I can not say I admire what the old days are called. Mostly you're cold and put in the trash straight away. It was so bad that we sat there like a zombie ... we could not move ... like brain death. I can not recommend it to anyone. Some of them I saw remake making and I remember their admiration ... but not the original copies. They were just terribly painful. This is like the old story of who was the best Bond ... Moore or Conrey ... I think if you see Roger Moore first, you may find him trusted or liked ... Thank you and I'm sorry for my English, that's not good. / Lars from Sweden
