I found this family film fun and enjoyable even though I'm not a kid. This depends on the concept of a high school girl, Susan (Elisha Cuthbert) discovers that the elevator in her upper-class housing becomes a time machine when a key is turned on a key chain she got from a blind scientist in the elevator lock. You learn how to control the machine (with some uncertainty about the time of day). <br /> <br /> The movie is not a serious science fiction. You have to ignore the usual paradox of instability associated with changing the past through travel over time, that is, the past has changed to prevent the Walker family from becoming poor, but the change means that the family has never been exposed to financial problems, so Victoria will not tell Susan about the financial problems that Her mother suffered, which means that Susan did not have a reason to change the past in the first place! But otherwise, there are some nice touches in the story, such as the old elevator panel, in the woman's apartment that invented and installs the time machine in secret, and has no space for the lock that activates the feature of the time machine. As with many stories for children, you should also assume that the child will not share amazing information about the travel device over time with a parent or other adult but instead hides the time traveler. <br /> <br /> It also requires ignoring some of the poorly performing scenes and performances that are not inspired by some adult actors. (Child actors Elisha Cuthbert, Gabriel Bonnie, and Matthew Harbor) were all very convincing in their parts.) In a scene in Native Americans in the thirteenth century, Suzanne observed them and watched them. But they are not surprised by the sudden appearance of this blond, white-skinned girl in strange clothes. Their response is simply to stop what they are doing and walk quietly towards Susan. In the same scene, an Indian mother carries what is supposed to be a child, but it is clear that she is a doll (white skin and her head is floundering). <br /> <br /> Timothy Bosfield, the award-winning actor who was originally famous in the movie "Thirty Something" on television, offers a somewhat disinterested, sometimes even frantic performance. At the far extreme, Michelle Peron describes him as an Italian building monitor (guard), as well as Richard Guterres in his role as neighbor neighbor. (The name of the neighbor is Edward Ormondroyd, the name of the author of the novel on which the film is based.) I think these problems may be the cause either of the director or because of a low budget. <br /> <br /> Despite these flaws, I recommend the movie to children. In addition to the interesting story, they also enjoy some educational value, indicating how much of both technical and social standards have changed over just over 100 years.
