Richard Chamberlain is David Burton, a tax lawyer based in Sydney, Australia, where he was summoned to a murder trial defending five indigenous men accused of murdering his original compatriot in The Last Wave, published by Peter Weir in 1977. When Picnic In Hanging Rock, the film explores the exploration of the unknown, and in this process shows the gap between two cultures living side by side but lacking understanding of each other's culture and traditions. Weir shows how white society regards indigenous beliefs as primitive superstitions and believes that because they live in cities and have been "domesticated", their tribal laws and culture no longer apply. <br /> <br /> From the beginning, Burton is drawn deeper and deeper into a strange network of visions and symbols, where the line between real time and "time of dreams" evaporates. Water plays an important symbolic role in the film from the opening series where a sudden thunderstorm intersects a quiet school holiday to discover that Burton's bathtub is overflowing and water pumps its steps. As the violent and unusual weather continues with bouts of black rain and mud falling from the sky, the contradiction between the clear scientific interpretations of this phenomenon and the intuition of the indigenous peoples becomes evident. Burton and his wife Annie (Olivia Hamnett) study books on indigenous people and learn about the role of dreams in tribal traditions. When one of his clients, Chris Lee (David Golbilel), comes home for dinner, he is disturbed to find that it is the subject of an investigation by Chris and his friend Charlie (Ndjewara Amgula), a mysterious Aboriginal magician involved in the charges. As Burton continues his investigation, his clients find it difficult to act by refusing to reveal the real events surrounding the killings. <br /> <br /> After Chris began to appear in his dreams, Burton was convinced that Aboriginal had been killed in a tribal area. Ritual because he "saw a lot", although Chris refuses to admit it in court. "Why did not you tell me there are secrets?" Says Burton, a priest who is his mother's husband, who has become more uneasy than his unseen mystery. This is a legitimate question, but according to holiness, the Church answers all the mysteries. Burton now knows that he must discover the truth for himself and enter the tribal caves underground. Although we do not know for certain what is real and what is a dream, he faces face to face with his deepest fears at the painful climax that will leave you thinking of its meaning in the early hours of the morning. <br /> <br /> In this period of history in which the original Hui and Mian prophecies predicted the "end of history" and purification of the man leading to the fifth world, the last wave, although 25 years old, is still timely. Indigenous people are portrayed as a vibrant culture, not a culture entirely subject to white men, yet I am disturbed by the evil feeling we look at but we do not see it. Weir has opened our eyes to the mystery behind our vision of reality, but perpetuates the dead-end approach that sees possibility only in fear, and shows nature as an uncontrollable dark power without reference to the spiritual beauty that lives on both sides of time.
