John Cassavetes's 1977 film "Opening Night" is what critics often call the work of such an important "neglected" artist. It's an excellent film, in itself, and one of the best images of the midlife crisis ever put forward. It's not an ideal film. In two hours and twenty-four minutes, it takes about half an hour, and there's a lot of focus on the character of the leading personality Myrtle Gordon, played by Gina Rowlands, the wife of Casavit, long after we got this point. But Woody Allen's masterpiece, "Another Woman," starred by Rolands, eleven years later, is the best picture of the inner struggles of an old woman. However, Rolands won the Best Actress Award at the Berlin Film Festival for this picture, and was well worth it. This film, easily written by Cassavetes, is often compared with his previous and lower film, "A Woman Under the Influence," but a false comparison. The character of Rolands in this film is very mentally disturbed from the start, as well as it comes from a blue background, while the characters in this film and in the film Allen are both artists haunted by appearances. In this film, he is the ghost of a dead young woman who can be seen as the younger filmmaker Myrtle, while in Allen, she is the past of her character? Many critics took this film as a picture of an alcoholic, seeing Myrtle surround herself with empowering elements, such as the theater director who tells her, during the opening night, "I've seen a lot of drunks in my time, but I have not seen anyone drunk as I was Can stand. You're great! 'But that's wrong, because alcohol is not its problem and does not smoke a chain. It's just the transformations of anything that really forces it to destroy it, and much of the credit in Casavet, as a storyteller, does not allow us to ever know what is wrong with Myrtle, and despite its arrival in the end, there is no reason to expect it has really solved anything Of consequences. This kind of ending without a decision connects Cassavetes directly to the most aggressive European managers of the recent past, who were comfortable not to reveal everything to the audience, forcing their viewers to participate, even if painful. <br /> <br /> However, the film completely summarizes the effect of a drunk or a fogging fever, and as such, the viewer is once more involved in drama. Whether or not Myrtle Gordon has recovered, the movie world moves away from it, leaving it to each viewer to decide. As we saw before closing this cover, one's choices are important.
