While watching John Cassavetes, on the opening night, I remembered something Quentin Tarantino once said in an interview about the personal experience of being a creator of art or acting. He cited an example, for example, if a dog ran over while on his way to act in a play that would not be the end of his life but would affect him and that he would undoubtedly have to bring that experience with him on stage even if it was a light comedy. "Otherwise," he said, "what do I do?" I could only think of his words when watching the character of Gina Rowland, Myrtle Gordon, who goes through almost a whole week or so through a very similar scenario. There is something more in Cassavetes film, of course, because it revolves around how the theater works around a star actress, and what emotion and human nature mean when looking at a personal play, how one lives when each one lives (like Myrtle Gordon) is the theater. <br /> <br /> Near the beginning of the film, after leaving the show, Myrtle signed on to a signature and a fan named Nancy comes to her favorite star and turns her heart to Myrtle. It is a little moving moment, but it does not last because it has to enter the car (pouring all the rain). Then she watched in horror as the girl who stood next to the car as she drove straight out, was hit by another car in a car accident. She was not sure what had actually happened, but the next day she discovered that the girl had died from the blow. Since then she has been surprised by this even after she thinks she is out of her system. In the beginning, this is shown in small ways, such as when she trains on a scene with her acting colleague (Cassavetes) and does not seem to be affected - she blames him for not having a depth of character. (What does the play lack "hope" As Myrtle says) - but then Nancy begins to appear to her, which seems to be a real Myrtle, until she suddenly disappears. <br /> <br /> Cassavetes, as in previous films, are searched after the meaning of emotion, Feeling about it, or not, and how it affects others around it.This is not entirely new to Rolandz, who has already played a woman On the edge of herself in the movie "Woman Under Influence" (in this case because of alcohol), it will not be a strange land for Kostar Bin Jazara, who just starred in the killing of a Chinese proverb, but actors express everything essential to her characters in every scene ; Cassavetes does not tell them how to move from A to B in a scene, and does not need it.There is a mood in the movie Cassavetes sometimes outperforms the heinous camera work.You know Myrtle, for example, content must be somehow, even if It was not with the plot. But she is inhabited and unhappy with her lack of character and drama depth ("Old age, who goes to see it?" Asks the playwright), and begins to influence her surroundings as well. <br /> <br /> The question quickly becomes, if not the usual. That will make the traditional theatrical conflict "Will you be able to continue on stage, will the show continue?" This is not important for Cassavetes, even if there is, as is the question "Would you be okay?" Perhaps this strenuous play like "The Second Woman" can help her discover her personal demons and lose her grip on reality (Sarah's vision and her attack on outsiders who wonder, what's the hell going on)? Or is the lack of hope in the play straining everything wrong with it? The depths that Rolandz makes by her character are intense and appalling, and this expectation does not mean that it is more boring than a "woman under influence" - if there is anything, it is just as good in this film in being honest with someone in the profession and thus, Absolutely, from Jazzara to Nancy played by Laura Johnson. Cassavetes' answers to his questions are not easy. <br /> <br /> Among the real excitement on the opening night, in addition to seeing great performers performing an amazing program, Cassavette's vision takes the theater the way it follows. We see the play lead - and it seems to be a real play - and we know little about the subject. When we see the actors on the stage performing, we hear and bend between getting involved in what happens in melodrama (disagreement in relationships, affairs, casual slap and domestic violence) and improvising actors. I wondered how much of the actual feedback, and the amount of Kasavit that other actors were allowed to do in the scenes where Myrtle was starting the loop or at its peak, was completely shattered. It's on the stage as well, so it should be right for them to succeed beforehand and leave what happens. <br /> <br /> It's funny, stunning, chilling, and the edge of your seat things, some of the best scenes on the movie that you put in a movie at all, and see the lines between the actor on stage, the actor in the movie, Actor, Blush together wonderfully. The opening night is a powerful drama full of frank talk about death, madness, reality and imagination, where love is between people, and in fact, what is the meaning of "acting"?
