Pauline Kyle once suggested, he did not like it at all, that Casavit did not think of an outlet, but as an actor. To take this comparison further, for me, you never feel that Kasavets directs himself in a film, as if Cassavitt was implanting himself in his own creatures, such as Orson Welles. Cassavetes are as genius as Welles, but much more important than being a real artist (unlike an artist or a speech). This is similar to the intersection between Italian passion (although Cassavetes were actually Greek) and Scandinavian introversion. Never before have the internal demons been physically attacked. <br /> <br /> It's about performance, performance and performance. Like the record of skipping James haunted, it has got the echoes of ghosts everywhere. The Rolands, stunning and almost miraculous, and amazing coming from Cassavits, are associated with the close piano. Who is this dead girl? The metaphysical possibilities are endless, and it is amazing to find these kinds of things in the movie Cassavetes, just a public display of intelligence (there is also little sound at first). But then, he was always smart, never fluttering for easy praise. This is not "adaptation"; here, blending reality, fiction and drama is not the display of intelligence but the show of internal turmoil and the confusion it creates. <br /> <br /> There's a lot going on. The real love when Rolandes salutes her doorman; horror when she hits herself ... The scene the girl talks about how she devoted her life to art and music is one of the most effective demonstrations to understand what it means to be admired by someone. You can see some of this root in the "born star" and borrowed the modovar from him for "All About Mom". I think the end is a bit disappointing because of the laughs, but the preparation for this is almost sick. (You can shoot me, but I think that alcoholism, despite its urgency in many scenes, is a relatively small point about the film.) <br /> <br /> It's a living thing, breathing, and feels like a process: you can go In any direction at any time. Like "Taste of Cherry", we are reminded that "you should not forget that this is just a game." However, it is dangerous: when Rolands says this line, is it a great drama? How will the audience take it? Is it reflective or does it bother? Her (personal) breakdowns are incorporated into the performances, and eventually the film, in a way similar to watching a female James Dean. 10/10
