Yesterday, I went to the antique antiques market that comes monthly to the city. I do not really care about such things, but I went to a fellowship of friends who have such interest. When I looked at hundreds of vendors, I passed a lot of them quickly, spotted someone selling VHS tapes and DVDs. Most of the movies he carried on DVD were fairly recent. The oldest one I noticed was 1940 Cary Grant-Irene Dunne Star Share MY WAVE FAVORITE. But VHS tapes, by their very nature, were mostly old films. I could not resist buying something where it was sold in three bars for $ 10.00. What a deal, as Eddie Murphy used to say. I came across a film I had heard about for years but had never seen before: John Cassavettes's OPENING NIGHT (1977). Well, I certainly wanted to be a fan of Gina Rowlands, and I've heard that this film contains one of her best performances. He also had an object (1968). I have seen this for about 20 years, at a time when I may not have enough life experience to fully appreciate it. I wanted to take advantage of the deal. My other choice was CLAIRE'S KNEE (1970). <br /> <br /> When I got home, I decided to leave the job I was planning to do aside so I could watch the opening night. I felt the full charm of this film. The film focuses on Myrtle Gordon (Gina Rowlands), a famous actress in the theater and screen, who faces personal and professional problems during out-of-town encounters that match her character and the theme of the play in the face of aging. After one rehearsal, she is promoted by wobbly lovers and hunting his signature by crying (and tears) of "I love you! I love you!" A few minutes later, this fan collided with a car and killed. This begins Myrtle's descent into herself, where she must face her own concerns about aging, the future of her career as a mature actress, and the shortcomings she finds in the play itself (written by a much older playwright, Joan Blondell). During the film, you see the dead girl, a clear symbol of her past; drinking almost constantly. He receives sincere support from its director Ben Jazara, producer Paul Stewart, John Cassavits himself, and the playwright. In fact, they are more concerned about how their behavior will affect them and their careers: flipping lines on stage, improvising new lines, generally cracking on stage, and reaching the opening of a completely drunk Broadway. <br /> <br /> This story not only works to address aging issues but also to reinforce Cassavit's discontent with mainstream filmmaking. While watching the film, I was sometimes surprised, confused, humiliated and insulting, but in the end I was involved, pleasant and contented. Cassavettes had a great sense of humor and was very interested in understanding that his audience understood what he was suggesting and wanted them to be emotionally involved in the story. He alludes to EVE using a starving theater fan, so he wears the little girl in a hat and hat similar to those worn by Anne Baxter at the beginning of this film. This hint works more clearly to support the theme of aging, in contrast to older and younger women. He clearly uses contrast as a symbol for Myrtle in the face of her lost youth. At first, I felt that the code was very clear to the TOO, but I then realized that the intention of Cassavettes. He does not want to misunderstand his audience for what he gets; if they do, they will interfere with their emotional involvement. This young ghost stalks Myrtle and attacks it and wants to destroy it. Myrtle "kills" her in the end, but before she can reconcile with herself and play, she must reach the bottom (another metaphorical death?). So Cassavettes make her so drunk that she can not walk and must crawl into her dressing room the night the play opens on Broadway. It helps to re-energize itself (helping yourself in such situations is also important to the subject of the film) and make the play successful by delivering great performance and changing the direction of play for the best through improvisation to contain some ray of hope the personality of aging it plays. These scenes are funny and interesting. Cassavettes and Rowlands actually played in front of live audiences, who did not know they would become part of a movie. The play they perform also contrasts: they are dominant and serious about the problems they are dealing with, that is, until Myrtle changes them. Thus, it also improves the work of the stars involved. The natural evolution of interaction (achieved through improvisation) among humans, self-realism, and global truth - these were Cassavettes' concerns in filmmaking. <br /> <br /> Jenna Rowlands is amazing all the time. Of course, she has this great face, and Cassavettes (known for her love with her throughout their marriage) treat many of his close friends so that we can also feel her feelings and know what goes on inside her. It makes you much interested in this character who wants to see her work on her way out of this crisis of spirit. This is what draws your attention for 2 hours and 30 minutes run time. The film is intentionally shown at times and requires constant attention, but anyone interested in making a good film and acting will be rewarded. Someone else said that this is a movie for people who love movies. All others are warned. <br /> <br /> Look for the opening night if you have not seen it before. Everyone in it is excellent and is one of the best Cassavettes movies.
