**** **** <br /> <br /> Yes! Wearing to kill is the kind of film. It's like California, but it's different. remember? This 1993 film which starred Brad Pitt as the killer of the series "Welcome" by two travelers on a trip to California as a friend might be a good company along the way. When I watch a film, I always like to know absolutely nothing about the chart, before watching it, because the surprises may get colder. So was the case with California. When I saw him last year for the first time, I never realized that it was a suspicious film, so when I found out, I was shocked, and when the movie continued and it continued, it was better and I was on the edge of my seat, kissing my screen. So, we're discussing about Dressed To Kill, right? Before I watch this film (today!), I have only seen two other films from Brian de Palma, so I can say that I do not know his works very well, but I can tell from afar that these two films were as big to me as they could be. Curry (1976) Mission: Impossible (1996). When I watched Carrie on TV, I desperately needed to get a DVD copy and I can say: This movie is awesome! Mission: Also impossible. Today, I watched a third film from DePalma. <br /> <br /> Well, Dressed To Kill is a movie like California. When the movie continues, it is quite different from what you expect. I was watching, with great curiosity, the scene of the museum, where Dickinson follows the mysterious man in his car and ends up in a room in an apartment. You may guess what has happened there. But when the film reached the elevator scene, the film went completely in a different path. I was watching the rest of the movie, and I really liked it. However, there are some low points ... Some characters in the movie completely silent! Take, for example, the mysterious man from the museum scene. I always hope to say something but he did not! This was completely ridiculous and was undoubtedly something that made me change my mind by not accepting this film as almost a masterpiece. Even in the taxi scene, where Dickinson tries to apologize for what happened in the museum, the man grabbed it completely silent, pulled it inside the cab, and began to kiss each other. As you know, she reminded me of the 1970s Mexican television series "El Chavo Del 8", where some characters are completely silent. Beyond these low points of the film, it is actually a wonderful movie, given the thrill, characters and plot. Dennis Franz cool like detective Marino! Reminded me of him as Captain Carmine Lorenzo in Die Hard 2 (1990) where he plays almost the same kind of characters. <br /> <br /> Well, when you finish this review, the end of "Dressed To Kill" is the same ending as it is in Curry! I do not know if I really love it, because I hate imitation! I understand that Carrie is a movie of DePalma, so it is not a tradition, because after all it was his idea! But it turned into a recurring idea in Dressed To Kill, so DePalma could have done something different instead of showing Nancy Allen wake up from a bad dream in the same way that Amy Irving does in the Carrie finish scene. This was, of course, undoubtedly another low point. But if you go beyond this, you'll find that Dressed To Kill is a really good movie, and I assure you that it's not a waste of time in any way to watch it.
