I just finished watching Dressed to Kill, written and directed by Brian de Palma. Both the "R" version of the workbook and the version were not classified. You choose the ungraded version. Since I have not seen the rating "R" version, I can not be quite sure of the difference. However, there is female nudity, including a scene of expressive self-gratification in this version. I think you can summon this scene in a soft way. This kind of thing might offend you, I would suggest you watch the "R" codified version. But I go on. Any comment from here refers to the unrated version. This mysterious mystery / horror movie / suspense myself. It is very little violence and blood. However, there is one sequence of death of the note. The act of killing itself is a fairly graphic one. Whatever blood does not seem real to itself, it reminds us of what a slow seventies movie will look like. I think that this is intended to compensate for the violence of the act itself, to give the scene if you feel the budget. Most of the violence, or rather the possibility of it, is implicit. The film is very good. As far as I can tell every scene has a purpose, which I find very rare compared to many of today's movies. Anyway, I also thought that acting was good, especially Angie Dickinson. Mikel was turning in his performance which was quietly in his role, and he worked brilliantly in this case. The film also contains one wonderful twist, in my opinion, although some people may find it predictable. The only complaint (actually more than a note) is that I thought Nancy Allen's personality could have been more incarnate, especially since she had a fair amount of screen time. I think it does a good job with what you give it. This does not really take away the quality of the film. The film also has a strong moral to it, which is more important today. But the film does not hit you upside down. I really liked the musical score, composed by Pino Dinaggioi and felt like it was quite similar to the music in Psycho. For me, this music has really raised the level of the film. I think this movie was fantastic. For me, wearing Dressed to Kill (1980) 10/10
