May contain two minor spoilers. <br /> <br /> The movie "Dressed to Kill", which he just watched for the first time the other day, is a film that has some great serials, some decent shows, and a nice, if obvious, ripoff from Ritchoff, . They are very bad things, quite obvious, that prevent them from being classic. <br /> <br /> Dressed to Kill deals with a killer puzzle that killed at least two women (it could have been more than that but the movie never tells us), and the search for the killer by three people: a clever child was his mother a victim, A live prostitute is the only person who can identify the killer, and a psychiatrist whose patient was the mother of a sensible child. There are a host of good performances including Nancy Allen as a prostitute Liz and Angie Dickinson as a sexually frustrated victim Kate Miller, and Michelle Caen as Dr. Robert Elliott who disappeared more than meets the eye; although no standard is anyone really cool. On the other hand, Dennis Franz, who was later a wonderful character on the same lines in The New York Times Blue, is embarrassed as a ruthless and ruthless investigator, although it does not take long on screen so the film does not hurt much. Keith Gordon, a brainchild, is decent, but he is so semi-intelligent that he is really unbelievable. <br /> <br /> The most disturbing part of the film is the tense sequences. The scene with the sexually depressing mother in the museum dominates the best, as well as the subsequent sequence that leads to her premature death. I also like the sequence in the doctor's office, which reveals the identity of the killer, making the entire film simultaneously collected. A split screen scene I thought was almost classic. There is still another position when Liz is in a train, departing from what might be deadly, which is taken in directions should never be with almost embarrassing ethnic stereotypes. As an excitement it is tense and often believable. As a criminal drama often stumbles, especially with the ridiculous absurd interpretation of everything that happened in the end. There is also an unnecessary dream sequence, too long, in the end, where they had the audacity to shoot someone's foot seemingly minutes at a time. This was an up and down experience. One scene would catch me from the heart and mind with the temptation, and the next scene will make me press and ask why. In more than 100 minutes, this could have been less than 90 years and had a better film. <br /> <br /> Fans of horror movies like this. Still stands as a better film than most bright clicks today. It may have been a better film in time, but after watching it recently, I can say that I enjoy it, and it is worth watching only the three favorite viewers.
