"Dressed to Kill" begins with Angie Dickinson, who has a clear nightmare. Later that day she visits psychiatrist Dr. Michael Caine in a session where she recognizes sexual frustration and has not achieved a marriage in her present state. Kate visits a museum and picks up a stranger, and they return to his apartment for informal sex. When she is finished, Kate is set to leave but was attacked and killed in a building elevator with a razor blade used by a blonde woman. Lizzie Blake (Nancy Allen) discovers the horrible scene and sees the killer but manages to escape. Investigator Marino (Dennis Franz) says he suspects Liz is the murderer because there are no other witnesses, so Liz co-works with Kate's son, Keith Gordon, to track down the real killer, cancel Liz's name and see that justice has been done. <br /> <br /> Written and directed by Brian de Palma, I thought "wearing to kill" was a good and excellent mystery to kill myself. The script is sometimes measured and slowed down, but it is best to focus on the character until you really know it. For the first 20 minutes Kate develops as a character before she is suddenly killed, and then the film turns her attention to Liz & no one else gets a look. This method is very absorbent and attractive, unfortunately the character itself is not quite likable. I've found some funny dialogue at times, especially the dirty talk that Liz occasionally executes. The fatal motives are fairly reasonable but I think you should be very reluctant to do anything suggested in Dressed to Kill. It's a good film, but it did not make me much interested and I did not find any radical character. The film spins at the end unnecessary and unnecessary, I did not really see her point of view. <br /> <br /> Director De Palma manages the taste and visual elegance, from the art museum sequence to chasing cars and as the whole it is filmed accurately throughout. I imagine that every shot in the movie Dressed to Kill had a great deal of thought. I felt that the film was a little flat and sometimes uninspiring, but nothing about it raised me much. There is a fair amount of nudity, some sex and rape along with a few pieces of violence and violence, and Kate was killed with a razor blade in the elevator being the most prominent, if that is the right word. However, they are not shocking or controversial in any way when viewed today as many think. <br /> <br /> With an assumed budget of about $ 6,500,000, "Wearing to Kill" is wearing this bright, high-value Hollywood sensation. New York sites are fantastic, and cinematography is good, which is very good. I thought the music was inappropriate and was far from sound and meditative. The acting was fine but despite his high bills I did not think that Caen had a lot of screen time. She was married to director De Palma at the time he made Dressed to Kill, and it is interesting that out of the four films that De Palma appeared in two of them, this was Blow Out (1981), filmed as a prostitute. Double to Dickinson's body she pleases herself in the bathroom at first. <br /> <br /> Dressed to Kill is a thrilling story to watch but I did not think it lived a noble reputation. Good but not glossy
