Dressed to Kill, conceptually, was a kind of melee when it was first released in 1980: You had "Police Girl" in an erotic role, where Angie Dicknson played a frustrating housewife looking for good times in all the wrong museums There are in the elevator elevators), in addition to Nancy Allen as a call girl, and Michael Kane as Norman Bates's cousin in New York, and enough pictures to accommodate two films of this period. Today, it is less rigorous by standards and, even though the consolidated version contains some of the most "hot" content in any De Palma film, at least in the quasi-author period of the 1970s and early 1980s, Ideas taken directly off film reels from Hitchcock classics are given violent. It's a simple story that one of them has already seen at Sisters, then again fairly in Body Double, and in Blow Out. She plays the role of the alleged girl Liz Blake, who has to remove her name on suspicion of killing Kate (Dickinson, in a "full blown" MILF), after being found using a shaver, the murder weapon from Dr. Elliot's office (Michael Kane) Performance is prominent most of the time). <br /> <br /> From the beginning, De Palma seems to do it as a way to set up a dangerous scene of sexual imagination as a way to lead the opening scene of Carrie (which he may only do in terms of editing terms). We get a series of technical tax exercises from the same style perspective : Trace footage in the museum, which aims to provoke more dazzle by the same process, from followers and the desire to follow them, from any kind of tension; the chase across the Metro (an introduction to the Carletto Road) is carried out with a delicate level of suspense, at the same time, with a little The exploitation that is being waged with the black gang; the character of Peter, the son of Kate (Keith Gordon), who j Played a fundamental role smaller than the real life de Palma as a child (a science obsessed, obsessed with Hitchcock and voyeurism). The whole thing is fun and appealing as something close to the real synthesis of what makes De Palma's novels unique while being self-conscious by taking a fearful attitude towards filmmaking. <br /> <br /> On the other hand, this self-consciousness itself ended up biting the director in Butt several times in recent years, and somehow in the film Dressed to Kill, it has become irregular and disappointing because the story must end itself. Because Psycho subjects are more clearly gathered (the guy who wants to change sex, does not think he is being killed as she is), there's a scene at the police station that makes the above-mentioned film seem like a stunning psychological revelation. The final scenes at Peter's house, which also painfully invites to remember a more complete sequence in Carrie, aim to manipulate even for Palma de la Requiem; the last shot is private, though a master's degree in how to copy yourself. However, there is a very chaotic scene, and inside it, a perfect scene in the mental hospital amidst this confused confusion, where the doctor does some work on a nurse, where all other prisoners behave like animals in a zoo, and the head above the shot that climbs up and up the scene is One of the best shots about the sexual / public perversion that was captured in the film. <br /> <br /> It is a shame that the film ends in this strange and disturbing way, as it reaches a wonderful piece of pulp cinema, where the separation in the technical aspects (soft lighting, complex camera movements that look very simple) Find it in a mix of paperback cover for 25 cents. It's not a masterpiece, but I'm sure I'll catch most of the director's latest thriller.
