In France, he is considered polite by French critics of culture to a seemingly coherent series of films by Brian de Palma behind him. However, a good proportion of his films have been hit by devastating influences, "Carrie" (1976), "The Rage" (1978), "Scarface" (1983) without mentioning his Hitchcock borrowers. Here, in "Dressed to Kill", it is impossible not to think of "Vertigo" (1958) for the long sequence in the museum while the main moment in the elevator makes it inevitable to think in the sequence of shower selections in "Psycho" (1960). About our film, I do not want to revive the old debate: Did De Palma Hitchcock rip? Instead, I tend to be a vine and classify "Dressed to Kill" in the category of winners of De Palma along with "Sisters" (1973) and "Obsession" (1976). But with some reservations, they are the ones I mentioned earlier that feed the melee between De Palma's fans and his critics. <br /> <br /> If there is one thing certain about "Dressed to Kill" that can give rise to general agreement among film lovers, it is De Palma's skill at directing. He used his camera just as a film expert is supposed to do. Its sophisticated camera intelligently nourishes the thrill that requires increased tension and a disturbing aura. It is easily pasted in front of the screen. This was helped by the use of several long silent chains in which everything depends on appearance and gestures. By the way, in the film "Psycho", there were also long silent and disturbing parts ... <br /> <br /> But the main drawback of De Palma's 1980 film is that the quality of the plot can not be found willingly and there seems to be a rework For many fine and subtle ingredients related to countless murder stories. The prostitute is the only witness to the crime. Then, the police suspect and have to act on their own (with little help from the son of the victim from the scene in the metro and beyond) to track the killer and prove her innocence. Apart from the fact that De Palma uses some kind of characters that are not disposed of at all, they are a list emitted by the smell of heating. The director ends his film on a sequence chanted by the opening. Yes, it was beautifully filmed, but when a person discovers his real job, there is one character: "It's almost gratuitous stuffing." Perhaps Palma wanted to extend his film for more than an hour and a half when the viewer knew at this time (and even before) who the killer was. <br /> <br /> The two main texts in the De Palma collection appear to depend on manipulation and snooping. The last feature is well in the movie "Dressed to Kill" from scene one onward, making the film look like a soft porn movie. The director is not afraid to imagine his main actor and wife Nancy Allen in her underwear. I find his approach on this subject somewhat questionable. But the first sequence was probably conceived as a mirror for the viewer and Palma wanted to stir his annoying Tom side. <br /> <br /> I do not want to insult all the works of Palma. His outstanding work in directing, which requires a continuous treatment of the film, recalls the global weakness of the story and its dubious aspects. Twenty-six years later, the controversy he raised among filmgoers was not ready to calm down.
