Kate Miller (Angie Dickinson) faces problems in her marriage and so on - enough to see a psychiatrist. When mixed up in trouble, it also includes a passerby, Les Blake (Nancy Allen), who concludes the investigation to discover the identity of a psychic killer. <br /> <br /> Clothes kill a bit. Historically important. It is one of the earlier examples of the contemporary thrill style that contains extensions as of this writing through Hide and Seek (2005). It is therefore strange that director Brian de Palma was essentially trying to calm Hitchcock. For example, De Palma literally raises parts of Vertigo (1958) to the scene of the Museum of Fame. Dressed in shower scenes Kiel, as well as the villain and the manner of death have similarities with psychological (1960). De Palma also employs an outstanding degree with repeated motifs in the style of the favorite composer of Hitchcock Bernard Herman. The similarities do not end there. <br /> <br /> But de Palma, whether by accident or skill, is able to make an oblique shift from his influence, or perhaps surpass it, by wearing Dressed to Kill the position, structure and flow that was influential. Partly because of this effect, Dressed to Kill also has profound flaws when presented at this time. A number of subsequent filmmakers, like Hitchcock, have taken over and sharpened each other, improving almost every element. Now, after 25 years of dramatic excitement, it seems that much of the film "Dressed to Kill" is moving too painfully, , And fails to influence. <br /> <br /> One aspect of the movie that has not been improved, unfortunately, is the violent sex and dry scenes of Dressed to Kill. Dickinson and Allen treat us with full frontal nudity (Deleter's angle), De Palma's long shots of Dickinson's breasts, strong implicit masturbation, and more carnal sex scenes than those usually found in contemporary films. Very few of the basic pornographic approach scenes. I'm not a fan of caution - quite the opposite. The position of our rigid, monolithic culture, protected against sex and nudity, bothers me. So, from my point of view, it's unfortunate that the focus of "Dressed to Kill" on flesh and pleasures is one of the few aspects that others did not follow strongly or did not say about the film. This may have been required, but they were not allowed to follow up because of the cultural controls of conservative stuffed shirts. <br /> <br /> De Palma's direction of cinema and the staging of some scenes is also good enough that it is difficult to do something the same way better than de Palma. It has a peculiar and distinctive approach to close-ups, and has many interesting angles, such as the top views and similar tracing of James Will through the distant sections of the collections. Of course, the directors were later brighter, but it's hard to say they were the best. Due to the skill of filmmaking, at least, the museum scene is remarkable for its ability to build a very subtle strain on a gloved glove and a look or two while following Kate through intricate interlocking cubes at the Metropolitan Museum of Art. <br /> <br /> On the other hand, from a point of view interested in the story, especially if one expects to watch an exciting film, everything through the museum scene and beyond may seem a bit slow and very silly. Because of his removal from the main genre of the film and his primary interest in the effects of the film (as well as the cultural facts outside the film), the opening seems like an entirely unfinished attempt to tickle and wake up. Once the first murder occurs, things get better, but because of the final effect of the film, it seems that much of the improvement is now a little cliché and sometimes a reckless one. <br /> <br /> The performance is mostly good, although Michael Kane is not heavily used, and Dickinson should get out sooner than we would like (but the exit is necessary and very effective). Dressed to Kill is likely to hang your attention at least until the end, but due to the facts not included in the picture itself, it has not progressed well. At this stage, it may be best to see the film primarily as a historical and an example - but not the best, even in that era - for some taste director for the director of Palma.
