I just finished watching The Groove Tube that I first saw about 23 years ago when I was a teenager going my way away from my sleep while watching HBO with my brother and his best friend. We also saw Animal House just before, so we saw two films that were starred in SNL and had some bare breasts. Good thing our parents were sleeping all the time! Anyway, there were a lot of strange and ridiculous things in this film which were visible openings like the 25 Brown series of commercial Uranus Industries ("with the taste of beef stew" the broadcaster says because it seems that human feces come out of a white tube. Or the face of the doll talking about the VD (Scrotum with small rod with adhesive eyes on it). Chevy Chase and Richard Belzer made their first feature film here. Chase Farhan Whether he is doing a gratin with a naked woman, practicing his sex with "Let Fingers Do It", or singing "Four Leaf Clover" with writer / director Ken Shapiro knocks his hands on his head. Belzer collaborates with Shapiro in "The Dealers" and "Channel One Evening News," with one brutality with Belzer as a black bitch trying to fool Ken, who plays with Lionel here. "Lionel, it looks like a train I'll ride like Zhu Zhu!" Of the other obscene bits "The Koko Show" with Shipiro as a clown show host for children, after "People over the age of 10" ordered to leave the room, reading requests from viewers like "Fanny Hill" clips! Or what about the Olympic part with a German couple who announce love by two men (one Hispanic) as shown by "Please Stand By" continues to boycott the screen! Or the moving part on "The Dealers" which depicts the dance toilets after eating Shapiro some marijuana! Not everything is very dirty. In addition to the play "Four Leaf Clover", in the end there is a very interesting track, where Ken synchronizes his recording of "Just You, Just Me" while dancing with clothes and bags all over the city with a cop sometimes (shared) writer Lynn Sarason join him . So, in short, this strange and funny film seemed to affect other films like Tunnelvision, Kentucky Fried Movie and perhaps Saturday Night Live (which made Chevy's first star this show), and despite some dated elements, it is still amused today. While I was listening to the song "Move On Up" by Kurtz Mayfield during the gorilla dance sequence, I was wondering what was the point with the quick park sequence and the woman who picked it up, and made them run off the car, hopping to escape, The policeman who stopped on the road. I think it's one of those amazing seventies things ...
