You know what they're saying about the 1970s ... if you can remember that you were not there. One of the few things I remember in the 1970s was the first social satire in Hippie and Hork as it appears from the perspective of "fighting the earth." The Groove Tube. If the joke seems faint or undesirable to some viewers now, it may be because a lot has happened in the past 30 years and comedy is no longer "new" ... but hey! When this film was released, it was the first film ... Some of these works were performed for the first time ... At a time when Nixon was in power, the Vietnam War was raging, and the sexual revolution was in full swing. It was. Edgar Hoover is still in charge of the FBI. This film was created before the Watergate eruption, and therefore was one of the first to exercise great activity in the enterprise ... to entertain him and the hippies at the same time. Frankly, some plays are still funny. If you like Cheech and Chong "Up In Smoke" .. you will love this movie. <br /> <br /> If you want to know what it really was like in the seventies .. Check out Groove Tube .. If you liked the Oscar-winning "Network" since about the same year and thought it was right in its wild form TV, and you will dig Groove Tube ... which captures a subject but plays from the perspective of the viewers .. Young viewers who were closing TV for other entertainment .... We grew up on Ozzie & Harriet "Leave it to Beaver", the father knows Better, my three sons .. Happy days ... Imagine that our joy when those of us who have tried new lifestyles see a send from the box as shown by the c Of our! The commercials by Uranus alone are priceless .. "Good things come from Uranus" .... The sudden break from straight film to Fritz-style animation when the herb hyponatics still remains one of the best chains in the sanity of reason I have seen. the movie. <br /> <br /> If you like fried Kentucky, you'll love this movie. If you have ever wondered why his strange uncle Harold still shines in his eyes when he thinks of going back to college, this film will be perfect for watching. <br /> <br /> ..a souvenir of the age ... and a rude little movie that would help all of us who forgot the seventies to remember them again.
