"Once upon a time there was a charming land called France ... People were happy at that time, women were easy and men were sneaking into their favorite hobby: war, the only entertainment for kings that people could enjoy." The war in question was the seven-year war. When the bodies of more soldiers were observed, recruits were sent to the ranks. <br /> <br /> Vanván (Gerard Philippe), in which a peasant's daughter was caught in a pile of hay, fled from marriage by enlisting in the Qitani regiment ... but only by first believing his future as the Gypsies had predicted , That he will win fame and fortune in the form of His Majesty the King will marry the King's daughter. Unfortunately, Adeline (Gina Lolobrgida) is not a gypsy but the daughter of sergeant recruitment regiment. <br /> <br /> When Fanfan ships away from recruits, Saber is at hand to rescue the chariot under attack, which must be at home but Marquise du Pompadour and ... the daughter of the king. He is now convinced that he will marry high, although the very low jerseys worn by Adeline. She, in turn, will soon discover her love for an artist. We are in the midst of an indecent film about the fate of Fanfan, Rebald's adventures of the sly and rogue sword. There are cases of escape from hanging, sword fencing on the tile surfaces, failed battles, romantic escape, and more delightful deterrence than you imagine. What Vennen lacks in Polish is replaced by ambiguity and enthusiasm. He is a fast-paced and quick-talking dancer, but with this naive faith in his fate and optimism, how can we not love him? <br /> <br /> Gerard Philippe was a representative and screenwriter on the stage (which François Truffaut was always ignoring in the pages of Cahiers du Cinema). He did most of his own stunts. He was handsome, athletic, graceful and attractive. The men were impressed by it and the women dreamed of it. He died at the age of 36 after seven years of liver cancer. All France is sad. Gina Lobrgida in the role of Adeline. These are not the low blouses you are working on. She is sharp and emotional and not completely innocent and does not fool anyone. <br /> <br /> Fanfan la Tulipe sings with an endless cynical movement, pointed stances and good nature. Not to mention amusing, terrible dialogue. After Adeline has taken steps to save Fanfan from hanging, the king meets at his own headquarters. "Give me your very small hand," he says. "But my heart belongs to Vfan," Adeline says. "Who asks for your heart?" "All I ask is a little pleasure," says the king. "I'm a suitable girl," says Adeline. The king says, "You owe your appreciation, you love Vonvan, then thank me, and I am tempted to show the greatest evidence of your love, by betraying him for the allegiance to which I swore." Now these are smart and funny things. <br /> <br /> Jean-Luc Godard, François Truffaut and the rest of the New Wave gang tended to hate popular films as mere entertainment (and they customized their attacks). An artist with no direction and director Christian Jacques was among the main goals. Perhaps they missed Fanfan, a very funny satire about tampering with armies and war. How much better it would have seemed to be making films of anxiety that only his colleagues could appreciate. Thankfully, some of them, Truffaut and Chabrol, for example, have overcome this childish condescension and have come to realize that a good film is a good film, whether the fans love it or just cognoscenti. Any intelligent person enjoying movies can appreciate anything, if the films are well-made. Those who give up a film that depends on the degree of popularity are self-humiliating like those who boast that they never read Harry Potter. <br /> <br /> Jean-Luc Godard, eat your heart. Viva Fanfan!
