This is the last four vampires from France that you have selected to watch during the Christmas season this year: the others (in order of view) were the Untitled Lavender (1964; from the same director but not nearly as good), surprisingly effective LADY Oscar (1979; Originated as a Japanese manga!) And the brilliant CARTOUCHE (1962). In fact, I saw this not long ago on Italian television late at night, and I remember that I did not move in particular, so I was really surprised to the extent that I enjoyed this time (considering also the puzzling lack) of the enthusiasm shown towards the film here And elsewhere when it was first announced as a forthcoming DVD version of Criterion). <br /> <br /> By the way, FANFAN LA TULIPE has a bit with the aforementioned CARTOUCHE: not only cast and crew members (producers George Dancigers, Alexander Mnouchkine, cinematographer Christian Matras, actor Noel Roquert) but the wisdom plot as well? In fact, the hero is a female soldier (Jean Paul Polmondo Cartos was also a short military mascot) was loved by a flaming girl (in this case, Gypsy Gina Lolobrgida) while he is obsessed with impossible love (here, nothing but the daughter of the king)! As in the following film, also, Vanfane (the ideal actor of Gerard Philippe who, paradoxically, is so full of life here that one finds it difficult to imagine that he has cancer within seven years) is the man who loves cowardice and fun (one of them is actually his top officer and father of the heroine) ) And opposed the unscrupulous character within his ranks (Roquert Aging, who co-hero with him in the end in a duel on the roof because he also sentimental designs on the Roma girl)! For recording, Lollobrigida will join Phillip in her next film, The Wonderful Romance Fantasy of René LES BELLES DE NUIT (1952). <br /> <br /> FANFAN proved to be a great success at the box office at home and even won the best (but deserved) best director award at the Cannes Film Festival in more famous films such as AN American IN Paris (1951), DETECTIVE STORY 1951), OTHELLO, UMBERTO D. and VIVA ZAPATA! In fact, its popularity ensured that it was re-released in a computer-colored version (presumably benefiting viewers who would not touch the product in black and white with a 10-foot pole). The standard DVD itself contains a sample of this alternative; as a foreign language title, It has a dubbed soundtrack in English, but even if it proves to be not particularly painful in thinking, when everything is said and done, there is no substitute for the original! <br /> <br /> FANFAN LA TULIPE (a title called the hero by the famous Genevieve Page) contains about a comedy like movement and romance (expected); while some may find this overwhelming, except I do not agree with myself because I enjoyed the sarcastic novel sharply, and in general, this combination is similar to the story of Jerzy Skolimovsky equal to the adventures of Gerrard (1970). However, the sword fencing here is remarkably strong for a fundamentally immersed institution (especially a quarrel in the forest and a wine cellar) and the film itself is sometimes quite adult (with many hints of sexuality as well as coarse language that has been adopted throughout Time) when seen directly with the classic Hollywood fare as it did now; the peak, then is very creative: the enemy forces (used to speak in speeding words!) Are drained by the heroic trio alone, much to the astonishment of the King who, as portrayed by Marcel Hirand ?? His role as the leader of Parisian criminologist was known in Marcel Carney for the Children of Paradise (1945)? It is the same thing failed. <br /> <br /> P.S. An Italian television channel has been threatening to test the Christian-Jacques thriller for savings for months now, but although it has already been programmed three times (with an initial fourth channel scheduled for next week), it has yet to show it; From his film in the unregulated VHS stack (the same as late Italian nighttime TV shows): the three-hour LA LA CHARTREUSE DE PARME (1948; starring also Gerrard Philippe), THE TWIN (1967) and the Legend of King France (1971; with Brigitte Bardot and Claudia Cardinal).
