One of the greatest Westerners of all time! But this, unlike many others, does not deal with nature, horses, shooting, etc., but instead deals with one rifle, Winchester '73, how this gun affects others and how it affects them. Gun is not a living, breathing, human, right? You may tend to believe that it is not. But she seems to have a mind of her own, for two very similar reasons: she returns to her rightful owner in the end, although her "owners" are mindless all the rest of the picture are doing their best to make sure it does not seem so, The original owner, so by chance, the uneducated "owners" seem to lose him in some way or are killed while trying to protect him and keep him, until he returns to James Stewart, then "content." But, not every one of the owners deserves to get it. Stuart does, of course, because he won it. McNally did not, because he had to be a dirty thief and steal it. Drake certainly does not, because he might lose them in poker. Besides, Drake is too cowardly to fight, so why should he have a unique rifle if he does not use it? Periodically he does not do that, because he is just a laugh obsessed, and we all know that the crazy people of laughter do not deserve weapons. This film has a kind of edge that only Westerners can enjoy, such as the Ox-Bow episode. Westerners have their own genre of nuier, much different from Bogart's thirty-four films. It is the best application among the five Westerners at Stuart Mann, although my favorite is "Bend of the River". The other four became much different from this one. I do not think it is a coincidence to see that the other four were a color, this is black and white. This is because of the Nuer edge. All five films have enjoyed revenge and the dark past of Stuart's film, so much so that this is not just Stuart's dark side, but also actually a kind of character, not one person included in credits, but you can only know and know that he exists, always present. However, this person, not only for revenge and dark past, but also in terms of the highest danger, the characters that were completely different from Stewart make it outperform the other four in all aspects. But Stuart does not cross the line. It is, however, walking the dividing line between light and darkness. This is why black and white played an integral part of the film. They could all be white and black, or they could all be a color. But this color is black and white, and the other four are in color, and there is a good reason for it.
