A new creative team emerged in 1950 when the great actor James Stewart collaborated with the great director Anthony Mann to create a series of Westerners who helped define this genre for the future. Until that time, Stuart was referred mainly to AW..aw..aw approach towards family comedy, drama, and romance. Not that he was not already a multi-talented Hollywood star. One of his best performances ever and one of the best performances for anyone on the celluloid was the role of McCallay Mike Connor, a cynical writer in the film "The Story of Philadelphia". The West has done even before. His shooting of firearms helped shyly after shooting the expert Thomas Jefferson Distillery Jr. in the western comedy film Destry Rides Again, which helped make the film a classic. But for most moviegoers, Mr. Smith or George Bailey was from all American counties. There was seldom a dark side to any of the characters he played. <br /> <br /> Anthony Mann has been linked to B clicks in the Noir mode of the movie. The "Raw Deal", "Side Street" and "T-Men" caught the attention of James Stewart. So the talented men gathered their resources to produce some of the greatest westerners in Hollywood. "Winchester '73" and "The Man from Laramie" were the best but the others were almost effective. Mann became a successful director of "A" as a result of directing what some critics believe to be the greatest Westerners of them all, "West Man" Gary Cooper. Stuart has become wonderfully rich as a result of the partnership because he signed part of the royalties for a fraction of the salary he normally paid, a wise move that has already been followed by many other representatives since then. <br /> <br /> Winchester '73 was also one of the first, perhaps first, movies to tell a story from the point of view of a moving gun. Each owner is part of the story being told, and all meets in a dramatic confrontation at the end of the film, which also carries a surprise to the viewer. Based on a story written by Stuart Lake, the story revolves around revenge and ownership of Winchester '73. 1876. Custer and his seven horsemen were eliminated by Sioux and Xian at Little Big Horn. The whites want revenge. Native Americans want their land and way of life. This conflict leads to a confrontation between the original Americas led by Young Paul (the young Rock Hudson, who displays his potential as an actor) and the small cavalry group hanging in the valley, joined by civilians Lynn McAdam (Stewart) and his partner and lifelong pal High Spade (actor Millard Mitchell) They try to find themselves, Steve Miller (Charles Drake) and Lola Manners (Shelley Winters), a dirty dove with a nice heart. Among the new horsemen are Tony Curtis and James Best (the late "Dukas Hazard"), part of which was cut by a bullet. <br /> <br /> White Irp was in Dodge City in 1876. The film has his chief Marshal. The beautiful actress Will Geer (later from Waltons) looks like an older Earp. In fact, White was an assistant to Marshal at Dodge at the time, cutting his teeth off from being a law man. Lynn Mac Adam wins the Winchester award in a shooting competition, but he did not take it long afterwards by Dutchman Henry Brown (Steven McNally) and his followers. Both McAdam and High Spade follow Henry and Winchester in the remainder of the film. A more sinister character appears along the way: Waco Johnnie Dean, who played the role of villain by Dan Duryea, who threatens to steal the show from other members of a star team. <br /> <br /> Winchester passes through several hands during the film, each time the transport is intense. One involves a defender played to perfection by John McIntyre. Other tradeoffs overlap with the above scenario. All this in addition to the movement makes the viewer attached to the seat throughout the entire show. <br /> <br /> As mentioned above, actors are first classified into the smallest role. Look for other familiar faces in unsupported parts, including the future mayor of "Bonanza" Ray Teal and the reliable Western Panhandle Perkins (Guy Wilkerson).
