In 1942, TALES OF MANHATTAN reported a collection of stories that were essentially unrelated, but tied with a men's evening suit. Each story began when "tails" were passed from one owner (Charles Boer, for example) to another (Caesar Romero). WINCHESTER '73, excellent film, great Western, has a similar plot development. First of all, it's how Jimmy Stewart looks for Stephen (Horace) McMahon for some deadly hatred. But during the film the two men entered the shooting competition, the prize (awarded by Marshall White Earp - Will Gear) was one of the new Winchester rifles. Stuart hardly beats McMahon, but the gun was stolen from Stewart, and the chase is on. <br /> <br /> Venice passes from one hand to another, including John McIntyre (as a smug trader who does not know when to stop arrogance), to Rock Hudson (in a sudden role - and a short role in it), to Charles Drake, to Dan Periodically (like Waco Johnny Dean is a killer and cheerful), for McMahon. In the end, back to Stuart. <br /> <br /> The movie is directed by Anthony Mann. Each character has a wide range of experiences. Doriaea literally gets a gun on Drake's body (Duryea imposes the case). But he loses it to McMahon, who is faster in the draw - and not that periodically stupid enough to fight for the gun. While he and Shelley Winter look at McMahon a long way away, Winter (who watched Doria as she kills her ex-boyfriend Drake) gives up her anger from the gunman for a moment to wonder why he was dealing with the McMahon bullying in Venice. Philosophically, he makes it clear that he can wait. Some opportunities will appear later (for example, when he can safely kill MacMahon and recover the gun). <br /> <br /> The characters are remarkably human. Winters first looks like Drake's future bride, but she sees a significant negative side to him - an unforgivable side. Drake realizes this break, and helps destroy it. Other characters have real touches, such as JC Felipe as Army sergeant fighting an Indian attack with Steward and friend Millard Mitchell. Oh yes, and with fellow soldier Fleben - Tony Curtis. Let us think that this soldier has been in the battlefields before, probably since 1861. Stewart showed emotions in other films. In a wonderful life, he showed a degree of anger at times, as well as a nervous breakdown when he thought that everything was wrong in his life. But here he showed a satanic anger - at the expense of periodic surprise (which usually shows such anger himself). <br /> <br /> The parts of this movie are very closely matched, under Man's competent hands. This West is never worn, where the audience watches the Winchester Rifles.
