The adults of the West, who flourished in the 1950s, try to trace their origins to the movie that started from the syndrome. Of course, we can go back to the Red Howard Hawks (1948) or even to the John Dilling Clementine (1946) film of John Ford, but if we want to stick to this contract, it must be one of the films made in the first year of that era. One is "The Gunfighter," a gloomyly gloomy tale of one of the most famous gunmen, Ringo, who is facing the latest exchange of fire. Another of the same year is "Winchester '73", and it should be noted that Millard Mitchell appears in both racers, chasers and very realistic. In The Gunfighter, he is the Marshal in the city who is expected to arrest Ringo, but once rode with him in an outlaw gang. In Winchester, he is the companion of Jimmy Stewart, a kind of Horatio to Stuart Hamlet in this epic / tragic story. The plot is simple enough: the lonely cowboy Stuart Winchester marked the shooting match, beating the most vile man in the West (Steven McNally), who is actually his own brother and caused the death of their father. When the brother steals the gun, Stuart and Mitchell chase him on a cowboy trip across the border, where they meet both outlaws and Indians. (Amazingly, there are two stars in the future - Rock Hudson and Tony Curtis - playing the role of an Indian commander and a US cavalry soldier - during a fierce battle well.Dan Duria steals the entire show as an outlaw commander laughing while Shelley Winters before she begins to gain weight , It's fine that the shady lady who binds all the plots together, and today, the filmmakers will go on for four hours to bring such an ambitious idea to the screen, but Anthony Mann does it in a very economical way how long, not wasting a minute, Pat Masterson and Wit Erb (played by Will Geer in a terrible way) The final battle between the good and bad brothers, at the top of a series of pulsating rock pits, is now legendary among Western fans. Stuart, regardless of his association with Western films, The role of a major western man here - yes, I have been in Stry Rides again eleven years ago, but was represented in a comedy spoof because it seemed very strange to westerners!
