"Addiction" is an adjective I've heard about several times when talking about some television shows. Recently, drama such as Lost, Heroes and Prison Break got this description. However, although they are convincing (and they are), I can wait for a few days before I see the next episode of both series, even the Prison Break, which some have rated in the "new 24" sequence. With all due respect, there can be such a thing, and for good reason: there is no film of silver films based on the structure in real time. This is what distinguishes 24 from any other show, which is why I must practically watch a full season (on DVD) in seven days or less: once you start frickin, it is impossible to adjust. <br /> <br /> The episode, which unfolded over a single day, was a trademark of NYPD Blue (and recently Deadwood); it had a full season of a new 24-hour series, one per episode (actual time of operation is 41 minutes) , And the remaining 19 are commercial when the show is short), the most prominent idea in mainstream television since Hill Street is the blues novel (now mandatory). Ironically, the original plan of the series was about a wedding. (Fortunately, creators Joel Cerno and Robert Cochrane realized that the coordination was more appropriate to stir up the plot. Perhaps that is why the first A glimpse of the hero points to an exhilarating atmosphere: Kiefer Sutherland is very comfortable playing chess with his daughter Kimberly (Elisha Cuthbert), and minutes later with Terry (Leslie Hope), the wife she is just reconciling with. In The Sopranos, although there is something unexpected and shocking is behind the corner: not only is Kim out of the rooms Jack is also a phone call urging him to work immediately. "At midnight, I fear that: Bauer is a counterterrorism officer, and his boss has gained reliable trust in the life of David Palmer (Dennis Hessbert), the African-American presidential candidate who It will be in Los Angeles all day (Oh, right, I almost forgot: the events are on the day of the presidential election in California.) No time for nap, then: Jack has to spend the next 24 hours working on the case. Unfortunately, he has a tendency to ignore the protocol, and this does not fit well with George Mason (Zander Berkeley), a phony man from a squad who was asked to intervene in the operation. <br /> <br /> The plot is very dense, making it difficult to recommend on the show to those who have a short interest period, but anyone wishing to take a look will be immediately rewarded: sharp and precise writing, unprecedented attention to detail, High, thanks in large part to real-time deception that greatly enhances the level of adrenaline. <br /> <br /> Another great example of this experimental model is the characterization: most genre shows (science fiction and excitement) simply tend to introduce key players and then define them later (eg CSI, where personal development is minimal, But once again conforms to its unique style), while the first series of 24 offers a rich collection of completely round people, including Jack (Best Sutherland - Absolutely!). Ballmer (the true revelation of the show) stands out for being described Just after only one episode (the first divided between the job and the family, stray but humane, the latter honest and his With great integrity). There are two parts of the supporting parts that are based on the stereotype (Mason and Tony Almeida in particular), but two factors must be taken into account: a) This is the first episode; b) There is much that happens to most viewers so as not to complain about a "defect" . After all, how many networking programs have managed to start a plot, the loss of a teenager and a huge explosion - and still have equally satisfactory material for the rest of the season? <br /> <br /> Select, Tok, Mark, Tok ...
