Among these comments here before my comment, I mostly agree with Edyarb. It seems that the story and the text may be funny, but despite their management at some points, it failed. You can see them wanting to make a joke, but no one laughed at the audience. (I also agree with Edyarb's view on the final appropriations: leave it natural or make it cool, but not what they did now.) <br /> <br /> Well, this gives a more negative feeling than I have actually seen the movie. I enjoyed it; it was a fun entertainment for the night, and certainly did not feel a waste of money to get the ticket. The best jokes are those that go a little out of the expected and are fairly mature, like the character of Luke Wilson who asks the super chick "P * nis or bed?" When she told him she would "bring him a new one" after a harsh night in bed, she ended up breaking the bed and leaving a painful death. <br /> <br /> I can not, however, agree with the bgs1614, which says that the film can earn an "R" rating - there was nothing at all in the film to justify it. Some sexuality yes, but nothing explicit, just a sense of humor, no nudity at all. (Perhaps in a presentation show more ...?) I would like to compare this to two recent films I went to without any expectations at all: Superman Returns and Click. I did not really expect any of them - I was very impressed with the original Superman movies and the Click trailer just showed that it was probably a chauffeured film (I would not oppose it). Superman surprised me by making me feel good (cry of terror!) For seeing his first heroic act, like seeing a long-lost friend and feeling happy about it. But for the rest of the story, the best viewing of My Super Ex-girl, at least offers some surprises. Click was again a total surprise, much better and deeper than the trailer and about five minutes away from being a really great movie. The jokes also work much better than previous girlfriends, both the most advanced and the most advanced. <br /> <br /> Anyway, the only reason to compare these three films is that they are the last three that I've seen, in a very short time, and also because I went to all of these things without any expectations at all. I like to rank them click, girlfriend, superman.
