On paper, this seemed like a wonderful concept: the average person in the recovery period returns to the curator of the Narrow Book Museum, who is truly a supernatural hero who saves the world on a regular basis. However, director Ivan Rittmann and Don Payne (from Simpson) make a fatal mistake in making their hero G-Girle (whose role in the film "Uma Thurman") pay off as a full-fledged prize for a supernatural personality and identity of Jenny Johnson. Even the film evokes it in a conversation between Jenny and Matt Saunders (Luke Wilson) after being rescued by the G-Girl of the Statue of Liberty. Jenny asks curiously why he did not like G-Girl. Matt answered: "It's a kind of nut?" I think this is meant to be Jenny (Thurman), the only young woman with no one in her life, isolated from her great material power. Thurman does what she can, but her Jenny is a terrifying mood in dire need of Prozac. Luke Wilson is very upset at the role of the reflection of her boyfriend and her supernatural boyfriend. <br /> <br /> "My Super Ex-Girlfriend" is also a victim of a bad timing, coming in the tail of Superman Returns, which plays Superhero straight, so to speak. With all the quirks and inconsistent writing, I still think "My Super Ex-Girlfriend" was funny and enjoyed the film. Since this is Ivan Reitman's film, this may be a lot better. Reitman starts with a big hypothesis, really squandering it. First, we all love the hero. Here is neither Jenny nor Jie-Jirl really all that lovable. This is surprising for Uma Thurman, who usually enjoys a strong and attractive presence. At first, Jenny / G-Girl was quite curious. shocking. Because if there is a woman who can play the supernatural hero, she is Thurman? It looks fantastic. Only in the end will Jenny become more sympathetic, rather than a caricature. Although "My Super Ex" is not the story of Superhero directly, it is a romantic comedy of some kind, but does it offer what all Superhero legends require? Here we have Professor Bedlam nicknamed Barry (Eddie Eisard) who is really an evil lite. It is not Lex Luthor. There are no global control plans. Bedlam instead of Barry holds a grudge against G-Girl, and is expected to have something to do with their common past. What is strange you do not know who prefer to spend time with Bedlam or G-Girl? Matt Luke Wilson is just "some dude" who encounters him with psychic superheroes. One of the annoying things he does is that he trusts his friend the vile loser Von (Ryan Wilson does a bad job). Wilson sometimes plays very dense, and this softens his beloved charm. This does not work, in a comic sex scene with Jenny. Matt realizes while dating Jenny / G-Girl that he is in love with her co-worker Hannah (Merry Ana Fares). So how did Matt die with G-Girl? Well, it's not pretty and mostly gay. <br /> <br /> Superhero movies are dramatic. Romantic comedy with the work of chemistry. What may be inherently difficult is the satire of Superhero disguised as a romantic comedy. Everyone loves the hero. However, hero nut function? Maybe not. With all Uma Thurman's talent, she is unable to do so convincingly. They do not get enough support from Reitman and Payne. Thurman and Wilson enjoy the magic and presence of Kafen to survive their narrative failures. "My Super Ex-Girlfriend" is fun and funny. Despite all the participants, the film was wonderful.
