Everything starts with suicide. Or is it a car accident? I think it all depends on whether you choose to start at the beginning or the end. Gabriele Muccino gives you the ability to enter his new movie Seven Pounds whichever you prefer, starting at the end and working its way to the beginning, and showing us the events that led us to the 911 call. This is one powerful movie. Maybe that's because I'm happy when it comes to a play of this kind, with heavy moments and full of devastating events. But in both cases, the film works better when it really touches me, as it continues in the back of my head hours after leaving the theater. This is the team that brought us in too much, and happy, not all that is the pursuit of happiness, so I say that my expectations were closely guarded. With all that, I was with seven pounds from the opening window all the way until the credits fell. Although you discover what Will Smith's character is doing, the secret task he is trying to complete is how he achieves his brilliance that shines brightly and leaves you with a smile full of tears in the end. <br /> <br /> Our entry point is very tense, making us inappropriately trying to understand what is going on. Thomas's Thomas has lists of names, someone we do not know, and the other seems to be trying to follow up and check. Lets him work with the IRS access to these strangers to get to know their lives in order to see if they deserve a gift having the ability to give them a gift that can completely change their circumstances. He calls the old childhood friend (Barry Piper) and reminds him to do what he promised, so as not to guess his decision because there is no change in his opinion. Even in a small role like Pepper, you can only feel the absolute sadness at the top of the background, hanging above everyone's head. His character, which can be seen perhaps three times, really includes the initial level of emotion that is dealt with. His failures, whether immersed in tears or painful or convulsive in his hands, show the bond between these two men that holds up to the test of time and under any circumstance. <br /> <br /> After that phone call, the journey begins to meet new people. Thomas is on a mission of some sort to help alleviate the financial problems of fatal disease people, trying to stay afloat despite the heavy burden of medical bills and survival. This progress takes many turns, from a "blind, vegetarian and meat seller," who checks to see if he can carry it to a blast; to a heart patient who must be in the second stage of heart disease, unable to print its fixed line, or even Running with Daniel Daniel; a Latino mother who has been ill-treated and scared of her child, and is afraid to leave her boyfriend; to a dying hockey coach who instills confidence in the troubled youth community; a young boy in need of bone marrow transplantation. There are people living with pain and the inevitable future with the elimination of hope and the desire to cherish every day, there are those who try to overcome it by cutting corners and spending all their money at the expense of those who need to go out in style. Why it is up to Thomas to get rid of this mix and find who deserves his "gift" is unknown at first, which is why this man, who is seen as the memories of the past as an aviation engineer with a beautiful wife and a huge beachfront home, Hotel, drive a car, go door-to-door in order to check the IRS. As he says, "I stumbled to some extent in the job." <br /> <br /> Smith's quest for Thomas is a long and painful journey, filled with moments of clarity and true compassion. As a man with the means to help, take his job seriously, and wipe out people who do not deserve and test those who think they deserve first class. If this means that he must shout and make fun of them, he must. At every step, though, you see the suffering in his eyes, the pain wasted by his soul, taking every step towards his destiny, as a Saint of Redemption, not only for those who want help, but for himself too. It's an award-winning performance and I just hope that Smith will do more dramas like this instead of his lively summer novels, because this guy is very good for them while they're fun. Is it better for a man to win the Oscar before it is done or will it be a farce? At least in my opinion. <br /> <br /> The rest of the cast is excellent in all areas. Woody Harrelson as a blind vendor is a perfect hindrance with the fun of life. His timid smile and faith in humanity comes everywhere, whether on the phone where he cries, or sits at dinner eating a pie, or a piano in the garden, and plays with everyone who listens. Elpidia Carrillo, as the abused mother, is wonderful. She shows the difficult evolution from pride to fear to total tyranny to the kindness of a stranger, allowing her family to be safe in the end. Rosario Dawson lights up as a "once hot" young woman, beaten and broken by a long hospital stay, but has given up living to find love and happiness. It is the introduction of Thomas Smith, who opens her eyes again to become a woman, a free sexual creature who can live without fear of wondering about the day that will be her last day.
