Seven Pounds, this was the film in which I was convinced that Will Smith would really go to the movies "I'll Make You Cry". One thing I can give him a lot of credit, a man can cry. The only thing I have is that Annie Smith has proven time and time again that he can move, so why take this very sad story? But still, the film is still good. I have to admit that it made me cry, but I felt that the outstanding performance was Rosario Dawson, and I love this girl perfectly, since I saw her at twenty five with Ed Norton, I knew that this girl would go away. She is beautiful, charming, funny and talented, and can not wait to see how her career progresses. But she and Will Smith are not sure if they have the great chemistry the film needs and that would turn into a wonderful movie. <br /> <br /> Two years ago, Tim Thomas was involved in a car accident, which caused him to use his mobile phone; seven people died: six strangers and his fiancee. A year after the crash, after leaving his job as an aviation engineer, Tim donates lung gas to his brother Ben, an employee of the IRS. Six months later, he donated part of his liver to a child services worker named Holly. After that, the search for more candidates to receive donations begins. George, a novice hockey instructor, gives him kidneys and then donates bone marrow to a young boy named Nicholas. Two weeks before his death, he calls Holly and asks if she knows anyone who deserves help. Suggests Kony Tybos, who lives with her abusive boyfriend. Tim goes outside his home to a local hotel taking his jellyfish. One night, after being beaten, Connie calls Tim and gives her keys and action to his beach house. Take her two children and move to their new home. After stealing the credentials of his brother, making himself known as his brother Ben, he examines candidates for his last two donors. The first is Ezra Turner, a blind vegetable vendor who plays the piano. Tim summons Ezra Turner to work to see if he is angry. Ezra is still quiet and Tim decides he deserves it. Then call Emily Bosa, a self-employed greeting card printer with heart disease and a rare blood type. He spends a lot of time with her, removing her garden and fixing the rare Heidelberg printer. Begins to fall in love with her and decides that as her condition deteriorates, he needs to donate. <br /> <br /> Seven Pounds is a good movie and it's definitely worth watching, I recommend just going to rent for theater. Will Smith is in good performance, but not at his best, most of the film requires him to cry in every scene, but the latter with him is Douzy. But I loved the end, it was beautiful and made you really appreciate life and do not take it for granted. There are still good people in this world, and Ben reminds you of the value of life and bringing it to those who need it most. Although it went away, it was still a beautiful story. <br /> <br /> 7/10
