I would highly recommend this film to any musician who would die to see a musician moving from one stage to the next. It is certainly long, but its length is a testament to the authenticity of the original musical text of the film. Groups and representatives really make Apple sweet, Ohio the place to be. Fosse protege Anne Reinking does a great job with the dances design that gives the dancers a beautiful little town and feels the time. <br /> <br /> The cast may seem odd to some but it is really very cool (reading "unknown" "comments on the performance of Jason Alexander made me ill.) In fact, his perforamnce literally steals the show. A unique combination of manic neurosis with the magic of Dick Van Dyck Isaac to create a new and improved Albert.The fact that he can dance and sing like no one works is not harmful as well.George Wendt is another prominent position, where Paul Lindy improved against Harry McAfee by making him less obsessed and more connected His whole character and body language scream "on my dead body." Mark Cudic takes Elvis side of Conrad Berdy To the new heights by including the hidden "Thank you very much" in "Honest Sincerity." His body despite his return to the young Elvis, then Conrad inflated and stubborn in the original film The fact is that this film is very different from the original film ( Happy faces, fast turtles and ballet Russian !!!) What is the relationship of any taht with Bye, Bye Birdie, Wonder? The only advantage that the original version of this program has is Anne Margaret, otherwise the update is better in every possible way. The old version rewrote many songs and increased periods of dance anywhere that was not needed (for all purposes and purposes the film ended in the middle of the play), the new version restored the original musical score and added some great features. In this category). We know that you live in difficult times but if you want to get rid of your problems and put on a happy face, it's worth checking out.
