This film is one of the best short films I've ever seen - and since I've made great film festivals, I've seen a lot, especially what the industry considers 'the best'. I'm not a fan of Monaghan. His acting generally tends to be exaggerated and does not interest me, as he was his only decent performance in Lost, so I generally try to avoid his films. However, it happened that I saw it at a film festival a few years ago, and I was terrified. This director really knows what to do. Of course, you will get trolls (or ignorant people only) who do not understand what constitutes a good film and tear up low-budget work because they have no idea what happened. But fortunately, from what I saw, they understand a minority when it comes to these gems. <br /> <br /> Let's not deny that the film was working without a budget, and that two supporting actors can still use the work, because that's certainly true. The production value is very low, but what do you expect for the first real movie of someone still in high school? Pretend for a moment that the budget does not matter. If you take a little bit of acting, the sound quality (which was not really the fault of the director; I saw it in the festival and the sound was good ... I'm sure it made the DVD itself) and the fact was filmed on mini-DV, then what's left? The story, the visual composition and the spirit of the film, impeccable and indisputable. <br /> <br /> Nanavati can tell a story. Lot clear. She can write gravitational texts, which she works better than most people in Hollywood, and create a list of shots that perfectly complement that story and make her come alive in a wonderful and creative way if the top budget wins prizes. Give it more experienced actors, better soundtrack, 35mm instead of mini-DV and even trolls can not complain. This girl is incredible, and taking into account that Insomniac was made a few years ago, she has done some amazing work since then. The trailer of Dreams of an Angel shows that, and I can not wait to see the top things in her budget. 9/10 stars, this is the hell for one movie from hell to the director.
