Brand Hausner (John Kozak) is a CIA assassin. Ordered to go to the country of Turkestan, the state "liberated" the United States, and killed a businessman named Omar Sharif. This is because the American group, Tamerlan, which is bringing the country back, will not stand with Sharif, the oil man from a neighboring country, supplying his own pipeline through war-torn Turkestan. But once you reach Brand, you experience difficulties. First, he meets a determined newspaper, Natalie (Marisa Tome) wants to tell American public opinion the "true" story of the region's conflict ... and Tamerlin. But Brand is shocked to realize that Natalie's beautiful face and sharp mind immediately and unconsciously force him to lose focus on his mission. Also, his cover as a show guest compels him to meet the nation's singing princess, Unica (Hilary Duff), who will be married at the convention center. She is a young singer whose wedding arrangements also divert Brand's attention away from the next assassination. Through complications and other inefficiencies, would Brand be able to carry out his mission, to the satisfaction of the BER chairman of Tamerlane, former vice president (Dan Ackroyd)? It's good for you, John Cusack, to make this film, even though it does not hold together. This shot in Serbia is an interesting view of what Iraq should be at present. The country has turned upside down. In the stroke of brilliance, the green zone here called the "emerald city" and appropriately, this neighborhood is like a lack of attempts to keep the woes of war occurring elsewhere in the capital. The cast is very cool, with Kozak doing a great job, Tommy, Joan Kozak, Ben Kingsley, Ackroyd and others who support him in style. Duff, in particular, plays a large role as a strong, mature and intensely powerful singer. Reviving war-torn Baghdad is so real that it hurts, while other fashion and production values ​​are top notch. For text, it is not always coherent, but it certainly contains a huge dialogue and scenes. For example, a young Turaqui boy shows Brand's enemy hideout for money and dessert. Brand produces the money, but because he has no candy, the boy burns his car anyway. brilliant! Then, too, the trend is not a complete success but does not lag far behind. No, if you have conservative tendencies, you may not like this movie once. But if you have an open mind and want to see a cynical view of the "war on terror", that's a very good offer. So, make an effort to watch it, where those filmmakers who choose to produce films away from the old studio "formulas" will support them.
