On the fourth weekend of July, it is encouraging to see the spirit of the Declaration of Independence alive and in the film "War, Inc." Just as our founding fathers gave back the collective hand of King George III, this film reveals in a funny way the profit of the insane war from the current crop of capitalist encroachment, which intends to privatize the government inappropriately, to privatize the war itself. <br /> <br /> The cast in this spell is completely illuminated. John Cusack is awesome as a fierce and conflicting killer, and Marissa Tommy is as wonderful as his love. (It was my God, "George Costanza" right. Marissa Tommy is very attractive!) But it is the sister of John Joan Kozak who really steals the film. Her portrayal of the head, but at the same time a personal assistant, is priceless, and more than once I could not stop laughing at her brilliance. She has not only a wonderful comic timing, but her face is as expressive as one would wish in any actor. Dan Ackroyd, too, has a short, but very effective, film in the film as the head of the company that runs the war, a Tamerlane company. Ackroyd sits on the "Throne" with his pants around his ankles, until he looks like an ass clown who currently occupies one of our real thrones for power. You will not have to think hard about identifying this person. Much of this film was filmed in Bulgaria, which is why we are able to see a lot of real military equipment. (You know perfectly well that the US military never cooperated in this cynical disclosure of military profit.) I particularly enjoyed the character of "Omar Sharif" as played by Bulgarian actor Ljubomir Nikov. In one of the scenes in the dance hall with Marissa Tomei, he has a few lines that summarize our foreign policy position fully toward the foreign leaders we set up - and put them down - in power. <br /> <br /> Of course, this movie will not appeal to everyone. If you believe that the ongoing privatization of our foreign policy, the army, the collection and analysis of information, prisons, the correctional system, public health and myriad other government services is good, you may not find much in this film. However, if you think that destroying people and countries in order to add to the basic compendium of some companies, it is disgusting and I think you will find much to appreciate in this film. Nothing can be more in line with the spirit of independence that is overstated by the irony owed by the corrupt forces that are.
