The plot may not be an extraordinary film, but what makes the film really distinctive, is its characters (and the actors who play it? Of course!). I will not go into the details of the movie plot, but surely I would say this? This movie is not just for everyone! The film is really ingenious and needs to be equally smart to get every satire. If you are not on the alert for a second, you may end up losing one of the finer points. The film is full of such seemingly trivial but ingenious things - like the background ads in Turkestan, the oil tanker announcements (which I almost miss) and that makes the movie fun. <br /> <br /> When playing actors, John Cusack played his multifaceted role with high efficiency (what does the co-writer and producer have) and plays his character ?? Hauser, the heart killer ?? Wonderful. Cusack played a similar role in the Grosse Pointe Blank, but his comic action in the film is very cool. <br /> <br /> However, the actress who steals all the show is Hilary Duff! I have always been a fan of Ms. Duff. But frankly I was very disappointed when she heard about the role she played in the film. But after watching the film, she was disappointed by her great respect as an actress. Let's face it! The child grows up, but yes, so is her talent! All these critics, who have cried out harshly that Hillary can not act, will be silent for a while. Was Hillary to play a really complicated character? Tough from the outside, but sweet baby inside? And it has done full justice to it. It makes you laugh and make you cry ?? To cut the long story (because I can keep raving about it forever) is fantastic! Marisa Tome and Joan Kozak have done very well. Especially, Joan Hysteron is a fuss! However, I was somewhat disappointed because Ben Kingsley was wasted in this small role and his performance seemed weak. <br /> <br /> In General War, Inc. Keep you on your toes all the time with a smart sense of humor, and end up with just the right amount of twists in the plot. I would highly recommend this movie to everyone (and more to Hilary Duff fans) !!! Note - I'm really happy to hear the movie will be released from the limited version and the release is coming soon !!!
