Joshua Ceftel's first film - a satire with unforgettable dimensions - revolves around what the title suggests: the influence of corporations on war. <br /> <br /> The film revolves around mercenaries (John Kozak) traveling to Turkey (not the fact) of the country, for your information) to help the US government "deliver their message" to the leaders of Turkestan. He meets a reporter (Marisa Tome) and we all know what will follow with a single man + a hot reporter. Somewhere in the mix, a pop star named Yonica Babyyeah is thrown. Since Yonica marries one of the most important people in Turaquistan (the president's son), a sub-scheme is created where the mercenary must watch this star well. The film begins with Cusack alone in a bar. Not more than fifteen seconds later, the film connects you. Because there are interesting and interesting insights on terrorism and politics, the time of the film is blowing. The film contains much more movement than I expected, with an occasional scene of war, well-designed battles and sporadic murder scenes. Although the story is not so deep, its simplicity makes the film perfect for both ordinary men and critics alike. <br /> <br /> In the last film, its simplicity turns into everything very hostile and confused. I thought it had been well implemented, but others may disagree, and I can understand why. Twist after twist is what the end revolves around, and like most movies, it is a real success / missed situation. Apart from that, the three writers in the film (Mark Lenner, Jeremy Pixer and John Kozak) did a great job in creating a realistic satire about the current situation abroad. <br /> <br /> Joshua Seftel does an excellent job of securing the movie integrity; not reducing the material to the most redundant films (which I was afraid to do). Sevilla designed the film as fully as possible: it created a vibrant atmosphere, studying the harsh reality and cartoon illusion; - compare it perfectly - and make the film feel as if you were watching it in full. Seftel makes you participate in all events and pays off. There are no wrong steps here. I hope he has more steering jobs, because he's the one way out looking for him.
