Diana Durbin, a 14-year-old and a contract with MGM, made a short film in 1936, which she associated with younger Judy Garland in their first film. Afterward, Louis B. Meyer decided he did not need competing young singers, put his bet on Garland and let Dorpin go. Universal immediately signed Dorpin, pushed her into three smart girls and prepared scriptwriting to raise her role. She has been finally invoiced, but with the equivalent of neon lights around her name. Universal was convinced that Durbin would be crushed, and they were right. Three less smart girls Comedy and more comedy, Durbin, 15 when the film was released, carrying it in the wind. She and Benny Craig, her older sisters, Joan and Kay, are determined to rescue their father, who divorced their mother, from the clutches of an elegant gold digger with a fierce mother. They talk on their way from Switzerland, where they live, to New York City, where their father lives. They plan not only to break their father's wedding but reunite their father with his mother, who still loves the man after ten years. Is there any doubt that Durbin will sing a song or two in the warm soprano and flute? Both. Is there any doubt that girls will succeed ... with Kai and Joan to find love and matrimonial material along the way? No, again. Years later, Dorpin was quoted as saying that she could not continue playing with Miss Fixit forever. She was right, of course, but in her first film "Three Smart Girls", she had little Miss Fix Fix down down. Durbin is funny, designed, stunt, lively, and everything is natural. Her character is so real that it makes this comedy - a combination of farce, confusion, goodwill, joy and joy - utterly beloved. <br /> <br /> Durbin carries the movie easily. It's very interesting when you see her holding herself against the likes of Benny Barnes as Dona Leon, the woman who holds her hook in the rich Benny father, played by Charles Wenninger, who was not duped by the theft of the scenes. Alice Brady, who played the role of shepherd in My Man Godfrey, plays the role of Donna Lyons, who is more of a goldsmith than her daughter. Another of the major festivals is Ray Milland as Lord Michael Stewart, who through a mixed and armed mix mistakenly committed Mischa Auer. <br /> <br /> Three girls are well remembered for a light and entertaining comedy of literature and mixing. As did Deanna Durbin as a new star, where she succeeded thanks to her great success in saving Universal Bacon.
