I am surprised by the poster comments that Jane Powell produced the same kind of films as Deanna Durbin. Although they are both young sopranos, Joe Pasternak has formulated his cinematic images, but if this film is an indication, they were almost polar opposites. <br /> <br /> While in three clever daughters, Dorpin plays the film "Little Miss" Fixit, "After some setbacks, she managed to reunite her divorced parents, in a semi-remake, with three bold heroes, almost destroying Jane Powell The marriage between her screen Mom and Janet MacDonald and the new father's wife, Jose Iturbe, when she refuses to accept her powerful arms and younger brothers in his refusal, also from the films Durbin and Powell I saw, these disparate qualities permeate the early films of each of these talented young artists. /> <br /> As for Durbin's performance in three SMART blocks, I find him quite win, and the most impressive Although it is clear from her occasional and exaggerated readings in some of the more active scenes that this is an early film of Diana, you see the self-confident, knowledgeable and effective way in which her lines are presented and performed in general, and the meager and tender way she presents to the most dangerous scenes, The role of the first film was for a 14-year-old girl and her previous professional experience consisted almost exclusively of two years of vocal instruction. <br /> <br /> Since this film and Durbin itself were widely promoted at the time as "the opportunity Universal ", should be the product A position impossible for the very beginner of any age, but you d never know it from the ease and assurances offered by Durbin on the screen. Although she is still developing her acting style and behavior in front of the camera (this was also true with the early performances of more experienced contemporaries such as Garland, Ronnie, O'Connor and Jane Powell), Dorben presents an exceptional presence and warmth on the camera. She is completely unique to her, and even here, in her first film, she was able to remain very lovable despite the frenzied rush of her personality, and although it is occasionally noisy, it never showed for the second time the gentle and arcane qualities . Which influenced many children's stars, including Jane Powell and some of the young sopranos who followed in the wake of her success. <br /> <br /> In short, like all the great singing stars, Dorpin was much more than just a "beautiful voice." On the other hand, while Durrano Soprano is a truly wonderful instrument, the most obvious thing for me is the way in which she has been able to present her songs, with no effect or influence on the "grandparents" Lilly Pons, Grace Moore and Janet MacDonald in the period. <br /> <br /> The film is also very interesting, deeply influenced by the spiral comedy, and supports two Dorbins with first-class professional cream - like Charles Wenninger, Benny Barnes and Alice Brady Ray Milland and Misha Oyer. The story is light and entertaining. True, it is hardly "realistic", but why would anyone expect it to be? If you want: "realistic" rent grape from WRATH or victory willow. On the other hand, if you are looking for a real family comedy, sweet, funny and entertaining with a wonderful, exciting, attractive and adolescent "driving", this movie will not disappoint you.
