"Twelve Monkeys" are strange and disturbing, yet they are very smart and intelligent at the same time. She cleverly jumps between the future and the past, and the story she tells revolves around a man named James Cole, a convict, who goes back to the past to gather information on a man-made virus that has killed five billion people. On the planet in 1996. In the beginning, Cole was accidentally returned to 1990 and, unfortunately, was transferred to a mental institution where he tries to explain his purpose and where he meets with psychologist Dr. Kathryn Riley who is trying to help him and a patient named Jeffrey Joynes, the crazy son of a famous scientist. Because it is provocative and somewhat reasonable, dealing with reason and madness, the film is an important masterpiece in the history of science fiction films. <br /> <br /> The story is wonderful. It's very original and very entertaining. Inspired by the screenplay written by David and Janet Peebles, "La Jetée" (1962), which I did not watch, but I must thank the director and writer of the film, Chris Marker, to give this inspiration to the book "The Twelve Monkeys." I read a little about La Jetée, it's not the same story but has the same idea, so it's not just a copy of it. David and Janet Peabols have turned this great inspiration into a modern story that tells of this urgent need for people to find a solution to preserve human existence and do so in a beautiful and realistic way that it is a journey guaranteed by excitement from start to finish. The music used in the film is bizarre and somewhat funny and entertaining, it does not really fit until you really get it and when you realize it's very compelling, composed by Paul Beckmaster. <br /> <br /> Terry Gilliam, whom we remember from Monte Python, as a film director was a real surprise to me, as I never thought of him as a kind of person. I know he has made films before, but I really could not believe he could do something great. It should not be a surprise, because it does a wonderful job. You can still feel the same oddity as in Python, but for me the guidance is flawless although in its strange way of describing things it makes some scenes strangely disturbing. Yes, it's really strange, strange, strange, and disturbing, so it makes the movie too heavy, so it's likely that poor-looking viewers will find it hard to watch the movie all the time. It's not as heavy as you can imagine, but it only has some of those things that its purpose is sometimes hard to see. However, the film carries this pure intelligence within it and through memories of the past, dreams, jumps between the past and the future, blends the whole story in a very intelligent way, and even does not make chaos in any part, although it needs a focus of the scenes after each Thing. <br /> <br /> What's going on, well, so the film does not make a mistake. James Cole played the role of powerful Bruce Willis, who is likely to perform his best yet. Now people may disagree with me, as he did a good job in "The Sixth Sense" for example, but for me James Cole's role was perfect for Lewis and he performed very well. Personal written very well, but the performance is better. Cole begins questioning his presence and deals with himself, and begins to wonder about the actual time of living, trying to survive and finding the missing piece of task in the puzzle. With difficulty he began to lose faith, wondering whether he even trusted in himself or believed in him. Other noteworthy roles include Madeleine Stowe and Brad Pitt. Sto plays the role of Kathryn Riley, psychologist for James Cole, who sees something strange in Cole and decides to help him deal with his madness. She began to believe the story of Cole, but as a believer in science she tries to find solutions through her and tries to deal with the cause when it comes to incredible things. Brad Pitt is very good in the role of Jeffrey Joyens and is also one of his best roles so far. The crazy personality of the gay character of the house brought up Oscar nomination so, so I think I do not pay tribute to the wonderful performance frankly for nothing. <br /> <br /> All in all, "Twelve Monkeys" is a great science fiction experience and will definitely be a recommendation for everyone, especially for science fiction fans. Featuring fantastic characters and wonderful performances of roles, especially Willis and Pitt, and an original and entertaining storyline that is a very smart and smart plot. However, the above is strange and troubling, and certainly attracts the attention of the viewer by making it interesting and brilliant. It's also an explosive film with a love story as well, so everything in the package itself makes it one of the best animations I have ever seen. By seeing Terry Gilliam's exotic and brilliant vision, she managed to maintain her balance despite the fairly rugged but fairly stable leadership. It's really hard to explain, but that's the case, it's hard to get.
