The story of this film is truly wonderful. The virus cut loose and survived only 1% of the human race. The only thing we know now is that the animals dominate the ground above and there are posters everywhere saying: "The twelve monkeys did it." It is true that the human race had to hide underground from the disease that killed more than 500 billion people. It seems that animals do not get the disease. Day after day, the present world is trying to discover the kind of disease that caused it; how it was created if nature did it or just created it. All they know is that there is a group of animals circling the city, and deaths began during 1996-1997, and there are 12 monkeys involved. (Or at least that's what the poster says.) So an existing conviction called James Cole (Bruce Willis) is sent as a "volunteer" to get some samples from the top. After doing his "voluntary" work, he is asked to bring him back in time to 1996 to see what happened to the world. Cole accepts and begins the story of Twelve Monkeys. <br /> <br /> Throughout the story, the timeline is mistaken for dates several times, from 1990, until sometime during the 1950s. (In the middle of the war). Throughout the time traveling back and forth, James begins to mess with his head and twist the story. The whole story was done well and I would have given it a higher score if it was not for the end. I personally did not like the end of the film and I was very disappointed. I was expecting a more illustrative end, then what happened, but not everyone thinks that way. I gave it 8, but if everyone has the same opinion I will give it 6 or 7. <br /> <br /> For the entire movie representation, give it A +. Bruce Willis is fantastic for this role and he acts well, but Brad Pitt is absolutely 100% perfect. His actions are very impressive, he makes the character well. I never cared about Brad Pitt until I saw him in this and the fighting club. There are characters or similar in this movie, it's a little more ... crazy in this film. In general, I think this film deserves a full review. For most people, it's a great science fiction film, I do not think it's a masterpiece.
