I can not decide whether this is one of my favorite movies. It's an exciting film with a passionate essence, but I still can not decide. I definitely loved it. This is the first film by Terry Gilliam that I have seen. My first impression? I was engaged to the end and it was not all that complicated (it should be confusing). <br /> <br /> The movie has been set in the future. James Cole (Bruce Willis) is sent from the future in order to get some information from the past (1996 to be specific). The virus killed 5 billion people. It is sent from the receiver to get some information about it. A psychiatrist named Kathleen Riley is also involved. The story of love is beautifully portrayed and you can really feel the longing in this love and longing for a normal life. Loose ends are tied in a very interesting way in the end. <br /> <br /> One of the things I liked about this film is that, unlike other post-apocalyptic films, the film did not prefer to give any dull social commentary a comment and instead focused on this one man and his longing for a regular life. "Want to see the ocean, be with her" is an influential line in this film. He chooses to focus on the tension and confusion in the person's mind. Therefore, a film is not specifically published, but instead it can be described as a romantic science fiction film with themes ranging from time travel to unclear facts, and so forth. This is what makes this film a special film in the nineties. The complex plot flows smoothly without adding many characters. <br /> <br /> The presentations are very good. Bruce Willis surprised me here because he did not act with the usual strongman here, but he performed well for a man who was confused in love. Depicts his desperation in certain sequences beautifully. I have to check out his other films. Fabulous Madeleine Stowe is very fun to watch. Since I saw this movie, I became obsessed with it. She made a wonderful presentation of a woman who sympathizes with her patient and finally falls in love with him. Brad Pitt is a real surprise despite filming a crazy man named Jeffrey Joyens. His performance for the Oscar nomination is very surprising because he does not have many critics who have nice words with him. <br /> <br /> The end is too scary and this is another reason to watch the movie. Length or complexity is not a big problem because this movie moves very quickly and there are enough accidents to keep people interested. Every incident in this film has meaning and nothing is unnecessary. Fantastic excitement 10/10
