I usually try to avoid Sci-Fi movies as much as possible, because this is not the kind I really like. Light Swords, UFOs, Aliens, Time Travel ... Most often, nothing to me. However, there is one film in this genre I will always give a place in my best movie list, and these "Twelve Monkeys" I remember I was blown away the first time but yet, after getting it I've seen several times already, I'm still one One of her biggest fans. Every time I see her, this film seems to be getting better and better. <br /> <br /> Somewhere in the distant future, all people live underground because an unknown and deadly virus killed five billion people in 1996, leaving only 1 per cent of the population alive. James Cole is one of them. He is a prisoner who lives in a small cage and is chosen as a "volunteer" to return him in time to gather information about the origin of the epidemic. They believe that it was published by a mysterious group called the "twelve monkeys" and need the virus before it mutates, so scientists can study it. But travel time is not fully functional yet, and was mistakenly sent to 1990, where he met with Dr. Kathryn Riley, a psychiatrist, and Jeffrey Jones, the crazy son of a famous scientist and virologist. <br /> <br /> What I like Much in this film is the fact that it is not always clear whether everything you see is real or not. Is this just an illusion, created in the mind of a mentally ill man or is it real? Is he really coming from the future and can he travel through time? Is the population really eradicated by a virus issued by the Army of 12 Monkeys? These are all questions that will leave you wondering from start to finish. If the makers of this film have chosen to make it clearer, I'm sure I will never love it as I liked it now. This mystery keeps me interested again and again. But this is not the only good thing in this film of course. The representation is very amazing. Usually I'm not a fan of Bruce Willis, but what he did in this film was amazing. With Madeleine Stowe and Brad Pitt was supposed to have won numerous awards, because with the amazing story, they made this film work very well. <br /> <br /> Even after several times watching, I'm still a huge fan of this movie. Except for this film, I saw only one Terry Gilliam film, "Fear and Hate in Las Vegas", which was not bad, but did not convince me either. However, this film makes me look forward to his other works. I give it 9/10, maybe even 9.5 / 10.
