Terry Gilliam and David Peoples collaborated to create one of the most intelligent and creative science fiction films of the 1990s. People have proven a scenario with strange transformations and wonderful ideas about the nature of time? I particularly like the idea that one can not change the past; it is a nice point of interview for many travel films over time that say the opposite ?? The biological Holocaust and the fine line between sanity and madness. Gilliam imagines his ideas with a unique eloquence, perfection and originality. <br /> <br /> The same story is attractive: one man, James Cole (played by Bruce Willis in a hearty performance) travels for decades to the past retrieving information about a virus that has been eradicated for humanity and only a few surviving survivors are still alive Underwater Life: With the information that will be collected, scientists hope to find a cure so that everyone in the future can return to the surface. But because time travel technology is not perfect, it ended up sending a different past and complexity. In this sense, the wonderful science fiction film is accompanied by shades of noir, while multiple parts of a huge panorama begin to form a curious story involving animal rights activists, the end of the millennium of mortal grandeur, biological weapons, reality perception and the definition of the wise. With such a complex film, it was easy for Gilliam and the people to create chaos, but instead, Twelve Monkeys is a thought-provoking story that will delight those who love to challenge and be patient to appreciate some crazy ideas. <br /> <br /> I watched this movie once about 10 years ago. I was very much marked: I remember thinking about many days after the wings. For my little mind, this was fantastic and it was one of the first films that made me appreciate cinema as something serious and important. I've seen this movie a few days ago on DVD and it's better than I remembered. Brad Pitt still steals all the scenes he plays and plays Jeffrey Goynes ?? Almost an introduction to his character Tyler Dorden's Fight Club? A rich child has some anarchist / nonconforming ideas, and he is also crazy, according to Cole, probably responsible for the virus. The scenes between Jeffrey and Cole in the crazy house are the best in the film, where the eyes of a house, voice and strange behavior convince you that he is a really crazy man who only holds a distorted logic and understands it. Oscar House nomination was worthy! It was also amazing the performance of Bruce Willis: I did not remember him well, but he is beautiful and full of sense. He plays the role of a man who has spent almost his whole life underground, and when he comes to the past, the magic of his childhood will share something as simple as breathing the fresh air in the morning or watching the sun rise. Cole is a somewhat mysterious figure, people try to fill him with some darkness, and do other disturbing things to other people and to himself: the scene in which he removes his teeth reveals to what extent the dementia went undefined. Ironically, Cole did not start with a crazy character, but when he started to warn everyone at the end of the world, he considered him insane and convinced that it was all in his mind, until he reached a point when he could not distinguish between the past and the future. Willis spends a lot of time puzzling and insecure, and he works perfectly. One of the interesting transitions in the narration is when Cole shrinks, Dr. Kathryn Riley, finding undeniable evidence that he is indeed of the future, and now he has to convince him again of his mission to save the world. Scenario is full of such strange twists and keeps the film at a fast pace. Their relationship is also good, although it may be a little stressful for the time. But I enjoyed watching Cole and Riley fall in love and try to escape the power of the future to live a peaceful life in the past. But then things end in a tragic / bizarre climax at the airport, packing all the pieces together, which will blow many minds away. <br /> <br /> There are two great endings in this film, a twist in the sense of Se7en or Fight Club, and a more intimate ending where Riley stands beside Cole, who has just been shot and looked around to a smaller James Cole, The two share a brief look, smiling at him. Wonderful twist, but I prefer this end to the emotional impact. Madeleine Stowe plays a good role with Dr. Riley, and has attracted a lot of different feelings from me in her performance. The film is filled with a sense of sanctity with the idea that the past can not be changed: this film illustrates this in a terrifying way. It reminds me of Chinatown in that sense, the way Jake Getets messes with everything whenever he tries to help him. Riley's personality shares that fatalism, and whenever you try to help Cool ?? Deal first with "madness" and then help him in his mission ?? As much as they are absorbed in the tragedy. <br /> <br /> The torsion ends in a hopeful tone, feeling that Cole's mission is not in vain. Twelve of the monkeys is a wonderful movie to watch if one wants entertainment; it is not supposed to be an art, though it is more artists than many artistic films. It is a simple film, combining all elements, from music to editing to fashion design, etc., beautifully to produce a modern cinematic masterpiece.
