Stories about the possibility of a post-apocalyptic future have long existed since the creation of science fiction as a genre in itself. The fact that today's society is responsible for what may become the future in the near future, and that our violations and our refusal to see what is right in front of our eyes lies at the heart of all these stories, whether good or bad. <br /> <br /> Of course Terry Gilliam is normal for this kind of movies. It gives the film a decadent feeling all the time, and shows a bumpy society because of its own excesses and shows a sense of impending tragedy despite the moments of comedy. His world, the world in which TWELVE MONKEYS is embodied, is the place where madness escapes its madness, where cities fall into filth and neglect, where everything looms from the foreground despite the luster of the opening sequence, where insanity looms in every corner. It is a very dark film, but the best it has, is the most linear (despite the distortion of plots that stand under examination), a film that improves with repeated scenes. <br /> <br /> A tragic event in which the virus was unleashed on humanity in 1996, and thus led to the destruction of life on the planet as we know, it leads to scientists in the future to try to modify the fate of humanity on earth by employing dissident citizens - Earth - as guinea pigs for a timely return, including James Cole (played down by his great influence Bruce Willis). Cole can be anyone. We do not know anything about him, but somehow it does not matter because more than a little one of the consumer volunteers and his character hints sneak in later because he is nearing his mission. What we know is that a man dreams, and his dreams may have been a reality: he may have already been in place in 1996. <br /> <br /> It is this constant sense of deja vu that keeps appearing throughout the film. When he was accidentally taken to a mental ward in 1990, he met Jeffrey Joyens (played by Brad Pitt, the Oscar nominee here) who frantically speaks of talk of torment and destruction. Cole later thinks he saw Gwynes in his frequent dream as a man who pays The boy is running away ... what? he does not know. Later he meets with a psychologist, Kathryn Riley (Madeleine Stowe), and one of her first reactions to him is that he is crazy, and she has seen him before. It is an ongoing idea throughout her participation in this story from the passive / resistant believer to the active and even somewhat crazy believer that something terrible is coming this way, especially when she meets him six years later: she has seen Cole before. At the same time, Cole continues to talk about a dream he still dreams of, in which she plays a role as a blonde woman running in the aisle, screaming for help after the shots and a certain red headman have emerged in the shape of a ponytail (Jeffrey Jones seems to have survived, The innocent boy, the innocent spectator, is raised: the question arises: have these events occurred - will they happen - who is really part of this, or better yet - is everyone, even the youngest player, part of a larger piece? In which Time itself is a huge belt that displays duplicates of fragments of events that slide repeatedly? <br /> <br /> These questions In a master sequence that includes key scenes from the VERTIGO masterpiece in which Madeleine Elster / Judy Barton mourns her short existence (says Cole, Cole says) and Riley watches from their seats in the movie theater where they are hiding). The dialogue excerpts from VERTIGO form a dialogue paper between Railly and Cole. Later, when Cole is awakened from the shelf apparently in the theater and goes to find Railly, he comes face to face with her in disguise (looking almost exactly) like Eva Maria St of North BY NESHWEST The result of the swollen Bernard Herman plays the appearance of Judy Barton, dressed as Madeleine Elster. Madeleine Stowe plays Kathleen Riley, who does not wear a blond wig and a gray jacket and calls herself Judy Simmons while Madonna helps a man named James Cole plays James Stewart as the detective who tries to help Madeline Elster's "madman" who will later appear not once, but twice, first as a brunette Judy Barton, and later, as Madeleine, acting, re-enacting, playing and re-playing.
