Just kidding, I hired 12 monkeys that day because I admire Bruce Willis and I heard some things about the film. Some good and some bad, but it was one of those movies you had to watch every second, so I was a bit worried. Just because I felt for a minute if this would be one of those movies that I had to watch several times to get them. But I saw him last night and I was really touched by this film, where it contained everything: motion, drama, science fiction, history, dark humor, and even a little romantic. All the actors did a great job. I gave a lot of credit to Bruce, while in the car with his psychiatrist, he really got with me. But Brad Pitt, I'm amazed at how much he did. He did more than his character, which was crazy, made it work and was extremely reasonable. The story was very scary, but very good and a wake-up call. <br /> <br /> James Cole is a man in the future where a virus has appeared in the past and killed 5 billion people and only 1% of the population survived, including him. Animals are now governing the earth while humans are down, but scientists send James back to the past 1990 (really means sending him to 1969), to learn the virus information. James is placed in a mental institution that meets his new psychiatrist, Dr. Kathryn Riley and another mental patient, Jeffrey Joyens, telling them the future, and of course no one believes him, but goes back to the future. But the scientists brought him back to the correct year to where James was kidnapped by the doctor, but he told her more, and believed him. Now they are trying to prevent the virus from ever occurring. <br /> <br /> 12 The monkeys were a wonderful film. As I said, the story was too scary just to think we were not far off. But the whole movie was just great, the actors, the groups, the whole picture was just fantastic. He had a kind of terminator to feel like we might lose something precious one day, to ourselves if we did not listen to others. What is right and what is wrong? Who do you know? But I highly recommend 12 monkeys, it's a great movie if you give it the right opportunity, I'm sure you will enjoy it. <br /> <br /> 9/10
