An intriguingly bold film, the photographer, who seems to be painstakingly weaving with some wonderful casting and explosive soundtracks, draws to paint the harmful effects of crime and corruption in the Santiago world on two naive young brothers from the southern city of Temuco. <br /> <br /> Daniela Rios is the first film dancer, an erotic dancer, working in a nightclub owned by Chilean new wave-maker Alejandro Trejo. It is easy to convince the older brother, played by Nestor Cantillana brilliantly, to become a top Trejo man, after a night in a nightclub to celebrate the birthday of his younger brother Victor (Juan Pablo Miranda) on his seventeenth birthday. From the basic scene of this opening scene, the film bursts into exploring everything the outside world does not expect to see in this country, which is very conservative in character and Catholicism. <br /> <br /> The magic of Gracia is full of temptation. Attract the three men like bees to honey, although the circular story of the fantasy romance revolves around the linear image of the major international drug deals between the men of Trejo and 'Gringo', Eduardo Barrell. Power relations become a vital subject, where strangers from society merge into a small family. The prostitute carries a strange mantra to all the Chilean men in the film, emerging from its mysterious location in the community and seen as holding onto the future for all three men. Relations between Trejo and Cantillana became important, because parents of children conspired because of their absence (presumably one still living in Temuco). So it is Trejo, el padrino, who "adopts" Cantillana, and makes him "effective" as a man in the city ... Miranda quickly becomes the despair of the West, and his dependence on the "Father figure", Cantillana, is increasingly strained by jealousy over the beautiful Gracia. , Miranda is still stuck because of restrictions on continuing school - he relies on Cantillana, which relies on Trigo, to get the money to survive.Terjo, in turn, under the thumb of "Gringo", has accumulated his wealth through drug deals as well as strip clubs Gracia's character acts as a time bomb seen as beautiful fireworks, and it wraps in a network of beauty inside the rain But this strain can only lead to a climax. <br /> <br /> As tensions in these power relations are strained, Gracia is still vaguely out of reach, and the viewer is not sure what number to commit to. And explodes in a shootout that rearranges power relations and obliterates half of the main male protagonists.The last shot of Miranda's harmful face as he speeds down the PanAmericano highway is desperately strong.The boy was sucked by the lure of the underworld in the city, yet lost his only visible family and his wife , Which is his only friend in the film. He has nothing. The dominant metaphors are bold and courageous. This is a gangster movie in Chile. The concepts of the family, ie prenuptial sex, etc., are abolished, and instead the cruel realities of the other side of the Santiago coin are presented with all their wild glory. Knitting defeats Rios brutally, and Rios and Miranda make love in a movie room - a prostitute having sex with a minor she barely knows. Grunge is seen as holding its financial hold on this small country in Latin America, but not through copper mines, through the illegal drug route. <br /> <br /> The victory of Wesbluth in his introduction to this dark underworld, which raises many social questions, perhaps more than the sexo Con Amor success record, in the smooth and smooth fireworks of the film, which puts this film firmly along with Sexo Con Amor, Taxi Para Tres and El chacotero Sentimental, a film guide that Chile is alive and technically well kicking in the post-transition period after 15 years of censorship of the military regime.
