Director / writer Andres Wesbluth worked for seven years to complete this two-hour film about underground crime in Santiago, Chile, and perhaps this is one of the reasons why the resulting film seems accidental and needs editing. Or maybe that's how the director, who has a wonderful sense of film fiction, follows. <br /> <br /> Two brothers - Silvio the Elder (Nestor Cantillana) and Victor Minor (Juan Pablo Miranda) - moved to Santiago from their home in Temuco after the death of their parents and Silvio worked to support Victor's education. On Christmas 17, Silvio takes the Virgin to the clubs where Victor encourages the loss of his virginity with a stripper. In a thin scene, Victor must face his emerging deficit while Silvio is out of the club grounds to convince the "angel" of his recruiting potential. <br /> <br /> Silvio goes to work in the "gang" as a personal guard / henchman and makes good money to support Viktor's education. But Victor has the eyes of one of the dancers in the club called Gracia (Antonella Rios) and begins to attract her, abandoning the school, causing Silvio's angry disappointment. It happened that Gracia is the pressure of the gang leader Don Pascoal (Alejandro Trejo) President Silvio! Gracias are the glue that connects this story to each other namely Viktor Victor, Silvio and Don Pasquale, and the results of this strange gainer you see have fatal consequences. Through a way to recount the story through the eyes of Victor, Silvio and Gracia, we develop to understand the weaknesses and cracks in each character that allow the results to fall. <br /> <br /> Looks like the core of the Chilean fantasy? Well, it has been portrayed in a dark, colorful and brutal manner and includes many frontal lashes (female and male) and provocative sexual encounters. But in the end, the sensual aspect of seeing the director is what drives this film, and plays on the vulgar soul of the vampire against the hardcore professional sexist. The cast is fairly strong, especially Antonella Rios in the role of Gracia hard. There are enough twists and turns and events that you think you understand the first offer to her but this change changes dramatically when it is told through the eyes of a different nature. Across the border for two hours, some wise adjustments would have helped the film's impact. In Spanish with English translation. Recommended for those who like the style of the film Noir Acute and the art of cinema in South America. Grady harp
