In films that rely on a film show from another region (or whatever Oscar title), "holes" are credible. I think it would be better for the author to create a script because the author is the creator of the article. If the author can not write a life-saving script, look for the author and talented person to be fluent in scriptwriting. Apart from that, this review revolves around "holes". <br /> <br /> The reasons that start here and the spoiler may have been found inside. (1) Lewis Sacher is an excellent author and it is clear that he can write a script. I watched the film and then read the book and was not surprised by the inconsistency or stupidity. Some people only have natural talents that can go beyond the media. (2) The Best Performance Award goes to LaBeouf to portray him as the main character. I have "dug" himself in this role. I wanted to see his character justified before the conclusion. (3) To step up a little thrill, Andrew Davis was brought. This is the man who made Harrison Ford run fast and run fast. It can also make Steven Seagal smash some heads. As for this film, he made Shiites and the rest of the boys digging holes. In other words, he can make a motion-packed movie and make it good even if the action is not the main type of action. (4) My second favorite performance goes to John Voight as Mr.. Sometimes, the role of the best fool in the performer stands out. When Voight pronounced the lines "Once upon a time ...", I have to laugh for half a minute because it was very funny. He is capable of comedy and has to investigate a few roles that allow him to practice that talent. (5) Tim Blake Nelson is very solid when given a solid text. This may be the second best role I've ever seen (second only to "Where are you?"). (6) I love selecting movie settings. I did not know that California was dry or barren. I think population and land numbers can be misleading. (7) The overall appearance of the film made me want another bottle of water. One can only imagine digging a hole in that barren area for half a day. (8) The rest of the representatives should also be entitled to a square of Kodus bars. Sigourney Weaver, Henry Winkler, Helio Thomas and Jake M. were exploited. Smith and the rest of the bill because of their talents, have been well exploited. Great cast although it was nowhere near the band. (9) I love a film that does not explain anything immediately. When Stanley settled into his head with these baseball clamps, he made me want to know how strange the events were and this could be a major component of making a good film. (10) Disney Pictures (not Touchstone, Disney !!) need to produce a few of these mature adult movies. That was convenient for me as a college student. Disney's latest mature films The events I saw were "Something Wicked That Way" and "holes" that might overtake it (like the 2000 elections, still to be closed). Disney can make greatness if they decide to expand in this genre and put the art in mind when milking a milking cow when they see it. Ten reasons give a degree of ten! <br /> <br /> All in all, "Holes" is one of my favorite movies for Disney and probably one of the best movies this year (awarded this movie might not be an Oscar material but who said the Oscar material is the best material?). In terms of being a film from a book I read, this occupies a place behind the "Fight Club" on my list (shown above). Being a film I saw in 2003, this is in the top five (somewhere behind the "Mystic River"). Compared to Harry Potter, Stanley Yelnats easily takes a shovel to Harry's head and brings the final death blow with a smelly sneaker to Potter's nose. Everyone must see this film because he knows Wesley. Here ends my rants!
