I am really serious and one of the coolest films I have had the pleasure of seeing. The wonderful thing is that a good book rarely turns into a movie that is not only good but, if possible, better than the novel on which it was based. Perhaps in the case of Lord of the Rings and Trainspotting, but they are rare. But I think the fact that Louis Sacher has been involved since the beginning has helped the masses, so that the film sticks to the story but takes it further. This movie contains many elements that make it as it is: <br /> <br /> 1. A unique story with a good mix of fun and humor, but a mature feature. 2. Wonderful actors. These actors and adults alike know how to present the story to life and to present their lines with enthusiasm and style without going abroad, as sometimes happens with children's films. 3. Breathtaking scenery. It does not matter if it is real or CGI, the setting itself is a masterpiece. I especially like the image of the holes from the bird's point of view. 4. A talented director blowing life into the book and turning it into a technical genius. Timely transformations work well and pick up a fixed peak of the book, resulting in twists throughout the film. 5. Louis Sacher! The man who made me read a book nonstop from start to finish so I can not put it. It makes sure the text sticks to the book, adding new parts to make it better. 6. Talk about the script! The outlines in this smart, smart and indifferent. But there are also parts that make you smile and make you cry and drown in your heart to make you love this story even more. 7. Sound nice. There is no song in this movie I did not like it, and this is something I think I'm supposed to be a rocker. The songs relate well to the story and add additional jazz to the overall genre of the film. If you buy the film, I recommend you buy the soundtrack too, especially for "If Only", which is centered around the story and contains a chorus of writers. <br /> <br /> I do not work for people who did Holes, by the way, I'm just a fan, I connect my favorite film and give it the review it deserves. If you do not see it, do it. right Now. This is a very moment. Go!
