Holes are a tale of the past and the way it affects the lives of at least three people. One of them will be my name, the other two are puzzles and they will stay as well. The Holes is a story about Stanley Yellens IV. It is unlucky in life. The unlucky actually distinguishes the fate of most of the Yelnats men, and since then exploits hard Stanley IV "is not very great and very very great". Those particular temptations were cursed by family men for many of the afflicted. During this period, we meet with Stanley IV. He was falsely accused of stealing a pair of baseball shoes, newly donated at an auction of homeless shelter, by a famous baseball player. He is given the option of imprisonment, or he can go to the camp to build a character. "I have never been in the camp before," says Stanley. However, the judge sends him enthusiastically to Camp Green Lake. <br /> <br /> Camp Green Lake is a strange place, with a strange philosophy: "If you take a bad boy, make him dig a hole every day in the blazing sun and turn him into a good boy. "We have the impression immediately that he is a dangerous man, at least he is wearing his position honestly, he does not think he is nice," said Pendansky (Tim Blake-Nilsson), a counselor at the camp. But he is quicker and faster than anyone else in power to unleash the most vicious verbal criticism of his accusation. It is a dusty, dry desert full of holes, five feet deep and five feet wide, and its local animals, it seems to be the only eagles, and the lizards with toxic yellow danger Green Lake, in many ways, is an inhabited place. <br /> <br /> The holes work despite the strange environment and the strange story, because they understand people, specifically because they are honest in their way of dealing with Green Lake camp inmates. The film captures the way children interact with one another perfectly. It embodies the way children can denounce each other, and they are able to gain admiration, the way they fight each other, and the way in which children join with the age line. This is the exact essence that makes everything else in the film believable. What also revives in this film is the good nature of his main character. He does not believe in a family curse, he is not bitter about his great exploits from his great grandfather, "his great rotten grandfather who steals pigs." In fact he likes to hear the story. Stanley IV was not bitter about the past, and did not insist on allowing him to influence him the way he had affected his father and grandfather. Sometimes there is a lot of sadness in the film, but there is not much exotic folly. This is refreshing. <br /> <br /> The holes are a smart and insightful family film. It's fun, not in any cheap way. It's not comedy, though he laughs. Dare to be convincing, as many family films tend to operate in a safe and traditional way. As such, the movie goes beyond the family and becomes just a good movie everyone can enjoy. Give it 10.
