Gruveyman2 (comment below) You are a complete fool ... blind by the ignorance of the city that you have loyalty to. It is the gentle arrogance, in which you claim that the film sinks from the SF, making you look like a typical LA LA ** hole! The only reason that made you feel that the movie was too fussy about SF is that you are jealous. Of course you do not know that because you do not irritate. First of all, the film was quite realistic about a beautiful city. What was filmed there and what was filmed by some of the most famous locals. Do not say anything bad about Los Angeles. These prominent managers choose to live in a beautiful city above Los Angeles. They know they went to the Los Angeles Film School and are proud of this fact. They realize that SF is close to Los Angeles and is a benefit. The only negative thing that was said and related to Los Angeles, was about the studio executives. The same studio executives who hated these guys films when they first saw, but then those same films went to huge movies all over the world. So why not have an antagonism towards the studio and studio studio system? These are the only people who are trying to "break away from them" for good reasons! Do not be too sensitive! How can you say that Francis Ford Coppola is the alleged "San Francisco" manager? How is this not considered? Who is the godfather? I did a coppola. It was his vision that told the story on the screen that won the Best Picture Award. What gave him the job? He admits in the documentary that he does not even want to do the film .... What is your point of view? And what if Sofia wants to live in Los Angeles? This proves your view how? Tell me how not to be really independent when they finance a lot of their own movies. Movies are now considered classic. When they filmed studio financing, the first one was Los Angeles. They told us that we wanted you to make these pictures and two, and they used the money they made to do these pictures to finance their own pictures. They said that exactly in the film. <br /> <br /> "Your gentle grumbling and self-congratulations will have greater self-respect and credibility if you do not set foot on the ground that you are superior to this film." <br /> <br /> How can hell be Being "eccentric" and "self-congratulatory" suddenly "air" of self-esteem and credibility .... if they do not go to Los Angeles again? What a stupid and meaningless comment! You have entered some big words out there ... and do not know how to use them! Incidentally, they never claimed or indicated that they were superior to Los Angeles! What if they give a man from New York an award in Los Angeles ... again what the hell is your point of view? So if they go to Los Angeles or New York, they are hypocrites just by preferring to live in SF? No sense to you. <br /> <br /> San Francisco is proud of itself, its legacy and the people who make it the way it is today. This film focused only on one side ... filmmaking. To spend time and write such bad comments about the city (not the movie! But the city and its people) prove only what the people of Northern California hate about people from Los Angeles! This is a great document ... very interesting, especially if you are from the Gulf area ... but I would recommend it to anyone.
