The trick of creating a strong and good mystery story is a question of timing as much as it relates to conspiracies, colorful characters or sudden twists. Anyone who has worked hard before frustrated by the crossword puzzles of the New York Times never ends, that any puzzle takes a long time to resolve it stops being any fun. The best murder mysteries, whether in the film or in print, are simple matters that are fairly simple, clear their threads, line up the suspects, and hope to set us off with some surprises; being complex without being unnecessarily confusing. And they are playing fair. In the second, third, and fourth scenes of clues and red herring, we should be equally happy to marvel at the extent to which all things are combined together as we were surprised in the first place. In fact, good excitement should be better than repeated performances where we expect double and triple intersections. <br /> <br /> The film "DEATHTRAP" by Sidney Lumette, as derived from the Broadway play by Era Levin, is a great example. He moves in a neat clip, skillfully mixes his skills, being (almost) quite honest with us (even when he lies to us) yet never reveals where he is going (even when he tells us where he can go). It is the film of murder in traditional feathers rather than a film about the secrets of murder, derived from a play about the composition of the play. Instead of going back - murder and then investigating why everything happened - DEATHTRAP brings us through crime (step by step), leaving a lot of room for what is unexpected; it also advises that it is "less destitute" than "who will." <br /> <br /> DEATHTRAP (oddly disagreeable) is often compared to SLEUTH's plays and movies, although in fact there is much in common with SCREAM, an article that mocks itself about horror clicks Very small. . Such a smart movie, called DEATHTRAP itself (thriller movie), and set parameters ("winning group of one category and five characters"), and then proceed to dismantle this type by revealing itself as "a set of strange and curious circumstances entertaining, including Enough to convince the public to suspend infidelity. " <br /> <br /> DEATHTRAP gives us courageously a mystery of only five major characters, two of which are of paramount importance. Henry Jones is often a handy lawyer for his presentation (and providing us with his inclination to the charm of people) and Irene Worth are all quirks and comic relief as a psychological victim acting as a nominal investigator. This leaves three main characters to be the murderer (or killers) and / or victim (victims): it is a testimony to the abilities of Michael Caen that while playing Sydney Bruhl, author of Mysterious Fortune, plays mystery, a character we love and trust in essence, Instantly that almost everything he says is a lie. As a lover to him, if the somewhat flamboyant wife, Mira, Diane Cannon is overcome by being a top performer by giving them a rotten ride of performance with a character that seems to be weak or arrogant, wacky or hysterical, shy or bold and in unrelenting love with less than Frequency Sydney. The third corner of this unexpected triangle is an emerging playwright named Clifford Anderson, played by Christopher Reeve in a way in which we never know his personality: a passionate, committed, innocent victimist or mentally ill. As the characters dance around each other, the cleverly written text, written by the writer John Bryson Allen, can always be amusing, even as the thrill builds. Even after the recent change (improvement in the finale of the play), it may not be quite clear who is dealing with who does what. <br /> <br /> Lumet is not the master of comedy in any way, so he allows his capable voices to have a free judgment to embody the characters and give them all sharp, playful but subtle works, with Reeve being remarkable. But what Lumit does well is to work skillfully in tight spaces. As he did brilliantly in 12 ANGRY MEN, plays a play of one set, and with minimal openness, he is able to make what could have been overcrowded, and recession and stagnation seem to be quite thin. The setting, a rustic house converted from an old mill, is relatively small, but as designed by Tony Walton, it is able to be warm and charming, as he is nervous and left. It is really hard to locate the skipping of the studio and the real country house so much that the group becomes a sixth character. As a crime scene, they are already the most inviting death incidents.
