After seeing the short version presented by David Sheppard, I finally got a full or closer version, which was about 56 minutes compared to the 30 minute version that was widely distributed. Shepard for Image Entertainment is certainly of high quality, and the best parts are there, but it's good to see the rest of the film and fill some of the ends of the story. <br /> <br /> In Shepard print the film ends with Mary saying, "You see, I've changed my mind - I will never go home." However, in the full version, Mary and Kenneth Driscoll soon end their relationship with the scene? Mary back home ?? Driscoll is reviving his relationship with Vivienne. These additional shots are developing the Vivian character, which was of little importance in the Shepard version. In addition, in the full version, the film begins in rural New Jersey with Mary, where she reads and imagines her ideal lover. I was disappointed with the progress made by the "mocking boy" farm Johnny Appellum (a figure completely absent from the Shepherd version), but after her relationship with Driscoll, she returned to the country to assume that she would eventually become a farmer's wife. <br /> <br /> Regardless of the printout, "A Girl's Folly" is a small, good 1917 film by a leading director of Maurice Tournor in 1910. In this way Tourneur takes a lot of work in his own work , Including by playing a caricature about himself - the film's director within the film. The two leaders also offer high-quality performances through the early screen representation criteria: Robert Warwick, the actor who plays the role of a star chasing the skirt, and Doris Kenyon, as a leader looking to play an innovative role on the screen. <br /> <br /> Self-reference films, which made filmmaking the focus of films, were not new now. Mack Sennett has already made such films three years ago through "Mabel's Dramatic Career". Several aspects of this one stand out, though. The titles of Francis Marion's humor, including illustrations of the chessboard players with their guiding hand, are striking in 1917. I particularly liked the titles of the final film title, where two observers noticed the happy end of the film: "Gee but not this romantick!" Other, "Romance, nuthin! ?? This is movin 'pictures!" A fellow scriptwriter Anita Los presented a similar conclusion to another 1917 film, Wild and Woolly. Both authors helped change the role of their careers in art and work. <br /> <br /> Some photographs by Tornor and John van den Brooke are good, especially with regard to the film industry. Using mirrors in many scenes is a nice enhancement to the film's self-reflection. Moreover, liberalization is exceptional. Quick view intersects during studio scenes in particular. He works to punctuate the work of filmmakers at a hectic pace, especially at that time.
