Riff Randell is a fan of a rock group. Rammons as well as most students at school. But a new tyrant for the headmaster, Ms. Tojar believes that rock and roll has a bad influence on students, especially the music of Ramones. So, when Riff discovers that they are performing in the city, she goes beyond the classroom for a few days to get tickets for herself and her friends. But when Ms. Tojar discovers the reason for her really vacationing for those days, she confiscated the tickets. At the time this happens, Tom Roberts is considered to be the love of Riff, but Riff Kate Rambeau's girlfriend feels the same way towards Tom. But Riff has her eyes placed only on the main singer Joe Ramon and we hope to reach this concert to make them play her song. <br /> <br /> Merry! Fun! Fun! Yes, that's true 'Rock n Roll High School' does not drift away from the main focus? The Screaming, Rough Rap! It was not what I expected, that's for sure. It seems that all the participants in this exquisite project are spending a wonderful time, and its comfortable nature appears on the screen with energy that provides a glowing spirit, making it an invaluable experience. This does not mean that I think her art and plot are meaningless. But by watching this crazy journey escalating into some high, harmless ginkgo, I could not wipe the smile from my face. It is tacky, very cheesy, very messy, but a funky curse! <br /> <br /> The low-budget feature of the product is Roger Korman and John Dante, who was a co-writer (in addition to directing some of the scenes when director Alan Arkush was hospitalized in a shootout on the last day). It is essentially a glorious tribute to the vibrations of the 1950s rocking by adhering to fruitful clichés and throwing them into the soup sign of teenage rebelliousness because of the generational gap between them and adults (who always know the best). These features may not be particularly fresh, but they give some attraction due to dynamic and robust processing. The film has only one thing in mind, that comes out of the vortex! They were able to do so. With the permission of "Ramones", who play themselves. Really, you can tell his great video clip, because it's all about Ramones ?? Well, more so anyway. I see great volatility in the actors' ability to act. These are musicians and not actors, which means that it's not about acting here, it's the music we're supposed to dig. They're here to perform! They are, which advance in this front with some kick ass tracks that permeate the film to create a completely optimistic vibe. Especially, their wonderful musical performances. The dramatic soundtrack has some deadly rhythms from other artists such as Devo, The Velvet Underground, MC5, Fleetwood Mack, Eddie, Hot Rods and Alice Cooper. But these jumping tracks are well equipped with a carefree feeling and so the result was worked fairly well. Especially in the scenes that include Mrs. Tugar with the result absorbing the right mood that surrounds her mind set. The terrifying mood of the film is much like riding a roller coaster with such a lively rhythm between electrified melodies and comedies that range from occasional intermittent routines to intelligent dialogue at times. There are a variety of light and heavy gags that have been thrown well, which I found very enjoyable and gave them a wider range to express themselves. <br /> <br /> What gave the film an extra boost must be the PJ divine slippers (known for its performance on Halloween), which gave such a bang as the Riff Randell peach. Other typical performances include De Young, such as the very kind Kate Rambo and Vincent Van Patten as the friendly Tom Roberts and going to the Eagleburger man who Clint Howard played brilliantly. Some highlights of the regular Corman are also featured with great submissions from Mary Woronov, which outweighs Ms. Togar, who demands unfair refereeing for the students, Paul Bartle as Mr. McGree and a small supporting role from Dick Millar in the end. An enthusiastic representation is a beautiful camp, but this is well in line with the material and there is a certain possibility that stems from these characters, but we totally despise Mrs. Togar and her father in observing the hall. <br /> <br /> The bush here when I say 'Rock' n 'Roll High School' is a scary fit, for Rad's time!
