The brain that did not die was so hated in 1959 that many cuts were required and three years before it was issued in 1962. Today it is hard to imagine how anyone could take it as seriously as in 1959; It is rude, but it is incredibly ridiculous in a very vague way. <br /> <br /> The story, of course, is about a tried-and-true doctor trying to plant limbs - and when he kills his girlfriend in a car accident running to his secret laboratory. With the help of a few telephone cords, two clamps, and what generally resembles a shallow skillet, it restores its head to life. But is she grateful? Not barely. In fact, she seems to be definitely infected with everything, especially when it turns out that the doctor plans to tie her head to another body. <br /> <br /> As it happens, the doctor is satisfied with this new body: he wants to build a speed, walking on a journey to unwanted women on the sidewalks of the city, chasing the joints of the bar, and visiting beautiful contests of the body, Cheese in search of endowments that will raise his eyebrows. But in the laboratory, the head developed a chemically induced neural link with another clinical trial, which is so miserable that it is kept out of sight in a useful laboratory cabinet. Can they work together to get rid of bitter and malignant labored help, retaliation from the doctor, and rescue the woman who is stalking her body? It could be! Leading man Jason Evers plays the role of a belligerent doctor as if he had received a large dose of the Spanish fly; Virginia Laith, the unfortunate head, screams and cuffs despite the fact that she does not have lungs and may not even have any vocal cords. Busty Babe revolves around incredibly trivial music, actors make irrational changes from person to person, dialogue is meaningless over the plot, and you will need a calculator to add up to goofs continuity. On the whole, the "brain" that does not die seems more unintentionally funny than Ed Wood. <br /> <br /> In fact, director Joseph Green managed to keep everything moving in a very good clip and looking at the film today it is easy to pick out the scenes that influenced subsequent filmmakers, who undoubtedly saw the thing when they were young and frustrated. Before they dispense with it. I've lost forever the cuts before the movie started, but the TV cuts were made in the Alpha version. While the quality of the movie and sound is not particularly great, it's also good to remember that they might be "all that good <br /> <br /> Now, this is one of those movies you'll find either incredibly boring or amazing, depending on your point of view, so it's very hard to make a recommendation. Ed Wood or Russ Meyers, you'll need to pick it up now! Four Stars to Exotic Cheese Alone! GFT, Amazon Commentators
