There are two film experiences I will always cherish. The first was seeing Star Wars for the first time at the age of ten with my little brother. The second is sneaking into Halloween at the Tripple Plex restaurant with my dear friend Trevor in late October 1978. Halloween made me fearless and afraid to speak. Everyone knows the story. Michael Myers decides to kill his sister on Halloween in 1963. He flees from a mental hospital 15 years later to return to Hadoffield to destroy the devastation again. Laurie (Jimmy Lee Curtis), a big shy babysitter, has discovered and begins to chase her. She kills her friends at party parties in the street, one by one, where Michael sets up a plot to get her. Ironically, the little boy who tends to be on Halloween is afraid of "dancing" and can see it outside. During the killing, Dr. Sam Lomis (Donald Blaiseans) works hard to find Michael before he releases his anger. He has no evidence, no evidence, just an intuition to sell to Sheriff Bracket (Charles Cyphers). When the plot unfolds, you have a thriller-driven movie rather than the thrill of cheap thrill. Alfred Hitchcock once said: "You could have four men at the table playing cards and they do not know there's a bomb going off, it's a cheap thrill, yet put four men on a table to find a bomb and discuss what to do about it - , Then you have suspense. " Director John Carpenter takes this advice to Halloween in Halloween. The audience will see glimpses of it outside, watching, and chasing its victims. We are the moments. Will he kill her? When will he kill her? Then, Michael disappears. Carpenter also uses suspense instead of the special effects that Gore usually presents. This film contains a little blood, but it still provides good concerns. One of the best scenes is Michael Raises Bob on Earth. Install the knife while the moon shines and then leads. All you hear is a loud jingle, and then the audience sees that Bob's feet are falling unashamedly. Carpenter was the first to use the point of view of the murderer's place. This also tops our audience. what will he do? What is going on inside his mind? Finally, add ingenious Carpenter's degree to stress. In addition, his tandem screen writings with Debra Hill give us the story of the evolution of characters we care about. Adolescents are not "mad at the celebration," but simply go through the rebellious anger of the teenage wasteland. Finally, there is some sort of decent representation in the low-budget B movie. Nick Kassel, who plays "Shape" (Michael), adds something to the reckless killer. It is cold, without mercy, and without any diseases. Moreover, the character does everything the same way. Kills only when they are trapped, or to set up a trap. It divides the victims. It also depends on brute force. This user mask (William Shatner Whitening Mask) gives an impression of something that has no soul or passion. While Pleasance melodrama in its blocked monologues, it is encountered by a person who is afraid, hopeless and determined. It made me wonder if it represented the attempt to fade modernity to explain evil. The jewel of the crown, however, is the debut of Jimmy Lee Curtis. She plays Lori as a person who is afraid, but also strong and strong who fights back. It was the end that left me speechless. This was the first concept of the serial killer that was indestructible and could not be stopped. Movies like Star Wars have the advantage that they can be enjoyed many times. Halloween, and other scary movies, though, do not have this feature. So if we can erase our minds the first time we see a film to try it again as if new and new, Halloween will be the film I choose.
