As I mentioned earlier, John Carpenter's 1978 classic is one of the first two films I can remember and are deeply influenced by (the other is Conan the Barbarian). I was really afraid that the only monster under my bed was Michael Myers, whom I eventually endorsed (a fictional friend) to prevent him from killing me during my sleep. Now this is a horror for a 10 year old child. <br /> <br /> It's a classic horror film and I'm sure my humble assessment will not do it with the justice it deserves. The most surprising thing is that the film still works, probably not in a guttural reaction but more of a cognitive or immediate subconscious possibility. All this can happen. It is not in the realm of impossibility or is located in a foreign country (most modern horror, such as Hostel, Touristas, Cry Wolf, Saw, etc.). Sometimes the painting is while the rest descends to our imagination. I think this element is what keeps people terrified or at least afraid to go out at night while still recording soundtracks in their heads. It is still working because we can replace the implicit or high killing with anything more frightening that our mind can create. So we ourselves contribute to our fears and concerns. <br /> <br /> Carpenter weaves a simple story about a child every day, middle class, suburban and relatively benign suburbs settle on Halloween and kill his sister. He then spends 15 years in an institution (which we do not thank fortunately) just to escape and return to his hometown, the notorious Haddonfield. In his way he kills and kills. The name of the child is Michael Myers, although he is not a person. John Carpenter uses Michael Myers as a metaphor against implied safety in the middle-class suburbs. In the US security and safety stronghold, chaos continues to strike. <br /> <br /> Michael stopped being a person by killing him. He is not a violent murderer, human or mentally unstable. It is an unstoppable force. The general Zayat, the White Shattner White Mask, the lack of any other dialog box, and then the breath, help to strip Michael's generation of his humanity and perfection. This is the source of all his strength. He is anonymous, speechless and unnoticed in any way except as a source of continuing chaos. This helped in cinematography (the effect of postcards), the lack of information / motivation / interpretation and the experience of the veteran narration of Donald Blumens (Dr. Lomis). The owner of most of the highest performance and discomfort sell "Figure". This is also the first film by Jamie Lee Curtis as Laurie Stroud, the innocent girl who deters chaos in the face of overwhelming odds (at least for some time). <br /> <br /> Although this is not the first movie of this new horror movie (Black Christmas was released 4 years ago), it is the most successful and does not diminish when reviewed. If you are not afraid of long horror movies (like me), it is likely to make the hair on the back of your head tremble in the first chords of the soundtrack to the signature. I highly recommend this film as a film to see a horror film and one of John Carpenter's top careers.
