I must admit, this is one of my favorite horror movies of all time. The unique way in which John Carpenter has framed this image and opened the door to many of the visual species will calm you down, whether it's the first time you've seen it or 50. Michael Myers' humiliating sound and horror and the infamous scream of Jimmy Lee Curtis gives the film an immediate state of worship and a great beginning for the independent age. I love music, I love characters, the fashionable setting after the nervous, the simple nature of the villain, the random chaos of everything. There is really no rhyme or reason to die in this first film, which gives us a taste of Michael's true nature. Is it crazy, or somehow just a very bright monster? This question may not really be answered, but Carpenter gives us 100% of his dedication to this wonderful masterpiece. <br /> <br /> John Carpenter is the master of horror. Although his films were not as recently as they were before (see the ghosts of Mars), Halloween has begun in his professional power. This is his final film. And while other greats have been released, I always remember this film as the movie that caused all lights to be extinguished, the children were careful, and the closed doors were closed, because you never knew where the evil would come from. Carpenter has this amazing ability to bring you to the world where we are weaving. Thanks to the power of his camera, Meyers puts these images in places you do not expect very much, giving you the perception as if the killer was right next to you. I loved every scene we retrieved and there was Michael watching from afar without anyone being wiser. It was scary, but absolutely fabulous. I liked the scenes Carpenter succeeded in your fear of thin air. There will be, taking into account your own work, when this terrible mask suddenly emerges from nowhere. Like the characters, you also think it was just a trick to the eye, but that's what Carpenter gets, he is not. Michael is not a ghost, he is a man (or at least we believe), but he has a stronger mental ability than most of the main characters. This leads to some really dark subjects and unexplored iconography, but even without it, it's a neurotic film. <br /> <br /> Then, if you do not have enough Michael just evaporates in your home windows Carpenter adds that the music is chilling. I still have this eavesdropping piano keys in my mind, wondering constantly whether Myers is looking at me through the window. Carpenter found an ideal combination of visual horror and terrifying sounds to predict what might happen to our unsuspecting future victims. It's a murderer, and it's done with its original originality and unique excitement more than anything that Hollywood horror released today can rally. Halloween Carpenter is the same as the fresh air in the midst of what can be a year of severe horror, replaced with the real concerns of Paris Hilton, you know that quality is not the same. <br /> <br /> Finally, I would say that even the simplistic nature of the opening murder in this film is terrifying and frightening. Use the mask "clown" sent shivers up my spine. The way that the shot was shot with the child's mask is still as if our eyes were one of the best horror slots ever! He perfectly sets the tone for the remainder of this film. You have a babysitter theme, you have a childlike behavior carried by Michael throughout the film, and you have the art talent of Carpenter in each one. I could literally talk to hours and hours about this film, but instead go better to watch it again. It is worth repeating the visit several times! <br /> <br /> In general, I think this is one of the most distinguished films in the history of cinema. Skip all those foreign movies that you think will have the chance to face movies, leave them to Carpenter and budget tight. This unique film has redefined a whole generation of horror films and continues to impact on contemporary horror treatments. The deadly mix of a real neuron killer, a strong cinematography of events (which usually do not live up to horror movies), Jamie Lee Curtis's beauty is exactly what makes Halloween a movie that beats the rest of the movies. Certainly Freddy is cool and feels empathetic to Jason, but Michael is real, he is troubled, and he is in a state of lustful lust for the blood of jams. What could be better? <br /> <br /> Row: ***** From *****
