Halloween is not only the land of all the bright films but the greatest horror film ever! John Carpenter and Debra Hill invented the most disgusting and frightening film of all time with this classic radiator. Michael Myers is a huge monster in this film, inspiring dozens of imitators, such as Jason Vorhis (Friday the 13th), The Miner (My Bloody Valentine) and Charlie Puckett (The Night Brings Charlie). Well, so it's a bit vague there, but it shows you just the effect this movie has on the whole horror genre. The beast is no longer to come from the tomb of King Tut or from Dr. Frankenstein's laboratory. Can be established in the comfortable small neighborhoods of the suburbs. And at night came to the house ... Haddonfield, Illinois and viewers will not be the same. There are many aspects of this movie that make it the jewel of the crowning horror movies. The first is the setting ... it happens in what seems to be a normal neighborhood in the suburbs. Many of us who grew up in such an area can easily identify the characters. This is the kind of neighborhood where you feel secure, but if the problem starts to calm down, no one wants to raise his finger to participate (especially when a very crazy man tries to slow the heroine of our youth). The movie happens on Halloween !! The coolest night of the year! While most people dig Jack lanterns, Michael Myers looks forward to carving some teenage knights. Besides setup, there is some great representation. Jamie Lee Curtis is doing well as our heroine, Lori Stroud, a high school student who has two shoes she can never find a date. However, Donald Blaise, like Dr. Sam Lomis, is already stealing the show. His portrayal of the good doctor, who knows the kind of evil that hides behind the black eyes of Michael Myers and feels compelled to send him to hell once and for all, is a myth of horror. However, the result of the synthesizer is that this image really drives, as it seems to have put scenes in the film almost. Once you hear that, you will never forget it. I also enjoy the grainy feel of this picture. These days, they seem to sharpen the image of each film, and give us all the details of the monster we're supposed to be afraid of. On Halloween, John Carpenter never allowed us to see Michael Myers. It always seems to be part of the shade, and I think that's what makes it so terrifying. There are many scenes where Michael is partially visible and is spying on young teenagers (without their knowledge), which increases his strength. If you think about it, some wacko can watch you right now and you will not know it. Unfortunately for our teenagers (and fortunately for horror lovers), when they find Michael, he does not look for candy on this Halloween night ... he is looking for blood. Finally, Michael Myers considers himself a key element in the film's effectiveness. Laurie Stroud's relentless pursuit makes him look like the killer who will never stop. He is the man who will haunt you for the rest of your life. So, if you have not watched this movie (if there are still some of you never before, or even if you have), pick up some popcorn, turn off all light, and spread this to the old DVD and watch it in a state of fear. trick or treat!
