I recently went through a stage where I wanted to see why horror movies in the 1990s can not carry a horror movie in the 1970s and 1980s. I was very public in this forum about the ghost of films such as The Haunting and Urban Legend and the like. I feel they (and others like them) do not know what real horror is. It bothered me so much that I went to my local video shop and rented some classic horror movies. I already own every Friday, so I hired the Texas Massacre Massacre, the original nightmare on Elm Street, the Jaws, the Exorcist, Angel Hart, the Spooker and Halloween. Now other movies are classic in themselves but here I want to tell you about Halloween. Because what Halloween does is something perhaps another film in the history of a horror film can do, it uses subtle techniques, techniques that do not rely on blood and wound, and uses it to scare the living light of you. I was in a room on my own with lights off and regardless of my knowledge, I wanted to look behind me to see if Michael Myers was there. There is no film I have seen in the past 10 years that did not do that to me. There is no film. <br /> <br /> John Carpenter made a low-budget movie and feared a generation of moviegoers. Show that you do not need budgets in numbers 8 or 9 to raise fear on the public. Because the best element sometimes is not what actually happens, but what is about to happen. What was this shadow? What was this noise upstairs? He knows that these are ways to intimidate someone and use every element of horror textbooks that I think you can use. I think he made some of his ideas and these should be ideas that people use today. But they do not. No one uses lighting and detail to raise fears, uses special effects and rivers of blood. This is not the same. You can not be afraid of a giant special effect that produces high noise and jumps from the wall. It's the moments when the killer lurks somewhere, you do not know where it frightens you. Halloween does not work like any other film in this endeavor. <br /> <br /> In 1963, Michael Myers killed his sister with a large butcher knife and then spent 15 years of his life, silently imprisoned in an institute. "I spent eight years trying to reach him and then another seven years to make sure he never came out, because what I saw behind those eyes was pure," says Lomis. Manic an uncompromising idea of ​​a killer who will not stop at anything to get what he wants. All he wants here is Laurie's death. No one knows why he wants to kill him, but he does not. (The second Halloween continues the story well) <br /> <br /> What Carpenter did here is to get a painful degree, the wrong lighting techniques, wrote and produced a masterpiece with a tight rhythm of horror. There is one scene that needs to be described. This is the scene where Annie is on her way to pick up Paul. Go to the car and try to open it. She then realizes that she has left her keys at home. She gets it and goes outside and opens the door of the car unintentionally without using the keys. The audience picks up this but does not. She is very busy thinking about Paul. When you sit down, you notice that the windows have stumbled. She is puzzled and begins to clear the fog, then hit Myers from the back seat. This is a wonderful sight because it cares about the details. We know what is happening and I do not. But from the astute observations made by Carpenter that scared the hell out of filmgoers in 1978 and beyond. <br /> <br /> Halloween uses hazy images of a murderer standing in the background, shadows shimmering across the wall, dark rooms, and creepy and gaudy music, a vicious story recounted relentlessly by Donald Blazens and a tireless threat. the killer. My advice to filmmakers of our time and age is to study Halloween. It should be the blue version of what the scary films are about. After all, Carpenter followed Hitchcock's steps, perhaps the manager should follow him. <br /> <br /> Halloween embodies all that frightens us. If you get bored of all the reckless horror movies that do not know the difference between evil and gravity, Halloween is a movie to watch. He will not let you down. I enjoy the fear, I do not know why, but I do. But nothing scared me in the 1990s, except perhaps one film (the nightmare of the last Wes Craven). If you enjoy the fear of humans, Halloween is what you should see. If you've already seen it a hundred times, go see it again, go back with a movie like Urban Legend. Urban Legend will tempt all the beautiful faces in the film. Halloween will make you frozen in fear, stuck in your seat, not wanting to move. Tell me now, what horror movie would you like to watch? <br /> <br /> To follow up just after watching the zombie version, makes you appreciate this much more. This is a classic by definition. Zumbi is absent from his novel, but does not depart from the brilliance of this novel.
