The fire and snow watch reminded me for the first time of my experience of seeing 300 last year. It was not a bad film at all, certainly not mediocre, but the conspiracy and dialogue were at best traditional and at best a kind of confusion and one-dimensional dimensions (which, perhaps based on Frank Miller's comic book, was the right decision to go with). But her core strength was drawn from intense work and bloody battles, and this 14-year-old feeling was aroused by the sight of men wrestling in a bloody sword-led fight, sometimes with the mysterious creature or the high-temperature female to go with the painterly ocean. Although I probably re-watched Fire and Ice before 300 again, the two have raised a similar feeling - except this time, of course, Frank Frazita, the famous artist and designer of innumerable books and paper graphics, collaborates with director Ralph Bakshi, In what is not considered typical Hollywood fare but something for fanatics fanatics. <br /> <br /> What does this mean for fans today to see the movie for the first time (perhaps now coveted nostalgia for those who were young and watched with their Masters of the Universe VHS tapes a day) are the potential drawbacks mentioned earlier, perhaps You will see something rather unique. Fire and Ice is not even the only feature of the Bakshi type that has been recycled, but it is perhaps the most fluid - if not my personal favorite - among the few that it has made, and it and its team are creating a totally amazing world part of prehistoric, The wonderful world, part of the Middle Ages, touched everyone with the hand of painters with regard to backgrounds, heaven and land. There is a slight drawback to Bakshi lovers in this aspect of personal design. Bakshi went so far as to say that he was more of a Frazita than he was. This may be true, but it does not make it eye-catching or curious at those moments when we do not see people being killed or exposed to fast or slow motion (my favorite was the immediate skeletal guide - how I am amazed by the sight). <br /> <br /> I neglected to describe the plot because it would defeat the purpose of recommending it. If you are already involved in this type of approach and the animation approach, the plot will be important, depending on the extent to which the warring factions, the "girl" or the princess are at risk, or that the hero has to prove himself or his hands. , With characters named Nekron and Darkwolf (the coolest male to many and comic book in appearance) and Teegra (a model hottie who is almost * also * perfect for male teen fictional character). What the plot does, as an asset, is to allow a series of initiators and suspense parts around the event, and increased risk in the next big battle, such as when the Gouldan wrestles after Teegra and has to face sudden crazy monsters and creatures emerging from logs and lakes. As is usual for Bakshi, some madness (if not his usual savage madness) is invoked in the midst of all these obvious fantasy materials. If you've seen processors, you'll understand what I mean less. <br /> <br /> So, if you're an animator, look for it right away for some "old school" (ie 1980s) work and design is incredible. For anyone else, it is good, not wonderful, and I would like to say flawlessly about its logical extension of the 21st century, with some modifications, 300.
