These audiences are happy at a number of film festivals, and it is not difficult to find out why. Director Yang Zhang, with the help of some very nice work by the three main actors, Xu Chu-father, Master Liu; Quanxin Bo, the eldest Calaban, Deming; and especially Wu Jiang, the youngest beloved and beloved, That warms the most cold hearts. <br /> <br /> The film begins with a man bathe in an automatic booth in mid-Beijing. He puts some money into a hole, opens the door, takes off his clothes, puts some on a conveyor belt to clean it, enters the bathroom, and brushes with the same soapy water as if he were in a car wash. This is the future symbolically, and the old bathroom that we will see in the next scene is the past. China's agriculture gives way to China's industrial. <br /> <br /> Pollution? Cultural Revolution hang? Manufacturing Blues? Not possible. What we have here is the celebration of people, their kindness and love for each other, the celebration of goodness in the hearts of men. However, I wonder how the Chinese government sees this film. On the one hand, it clearly provides a nice vision for China and its people. It is strictly non-political without criticizing the present regime, either explicitly or implicitly. However, there is a lower sense that good old ways will be replaced by something that may not be good. I think Yang Chang had the wisdom to let it be possible. He tells a story about elderly men in the bathroom where they recuperate from massage and massage. They tell long stories and remember the old days, where they can relax, play Chinese chess and cricket matches, where a wise young spy is his son, who may be backward or autistic, His work with joy and a contagious spirit of fun and goodwill. <br /> <br /> Go back to the scene of the new eldest son, Deming, who is polished, well cared for and a little bit. He is not comfortable with what he considers to be an unfashionable behavior for his father and brother. He represents modern China with his tie, his bag, his cell phone and his education. He just returned because he thought his father was dying. When he finds that this is not true, he packs his bags and prepares to return to his wife and his career. But then a crisis ensued. During this crisis, Daming sees the value of a natural life centered around the people his father and brother lived. <br /> <br /> Yang Chang thus reconciles the old and the new, doing so in such a charming way that I will not object, especially since his style is very elegant and expressed very carefully. One of the nice things he has done, which I miss in most films, is how the sub-parts within the big story are connected so that they are resolved before the picture ends. The ordinary pigeon who sings "Oh Waheed Meo" in the bathroom while the water falls on him, which makes the joy of Air Ming, sees that he can not sing in public places because of the stage. Near the end of the film, he loses his fear of the theater and sings thanks to some inspiring help from Er Ming. And the ordinary bathroom that loses his wife because ... well, tells a story of Mr. Liu before he admits the real reason. But Liu understands, and again before the film ends, the husband and wife are reconciled. <br /> <br /> This kind of "happy" filmmaking is unusual in international and artistic films today, or in almost any film directed at adults. Some happy endings are so fabricated that they not only embarrass their competitors but their fans. Some of them so blatantly that the public feels insulted. Here, however, the public is pleased. <br /> <br /> Watch this especially for the comedian performance of Wu Jiang, whose warm grandeur overcomes any handicap he may have.
