I saw this movie in the theater when it came out. I grew up in Scottsdale and went to Arizona and really enjoyed seeing the sites where I spent a lot of time. I remember at that time that I think that Barbara's adventure in the sound of rock music (in fact R and B- to my ears) was successful. I have never been a fan of Chris singing until his last effort for the new West. As a songwriter and actor, though, he has a serious cut, IMHO. I think it's a pretty love story. I love it better than Judy Garland's version and I've never seen Janet Gainor from Selznick. <br /> <br /> I think they made some changes to the long awaited DVD version. Among other things, I remember the helicopter shot that reveals the long and spectacular Sun Devil Stadium. I wish they had done a better job writing music than Chris or God forbid, they put some of his original songs there. <br /> <br /> Along these lines I have some information from an initial source saying that music was a problem for Chris and Barbara. While interviewing the new musical documentary "Rocking the Boat: A Musical Conversation and Journey," I met Steven Broughton, a singer / songwriter / guitarist with close professional and personal connections to Chris, Bonnie Wright and Gilbert McClinton. Stephen was at the Speedway, a personal band of John Norman. Chris was spending a really hard time transforming what was basically a result of pop into something that could go through rock music. Stephen was a friend of Chris and a member of the band for a long time. There was tension in the group and at one point the band was barking at Chris in the presence of Barbara. I noticed that the band should not talk to him that way. Chris went straight back to know that they were his friends and they were rock and roll! In the end, Barbara came and decided to use Chris' live shows in the film, specifically Steven's role in making things work. I have gained greater respect for her as an artist when I hear this story. Many of them are composed as a singer. What a pro. I am not gay. Not that there is anything wrong with that.
