It was a popular film at the time of its original release (it was the second highest statistical film in 1976), and the third version of A STAR IS BORN was copied by critics and fans alike. But the film is open to negative reviews, but the budgeted picture of $ 5.6 million went to more than $ 150 million at the box office and won the Oscars and five Golden Globe awards. The most commercially successful film, Strisand, is one of the most controversial paradoxes. For every 10 fans who mentioned that STAR is the best film in Strisand, there are always ten others who claim to be the weakest film in their filmography. Although both sides have some merit in supporting their claims, it is still necessary to point out that in the 70s, A STAR IS BORN is still one of the most entertaining and entertaining Hollywood entertainment dramas. For my money, it is the best version of the story that is often told. <br /> <br /> The movie is very fun and absorbing a lot. Changing the setting from the old Hollywood studio system to a competitive world in the music industry was a fantastic idea. The scenario provides a realistic contrast between the story of romance and its professions. This is the main area that the 1976 version of A STAR IS BORN outperforms its classic predecessors. For example, the film is particularly successful in portraying personal and professional difficulties during recording sessions and endless phone calls that intersect Christopherson's attempts to compose songs. This version of the story is more believable in his portrayal of leading characters. For example, the leading female in the previous two versions was virtuous and sacrificed to the point that they were saints. On the other hand, Esther, the female leader in this version, is not only portrayed as strong and emotional, but also flawed and contradictory. This makes her feel more "real" than the characters of Janet Ginor or Judy Garland that she has felt in previous films, and makes the story much more effective. <br /> <br /> All presentations are targeted, even if some of the supporting characters' performances are not sufficiently embodied. If you are looking for an actress / singer who can walk on a fine line between tough and weak without making herself seem like a screenplay scenario, Streisand is definitely the girl you want. She is one of the few movie stars who can have a more normal dialogue that seems normal and natural, and as usual, she has a strong emotional relationship with the viewer. Simply put, Ester is a three-dimensional person. Chris Christoferson may not now have much respect for his relaxed characterization, yet he is always watching it and showing magnetic charisma here is rarely shown anywhere else in his career. Christoferson actually received rave reviews at the time of Newsweek, Time, and even the evil Pauline Kyle in New York. Gary Busey and Paul Mazursky offer reliable performances, but both have very little screen time. <br /> <br /> The recording of the movie's soundtrack has also been phenomenal, with Billboard's Hot 200 being the No. 1 and its sales exceeding 4 million copies in the United States alone. The song "Evergreen" by Streisand (with words by Paul Williams) is undoubtedly one of the most exciting songs in contemporary pop music, which has been brought to another life thanks to the unprecedented sound performance of Streisand. The rest of the original songs of the film (mostly written by Williams and Robert Holmes) are very good, and Strisand looks fantastic - her individual numbers remain alone in memory long after the rest of the film faded. The vibrant Streisand "Woman In The Moon" and "With One More Look At You" offer exciting life, making smarter numbers like "Queen Bee" work much better than her. Christopherson's individual numbers appear to be somewhat heterogeneous, yet it may be intentional because he is playing in a slump. <br /> <br /> Although naturally dated in some respects (definitely reflecting the decade in which it was created), the 1970s take on the STAR IS BORN still holding well. The film is well synthesized and produced in a slow way, the chemistry between the threads is very strong and always feels the truth, and Streisand has emotional viewers near the end and both are influential. In conclusion, STAR IS BORN is not only entertaining and moving, it goes beyond all criticism.
