Thirty years after its initial release, the third edition of "A Star Is Born" comes to DVD in a package that will satisfy the most dedicated fans of Barbra Streisand. This will include me since I just saw her in a concert among other characters, the female anthem "Woman in the Moon" from the 1976 film. Easy to dismiss, the story of the career polarization film is a powerful pile of Hollywood-style cliches that have different forms in other films Including "Funny Girl" by Streisand. This time she is re-assigned to the contemporary musical scene. Timuron's plot follows the self-destructive rock star John Norman Howard in his deep diving career as he meets the club's Ester Hoffmann, who is waiting for a big break. <br /> <br /> The courtship is dangerous from the start, where John Norman (both names please) responds to fans and musicians who have no blood through random violence (inexplicably escaped the trial). For John Norman, Esther is his last glimpse of happiness, and in turn she is drawn to a decent musician instinctively under the facade. In the most central scene in the film, Esther gives her a big break at a concert and sets out for her career. Inevitably, he can not cope with the failure of his career in the light of its meteorological success, and if you are familiar with any version of this story, you know the rest. Directed by Frank Pearson (although Streisand's instructional preschool talent is clearly presented), the film is still able to attract my attention, although I know it is stooped and deceptive. It still has a certain emotional resonance despite its many drawbacks. <br /> <br /> Although Streisand is in its infancy the ideal choice for playing a rising singing star, her character on screen is too strong and predefined to play Esther with credibility. The same can be said for its style of performance, as the text seems to offer allowances for its contemporary adult-oriented materials to be accepted into the rock-world of the arena. From the moment she pushed her head up the center of Oreo, she could not help but come across as a well-established star. I can forgive the break because it is an unrivaled voice talent, but what has become less tolerant is how to make Esther stricter than influential when John Norman's problems become overwhelming. This creates an oddly disturbing dynamic in the latter part of the film when it becomes less about what caused the peak event of Esther's response to it. This was interrupted by an intermittent eight-minute shot of her monumental performance - great except when it unfortunately mimicked the style of John Norman in the end. <br /> <br /> Kristoferson, on the other hand, performs superbly throughout, managing a level of honesty that is based on the film and makes clear his simultaneous feelings of love, pride and resentment toward Esther. He makes his vodka roar soaked on stage working in this context. Otherwise, what always surprises me about this release is how all supporting characters are moved to the background as if they were not present unless they interact with school principals. The only ones to score are Paul Mazurski as head coach John John Noran Bryan and Gary Bossy as manager of his sarcasm Bobby. Veteran photographer Robert Soretz offers a great experience in filmmaking despite the continued level of graininess in printing. The vocalist is a big salesman in his day, a mix of different styles since the 1970s - some songs are still very good ("Everything", "Woman in the Moon", "Close Witness Now"), The music group ("Queen Bee", Kenny Loggins "I Believe in Love") and of course, "Evergreen" are inevitable. <br /> <br /> Transfer printing on DVD 2006 is clean and a clear sound with gratitude for remastering. Streisand is the main entrant for extensions that start with their long suspension. They give insight into the genesis of the film, the casting and the turbulent production is said. She is also refreshingly frank about the madness of John Peters, her hairdresser boyfriend who has become a movie producer, and her displeasure with Pearson as a director. I wish she could provide more comments about the scene that are directly related to what is on the screen. Also tend to repeat the same stories when the mood hits her, for example, it is interesting to hear for the third time how the person who plays with the driver friend of the Beaters. I think that the existence of a second commentator could have drawn other nuggets. <br /> <br /> There is a test reel for the wardrobe showing some amusing clothes from the 1970s, especially the Christopherson coat and the orange polyester shirt. There are also twelve deleted scenes included in the optional Streisand comment. One of them is a comic scene of baking bread that reminded me how much I love Streisand in comic comedy. The other scene is an extended scene in which "Evergreen" plays the guitar in front of the stunning Christopherson who sleeps afterwards. The most interesting is taking an alternative to the musical conclusion that includes quick cuts, which I agree with Streisand should have been used. It is also appropriate to include theatrical trailers for all three versions of "A Star Is Born".
