I've always been a huge fanatic James Bond! I've seen almost all the movies except for "Another Day," and the world is not enough. Drawing for everything or nothing is breathtaking! Sound talents ......... Wow! I love Perrence Brosnan! The Bond is finally in the video game! It's a bond! I enjoyed the previous Bond games: Goldeneye, The World Is Not Enough, Agent Under Fire and Nightfire. This is definitely the best! Finally, Mr. Brosnan, (may I call Mr. Brosnan a sign of respect? Yes I can!) It was very exciting to hear him in a video game ....... at least! DUH! I've seen him lead with Robin Williams, and let me tell you, they're a great team. Percy Brosnan funny, handsome wicked (I mean to say wicked in a good way,) and only one of those actors who you want to walk up and wrap your arms around and hug, saying: "Pierce Brosnan, thank you for being James Bond," "If it is not for you , I will not know who James Bond is. "He is a wonderful actor! I am a big fan of Willem Dafoe although I have seen him in two films. His role was Nikolai Diavallo. (Did you spell the personal name correctly?) LOL !!!! Does a great job with an accent. Sometimes I can not even hear the tone. I've seen Willem, I mean Mr. Dafoe, lead in two films: Find Nemo, and Spider-Man with your favorite actress: KIRSTEN DUNST! It rocks! In any case, never ceased to be surprised. Richard Kelly, Wow, I've definitely got a part of my jaw nailed. I've seen it in the movie and it's awesome! In fact, my grandparents met with Mr. Kyle, and I was jealous when they told me, but Kirsten Dunst is at the top of the list of Silbrity I want to meet. John Cleese was breathtaking. I've never seen anyone play better as a smart tool, a tool to create Q! Mr. Cleese was hilarious! I saw him working with Pierce Brosnan in Goldeneye and Tommorow Never Die. It is a nice! The latest John Clies projects are Shrek 2 starring Mike Meyer, Cameron Diaz, Julie Andrews, and Eddie Murphy. (Partner 2 is now in the theater!) Good luck 007! Oh, yes, as Q says alway: "Grow up 007!"
