Do not get me wrong. "GoldenEye" was revolutionary and is definitely the best FPS game based on the 007 franchise. But the series fell into the frenzy of the FPS. Enter "All or Nothing", which puts Bond in a third person. When I wrote my previous assessment of "From Russia With Love", I had finished FRWL and just started EON and judged EON somewhat harshly. Although the FRWL certainly has the advantage of nostalgia and capture the essence of film privilege, EON is certainly superior in terms of in-depth controls and variety of play. Rounds range from jogging and driving to driving a four-wheel drive, driving an Aston Martin, driving a wired limousine to the blast, driving two different types of tanks, "GoldenEye", riding a motorcycle, driving a helicopter, repelling a helicopter shaft guarded by laser wires, After the fall of the girl. Of course, the vehicle controls are a bit less sophisticated, but the problem here is diversity. <br /> <br /> Since the movie modifications were "GoldenEye" and FRWL was all I could hope for. But the original EON story adds to the sense of control over James Bond's adventure. This amazing and impressive list has helped William Defoe, Shannon Elizabeth, Heidi Klum, and Metsake Ito. Judy Dench and John Cleese review their respective roles in M ​​& K, respectively, and Pierce Brosnan, while Sean Connery has no credibility for the game's actions. All characters are like stars, with the exception of Heidi Klum disappointing, which does not offer real game model justice. The song Mia is compatible with some of Bond's songs entitled The Big Screen at least. <br /> <br /> The game is also built with some old Bond movies. The character of Willem Defoe is a former colleague of Christopher Christopher Walken from "A View to Murder". Richard Kyle is portrayed as Jackie, a huge cleric from The Spy Who Loved Me and Moonraker in three combat scenes, the first and best of which is launched in the same way as a battle in the movies. <br /> <The game of single-player play is mainly composed of standard tasks on foot such as Bond. Like Bond, you will be able to choose whether you want to use the sneak out or use firearms. The game offers plenty of opportunities to take advantage of sneaking, with lots of wall and body cover. Unfortunately, unlike FRWL, there is only one button in the EON that controls both tangles and clinging to the wall, so Bond may end up with a lower probability when it assumes that it is looking at an angle, and vice versa. The game also allows players to enter Bond Bond mode. As you browse your inventory, everything around you will go to a distinct location, allowing you to analyze objects around you that can interact with them. Although this requires some getting used to, this situation will eventually allow you to perform many stunning "Bond moments", such as dropping the chandelier to take out four wagons below it, and adding to the feeling of the Bond movie to a large extent. There are 3 difficulty levels available: Operative, Agent, Multiply Oh. In the operative, you can breeze within a few hours. On the agent, a few weeks. On the weak Oh, a few months. The difficulty level can be changed for each individual task. Achieving high scores on missions will lead to the launch of gold and platinum awards and impact features such as car upgrades and convertible clothing worn by Bond girls. Some tasks may be very frustrating because of the lack of checkpoints, but when everything is said and done, no task is longer than just a single motion scene in Bond. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, multi-players, are not as exciting. "GoldenEye" still has the best multiplayer mode in any Bond game. The key multiplayer in EON is the development of a collaborative campaign that puts players responsible for less MI6 agents on a less important mission than Bond. Unlock matching third person standard death of this situation can be unlocked. But the individual player mode is the most complete Bond experience yet. The end, as with most Bond games, is resistant to impact. While the final task is one of the most aggravating of the game, the final confrontation with the villain is disappointing. Also, levels that require Bond to become fairly fast have become a matter of trial and error. However, for any serious Bond game lover, not playing this game is like losing a Bond movie.
