I am very impressed with "Say Anything", "Jerry Maguire" and "Almost Famous" (I was not so much on Singles), so it's safe to say I look forward to anything Cameron Crow associates with his name. I went to see the Vanilla Sky movie that was told it was a very strange film and I probably would not like it if I expected anything similar to other Croe movies. Well, having just seen it, let me say that the first one was true, and that the latter was not more wrong than that. It's a very strange film, and nothing really comes to the end. Anyone who tells you that he saw him approaching the middle of the film is either lying to you or unable to separate his overdue look from his memory. Anyway, the movie was excellent, and I look forward to having it as soon as a DVD is released. I was touched by the film, and I felt emotional spending by the end. This experience will draw from the viewer a whole range of human feelings, if the exhibitor allows himself to enter into the plot. In the theater where I watched the film, there were more than a few people who had lost track of the film clearly and were bored when they found that they could not return to the plot. I'm sure others lack the ability to follow any movie like this properly. I do not mean to look weird, but some people outperform Seagal, Chan and Van Damme, and these are the types you might not enjoy. It's very cerebral, so make sure you're ready to bend my mind for two hours, as well as think much later. <br /> <br /> As far as this film is compared to other Crow films, it is very similar in the least regard to one, in all Crowe movies, the soundtrack is a character in itself. This is due in part to Crowe's long links with music, as anyone who saw Almost Famous and his marriage to the star Heart Nancy Wilson. There is also a specific chemistry between Tom Cruise's characterization and Crow's directing that made the film seem familiar to anyone who saw Jerry Maguire. In my opinion, this is not bad. <br /> <br /> Anyway, if you have to compare this movie to any other movie, I will say this: If you enjoyed David Fincher's The Game, you will almost certainly be a fan of Vanilla Sky.
