How strange is the human mind? This center of activity where perceptions of reality are stored and stored, where the vision of the world depends on the precise performance of the brain, and this processor is the most sensitive and complex of all sensory things. How much do they really know that they are internal works, in terms of depth or capacity? What is in the mind that allows us to distinguish between reality and dream? Or can we? Perhaps our sense of reality is more than an impression of what we are already seeing, like looking at a painting by Monet, where the sky of his vanilla vision becomes a reality. It is a concept Cameron Crowe visited in his highly innovative and changing film, Vanilla Sky, starring Tom Cruise and Penelope Cruz. At the age of thirty-three, David Aames (Cruise) inherits a publishing empire left by his father. However, one-fifty per cent of his controlling stake made him unique. Seven members of his board of directors, each considered himself more worthy than the younger Mr. Hessa, the lion's share of the company. And provoking the flames of discontent is their perception that David lacks the focus required by the job. <br /> <br /> It is recognized that David likes to play; however, he controls the action and does what he sees fit, whether he likes painting (referred to as "the Seven Dwarfs"), or not, and no one has the courage To challenge him directly. But at a lavish birthday party on his honor, Thomas Tipp (Timothy Spall) warned a corporate lawyer, David, that the seven were returning to something behind his back. At that time, however, is the last thing that goes on in David's mind. He had an affair with a friend, Julie Gianni (Cameron Diaz), but even this moves to the back burner when he meets a woman in his party who can not get out. Sophia (Penelope Cruz), having known her only for one night, has become a central part of his life - about to turn upside down, as the next morning his party makes a decision that will change his life forever. He is about to learn that sometimes, there is no return. <br /> <br /> Cameron Crowe designed and produced more than just another film with this film; more than just a film, 'Vanilla Sky' is a vision come true. From the first images on the screen, offers a visually stunning experience that affects both the sensory and the brain. It is a puzzle that deflects the mind and swallows you and takes you away; emotionally, it is a rush - and it may leave you exhausted, because it requires some effort to stay with it. But worth it. Think of "Memento" with music about rock and roll and a colorful attack with an impressionist brush stroke. There is darkness and light, sounds that knock and push until you feel the blood rushing through the veins and throbbing in your mind. All played on a scene of virtual reality hovering under the expansive vanilla sky. Simply, this is a real journey; it's exciting - it's a mental element. <br /> <br /> For the shows here, those who can not go beyond Tom Cruise's mentality as Maverick in "Top Gun" or Ethan Hunt. In "The Impossible Mission," or those who see it as just a "movie star" rather than a representative, they will have to think again in the light of his work here. Because as David Aames, Cruise offers the best performance in his career, and must have no doubt about his ability as a representative at the door. He has made some interesting career choices over the past few years, with films such as "Magnolia" and "Eyes Wide Shut" just to warm up the real and complex personality he creates here. It also gives him credit for playing a role that dispels any sense of vanity; this is a cruise because you have not seen him before. Jerry Maguire earned him the nomination of Oscar, and this must be so, as well as the admiration and praise of his peers. Cruise is not only good in this film, but wonderful. <br /> <br /> Penelope Cruz turns out to be a wonderful, if not exceptional, performance, like Sophia, David's Dream Woman. There is a tempting innocence to bring to this role that works well for her character and makes it accessible and accessible, yet she lacks any hint of ambiguity that has added this extra "something special" to the part. But Crowe knows how to get the best results from his representatives, and has certainly done so with Cruise. <br /> <br /> He also knew what he was doing with Cameron Diaz, who was absolutely energetic in Julie's role. They were never better off, and somewhat hilarious on the screen. But make no mistake, this is not part of the "window decorating", and Diaz offers a complete package with this character. The quality of its performance can, in fact, be measured by the effect it is using with fairly limited screen time. It is the character that fully integrates with her innate beauty that makes Jolie unforgettable. In general, the work is wonderful by Diaz. <br /> <br /> The support team includes Kurt Russell (Dr. McCabe), Jason Lee (Bryan), Johnny Galicki (Peter), Armand Schultz (Dr. Boumerantz), Noah Taylor (ed.), Jean Carroll (a woman in New York) and John Eddie (Silent Ed). Almost halfway, this person may make you doubt your sense of reality; but be assured, by the end of "Vanilla Sky," everything will be revealed. It's a fact, definitely, and one; but this sexy entertainment provides a satisfying and unique experience, an experience you should see and believe. It is the basic and absolute magic of films. 10/10. <br /> <br />
