Someone (or something like that) leaves puncture marks on the victims and puts their blood to death. Police investigator Carl Breitchneider (Melvin Douglas, before going out of the B-movie horror film for greater heights) is puzzled at who ... or what ... behind these notorious crimes. The village is overcome by hysteria, and Carl relies on his reliable medical genius, Dr. Otto von Neiman (Lionel Atwell, in the role of another crazy world activist) to make some observations about what may cause innocent deaths. He also fears the safety of the beloved Ruth (beautiful Faye Faye who plays the third title with Atwill after "Doctor X" and "The Mystery of the Wax Museum") who is Niemann's assistant. <br /> <br /> Dwight Frey steals the movie as an idiot in an unusual village that gathers bats and carries hidden behavior wherever he goes. It is easy to see why he is suspicious when local paranoia is at high temperature. Maude Eburne provides the humor of the film as a very naive patient (and can easily be affected) by Poon Neiman, who is thought to be suffering from diseases read about in books near his laboratory. They are impressive and often Von Neemann has to overcome them and the continuing fantasy diseases she feels she suffers from. Lionel Belmore returns to the other terrified Burgermester center. <br /> <br /> Hilarious, steady, yet pleasurable thanks to the cast. It is clear that the film is low budget when it appears, but this does not hurt the film too much because it was well prepared by director Frank R. Strayer and his crew. I'm sure that the print movie has seen better days, though. This is the type of B-horror element that you will find packed in 50 random Cheesefests and Poverty Row programmers. The villain in the film .. and his motives to feed an industrial biological creature .. certainly provides a different version of Frankenstein formula. Many people may be disappointed with the final results, as the film moves away from being an actual superhero story about a real vampire murderer who kills.
