In an attempt to capitalize on the success of Universal's horror films, Majestic Pictures has recruited many famous actors of the current genre and put them into this effort (in realism) not so close. However, this is still worth everyone's time, which is very fun to show, and in my opinion it is better than most of what is supposed to be considered in these days a horror! The story unfolds in the small German town of Kleinchluss, where corpses that have been fully drained from blood and suspicious punctures accumulate. Burgermister Gustave Schoen (Lionel Belmore) screams "It's Vampires" but local police chief Karl Brettschneider (Melvyn Douglas) thinks he is a crazy man and vows to arrest him. <br /> <br /> ***** SPORER ALERT ***** Burgermeister and most of the town folk believe Cook Cook Herman Gleb (Dwight Frey) who loves bats and often speaks to them is the one who search for him and chase him until he falls until his death . In a cave. The person responsible for the killings is Dr. Otto von Neiman (Lionel Atwell), who invented a new form of tissue-rich mass of blood, doing this by controlling his mind on his servant Emile (Robert Fraser) who goes out at night to collect blood. Dr. Otto has a beautiful assistant named Ruth Bertin (Faye and Ray) and an annoying niece named Josie (Maud Eiborn) but they have no idea what it was, but Karl eventually becomes suspicious when a murder occurs after Hermann's death. Frank R. Strayer was never confused by James Weill, but he was an efficient director who ended up directing most of Blondy's films in that series. This film uses the same sets of Old Dark House that He was also filmed at Universal. I'm the first to admit that this film is not explicit at times, but it's practically impossible to resist a film like this actor, including Freih, who plays his part in Rainfield pretty much this time, endorses the bats and hits them and keeps them in his pocket for safe keeping ! The only thing that makes no sense is Dr. Otto's mental control over Emile because the film never explained this and I had a strong sense that this was a reference to "The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari" but on the other hand, perhaps this part The weakest in the text. There are a few other anecdotes that I have noticed including Frye's hunt to the large caves that are clearly an early snapshot of the infamous Bronson Canyon where many other films were made as well as brown Wray hair which is its true color. Real horror fans will appreciate this more than others, but I think this is a fun movie to offer to everyone and with an attractive crew because it's worth watching.
