This is one of the most disrespectful masterpieces of all time in my opinion, its sexy, funny and sad thought with amazing performances everywhere! All the characters are wonderful, and the story is fantastic !, in addition to Judy Foster and Cherie Curie simply amazing! The end is very strong, but I will not spoil it for you, I thought that personal development was the best thing! , And you can really connect to all the characters, especially Jenny and Annie, as you're going to root it! , Plus I loved how slowly going, giving you a chance to get to know all the characters and what about there. I can not believe that this rating has a rating of only 5.9, so it must be much higher in my opinion and it was funny to see Randy Quid in this kind of roles, in addition to that this is well written and well made! One of the scenes I really got was when Madge (Marilyn Kagan) was totally embarrassed by her mother because of her celebrations, and the film has amazing moments too! , And the dialogue is particularly excellent. This is one of the most disrespectful masterpieces of all time (in my opinion), her thought exciting, funny and sad with amazing performance everywhere, and I say "go see her right away!" The direction is fabulous! Adrian Lin does a wonderful job here, with the wonderful work of the camera, and keeping the film at a very exciting pace! The representation is amazing! Judy Foster is really attractive and she is amazing as always! , She was very fond, she was patronizing, her pet figure, she was intense in some scenes, she was focused, she and Cherie were the heart of the movie like Jenny and Annie! (Rules Foster !!!!!!!). Cherie Currie is very hot and amazing here, I really felt sorry for her character, so she had a very lovable character that just needed help, she made a strong performance and she created a very memorable character that was amazing! Scott Bayou is as wonderful as Brad and he was very loved and has done his job well. Randy Quaid is awesome in his serious role which I liked very much. Sally Kellerman is as wonderful as the mother I loved so much. Marilyn Kagan and Kandice Stroh are as good as Madge and Deirdre, and really did not have to do as well as other friends. Laura Dern plays a very early role here, where it was wonderful to see, not much of it. Rest cast okay. Generally go see it immediately, it's a understatement masterpiece! ***** of 5
