Mainly the same movie "House of Wax" - the first real horror film for Vincent Price released the previous year - but seriously cares, because "The Magic Magician" offers a lot of excitement prepared, excellent series, and cheerfulness 3 - effects of D, and theatrical performances Awesome horror and horror tricks as its predecessor! "Never change a winning team" is exactly what the writer Crane Wilbur should have thought of when he gave up the character of Bryce Don Galiko, another tortured spirit besieged by fate and retaliation for those who sinned. Don Galico is about to make his first fantastic show as Big Galiko and plans to show the biggest magic trick in history; Ghalico's solo career suddenly deteriorated abruptly before it began when former employer Ross Ormond appeared on stage and pushed the contract under his nose, noting that all of Galileo's inventions were the right property of the company. The relentless Ormond, who plundered the beloved wife of Galiko one day, starts off with a saw and sets it up in a display of Gallico's great rival Rinaldi. Galiko inevitably settles and the butchers sadi Ormond, but ?? Also being a master created a disguised? Restores the image of his victim and even begins a double life. "The Magic Magician" is a completely humorous and humorous horror film of the 1950s in the style of Grand Guignol, with a whole host of improbable transformations (the landlord turns into a fantastic crime fiction?) And a handful of fascinating moments. Obviously they remain suggestive for the most part). The three-dimensional delights near the beginning of the film, such as the yo-yo player and an idiotic trick with water fountains, are just a fill of time and the noise of the 1950s, but still fun to watch so far without the right means. "The Mad Magician" is also interesting from the point of view of periodic preparation, where events are going on soon as the fingerprints began to get used to being used as evidence, and Alice Prentiss's character is a clear reference to the famous crime authors of that era. It goes without saying that Vincent Price is still the most important element in the victory in this film, as well as from almost any horror film played by this legendary man starring in it. As no other actor has ever done, Bryce, the protagonist of the tortured novel, gradually progressing further and further into mental madness in such an unspeakably mesmerizing way. You are sorry for Don Galeko, but at the same time you are very afraid. You support his brutal acts of revenge, but at the same time you realize that his deadly path must end in death. Vincent Price was simply a genius, and in my humble opinion, was an embodiment of the kind of horror.
