The BETTIE PAGE by Mary Harun and Gennery Turner directed by Mary Aaron <br /> <br /> How can you identify a person who has always been between two worlds, one supposed to be linear and one of the supposed redemption? Especially when this person eventually died into a split personality disorder in her last years as if clarifying her point of view. If you are director Mary Haroun, you do not go away from showing the nature of the push / pull of the Betty Notorious slap. You allow the personality to drift back and forth between the healing forgiveness of the power of God and the Church and the tempting delusion of domination and hegemony granted to the page during its years as a pinup model. By doing so, the public is given a complex character that is driven forward by the desire to leave its difficult past while enjoying the naiveté of others and striving to reconcile its image with God. Come to the right time, it will not matter how many eyes on it because there is one important pair. <br /> <br /> Shot mostly in black and white (with some unnecessary color bursts), THE NOTORY BITTIE PAGE is sometimes a light comedy and humor, making the film a fun experience and also ridiculing the seriousness of faith People are corrupting pornography. But the sensitive hand of the director feels more clearly in times of despair. Aaron is a sensitive and caring manager who does not receive numerous and devastating blows from Beige for abuse in the face of her scenes. Instead, Gritchen Moll, who is surprisingly active and plays the role of the title, gives the opportunity to highlight the pain of her character in the viewer with fear in her eyes, and fatigue is her scream and wear on her skin. While most directors, and perhaps most male directors, will find it necessary to show the heroine in painful situations in order to link the types of atrocities committed to her and where she took her life, Harun has a lot of sympathy for her, representing her and her audience. From vulnerability, you learn to trust people again, and the more photographers you like, the more you love them for their admiration and control. By the time she crosses into the gentle core of S & M, she has found a way to combine her need for the respect and perception she has been accustomed to all her life. <br /> <br /> Mary Harron's Bettie Page is a woman who wants to control her life and destiny, but in the end you are always told where to stand, how to smile and what you wear. When she finally realizes that none of her choices have been her own, she chooses to embrace God and preach his word to those who will listen. The real sadness behind this most important decision is that they still leave someone else blindly guided; they only have more faith that this trend will be better for their soul.
