Judy Foster, Cherie Corey (the former lead singer of the famous rock band for all girls called Runaways in her remarkably capable acting debut), Marilyn Kagan and Kandice Stroh, are wonderfully believable, glamorous and touching as the quartet. - a group of troubled teenage girls and young conscientious women who have neglected, selfless parents who are doing their best to grow and defend themselves on the outskirts of San Fernando Valley, California. Girls are forced to make serious decisions about sex, drugs, alcohol, commitment, etc. at a young age when they are not quite ready to fully own the potentially harmful consequences of the decisions mentioned. Foster, who offers one of her most insightful and influential performances so far, is essentially the mother of the group that presided over the health of both herself and others; she is particularly concerned about a good-hearted, but self-destructive, self-destructive Korean that makes her lifeless lifestyle Apathy from the end without an early end. <br /> <br /> This image is impressive, influential and often credible. A comprehensive examination of broken families with dysfunction, which are directly below the neatly trimmed surface in the suburb and the net tragic result of such families: difficult, flexible children, but Unhappy and weak, they have to face the trials and tribulations they grow up for themselves parents are either too unconscious or even non-existent. Lyran is strong and gracious, while Gerald Eris's text is chaotic and somewhat stolen, but in general it is still accurate in his candid, courageous, and uncommon portrayal of your normal nervous child. . The portrayal of the soft Leon, Peugeot, and the Shepherd almost invariably suggests a delicate and simple sense that facilitates calm and innocence. Giorgio Moderer arranged the excellent result, which particularly uses the elegance of Donna Samar "on the radio". The cast includes Sally Kellerman as the nervous, insecure and immortal mother of Scott Foster, Scott Bayu as a sweet-smelling skater, Randy Cowd as Kagan's oldest rich friend, British pop singer 60 Adam Feith, and Abu Foster, the retired rock promoter Smith as a stifling Kagan mother. Robert Romanus ("Fast Times at Richmont High") appears in short parts as one of their former friends in the chaos of Loraster, and Laura Dern wearing the fake braces as a crash tool for obscene parties. Foxes is authentic, attractive and very touching (Currie's ultimate final fate). Foxes is simply one of the most unusual and highly appreciated teen films produced in the early 1980s.
