... but the general mileage of the director may differ from the American film "American Seco" embellished Aaron in the American sexual soul as seen through the lens of the eternal Queen of Curves, Betty Beige. <br /> <br /> You will not carry anyone with a recitation of the iconic status of Mrs. Beg, a tentative and convenient diary from Nashville, Tennessee, who moved to New York in the hope of becoming an actress and ended up becoming the queen of the universe bondage. I will not be able to run through the Notorious Bettie 's vivid biographical plot, although I offer high references to the technical aspects of the film (a series of animated magazines covering the springs immediately), and inappropriate use of the period camera though. Finally, I will not support the possibility of applying the film's themes of innocence, deviation, freedom, control, sanctity and secularism in a timely manner; they exist so that the viewer can absorb them, if they so desire. The more things change, the longer they are, as the saying goes. <br /> <br /> What I'm going to talk about for a moment is the great performance of Gritchen Mall as Betty Begg. The truth is that Mol's face does not look like Bettie's, nor is it built especially like Bettie (although only a fool who denies those beautiful breasts, and does not fool, I!). She does not even wear the thick dark jungle that hides Ms. Beg's most intimate charm, but the fact remains that Mall perfectly embodies the spirit of Bettie Page in every way, form and form. It is a courageous "return" of a semi-mysterious, undeserved. I have never met Ms. Page (unfortunately, I will never meet her), but I devoured the pictures and videos, read all the CVs and interviews available, bought the trading cards and other possibilities and ends, and to be frank, In adolescence between the covers of dusty magazines in the barber shop and the five-daytime. Mall epitomizes the essence of women where I come to perceive them, not their puns, in what I consider to be an Oscar-worthy performance. Leif Tyler has never been able to match the brilliance of the illustrious Mall character in a million years, and I, on the one hand, am grateful for having left the project. It's not that I'm reluctant to see her completely naked, but I'm quick to add them, but I can not imagine that her exciting brand might translate into the exuberance of Periti's home page. <br /> <br /> "The Notorious Bettie Page" is not for everyone, no more than slavery and discipline are. I think it would be much better on the disc than in the theaters; hordes of dedicated page fans will see it oddly. I can only hope that the DVD is full of Bettie add-ons to show how successful the Mol function is. <br /> <br /> Beyond that, the tip of the hat to a good support crew, especially Lilly Taylor and Chris Bauer as Paola and Irving Claw, whose famous work in photography was my door to eternity. <br /> <br /> A last note to the young writer who thought that Ms. Big had no influence on his generation: take a closer look at Madonna's cone strap and come back to us. Whether you know it or not, Bettie Page is the true godmother of the scapegoat. Without her, Madonna and the rest of her relatives were not there.
