The film can be a glass to see the world in a new light. Good night and good luck, for example, offered similarities to modern rule without evidence and abuses of liberty. It is easier to study a moral problem when not very close to home: by placing it in a fictional or historical context that is removed from our direct position. Through pornography, we consider ourselves "enlightened" and our ancestors are hidden by strange ideas - usually involving fire and sulfur, but defining what is obscene can easily fall prey to ignorance and unscientific interpretation rather than evidence. Bettie Page was a symbol of the cult of an era that included not only McCarthyism but the banning of comedy (such as stories from the basement) on the grounds that it would turn young people into delinquent non-crazy events. This film, which was developed through the key questions posed in her life, presents dilemmas that are as relevant today as they were in 1950. <br /> <br /> Our film begins with major viewers. At first, we see men with a good and respectable appearance in a bookshop. One of them is asking about pictures of women wearing strange shoes and self-restraint - and then turns out to be a secret police officer. The second scene shows Bettie Page, waiting to be called as a witness, and looks almost as full, as if she had just left the church. <br /> <br /> The first 50 minutes are black and white. The effects of old films such as wipers and fades add to the feeling that we have been watching a film for years, as do staff methodologies, scenes from the 1950s, contemporary and contemporary phrases, and a brief dialogue linked to filmmaking. Often archive footage intersects - which pleases many and disturbs others. In line with his theme, the film is almost a collection of different types of photography in motion, the old sections of the magnificent beaches and the well-distinguished landmarks against the classic Bettie make up a hearing back to the era of "Health and Nature" magazines. . . Although I admit that if you are not fascinated by the story, you may find the effect somewhat volatile. <br /> <br /> Very soon, we return to the flashback. My home is fleeing from the Depression years that have suffered from the disruption of life in Nashville, and has only thrived by singing the church and saving lives, and goes alone to make its way. After its initial success, its design work is divided into two categories: bright work that focuses on its smile over the rainbow, and images of "specialized attention" that include wearing high-heeled shoes and light bondage. In a previous experience (reminiscent of a scene with Naomi Watts' character in Mulholland Drive - also called Betty), she performs full of passion, contrasting with her usual moving personality and cheerfulness (but ultimately nice) expression today. Is part of it still not met? Bettie is often rejected in the tests once she realizes that she is a well-known girl. But when we are just raped and raped by four boys in our hometown, we see only the threat, and then my house recovers and survives. It captures itself in a desolate forest and puts the brave face of a person who refuses. Lying down and dying. <br /> <br /> Although there is no nudity, it is Bettie's special interest that ultimately creates trouble. When we return to court, the views of the cleric about the corrupt effect of these images are taken as evidence. A psychologist says reliably how images lead to "suicide, murder and psychosis" among young people who are exposed to them (presumably not in the same order). In the end, one star witness explains how his son's life ended as a result of such images - "he is brought up in this way." It was not explained how "jamming" causes death). The text accompanying a series of Bettie pictures in the magazine explains how she was forced to endure "terrible pain" with fetal limitations (the audience knows she found her really joyful and that the words, like the pictures themselves, were purely dramatic). After waiting for 12 hours, Betty was told her testimony - the only person who can unequivocally mention that she was not filmed in torment - "will not be required." The "horrors" of the images have been proved. <br /> <br /> If all this looks like the dark ages we have left, think about a recent incident (2003) in which the Ann Summers announcement was banned. He said, "For fashion and whip passion along your local store," with a picture of a woman's back. She was wearing a bra and a thong with his hands tied behind her back. The lingerie and sex toys company, which targets female consumers (as well as charities struggling with domestic violence), said its advertisements were aimed at "giving women sexual confidence and always showing women control over their sexuality." One might conclude that bias and ignorance in Betty Page investigations still carry a coin. <br /> <br /> My religious home views are an integral part of the story, just as the concept of sin is an integral part of Christianity and contributes to the "taboo" nature of sexual enjoyment is frequently spread in the UK and the United States - contrary to the more realistic approach In continental Europe. It can be said that the formulas of sin, redemption, and "salvation" are reflected in the patterns of mating that perpetuate traditional male domination. A policeman who makes a friendly (but sexually motivated) approach to my house outside the courtroom displays her "rescue" from feeling lonely. The knight's armor may be a competitor, but it is also assumed that a woman needs a rescue. <br /> <br /> I love her or hate her, The Notorious Bettie Page is an unusual and unusual film, and a moral wake-up call for those who responded to her. There is a wonderful representation of the group, and Gretchen Mall, like Bettie, is fantastic because the entire film succeeds or falls into its strong performance.
