First, I've heard wonderful things about this film, not least in the old / old scene and the sock lovers who love Bettie Page completely and did not disappoint me. The film was filmed in pure black and white with the addition of colors to the main scenes, giving the film a documentary sense of the early life of Bettie Page. <br /> <br /> There are many things that I did not know about the page. First, there was a gang rape, later, there were her early attempts to develop the acting career and then the luster of the pictures, first with a camera club with men who could not get enough of them and then with Klaws and Paula and Irving, Photos of bondage and idolization, he happens to be a very nice and friendly person. If modern pornography producers are the only ones, the result may be better! For the most part, the film is not a danger against the evils of pornography, but an attempt to show the kind of environment that existed in the 1950s for those who produce nude pictures and women for women. This environment was very repressive, perhaps in a good way because it meant that there was no effect of the "saturation" we have today, when it comes to pornography. It also seems to be much less harsh. The page appears as a person who does her job and does not seem to be deteriorating because of it. In many of her pictures, he finds herself constrained and clumsy (and trying to have a conversation), waving the whip with prosperity, making photographers take her pictures and watch them in girls' "start-up" bondage movies that look neat compared to the exciting things we have now. <br /> <br /> The page never became representative and instead Penop was abandoned when she was in her thirties for "Jesus Christ". Her faith in God and Jesus never disappears, even if they are constrained and muzzled, they still insist that they have been given a "gift" by God to do this "thing". Seeing this film, I am more familiar with the page and in awe of its modesty, beliefs and behavior. It's one of a kind, compared to the characteristic blondes you know today, and someone who can say "There's life after pornography."
