Although the Betie Notorious Bettie page is well handled, it is at best a version of Cliffs Notes for Bettie's biography. The film focuses mainly on her work with Irving and Paola Claw, the brother and sister team that produced the bulk of her most famous images. She does not separate her life after pretending, apart from a new birth. She cites "Real Bettie Page," by Richard Foster as a source, but ignores recent years of mental illness in my home and prison in a mental hospital. The narrow focus of CV can be discussed, but most of my fans and "civilians" are likely to be more interested in her fashion career, which they get. <br /> <br /> The film is good to act, with Gritchen Mall sincerely the shape of my house, as well as convey the sweetness that exudes its images. She played the character as somewhat naïve, a possible by-product of Betty's interviews in recent years. It is more likely that Betty was familiar with the nature of her pictures but her mentality as an actress and fashion. <br /> <br /> The support team is also wonderful, with Chris Bauer and Lilly Taylor playing Irving and Paola Claw, and David Strathir as Estes Kiffer. The film is misrepresented in the character of John Willie, played by Jared Harris. John Willie never met Bettie Page and did not take pictures with Klaws. Harris plays Willie's role as Peter O'Toole, in his corrupt state. <br /> <br /> Despite the quality of acting, the film is very disappointed in terms of depth. The story is fairly quick and we do not feel we really recognize Bettie. Like her pictures, it's just a picture. She tends to exaggerate my reputation. Her photographs were mainly seen in and around New York, in a very narrow market of classified and worship publications. Her real fame came after reprinting her photographs in the late 1970s and 1980s, and the cult of Betty Page (as her name was usually pronounced) grew. The greatest exposure was Bettie (pardon pun) at Playboy, who appeared in the January 1955 number (Christmas photo, which is shown in reverse in the film). <br /> <br /> The film is good, if rather shallow. It is capable of keeping attention to the end and displays many great performances. It reaches the highest level of my home life, but ignores many details that would give it a much greater depth. The end is rather a disappointment. It is a somewhat sudden feeling. Still, the movie is certainly worth watching by anyone interested in Bettie, or even the time period. The soundtrack is fantastic, it really attracts the viewer in the 1950s. If there is nothing else, the film stands as a façade to showcase the thriving American sexuality and conflict with its Protestant past. It's also a peek at the icon for both men and women.
