I had a vague idea of ​​who Bettie Page was, partly because of its appearance in the early days of Playboy (apparently, when I took her picture of her and her Santa hat), she just did not know what mag was). The film, co-authored and directed by Mary Haroon of American Psycho, embodies the main parts of her life well enough. There is a bad feeling for one of the South Church shepherds and leaves behind them in search of better times in New York City, where she mastered the fashion show, and from there a lot. Soon, it became a sense of underground, with the bondage of the obvious (and "notorious" attribute of the title) attributed to it. Conceived by actress Gritchen Mall and landed in the spirit of this woman as much as she could, which is really a great success in the film. She is not a simplistic figure, even if her moral ideas are sometimes questioned ("Well, Adam and Eve are naked, are not they?" She commented several times). It seems that the directors are leaving the last years of Begg's life and leaving with them in a compensatory period, leaving behind the picture to vote for Jesus. <br /> <br /> On the whole, my famous home page is not more than the usual kind of HBO movie, though it's time to end up making a feature film. The best scenes Harun picks are the page in her "dubious" locations, where she takes pictures of her in their distinctive forms and starred in silly films of whips, chains and leather uniforms. This adds much needed comic relief to the usual movie nature otherwise. It is not that the story behind it is not interesting, which includes the government's investigation of the "stain" that emerged from such images and secret magazines. But there is not much time to explore more than what has been hinted at, with complications, relationships, or sex. I was given a completely elegant look in black and white, and sometimes it looked as if Aaron was making some black and white photos to be painted more as he advanced. It's a great way to watch if you're not very familiar with Bette Page, and maybe the fans too.
