I liked it ... totally ... I liked it, I do not like the animated series ... I love it !!! The fact that this is less attractive is that we all try to compare and not appreciate, but this caricature was wonderful, but he really did not like it very much. There are a lot of people who talk about Bruce being very cold, but if this is about 5 years later, anyone in a crime-fighting gang will get this angry and darker attitude, so for me it's not a mistake. Batgirl was fantastic. She really suited her. There was no more Dick Grayson as a Robin. Batman needed a good teammate, not like the new Robin. He's just a child and you can not rely too much on a child. But Heres what did not work: The new artwork ... not terrible but ... for me does not work in a series like Batman. This is a dark character, with a maniac killer like a joker, so you can not put this kind of artwork in these cartoons, the joker is not a bad design, but I still love the former joker (but for me it was the best joker ever was the one who appeared in Batman game later: Back Joker), so this Joker is not close to quality. The good thing about the Joker is that it still represents Hamel's voice. My favorite character: Harley Quinn (I love her) They put her wonderful episode: Mad Love (for me the best episode of the series). Here we finally know how she turned into Harley Quinn, how the Joker annoyed her, and felt that the atmosphere she felt in the animation series, darker, not happy ending, brutal fight with the Joker (but very short), this is how it was to be all series. But in general I did not like how Harley was made in this series ... In almost every episode they put it funny but in a silly way, you are exposed to, as nonsense says, make defects ... Come on it's funny how you can laugh with it, not ... And here they put an ironic thing (as I said the only episode I do not think is crazy love and beware of the creeper) is generally a good series, it contains ups and downs, the drag can be better (well !!! kill that cat!) Beautiful, nice music, nice sounds and nice rings: my favorites, mad love, millions clowns, old wounds, sins of the father, Of. If you enjoy Batman: TAS, you can see this but you do not think much, on the other hand if you do not see TAS, watch this first and then watch TAS this way you will really love TAS: D
