If you are not there, unfortunately, this movie will be emotionally for you. It is also a shame because, although some behaviors are amateurish, they are aimed at realism. Let's face it - in real life, do not say things in a precise or perfect way, even when we mean it. In this sense, it works. However, this does not apply to our "well-known" actors in this film, especially Judy Foster (born in nature). The fact that the other three girls have not been completed adds only to the story - Judy plays the glue that struggles to keep their friendship close, even with a clear sense of death. In other words, no matter how close friends are, there are eventually some people who disappear, no matter how you try. <br /> <br /> The essence of the film is. It's not about parties, not about sex, but about the four girls and the last time for young girls before they go to the world alone. <br /> <br /> If you have ever had such a friendship in your life, you will feel this film - it will mean a lot to you, regardless of the age in which it originated, or the era in which it originated. We all knew these girls at school, or at least knew them with them. We all knew a frustrated virgin, half of whom wanted to stick to his childhood, half of whom desperately wanted to grow up and think about it. We all knew the crazy child, the fashion plate that conceals vanity her fear of the world, her fear of acceptance. We all knew the girl of the concert, the one she whispers, with stories not only about her sad life at home but about her notorious exploits. We have all known "mother's personality", the most personal little, the earth a little more, a little sad because she knows what will happen. Maybe you're one of those girls. Maybe, like me, you were all at one time or another ... <br /> <br /> This film really captures a fragile time in life when needs, needs, pressures, femininity, childhood, world and unity are all embodied in the head of every female, every worker on the edge The Abyss. What side do you cling to? What do you throw on the edge, no matter how you might want to stick it? How painful is it goodbye to everything you know? This is what this film is about - steps towards femininity with clinging to childhood, and how difficult it is to keep walking. If you are there, you know ... and love this movie, as I do. Pain and tenderly done. A wonderful piece of captured femininity.
