After the glories of The Snare, it was unlikely that there would be an additional conflict for Hanzo could be better, and this does not contradict this expectation, but it is a wonderful film and sits between fun but the first chapter is chaotic and the second is outstanding in quality and public entertainment. The screenplay comes from Yasuzu Masumura and has some similarities with Snare, in addition to the projected flashes of Hanzo, but the film makes minor changes to the formula by adjusting the sense of personal humor as well as giving the film a calmer, reflective edge. The film begins with the helpers of Hanzos afraid of a ghost, and usually decides immediately that he needs to be physically acquainted with this ghost. It turns out that the ghost acts as a guard for a treasury of stolen coins, and through this collection, the story of theft, corruption and riba, with violent and hot results. Chintaro Katsu is as fantastic as Hanzo is. He is going through a deadly effort and a fatal mortal of nature. He is equally good in moments of humor and love. He is a man who is almost normal in moments of drama. It is a wonderful performance full of social conscience and a touch of personal feeling. The upcoming comedy is well-known, and his moments with "Snake" Magobei may be more entertaining than serials, while his interactions with his slaves are as amusing as ever. Although the game is full of delicate moments, quite a bit of movement and a little loss, the film loses a bit because of a relatively restrictive approach. There are shades of all of the previous movies, layout, speed and intelligence The Snare remembers when the film is aimed at corruption it works very well, with an early and effective early interrogation sequence. In the same vein, director Yoshio Ino presents scenes that may be more flamboyant in terms of Kenji Mismi's work, which has not been well dealt with in Sword Of Justice, with sometimes very nice consequences, as with a man playing a melody on Koto, with Close-ups of his work fingers plucking on his unknown tendons Hanzo plows his wife, sometimes a little weak, as with an orgy that is reduced to a psychedelic vortex free of nudges in motion that looks just confusing. In general, nudity and bloodshed are minimized, which is unfortunate, although there is little of the strong approach that could have worked better. It is certainly a kind of film in which custom and unchecked violence are more appropriate. But even with a few exploitative goods, these things are still quite entertaining. The predictable moments come from sleep, there are more conspiracies and excitement, and even some effective surprises that must be avoided. It's really a movie for fans, and it plays the work that was put into previous installments and works beautifully if not amazing. In the end, everything will be quite enjoyable if it is moderately flawed for a delightful trio, and the second one is the best one and it is worth watching fans of these things.
