(Also known as "Razor 2: The Snare", 1973) and the "Goy么kiba: Kamisori Hanz么 jigoku zeme" (also known as "Razor 2: The Snare", 1972) , "Goy么kiba: Oni no Hanz么 yawahada koban" aka. "The Razor 3: Who's Got The Gold" is the third and last installment of this wonderful story about Hanso's untouchable 'The Razor' Ittami (who brilliantly played by the great Shintaro Katsuo), who fights corruption through his combat experience as well as his enormous sexual powers . As a great movie fan of the 1970s, made in Nippon, "Sword Of Justice" became my favorite, so I was more than eager to find the disciples, and full of anticipation when I stumbled upon it recently. While this third "Hanso" movie is not as great as its predecessors, it is certainly another big part of the cult of cinema that no Japanese movie lover can dispense with. "Who Gets the Gold" is a little tamer of the two Hanzo films mentioned above, but he is a wonderful comedian and a very cheerful spirit, and instantly begins a terrible stranger: the film begins, when two assistants from Hanzo see a female ghost when hunting. After always wanting to sleep with a ghost, Hanso insists that his assistants are driving him to the scene ... If this is not a promising start to experience a wonderful film, I do not know what it is. Chintaro Katsu, one of my favorite actors, is again wonderful in the role of Hanso, a role that seems to have been written for him. Katsu IS Hanzo, a stubborn cop who does not know fear, who hates corruption and deliberately denigrates his superiors, who include unique interrogation techniques that rape female suspects. The women who are interrogated immediately fall for him, because of his sexual power and enormous penis, who practices in a somewhat strange routine. I will not give up on the conspiracy in Who Gets Gold, but I can assure you that it is as wonderful as it seems. The supporting performances are also very good, and as in the previous, there are lots of funny characters. This is unfortunately the last film in the series "Hanzo" stunned stunned. If they made 20 other supplements, I would have watched them happily! The entire Hanzo series is fascinating, and although this third part is inferior to its predecessors, it is certainly a must for all lovers of Worship Cinema! Oh how I wish they had made more disciples!
