L'Hypothèse du tableau volé / The Stolen Painting (1979) begins in the courtyard of a three-story Parisian residential building. Inside, we meet the mosque, an elderly man who apparently devoted his life to studying the six well-known paintings of the mysterious Impressionist painter Toner. The narrator recites a lot of rhythms about art and painting, then enters into a dialogue with The Collector, who describes the paintings to us, explains them to us, tells us a bit about the painter and the scandal that I dropped, and then tells us that he will show us something. While walking through an entrance, enter into another world, or worlds, or perhaps to stretch to borders, other possible worlds. Within these limits, there are six paintings that appear in life, or halfway to life. He walks through several paintings and describes the possible meanings of each painting, And work as a whole, for the entire secret history behind the paintings. , Scandal, people in paintings, a novel that may have inspired paintings. And so on and so on. Each room, each description, leads us deeper into a labyrinth, and while the Collector and The Narrator participate in their separate selves, they sometimes merge into dialogue, but often remain separate and different. I saw this second time, it was strange, strong and unspeakable, and very difficult to think or write about. If I have a guess about what you are adding, it will be a complete satire of the whole nature of the technical interpretation. A pointer can be found in two of the most entertaining and unexplainable scenes in which The Collector displays some plastic statues without sex - in the latter, he also looks at the images taken from the statues that reflect the shapes in the paintings - and then steps in His collection, which now consists in part of the volume versions of the figures. If we think too much about it and do not just enjoy it, everything is just plastic without a face. <br /> <br /> Whether you have reached any specific conclusions about "L'Hypothèse du tableau volé", or No, I can certainly say that outside of Peter Grinaway's (and contemporary) works like "Walk Through H", I was seldom fascinated by something very deep, very dangerous, intense ... and in the heart, very mischievous and fun.
