This project was originally designed as a copy of the famous Japanese manga SlamDunk! This is not a new thing for Jay Chu, who made his first film and plays a character from another popular manga initially along the way. It was decided to incorporate some kung fu into the film, hence the title, even if the idea was not very original, Shaolin Football for Stephen Zhao with martial arts and ball games combined. <br /> <br /> However, fortunately, those scenes in which Kung Fu influenced the games were minimal. And in Kung Fu Dunk, unnecessary, because they do not add much to the plot and do not provoke much excitement, and at most offered some cheap laughs and remembered the time when Stephen Chao used kung fu in football games. Jay Chu is satisfied with his role as a military artist, Fang Shijie because it is not the first time he fought using martial arts (the curse of the golden flower of anyone?), Under the guise of Ching Siu Tong, made to look really reasonable because he gets rid of countless men The gangs in the bar also appear in the trailer, just to let you know who the boss is. <br /> <br /> That was why his character was a Kung Fu practitioner, the fact that he was given an excuse for being a first shot, able to shoot from hoops virtually from any angle. And with Eric Tsang as a young boy for a short time Chen Li, who sees his potential and becomes his agent, he joins a university to play basketball, but not without the initial objection from captain Ting Wei (Chen Bo Lin) and team star Xiao Lan (Baron Chen, Large screen). But you know with team members on the same side, it was not long before they combined their strength to meet opponents at the basketball court. <br /> <br /> And I will stick to say that this film is basketball just like the goal of football. It has made the sport look good because of its attractive characters, although it drips a lot of coolness and joy on the stadiums. Here, special effects and handicrafts were used to make the actors look like professionals who could play a prominent role in the NBA, and with all sincerity, they looked really amazing, especially when they simulated various diving moves and performing mixed sets. Moves thanks to technology and trick work. In fact, Kung Fu elements must not be in the film. The hard work itself will be able to justify most movements because they are based on reality, where you just have to suspend the belief that the boys of average height have springs in their cages to jump this height to professional dunk. <br /> <br /> It is also unfortunate that the number of games was only a small number, spending time in many sub-pieces, but each was developed loosely and managed to get into the story and get out whenever you like. Things like Shi Jie's deserted quest to use basketball games to attend his parents to one day, the game penetrate the gangs and influence them, and his emotional life with Charlene Choi in the role of another vase of flowers just for good appearance nothing else. Everyone behaves very coolly, leaving plenty of space for the main characters to add depth. One of the main themes here is to recognize the importance of teamwork rather than individual talents and abilities, and it could have been stronger if the players interacted off the pitch, more than that, during which competitive games, apart from five games and friendly passes. <br /> <br /> Through a budget of $ 10 million, it's easy to see where the money has gone - effects, in particular, a tremendous sequence of imagination at a crucial point in the film. It is flawless, good to look at and perhaps justifiable for its quality alone, but once again I would like to emphasize that even without these elements, the amazing basketball game itself will make this film fit in elegant basketball movements. The presence of Jay Cho in your team is a big boost to any hope of box office success.
