Lost holds something interesting for everyone. You can say a lot horribly about this series, and it has been said so terribly, so I will not be the person who has explained everything to you again. Just read the people they loved, and you'll know why you want to see them. The nice thing about this series is that it is brand new. There are not a lot of movies - and even fewer serials - based on the thriller theme only, but Lost stands out to the attribute with pride. If you combine it with a strange site, nice plot tricks, an excellent crew and good coordination (present and past embedded in individual episodes) you will get a series where each episode has a story in it own but part of a larger saying. You want to get all the insights of characters, you want to see the general picture, and you have to know where the book takes you. The result is that it is a series that does not allow you to leave. On a more skeptical note, the series underwent a little in the second season, perhaps because of its success. It is known that Lost did not write for only one season at all, and when that overwhelming success followed, the book was also flooded. In my opinion, they made a mistake by adding more puzzles and faster in the second season, then solving those (or at least partially) ones in the first season. At the end of the second season, I finished a big step of secrets, plot intrigues and unexplained phenomena, but there are only a lot of scenes can take. The difference between season 2 and 3 was great. The third season introduced a lot of ideas, partially replaced by new questions. That's exactly how they should write; you want to stumble from twisting a conspiracy to another, not getting the tsunami of secrets that are spreading all over you, then picking up some to explain to viewers. They got this in the third season and they come to the future of a promising series for the fourth season. It is good to see that this different coordination of a chain can be very popular.
