Lost, probably the best TV series ever made. The story is smart and when all your questions are answered and watch one episode, another 100 are raised. If lost you can continue in their wonderful ways and do not move too much, they will be stapled with the best view ever. The survivors of an airplane crash are forced to live with each other on a remote island, a dangerous new world that poses unique threats. After reading this thinking how can you be interesting on Earth? And heres your answer, every season SO FAR has always been full of surprises, and always ask yourself why this happens and what will happen every time, something very unexpected happens and the story goes on so beautifully SO FAR! The series just sucks you, it's scary and very destructive, everything from the wonderful creators and directing to the wonderful performances by cast creates a very reasonable story. Lost is simply incredible, amazing, very entertaining, first class, at best. How would you like to put it at all. <br /> <br /> All other offers have lost a landslide victory. If you hate or criticize Lost, you do not know how to watch TV or watch drama. Lost simply do not disappoint, you may think that the chain will last a long time can not continue to improve. But they do! It just keeps flowing it's unlike anything you've ever thought off. "Everything happens for a reason." This really shows up in the series. Eventually you will reach a point where all the evidence and everything that has happened or is being done adds up. You will feel and realize how personalities have changed and how and why everything happens. <br /> <br /> Ten minutes of excitement: you see something you did not see coming, or something big happened in the character or on the island. There is hope somewhere. You see a major shift that can or can change everything. You hear your thinking violently, wondering what will happen next. Your heart beats. 30 minutes of brilliance: you see impeccable scenes, build tension, hear wonderful music by Michael Giacchino. You see the appearance of big flash, impressive representation. You see the joy, the cold atmosphere, which is then turned back into tension. <br /> <br /> Everyone seems to be addicted too, they can not get enough, they admire every minute and they can not wait for the next episode, they talk about 24/7 ... I and many others this series are lost. You will not see anything like it ... A smart idea about "memories of the past and flashforwards" and something big and different every season absorbs your ideas. Have they made a series like " "Something very interesting and something you will always remember." The world was simply stunned when a new generation of drama / science fiction came to television. An instant classic game before you reach viewers. <br /> <br /> I'm sure you've all heard of her loss and she's 5 star comments, and your annoying friend will never stop telling you, so what's stopping you from watching? <br /> <br /> <br /> Each episode leads to something new and does not stop improving better, but will take more care as it progresses, and learn things that exist on the island that will not even think ... The characters begin to become very likable and if the type of critic you prefer is to see Lost In more detail, there are things like how the relationship develops between characters and how they learn ways of looking and challenges from the island. All together a wonderful drama and impeccable series. I think we all hope that the loss will not fall in the next episodes and go away ... so if you do not see the lost, read the comment from the top again and you have to change your mind. Watching is a believer, so to start watching you will never know. I highly recommend this masterpiece of the series: LOST !! Start watching !!! You did not see anything until you see LOST !!!
