Get to work in this movie when it was introduced in the summer of 1990. It was partially filmed at Biltmore Estate in Asheville, NC and the remaining parts of Winston-Salem. RJ Reynolds huge offices have been used in many sights and places throughout the beautiful city known as the capital of the Winston Salem tulip! I enjoyed my work even though it was a very hard job where I built all the groups like Mexico Golf where Renee Russo and Jim Belushi went to their history. I also had a great hand in decorating the bar where Larry met the magical waiter Mr. Fate. I took all those pictures on the wall of sports heroes and decorated the phone booth where Larry made a phone call to a taxi. I even put the mothers image on the eye level so I could freeze them and show them when we saw them. I remember painting the weeds in his old house with a green dye because it had to be smudged first (it was a new house in a new development and I think they hired them for the film) .. Then I had to cut this newly planted idiot to make it look nice .. The guy who was hard! As for the film, when we made it, we had no idea what it would be like but after watching it fell into a fine because it really tells the story "What if" was as good as I saw it, including it's a wonderful life. I cried many times <br /> <br /> I can not count. I met the great actor Michael Caen while filming scenes at a small football field in the league where Larry's childhood scenes were played and returned. I remember having taken a shot back to the trailer, ran on it and asked for a picture and it was nice and I said "Why not!" He is a good man and a natural and strong representative. I can not say the same thing to Jim Belushi ... He was very full of himself, where he smoked a big Cuban cigar and spoke loudly until <br /> <br /> Everyone could hear his voice. He has never quit his career but has had a decent TV career recently. I would say I watched this movie if I got this opportunity. It is really wonderful and real and real. You can feel Larry's pain after entering the new world that Mr. Destiny gives him after he hits Homer, and as he desperately wants people to think that he is not the bad guy everyone thinks he is. They all think he belongs in a nuthouse! But in the end he wins people, but by then he wants to restore his real life very badly, especially his wonderful wife, played beautifully with Linda Hamilton .. and wants his dog again! So we see it.
