While the original 1932 version, with Preston Foster, was good, there was no longer a new version worth more than the 1959 version, or it was impossible to find it anywhere, just as I strongly suspect Mickey Rooney had anything to do with it. It could never have been just a very cool performance, or a more thought-provoking scenario, as well as an improvement over the original. After many years of my most recent observations of this film, in 1970, I read an article in which Mickey Rooney recounted his visit to death, which radically excluded any sense of personal identification. D Hair with people in similar circumstances. The article was short of the main character here, and did not cover much, apart from the extent to which it was emphasized his disappointment with the quality of the guests themselves, even in the language that I do not care to quote explicitly here. . . . . One of my main problems with the death penalty is, of course, that it is not applied equally and impartially, just as many innocent people are careless and therefore unnecessarily sent to face this particular fate. The other problem I face is that they do not apply quickly enough, or, in this regard, even in general! The Bible points to a special point, in such cases, about one of the most important purposes, such as deterrence, being ineffectively vague, incomplete, not only a general presentation, but also a direct involvement of all! And for those who claim to prove, statistically, that this is not an effective deterrent? In addition to having a problem with the reliability of their data, I have no doubt if there is an irrefutable doubt objectively. Many are now behind bars because of the extent to which such deterrence is lacking. However, I have a problem about the fact that Robert Duval, in the Apostle, has been punished at all, because of his own "crime", or that the only hope of indulgence with someone like it must be based on defense "temporary madness", as if This is the only acceptable excuse in the type of case. . . . In addition to many other questions about Mickey Rooney's motivations for that specific visit, and about the answers I can only try to predict, I think the main question was of a specific religious nature. I do not know exactly when he will become a Christian. He makes him a special point, whenever possible, to emphasize that he is; but, as anyone should be well informed, this particular class tends to be the boldest of blood, when It involves eye extraction. However, I have no particular disagreement with regard to this, in itself, just as no doubt, from the biblical point of view, that everything, and perhaps nothing more, must not be avoided by the same final destiny, by the Lord himself, as a result of his sacrifice on the cross. However, there is a problem for me about the spirit or position of most religious Christians who are passionate about the death penalty; because, unlike the Lord himself, who loves to see everyone as a savior (Ezekiel 18:32) (II Peter 3: 9) They go out themselves to find reasons to condemn! . . . What can not seem to be that most people, on both sides of this super-burning issue, appreciate enough, is that the Lord is as dynamic and elusive in nature as it is difficult. It seems that the sides of his nature are not so compatible in nature that they are mentally confused, at least with a strict human calculation. However, no matter how thoroughly this miraculously dynamic mix of water and oil is in its nature, there can be no doubt that anything less than it, or anything fanatic and distinctive on one side or another of this equation, is inadequate And unacceptable to the entire judicial reality. Indeed, I've seen the most blood-thirsty thirst for itself, sufficiently contradictory, on so many occasions, when the defenders of the death penalty face up to the point, even in the most rational budgets of roads, with the fact that although the Lord died for everyone, Everyone is saved. After all, in order to obtain absences, one must, to repeat the same term, access to and receive it, ie, repentance (Luke 13: 3-5). Can anything be more logical? . . . But what about the Lord's command to forgive, even in the case of one's enemies, those who despise you and persecute you for no reason or just provocation? One of the far-reaching difficulties with this type of emotion, as commonly misinterpreted, is the way in which mystery obscures the true meaning of tolerance. The act of forgiveness does not mean, in itself, the same thing as the excuse of unconditional forgiveness. When one takes a realistic, balanced and rational view here, from the perspective of God's position, all in fact is a strong desire that the person who forgives him will eventually succeed in finding his way, seeing the light, and giving him mercy. This attitude, of course, is the exact opposite of Jonah, for example, who already resented when God told him that preaching to the people of Nineveh would lead to their repentance. Jonah did not want to repent, but they wanted to be destroyed. To what extent righteousness was like those who drank themselves in cold blood for most Christians who embraced them, but even his reasons were undoubtedly better than most of them! I envy Jonah as much as I had! However, minus the repentance of the person to whom he is forgiven, any forgiveness he may receive from a true Christian will not benefit him. In such a case, the only person who benefits is the true Christian himself!
