New York City has one man above all, Dr. Anton Murdrid the Immortal. Meridid ​​is the protector of the sworn, using his magical powers to keep his brother and rival, Kabal, chained to chains so as not to enslave the human race. Well, do not you know that? Prophecy is realized and the fragmentation of Kabal, begins to collect elements (including platinum and uranium) for chemistry experiments. With the help of a police woman called Sam, can Mordred defeat his evil brother? "Dr. Murdred" comes to me with the permission of the Charles band in the Full Moon Archive group. I did not hear about this, which is a bit strange considering that I'm a big fan of Jeffrey Combs (Murdred) and the film is not that old. But now I have become and can enjoy it again and again. The movie is certainly interesting on the classic Full Moon. Richard Band presents the music (which is not much different from all his other degrees) and Brian Thompson plays the evil Kabal. We even have animated dinosaur bones! what do you want more? Of course, the cheese factor is high. I felt that much of the movie was part of Dr String's comics. The blue pants were ridiculous. There are slots everywhere (I can list at least five, but why bother). Why does the old symbol of Mordor and Kabal look like a hammer and a sickle? Combs has never been a strong actor, so he is suitable for cheeses. These are not complaints. Full Moon fans have come to expect these things and to take them like grapes and nuts. I'm guilty ... I loved this movie. <br /> <br /> If you are not a fan of Full Moon, or a fan of Jeffrey Combs ... you might want to look elsewhere. But if you like the early 1990s style of making movies and haircuts, you'll eat this. Stallone and Schwarzenegger fans may love to see Brian Thompson as a villain, and they seem like a mob ever and can not speak English after the third level. I did. I wish there was a "Mordrid II", but the company that manufactures part of almost everything (Is "Gingerdead Man 3" really necessary?) Has passed on this.
