Holly is the story of a young girl who was sold by her poor family and smuggled across the border to Cambodia to work as a prostitute in the famous red light village K11. In the film, Holly waits to be sold at a higher price than her virginity when she meets Patrick who loses money and friends through gambling and coffee shops. Patrick and Holly have direct links to their "stubbornness", but all this hangs when Holly is sold to baby shops and disappears. We are filmgoers, then we get into Patrick's quest to find Holly again. Holly then shows her willingness to abandon this pattern of life but is confused about right and wrong. Holly takes us through beautiful and cruel Cambodia, and finds out that Holly is not just one girl. Is the voice of millions of children who are exploited and violated every year without any rights or protection. <br /> <br /> Holly is less extreme than her subject might suggest, such as documentaries with 4-year-old children and sex trafficking, but does not highlight Cambodian / Vietnamese trafficking of children in prostitution. It is an influential story that helps highlight the terrible situation faced by many children and their struggle for trust and understanding of what is right and what is wrong. <br /> <br /> Patrick, the movie opponent is an American stolen artifacts dealer who also loses money and friends while playing cards and getting into bar fights. During his journey, he ran out of fuel from his motorcycle and was forced to rent a room in a brothel. During his stay, he met Holly, a 12-year-old girl who was sold by her parents and kidnapped in slavery and prostitution. Holly and Patrick begin a friendship of trust and understanding. He discovers a smart and stubborn girl down the outer part of the shock and becomes determined to save her - though their relationship is poorly understood by almost everyone. When they suddenly disappear, a journey begins to track them, without thinking about whether they can really help them. <br /> <br /> Holly can escape on her way to another brothel when she jumps out of the truck. It extends to a field filled with mines. A mine is detonated by a cow and the truck driver believes that she died, so leave Holly alone. During Patrick's trip to find Holly, he meets a social worker who tries to talk to him about something and shares the facts that haunt the Cambodian region. She argues that the idea of ​​paying for her freedom simply feeds demand: 30,000 children in prostitution in Cambodia - the number of children next year could reach 60,000. "I'm not trying to save 60,000 people. I'm trying to save one," he says. Patrick discovers that the idea of ​​transferring her to safety quickly stops when the social worker tells him that the United States will not allow him to adopt. Although it takes five minutes to "save" a child, it takes five years to reintegrate. In the community. Patrick is not affected by the information as he continues his quest to find Holly. <br /> <br /> It is then shown that Holly is taking her to a small town and looking for food with other homeless children. She then became a friend of a local police who looked slightly better than criminals with a badge when they sold her to another brothel and then made a deal with a Vietnamese businessman who then took her to her virginity. Holly seems to believe that this is her fate, and when Patrick finally finds her, Yum Yum and Boom Boom are ready for her distant friend. Patrick is completely confused by this change in behavior, but he is undeterred in his plan to keep it out of this world. In the end, he steals it and takes it to a safe land in the welfare of the social worker. Holly is given new clothes, if she feeds and is brought to the dance class, but is forbidden to see Patrick. This longing to be in the comfort of Patrick's friendship, runs away from the safe house and returns to the streets in Cambodia. <br /> <br /> At the same time, Patrick is dealing with the decision to leave the country and flee back to the US or stay in Cambodia. His thoughts continue to return to Holly during a visit to the pub; an old man sees the picture he carries and comments on his sexual appetite when he fucked her. This angers Patrick and hits the man and runs out of the bar. Eventually, Patrick was caught by the police in the eyes of Holly, who is hiding behind the pole. <br /> <br /> Holly may make the public want to donate money to organizations working to improve the lives of these poor young people and even campaign to reduce the amount of brothels in the region, but the film's enormous weaknesses may reduce the chances of seeing it. By enough people to make a difference. In general, I think the concept is better as a documentary film and it was not like a movie. The actors have done a great job of showing the real feelings and confusion of young people affected by this type of life, but in the end, the harsh lifestyle in the region and the desperate ideas of parents selling their children to support their own famine do nothing to help children.
