After enjoying this exhibition for years, I used to dream of being able to see them again and share them with my grandchildren. I am very happy to pay a small sum for the memories I found recorded on DVD. Florida was a foster mother with a hardworking loving husband, a beautiful, pampered daughter and two different children from day and night. Michael, the infant son is an infantry freedom and JJ is a clown. I know that many African-Americans did not like this show, but I know that many can see and should have accepted it as it was. My heart was sad when I learned that Esther Roll had died. Tyler Perry is now the main author of this day, and I support his work, but not as much as the cruel irony of Roll in one of his plays. No one should hear ugly things about physical appearance. The show started less interesting when Dadi James died. I picked up a bit when I married Florida again, but she retreated when I took the show off. In general, the show was fantastic, and I am once again pleased to have copies of part of my past. I try to keep up with the work of the former Good Times stars, and I have to say, they are one group that did not sweep rumors. I think today's children will enjoy this show and I have no problem sitting and watching the kids. Congratulations to the writer, crew and stars for years of renewable memories from the time I can enjoy it again without having to skip the scenes. <br /> <br /> Okay, so I watch the shows again and again. I recently noticed something that made me rethink the series, but I do not like them. I think Florida was a bit harsh when it came to the money the kids collected. It does not mean that children did not need supervision, but that was done in such a way that maternity in Florida is different. The scenes in which I had to Florida to talk about how other people did not look well bother me now. When James was alive, the show made a great deal of James wanting his own store Fix-it, but he never lived to see his family outside the projects, but Florida married a man who had a store installed. A little slap in the face of a representative who was not supposed to end his time at Good Times to prove he had done everything he wanted. Finally, when I watch the shows, I see that the series moves to extra time and is called "JJ". To be honest, after James left everything is centered around the JJ. Not a bad thing, it's just something remarkable. I would not exchange my DVDs for any amount of money, but the time, maturity and experience began to guide your eyes after a while.
