When people think of downtown Chicago, they think of Walter Payton, Dietka, Dee Bears, Ryan Sandberg, The White Sox in the Curse of 2005, or Michael Jordan, the immortal and his six championships (and MVP Championship) with the Chicago Bulls. Rarely do people think of this generation of troubled Chicago, Jewish neighborhoods, drug-infested streets and life in urban housing projects during the 1970s. <br /> <br /> One of the most spectacular and pioneering TV shows ever was the "Good Times" sitcom, which I vaguely remember as a little kid on CBS, and I now enjoy regularly on TV Land. <br /> <br /> "Good Times" was another classic of Norman Lear, the producer of "The Jeffersons," the best African-American comedy series ever and "All in the Family" is the greatest show ever. The "good times" took out the hardships of the Jewish quarter and urban housing projects, and did so with charm, well written and thoughtful plots, and some particularly impressive representation by the head of the family and the patriarch of the troubled ghetto family played by Esther Roll and John Amos. The children in the support team were very good, especially Janet Jackson who is very popular in her early years and Ralph Carter as the youngest son of Florida and James Evans who realize their personality at an early age that life is unfair and has to learn to stand on his own two feet. <br /> <br /> The biggest of the JJ children played by Jimmy Walker is somewhat in this show and there is basically a comic relief. His emotional age is around 11 or 12 although he looks like a man in his early 20s. J.J. It becomes troublesome, thanks to James Evans (Amos) who often bad not tells J. To get his own life, get a job and get out of the house. J.J. He is an aspiring painter but unlike his younger brother he is never serious about getting a college degree, or more important for a family that gets a job to help support a family that outweighs the welfare status. <br /> <br /> Two good episodes, Good Times, are Janet Jackson's 104-year-old fever. Florida Evans desperately seeks good medical help and can afford anything but a very professional doctor Now he does not want to give the family of projects any more attention than they have to legally. The other incident is the ring that James Evans can not afford for a low rent of $ 104 a month. Evans is about to get bigger family setbacks, being kicked out of projects with nowhere to go. Florida Evans goes to the center of social services to try to get a loan or a grant to help her family. But the government does not consider her family poor because she has more than $ 4,200 of assets for a family of five which is unfairly but unfortunately the poverty line law. James and the kids want the crowds to get the money, but Florida is a person of great moral character and does not want to do anything unsafe, no matter how difficult it is. In the end, the family finds a solution to keep their heads above water. <br /> <br /> "Good Times" A classic view of the 1970s is to keep your head above water in a harsh world. James and Florida Evans are hard at work in trying to get their children back to the right and avoid stigma. I was too young to understand the message of the sitcom as a young child in the 1970s on his first CBS broadcast, but I really enjoy re-broadcasting on TV Land in 2006. "Good Times" is one of the classic backstage dramas of the day.
