The "forbidden planet" represents this kind of precious science fiction in cinema, especially from the 1950s. There was "Earth Day Still Stable" and "World War," lest you forget the gems that took her story from Shakespeare's "Storm" to tell the story of astronauts on a planet with a doctor on it. breakthrough. It is a type of progress that is very unbelievable (although in 1956, it is amazing to see some of those groups and that giant machine created by the doctor), but with a focus on the characters and their themes. The technology taken by the most primitive side of human nature even when we do not know we are directing it. <br /> <br /> On the surface - this in the first ten minutes - it seems standard, if you act a bit more professionally and skillfully directed than B movies in that period. An astronaut ship on a mission to the Altair-4 planet to recover an exploratory voyage lost decades ago. But the only left is Dr. Morpis (Walter Pidgeon) and his daughter, who were somehow immune from the attack that led to the death of everyone. Morbius seems to be a very friendly and intelligent man, and his technique seems so impressive that the only thing astronauts, led by Skipper (Leslie Nielsen), can think of doing is to report it to their superiors on Earth. <br /> <br /> But there is a problem - there is something that kills crew members, one by one, every night, even when others watch themselves and then put an invisible electric fence, which the invisible thing passes easily. At the same time, there is some romance between Skipper and Alraira, and there is a more impulsive feeling than the doctor: You should not come to the planet to start, and now you have to go. What's happening is more exciting, just at the intellectual level, but Forbidden Planet never forgets that its audience should also enjoy this story with some useful ideas. Although everyone may remember Robbie Robot, for good reason, the memorable image for me may be the monster who was caught on the screen when the crew fired in vain. He was moving with red electricity and looking so brutally that it seemed far from fantasy. The representation of Pidgeon is accurate: you will not expect it to be evil, although there is something in the personality and performance that speaks of it, and in the end makes the personality far more complex than one would expect. The other shows are practical but also excellent, from Nielsen as a born leader to Holliman, providing some of the comic comfort Cook (which I should add to help with one of the scenes in the film with those balloons from Ruby Bourbon). The effects of this extraordinary time (sophisticated pulp fashion nostalgia for this day too) and music, performed by electronics, are beautiful in their "tones". But in the end, the script and the exact direction of Hilcox is what puts this score above the rest of the B group. When it's supposed to be funny, it intentionally works. When it is dramatic, it is well connected even in its harsh moments with actors. When we are forced to think of a terrible situation, it starts gradually, by a small margin, not slipping into our faces or injecting a huge movement. <br /> <br /> An inspiration for many other science fiction movies, a remarkable science fiction and old-fashioned story, a classic and entertaining story.
