I would like to say at the beginning that there are many things I like about "Forbidden Planet" and yes, I certainly consider it a "classic" fantasy film for many reasons. But the statement he has received over the years is slightly more than in my opinion. Leonard Maltin's power for "The Forbidden Planet" is "one of the most ambitious and intelligent films in this genre of film." Ambition? Without a doubt. Clever? Depends on the part of the movie you're talking about. It was definitely the most famous science fiction flick and a high budget for this point. At a cost of nearly $ 2 million (remember that was 1956, remember), MGM ended all attempts to produce a fantastic and innovative adventure in outer space unlike anything seen on the big screen before, even hiring artists from the Disney studio for some special effects more details. "Charming" is not usually a word used to describe special effects in science fiction movies, but this is the most appropriate word here. Even the dreaded "Monster from the Id" is just a well-designed cartoon character by the Disney people, unlikely to scare anyone over 8 years old. When I see different groups and take note of artistic design, models, costumes, etc., I do not remember anything like "Wizard of Oz" with its beautifully saturated colors and convincing effects if not always. Much of the work in these films has gone so far that the individual tends to smile in admiration regardless of effort. "Blocked Planet" is great to look at. The scenes on play groups are clearly and beautifully decorated, non-glossy plates of planets and space in the background, intricately designed sand dunes etc. to give illusion depth. It's a bit like watching the most well-produced play you've never seen before. Perhaps the most believable scenes are the scenes inside the massive Krell complex, where the footage that illustrates the vast depth and width of this interior space is well prepared and credible. But then we get to the actors, and we reject it. The performances were almost as horrendous, although it is fair to say that the dialogue barely exceeds the humor of the adolescent room, with the exception of some passages that contain barely enough scientific technique. Even the great actor Walter Pidgeon has shortened such a strong performance, sometimes pathetic. Very small Leslie Nielsen plays the role of captain of spacecraft J. Adams, does not convey an ounce of credibility or condemnation in the entire film. He seems to know instinctively, thirty years ahead of time, that his real power lies in comedy, because at times he seems barely able to maintain a straight face that reads his lines. Every forced reaction, whether it is anger, passion or official meditation, seems far from playing in high school. Anne Francis, who was also very small, was just as good as Alta supposed to be innocent, and we think she never saw a male other than her father until the crew of the spaceship appeared. (Alta Morpheus, there is now a name for you.) Unfortunately, even at this early stage of age, Anne Francis looks like a virgin and naive like Elizabeth Taylor in the movie "Butterfield 8." There is a good story here, buried somewhere down the comments of his disconcerting colleagues about Alta and another sub-plot of events related to the Earl Halliman Cookie kitchen. (Holiman also turns out to be a terrible performance, I think all these actors moved directly from this film to the acting school). Based on Shakespeare's "The Storm," the story of a dead race, Karl, and the wonderful world of machines, they have left behind what most people tend to remember about the "forbidden planet" and for good reason. For a few minutes here and there, you can forget the rest of the movie and you'll be amazed at the Disney artists' concept of the underground Krell complex. Is it enough to compensate for the rest of the film's shortcomings? You'll have to decide it yourself. Oh, and of course there's Ruby Robot, the idea of ​​every ten-year-old in the 1950s about how the robot should look and talk. It's funny. In places. Therefore, the "forbidden planet" for me is a very mixed bag. He deserves recognition for being a source of inspiration for a whole host of science fiction movies and TV shows that followed, not least Star Trek. But I would suggest that anyone who thinks it's more than just a good science fiction photographer goes back to see it again.
