When one thinks of science fiction movies in the 1950s, one is thinking of a kind of Black and Schlocky B that was stolen on the old Mystery Science Theater 3000. However, although there are much more films like Plan 9 From Outer Space and Robot Monster than good movies, the 1950s had some good, if not wonderful, science fiction movies like The Day The Earth Stood Still, The Incredible Shrinking Man, Invasion of the Body Snatchers, World Wars, and the thing from another world. However, the best in the group, given its values ​​in reading, writing and production, was undoubtedly MGM's first major invasion of science fiction, Forbidden Planet, released in 1956. It was a 98-minute color film, directed by Fred M. Wilcox , Then featured the latest special effects, given by Cyril Hume of Hume's screenplay, called Fatal Planet, Irving Block and Alan Adler, who adapted aspects of William Shakespeare's The Tempest. <br /> <br /> The film was chanted when it was shown, because of its special effects nominated for the Academy Award, and all its electronic musical scores, written by Lewis and Pepe Baron (though credited with electronic ringtones, to avoid fees from the Music Guild), paintings Live Matte - Inspired by Chesley Bonestell, and the famous Monster Of The Id (MOTI), animated by the cartoonist Joshua Meador, on loan from Walt Disney Studio. More famous was the appearance of Robbie the Robot, in his first role in the film or television. Later in the film The Invisible Boy - featured in this DVD as a reward, as well as many of the features in the 1960's science fiction television programs The Twilight Zone, Night Gallery and Lost In Space - with his own often confused robot, And the appearance of a veil in the movie Gremlins 1984. <br /> <br /> The story is simple, but elegantly designed, full of humor that softens the side of the forced "Love Story" in the film. In the twenty-third century, the United Planet Cruiser C-57D was a flying saucer, led by Commander G. Adams (Leslie Nielsen - yes, a former pioneer man a few days ago), on his way to the planet Altair IV, to verify what happened to the crew of Bellerophon, who was sent to the planet twenty years ago. After a year-long trip, they met there with the only survivor of the party, Dr. Edward Morpheus (Walter Pidgeon), the astronomer at Prospero, his brilliant daughter Altaire (Anne Francis) - Miranda in a short skirt before the 1960s, Robbie Robot She is a Calipanian counterpart. Morpheus warns the crew of the mysterious force that killed the Belerophone Party in their first year, but was immune to it ??. All in all, it is a technically good film - especially with some background projections and non-glamorous paintings, and the absurdity of adult reactions to Timis and Robbie exploits the absurdity of Dalian's absurdity. However, it is clear that the filmmakers did not have any sense of the absurdity of the film, because it is played straight, making it more entertaining. As for the main advantage? The forbidden planet deserves all glory. It's not an ideal film, but it's a great way to spend a few hours, much better than Star Wars, which, although made 20 years later, is old and numerous. Only films like 2001: A Space Odyssey, Solaris, Alien, Aliens, and the first two films from Terminator have already achieved or surpassed this classic film with depth and impact. <br /> <br /> It is worth knowing that, although the planet Forbidden "happy end", there is a possibility that the MOTI is still latent inside Alta, as well. After all, she is her father's daughter and had a more vivid nightmare than her father when the ship's shipping ministry attacked again. Also, the movie only shows the MOTI wisely once, and Krel never presents, because fantasy can always evoke greater concerns than the best special effects. The film also benefits from narrative eras to intensify storytelling, something that real-life films often fail to achieve. Forbidden Planet is one of the rare films that both of them set beyond and beyond its age - unlike other science fiction films that were Cold War symbols. Watch it, you will agree, as well as sleep a little less easy. But, even if you do not, there is still a scene for Annie Francis. This alone is timeless.
