The "forbidden planet" is one of the hallmarks of science fiction, carefully preserving the "hard" aspects of this genre (science - not fantasy, and ergo) and continuing to play with images and ideas of contemporary 1950s values. The isolated house of Morbius is a model of contemporary design with open spaces to carved gardens, a swimming pool and ideal household appliances: Robby the Robot. "Dream housewife!" The captain captures after lunch and displays the robot's ability to collect food and disassemble waste. <br /> <br /> He also revealed the 1950s of the last century: Freudian psychology raises its head in explaining identity, although Morpheus dismisses it as obsolete. Concept. There is a touch of Pacific War drama in the battle with the invisible monster and life on the saucer. Perhaps most timely is the post-peak fear that science is the enemy, and that arrogant scientists will inadvertently drop destruction in their blind pursuit of knowledge. <br /> <br /> However, the suburban drama provided by Forbidden Planet looks uniquely new in this type of science fiction. They are not vampires or heroes, but ordinary sailors cross the galaxy in a blunt and honest manner. Good people lead the flying saucer, and foreigners have long gone and do not even know how their shape was - although their own music "The Colors of the Atmosphere" by Pepe and Louis Barron have become remarkably futuristic today. The views of Morbius' house are really quaint with coarse cliffs and pink ponies. The inner part of the dish is just that side of Buck Rogers. There are many visually admire. Although we have got great monsters and robots for children, Forbidden Planet is a slow, talkative brain film. It works on several levels simultaneously: hard science fiction against space adventure, philosophical against local. <br /> <br /> There are many touches in the suburbs. Despite all their talk in space, soldiers wear their clothes for the golf course. The discovery of Morpheus's killer is a modest educational facility, a school. The most interesting character is the daughter of Morbius' Altaira. After she did not see a man go shamelessly to the crew. She is a teenager in the post-Madonna style of her own clothes in the space age and takes every opportunity to change her clothes - imagine Christina Aguilera through a home copy tool. It may be seen by the men who watch the film as a naive girl in the minidress, but every woman knows that there is nothing like a naive girl in the minidress. Anne Francis deserves a better appreciation for the insult of Lotte with kisses. Unfortunately, we will never know whether they "work" as you think, because the captain cuts off and becomes a more interested target. Is the personality that brings about the important change in the film. She was shocked that her father was comparing the dead to the other "backward" in his own party. She was moving away from her father, her house, to leave with the sailors to the ground. It is this act of challenge, maturity, that sends the creature of Morbius's identity to the edge, and destroys its author in a metaphorical manner as it did thousands of centuries earlier to Krell. <br /> <br /> Maybe Krell had teenage girls too ...?
