The only thing I knew about this film before seeing it was Ruby Robot. My earlier perception was that it was the last in a long series of science fiction films cheeses that were famous for the 1950s. How wrong you are. The large studio, the large budget and the large production values ​​make this a strong competitor, at least visually, for the best science fiction film of the era. I am visually qualified, because the World War is darker and uglier than the Forbidden Planet, and the mold may fit better as an invasion of alien lands. <br /> <br /> What impressed me immediately was the color delivery of the cinema, followed by the complexity and scope of detail involved in the house and Dr. Morpheus (Walter Pidgeon). But this was just an introduction to the snow on the cake, an underground maze that served as a stronghold of Krell. It seems that Krell's technique was more sophisticated than saying, "Star Wars." What made me think, sat the audience of this film when it was probably released in the same kind of horror that the theater pioneers had in 1977 with SW, or in 1986 with "aliens". I was offered to watch it on a big TV screen in my living room with the same effect, and I am pretty much resistant to high blood pressure. <br /> <br /> It is not impossible to imagine "Forbidden Planet" as a direct precedent in the television series "Star Trek"; Gene Roddenberry himself stated that the film had a significant impact on his vision of the show. Followers of this short-lived series will learn about the chart elements used here that appeared in "Star Trek". I had to do a double task when the United Planers Cruiser C57-V went to a transfer room, while the puzzle to Robby that created the impossibility of response was used at least two or three times in the ST series. <br /> <br /> Since the movie certainly played a role in the brain, it had to do with the whole idea of ​​"monsters of identity." Morpheus himself used his subconscious mind to defend the fourth Altaire, which is certainly a unique concept of 1956, when every other scientific flick at the time was dealing with Marses or other alien space creatures. The film has worked as a hidden charm on this scene by helping me understand that Morpheus was the protector of Alter IV, a period before the explanation of Commander Adams (Leslie Nielsen). <br /> <br /> You know, given the calendar, the year 2200 is not out of reach. This movie may be a movie that is really true for other planets to explore and live in. Although I think they will have to make a more elegant version of Ruby.
