I always feel so frustrated that most science fiction films are really Western or warlike. Even the visually stunning Star Wars has one of its central images, a "future gang that can not shoot directly." Imagine coming to about 600 people with conventional weapons, most of them with open shots, and missing. <br /> <br /> I've read a lot of science fiction, and I hope there are more movies for the thinker. Planet forbidden, one of the first of this genre, is still one of the best. The story is based on a long-extinct civilization, Krell, which invented machines that can enhance the intelligence of any object by quantum leaps. Unfortunately, what is not negotiated, is that the brain is the center of ideas other than intellectual. The primitive aspect of the brain, identified as Freud, is allowed to be observed. It is released in sleep, a bad dream comes into being physically. Dr. Walter Biggon, Dr. Morpheus, is the person who has raised his brain to this level, with which he built machines and defenses that make him barely step one step away from the horrors of his own mind break. His thoughts create a freak that he will not be able to defend soon. The krill, a far superior type, was unable to stop it; it destroyed them. The landing party has never been of great importance to me. The rest of the actors are interchangeable. Anne Francis is beautiful and naïve, and certainly produced a reaction in fifty adolescent males. Her father's anger is compounded by her innocence and the astronauts of the fifties wolf (because they are more like construction workers than in real astronauts). They are always trying to discover "ladies". The chef is a great figure, with a cheerful obsession. Robbie the Robot has a much more personal character than most of the crew, and one wonders if Mr. Spock may not be a close friend of the literal thinking of this artificial creature. The whole film is very satisfactory because the situation is the star. Morpheus can not turn back, so he is destined to destroy himself and everything with him. There are a few science fiction movies that are worth seeing more than once; this is one that can coast right into the 21st century.
