I think the movie "Anyway ..." is a kick ass movie. really. Tom Barman has spent such years making her, and this shows: Every polished scene has meaning, ... I think most people agree on that. One thing that many people tend to criticize is the "lack of" story. I fear that this will have an effect on us in the "traditional" storytelling all the time. I mean, what you can achieve with a book, you can not achieve with a movie, what you can achieve with a film, you can not achieve by telling a friend. The problem is that we are used to movies and serials ... to be just a picture version of a story; a visual recording of events - like watching news - we expect each film to have these epic characteristics: a strong story with a lot of unusual events. I emphasize the idea of ​​"extraordinary events": Most people see on television in the news, in movies, serials, ... unusual things, and once-in-a-lifetime attitudes. Here, in "Anyway ...", there are unusual events, but not in the same kind of "big explosion in Hollywood": the guy is shot, a couple is back, the car is stolen ... and of course things are very usual. This is strong: just the ability to appreciate all that, the universe, this art. I agree that especially what can only be achieved in films, and that the atmosphere created by the result and photography has become central. But not as it is in traditional visual films (films such as the matrix); it serves the characters and the human remains deeply. I mean, in every shot you feel Tom Barman's love for Antwerp and the urban lifestyle. He has no meaning in this film, like "learning" us something; he has no big story to tell with amazing screenplay transitions. It shows only ordinary people who live their daily lives, and shows a city, with all their good and bad aspects, and says: This is us, this is our city, this is life, let us enjoy it. So, "Anyway ..." is not only a very cool film; it also has a much stronger "message" (not obvious, perhaps unintentional) than most movies actually intend to pass a message. One drawback: Now, we'll have to wait five years to see the next Barman pic, and everyone will expect a lot of it ...
