WRITTEN ON THE WIND, directed by Douglas Cirque and released in 1956, is similar to all Sirk films mid-mid-fifties pure melodrama. However, it is full of richly developed melodrama, Sirk's expressive dark expression, palpitations, barely pent-up emotions, symbolism and overlapping make this film a movie he yearns for. <br /> <br /> The movie opens brilliantly, four central characters and the plot being presented as the loans are still going on. Sirk uses a clever structure to go back to take us to his world ... <br /> <br /> Robert Stack and Dorothy Malone have a wonderful look like Hadley's kids, Kyle and Marley. He drinks and sleeps with women. She drinks and sleeps with men. Both are worth millions, thanks to Hadley's oil work. Mitch Wayne (Rock Hudson), a poor man, is a lifelong friend of Kyle, and Mary's dream lovers. Lucy Moore (Lauren Bacall), a young, attractive young woman who falls under the spell of Kyle after he picks up a phone and runs across the countryside one night, gets into this mess. Mitch loves her too, but Kyle wins them. They get married quickly, and Kyle stops drinking. But the fate seems to be written on the wind, and not long before Marilyn's complicit (who would marry "Mitch" or marry or not marry), Mitch smiled secretly, Lucy was confused and Kayley was drunk drunk. ... <br /> <br /> A wonderful Malone like Marley Hadley, fully worthy of her best actress Oscar. She steals every scene she is in. Stack is equally important, as it works to increase melodrama, while retaining the despair with skill and calmness. Hudson and Bakal are much more bound than these two, yet they are in line with the characters they play. <br /> <br /> So, what is all this melodrama really? Well, a lot of things. Image a strong heap of male inadequacy and fear, for one thing. Sirk surrounds the stack with faint symbols throughout the film - note his small small gun, oil residue and absolute final symbol, Kyle's inability to conceive children. Stack seems to be suffering from a massive male compound compounded by his father's preference for Hudson, his sister's desire for Hudson, and his suspicion that his wife is continuing with Hudson. With all these riches, Kyle Hadley still ends up at the wrong end of the city, where he drinks cheaply priced wines like "Bum". <br /> <br /> It is impossible dreams, and we must abandon them. The river, which Kyle, Marley and Mitch used to play when they were young throughout the film, is often referred to as Kyle and Marley's (especially) desire for youth innocence and simplicity. In an excellent melodramatic scene, completely withdrawn by Malone, Maryleigh stands beside the river and imagines herself again as a child, with Mitch's voice telling Marylee that she will always be his girl. This is where Sirk hits the huge emotional chord with the viewer. Who did not dream of returning to this special place in childhood? Who did not live, at some point, on a dear memory? Who did not want anything he could not get? He remembers the last line of the Hudson film (yes, no dialogue in the last ten minutes or so, just close) about "Away from the River, Marley". amazing.
