I saw this film at the Chicago Film Festival Chicago. To capture the observations of previous references, the sensational colors and distant colors of the film are a perfectly sensual sense and convey the sense of limited space, terrible engineering, and general gloom that forms the urban environment of most people in Eastern and Central Europe. The method of a somewhat dilapidated housing project is how I describe it, that is the number of people living on the outskirts of major cities. I can not say that I am familiar with Bucharest, Romania, where the events unfolded, but I visited and lived in Eastern Europe for six months. <br /> <br /> When I visited Russia as a student for a semester, my entire group had to pull their seven-story luggage down the stairs of the dilapidated student housing building, just as the heroine did when moving with a woman because the elevators were not working. But I agree with the references, that indoor phobias and silent colors are exaggerated, because there are certainly beautiful historic buildings, gardens and courtyards you can find in Bucharest or in any city center in historic Eastern Europe, and Bucharest has not got much of any Shots in this movie. For me, watching this film conveys a good fear of the places I felt during the half-year I spent there, and I feel confined and limited. (This makes you see why someone wants to migrate and find a better life, just as if people were hoping to escape from the Jewish neighborhood in the United States). <br /> <br /> Also, because of the climate of fear of homosexuals, for example, in the 1980s, young women who are in love with each other are forced to keep their love a very special issue; therefore, focusing on their interaction in the apartment . <br /> <br /> It is wonderful and praiseworthy that this strange film was made in Romania, and I find the previous reviewer's complaint about the poor film quality not very well-informed and care. The director and the producer are unlikely to have printed much of the government support and funding for their film, and they have done their best with their limited resources. The actors were fairly good and authenticated. The dialogue was generally good, and I could deal with these women. <br /> <br /> The film offers an added touch to the forbidden love between two girls, Kiki, a free and lively love-loving spirit with a disturbing dark mystery (her admiration for his abusive brother and the thief of the Sando warriors) in love with Alexandra, a bright young woman, To Bucharest to start her university studies. Attracts antibodies, and their characters seem to complement each other, although there is some tension between ambitious and exciting Alexandra and Kiki, who seem to be attending college to please her parents. It seems manageable to keep their love hidden from their parents, even though we feel no sense of the tension it requires. We do not see or meet any other student - it is hard to believe - and the tension that keeps the secret of their love entailed. The main threat to their love is Kiki's brother and the difficulty of trying to document her relationship with him. But it seems that Kiki's love for Alexandra gives her the power she needs in the end to tighten the bond, or does she? This is what the film focuses on as the narrative unfolds, and I will not say how it ends. <br /> <br /> Ironically, Kiki's love for love is not the love of another woman, but an illegitimate one, the loving incest of her brother. Thus, the love of women provides potential treatment for fraternal love. <br /> <br /> Although this film seems suffocating and afraid of anxiety, and is too limited to the interactions between Kiki and Alexandra, he was still interacting and moving to watch it, so I will give it 7.
