At the Oscars on March 27, 1957, Dorothy Malone won the Oscar for Best Supporting Actress for her mysterious portrayal of the heir to the Texas oil man at WRITTEN ON THE WIND. The 1956 boiler, quoting Robert Wilder's novel, was a real three-episode circus featuring alcoholism, greed, helplessness and pity. <br /> <br /> Malone's performance as Marley Hadley, a richly lonely girl who captures men to ease the pain of rejection from his childhood sweetheart, was the film's representative as a whole. You are supposed to see it while you turn to Melodrama, WRITTEN ON THE WIND, in the end one man, the incredibly talented director, Douglas Cirque, an immigrant from pre-World War II Germany who left the legacy of the European theater behind him to practice In Hollywood. <br /> <br /> Cirque, who was a very well-known man, named himself in the 1950s as a trusted director of the Universal Studios Opera series of the luxury soap opera, especially with Ross Hunter's productions of a wonderful commentary, all that was allowed and the tradition of life . Independent producer Albert Zogmeth presented the circus with the opportunity to work outside the restrictions restricting the entertainment of Universal Publishing and creating a more exciting product for adults. The 1957 TARNISHED ANGELS, both of which were released under the banner of Universal International. It is a guess from anyone why Sirk did not follow richer themes, but it seems that directing these exaggerated dramas attracted his artistic sensibilities. The WIND can be written on the epic Circus soap opera. In fact, it is full of human frailty and nerves as described among the wealthy so much that it is worth watching like any real local conflict between the rich and famous, and perhaps even more so. Robert Stack (not a well-known actor) is a strong match for Malone with his show of weak brother Kyle Hadley, a shadow of his father's father. When he discovers that he is unable to impregnate his new bride (Leonin Jamil Lauren Bacall), Hadley moves away from the end, raising a serious drinking problem with a "secret" fetus threatening to make him a human time bomb. Both the brother and sister, as corrupt and undesirable, are presented as victims of their past, giving them a human quality that makes them look less brutal (and more interesting than the "good" side of the family, especially Bakal and Rock Hudson the impossible and a young friend of Hadley and his partner). The work of an alternative son of the old man and the desire of Malone that can not be achieved.) Despite all the local dependence displayed, it is not an unforgettable story here in the way it is filmed; with a real bouquet of installation and graphic editing, The picture with the best cinematography of Tecnicolor can be imagined E: every shot in this film is a painting filled with color saturated colors, from the scene of a car and a pink Cadillac-like tanks jump to the doors of the huge palace into a luxury hotel Miami luxurious decor, a range of shapes almost deepening diversity. The dramatic and exciting scenes of Cirque are brilliantly illuminated by slanted camera angles, ambiguous lighting and cross-editing, which are dramatically visible in the scene as the drunken, rebellious Malone in her upstairs bedroom dances into the loud voice of the record player, the father climbing the bad stairs; the scene is so overwhelming that you swear You suffer from a great Oedipus drama. What you really see is the trash of a tremendously amusing kind, graded in technicolor fluffy and polished to perfection by a visual genius.
