I first saw this film in 1987 and was emotionally moved to a great extent by a mixture of guilt about what my fellow white people could do to innocent people and the outside world's reluctance to investigate these atrocities against men. <br /> <br /> The funeral of Steve Pico was especially impressive, making him the South African anthem who played at the time more lively. I thought for a long time that this film achieved what no one else did - open the eyes of the world to what was already happening in South Africa. I consider myself a natural person who thinks well and I can testify how this film is not my whole way of thinking about not just South Africa, but how we imagine as black human characters. I did not see any difference between people of any color or creed, but after watching this film, I changed my life physically and I spent the past 17 years living in a predominantly black country and helping many people rise above their current standard of living and achieve it unless they think it is possible. The greatest reward I can honestly say that I have received - to be able to say that in my small way I have contributed to repairing the balance and treating it a bit. But if many people like me and actually did something to help blacks without seeking a reward, all the black population on this planet would be better off. <br /> <br /> I challenge anyone who thinks well to watch the Cry free from start to finish and not feeling that you are gripping your heart as you watch 700 schoolchildren who were brutally shot in Sharpville for refusing to learn Afrikaans and violent killing of Steve Pico, This hero for the rights of his people, then, in the end, to understand that all this is not just a film, although a wonderful film, but all that happened already and less than 30 years ago. <br /> <br /> Yes, my friends, watch this movie and then watch if you can then go out and party hard. I could not. I was very upset by the truth. This is the hallmark of a wonderful movie. It is clear that the intention of Sir Richard Attenborough is to convey this message about South Africa. Of course he did. Unless it is to support apartheid. Good luck.
