What a wonderful movie. I will admit it is very ambitious, with the theme. In just over two and a half hours, it's also a very long film. But none of these indicators are defects in any way. Cry Freedom, despite minor flaws, is a powerful, compelling and compelling film about the story of Black Activist Steve Pico in his struggle to awaken South Africa to the horrors of apartheid. It is true that the first half is stronger than the second half in terms of emotional impact. People also complained that the film suffers from a lot of forest is not enough Pico. I may be wrong, but although it is the story of Pico, it is narrated in the perspective of Woods, so Woods is an important figure in conveying Picot's story to the world. <br /> <br /> Cry Freedom looks amazing. With a stop-motion cinema and stunning scenery of South Africa, was a visual feast. The opening scenes were especially shot brilliantly. George Fenton's music has brought great weight in most scenes. It was hidden in the scenes in the second half, but it is exciting and exciting in the audience scenes. The script was of exceptional quality, the courtroom scenes with Pico were enough to make you think that wow these things are of real quality. The first half with Pico as a main hub has always had something emotional to feel, be it the police attack on South Africans or Pico's death. The entire second half of Donald Woods holds you less emotional, but makes up for how you portray, perform and write. There are really exciting parts. <br /> <br /> The performances were exceptional from the whole cast, ranging from the most minor characters to the show teams, and there was not one bad performance. Regardless of existing dialects, it is easy to get quotes. Denzel Washington In one of his most acclaimed performances, he performs superbly like Pico, and Kevin Klein shows that he can be good in drama and in comedy, because he has performed a subtle performance to match Washington's performance. The chemistry of the two men is validated and never strikes a wrong note. Penelope Wilton is as beautiful as the wife of Donald Wendy, a wonderful actress anyway. Out-performance booster, there may be some bias, two stood for me. One was Timothy West, who enjoyed his role as Captain Dwight. The other was the extraordinary John Tao at any time in the role of an ingeniously skilled hijab as a crook. Lord Richard Attenborough's direction and sensitivity are constantly focused as usual. <br /> <br /> In general, it's a really great movie. It is ambitious and long, but it never ceases to be convincing, strong and fast-moving. A clear winner of Lord Richard Attenborough, deserves much praise. Bethany Cox
