"The true story of the friendship that shook South Africa and awakened the world." <br /> <br /> Richard Attenborough, who directed "Big Bridge" and "Gandhi", wanted to present Steve Pico's story to the life, journey and troubles of journalist Donald Woods and told his story. The films use two books from Wood's book for information and its basics - Pico and The Trouble Question. <br /> <br /> The film is screened in the late 1970s in South Africa. South Africa is in the grip of terrible apartheid, which keeps blacks separated from whites and classifies eggs as superior race. Blacks are forced to live in shanty towns on the outskirts of cities and towns and are repeatedly harassed by the police and army. A raid on a shantytown shows us, while bulldozers and armed police sweep through the camp, beating people and killing them. We then presented it to Donald Woods (Kevin Klein), a popular newspaper editor. After publishing a negative story about black activist Steve Pico (Denzel Washington), Woods goes to meet him. The two were initially wary of each other, but soon became close friends and Pico shows the horrors of apartheid from the point of view of black people to Woods. This encourages Woods to speak out against what is happening around him, and makes him desperate to get the story of Steve Pico out of the clutches of white men in South Africa and the world. Soon, Steve Pico was arrested and killed in prison. Now Woods and his family dare to flee from South Africa to England, where Woods can publish his book about Steve Pico and apartheid. <br /> <br /> When I first heard of Cray Freedom, I was under the impression that it was a movie dedicated entirely to the life of Steve Pico. I never heard of Steve Pico before I saw this film, because the events in this film were already ahead of my time. But it is about the story of Donald Woods and his journey across the border to Lesotho while he was trying to evade South African officials. Woods was placed under house arrest for five years after the death of Steve Pico. So in order to publish a manuscript on Steve Pico, he had to escape. Because the manuscript would be considered a betrayal in South Africa and this could lead to Woods meeting fate similar to the fate of Pico. Donald Woods and his wife worked as consultants for this film. <br /> <br /> Denzel Washington was in the movie only for the first hour, and I was disappointed with it as I was expecting to see him all the time in a movie. But he was as amazing as Steve Pico, and possessed his character than I read well and his tone was perfect. His performance earned Oscar nomination for Best Supporting Actor. Kevin Kline offers a fantastic performance, such as Donald Woods, and Penelope Wilton is as excellent as his Wendy wife. <br /> <br /> Photography has taken place in Zimbabwe, where there is no need to say that the problems arose when they tried to depict it in South Africa. While in South Africa, the South African Gestapo followed the crew everywhere, so they got the bad feelings and withdrew and went to neighboring Zimbabwe instead. Despite everything, and the fact that apartheid has not ended in seven years, "Cry Freedom" has not been banned in South Africa. But the film's cinema has received bomb threats. <br /> <br /> Richard Attenborough brings the horrors of apartheid to the screen with great force and determination. He does not hesitate at the end of the film when he shows what was supposed to be a peaceful protest by the students in the shantytown and turns into a massacre when the police open fire on them. The film ends with the names of all the anti-apartheid players who died in prison, and explanations for their death. Many of them had "no explanation". Very few of them were "epilepsy," which is unbelievable, and many fell from the top of the stairs or were "suicide from hanging". No one will know what really happened to them, but I think it is fair to say that none of these men died at their hands, but at the hands of others; or more accurately, at the hands of the police. <br /> <br /> "Cry Freedom" A movie that has to be seen because it depicts and tells Steve Pico. It is also a destructive and devastating image of a beautiful divided land and of the hellish domination of apartheid and violence.
