CRY FREEDOM is an excellent introduction to those who want an overview of the rigors of apartheid in just a few hours. Certainly, the famous director Richard Attenborough (GANDHI) is no stranger to this kind of life, and the collaboration of Mr. and Mrs. Woods, the main realists in their book and in this film, adds credibility to CRY FREEDOM. The video that is now being released is actually just over two and a half hours since 23 minutes of additional footage that was made to make it a small part of the TV after the release of the first feature film. While the extra length increases the imperfections of the forgiveness film: the unequal development of characters and stereotypes in particular, there may be another possible defect (insisting on the fate of the white characters on those of African) may be powerful. CRYING FREEDOM As a political and historical educational film (I think it should, based on its technical merits), the story is a story that black Africans know very well, although the younger generation may now need to see it in the film for its full impact. The whites are the ones who have always been the target audience for the movie and book, and hope to push them to change. Now, 12 years after the film's production, CRY FREEDOM is in many ways a more interesting film to watch. Almost ten years after the application of black majority rule in theory, the CRY FREEDOM of 1987 remains largely unchanged. Therefore, it is still as necessary for South African whites, especially young people who have only heard of these procedures to see them, and assimilate the messages of the film. In total contradiction to American slavery and the Holocaust, South African conflicts have been narrated by just two or three stories: CRY FREEDOM, CRY THE BELOVED COUNTRY (well, twice if it includes a new edition), and SARAFINA (Have you missed one? ). The three drama dramatize the American and British actors in both white and black roles. No South African actor played a major role, white or colored, Indian or black!). And yes I missed the other international drama in South Africa, MANDELA and DEKLERK. Although this biography (highly recommended) was issued after the black majority rule was imposed, Mandela was played by a black American (Sidney Poitier, who starred in the original film SA-CRY THE BELOVED COUNTRY) Dicklerk (Bald) Michael Kane of the British, performed well if excluded that the essence of Afrikanerdom is strongly hostile to Britain. Until the local SABC TV and African films begin to deal with their heritage, CRY FREEDOM has become as authentic as it gets. It has also been stripped of white (especially African) film, any unofficial visitor to South Africa so far in 1999, let alone 1977 when CRY FREEDOM, generally finds white attitudes towards blacks restricted, even reduced. If we look at the CRY FREEDOM too late, it is amazing that reconciliation is at all, and it is. But as CRY FREEDOM shows that so much has already changed in the minds of many people so far, the goal of black Africans in FREEDOM and reconciliation continues. That is why if you are a beginner in this position, CRY FREEDOM is the best introduction to you.
