In some respects, The Wrath of Kriemhild excels in the death of Siegfried, but also loses some of the greatness of this film. This plot is one more coherent than the first, which is very amazing. The second half of the actual poem is more fragile and much more difficult to walk through, until the scenes reach the climatic battle; only the Iliad are the best. Lange and Harpo, the swarm of the Hun. The poet-translator in Nibelungenlied was not known for his right-hand ball, and as a result, they more or less, they are usually like Burgundians. For example, although the poet explicitly describes Itzl as pagan (the main concern of Krimhold, where Rudiger tries to persuade her to marry him), when she arrives in Honland, the first thing she does is the Mass. Here they are obviously idolaters; they're almost like cave man. Their portrayal is hilarious, especially verbal, clown, who has two wonderful scenes. Etzel was given more weight. It is much more difficult. All he does is know his fate in the original poem. Lang and Harbou are adept at building suspense, especially in the banquet scene, which interferes with Verbal's second performance to an amazing effect. However, as is the nature of this half of the poem, the amazing artistic achievements of the film are often missing in this part, except for a dazzling sequence where the Iszel Hall burns with Nibelungs inside. The only thing I have to object to is the way Harbou changes the end. The spoilers: In the poem, after the capture of Hildebrand Hagen and Gunter, they are imprisoned. Karimhead visits Hagen in his cell and asks for where the crowd is hidden. She refuses as she cuts off her brother's head. When Hagen still refuses, his head is cut off. Hildebrand (or perhaps Dietrich) is so disgusted that a woman will assume that a warrior is so great that he cuts off her head and calls her "a demon woman". Etzel, the weakest in the poem about what is here, says something ridiculous like: "Oh I!" I can understand why they want to preserve the unity of time and space, where Hildebrand comes from the castle; to keep prison settings from the death of two would make the film extremely antilimactic. I also understand why Hildebrand did not kill Karimhead: his character is much less here; his name is mentioned only once. But, in order to kill herself and to adopt the death of Breinhald from Icelandic sources, she is catering to the needs of the public rather than challenging them. The goal of the poem is that the wrath of Karimhead goes even further in the realm of pure evil. Here, we simply have her die for her lost love. It's not as interesting.
