Hilarious, ridiculous and humane tale of jealousy and betrayal surrounding the marriage of a beetle, the pioneer of Russian animation Wladyslaw Starwicz "Mest kinematograficheskogo operatora" ("The Cameraman's Revenge"), or "Revenge of a Kinematograph Cameraman", full of high-efficiency, Lack of imagination. <br /> <br /> Mr and Mrs Beetle have a perfectly peaceful marriage, both eager for more excitement in their lives. Mr Beetle's wishes can be satisfied only through the beautiful exotic dancer at the Gay Dragonfly nightclub, Whenever he makes a "business trip" to the city, he is the only one who understands it , A strong grasshopper, is jealous that Mr. Beetle has stolen his mistress, and as his fate, he is also a cameraman. At the same time, Mr. Beetle returns home to witness the whole scene. While Mr. Beetle bumps into the front door, the artist's friend collides with the chimneys, but he does not run away without Mr. Beetle first blasting his anger and frustration. <br /> <br /> There is a certain paradox in the following statement: "Mr. Beetle Karam forgives his wife and takes her to a movie." He was generous enough to forgive her, yet he was equally unfaithful minutes ago. However, at this point in time, we still do not forget the jealous film cameraman who was planning to retaliate against him, and not surprisingly turn into a movie show Mr. and Mrs. Beetle. Suddenly, the film they enjoy is caught by Mr. Beetle's betrayal, and the angry wife hits him through the head with a canopy before the fearful and angry husband dives across the theater screen in search of the grasshopper. <br /> <br /> In the final scene, Mr. and Mrs. Beetle, who have become more appreciative of each other, spend some time in prison because of the fire that erupted when Mr. Beetle sought final revenge. In fact, we hope that "domestic life of beetles less exciting in the future?" This film may seem just a story about the advent and exit of small insect species, but Staruz goes on much more. This is not a story about beetles? It's the story of us. It's amazingly amazing, is not it ?!
