For animation enthusiasts, it is necessary, but even the general public will enjoy CAMERAMAN'S REVEND, a very early example of "pixilation" by pioneer Wladyslaw Starewicz. Starwiz and his hard-earned associates have dealt with a group of resilient insects to tell the story, paving the way for Willis O'Brien, George Pal and Ray Harrihosen and hordes of modern digital creators. <br /> <br /> The Kamiran revolution is only about 10 minutes long, but there are many happy details because the story follows the bizarre adventures of a beetle from their home to a nightclub, a hotel and a cinema, and eventually a prison cell. There are two short dances at the nightclub (played by the frog and the dragonfly), a beetle, a grasshopper, and a wide-ranging Donbruke clash in the cinema, ending with a blazing projector. Well done in 1912, when John Bray and Windsor Mackay were just starting out, Walt Disney was still in primary school! <br /> <br /> It is interesting to note, too, what is the effect of changing the title cards can contain a silent film on the story that is listed. I've seen two copies of this movie made by two video companies, seen in succession, and although the content of the image itself is almost identical, two different sets of titles tell two completely different stories. (The plan outlined by one of them above tells a third story, which indicates that there is another copy somewhere.) The British Institute of Cinema print, with detailed titles, tells the story of two sisters, each secretly married, hiding this information from one another In order to inherit the wealth of their late father. The other Russian version tells a simpler story about married beetles and anyone who commits infidelity. In the Russian version, Mr. Beetle visits his girlfriend at the Dragonfly nightclub, while in the English version his brother Bill Beetle visits his wife in the music hall. Personally, I prefer a direct and brilliant Russian story. The BFI version tries to mobilize a lot of plot while it should be a simple tale, some rhymes somewhat embarrassing. <br /> <br /> However, in any rendition, CAMERAMAN'S REVENGE is a good movie, which would make it ideal for the great animation that includes beetles, YELLOW SUBMARINE.
