Mary Beckford often mentioned that Tess Skinner was her favorite role in the film. well said! She played the role twice and for this version she produced herself, she not only had to buy rights from Adolph Zukor but gave him credit on the title card of the film. Needless to say, her portrayal of this role here is the most profitable. In fact, in my opinion, the film ranks itself as one of the best experiences of silent cinema. <br /> <br /> True, director John S. Robertson does not move his camera inch from start to finish, but in the hands of Robertson skilled this effect is not only important, but perhaps more effective. Robertson is a first class creative artist, a master of speed, camera angles and montage. It has attracted great natural performances from all its players. It was hard to believe that this was the same gentle man with Dr. Christian; Lloyd Hughes was one of the best careers in his career. True, this may not have been the way Mrs. White intended, but it is intriguingly serving the plot, otherwise we will have difficulty explaining why the drug spent a fortune on the defense but did not make the slightest attempt to ascertain who actually shot and killed his future husband's brother ! Needless to say, this particular type of beloved hero belittled Jacques Ging's importance in the 1960 version, which also completely omitted the author's fierce attack on arrogant middle class Christianity. Notice how the well-washed priest moves forward in one or two steps in the surprise of the break, but then makes no effort to help our petty little heroes perform the duties he was supposed to run. This is a very moving scene because it is actually presented in a realistic way. <br /> <br /> Tess also provides an insight into the work of another great actress, Gloria Hope, whose work has been confined exclusively to silent cinema. She married Lloyd Hughes in 1921 and retired in 1926 to devote her entire life to her husband and their two children. Lloyd Hughes died in 1958, but lived until 1976, and can be easily contacted in Pasadena, but I bet no one had the brains to interview her. Another missed opportunity! <br /> <br /> For me, Forest Robinson had only a mild impression as Skinner. I thought he was a little wrong and a quick look at a filmography that: he usually played priests or judges! But David Torrence as usual was fantastic. <br /> <br /> In general, production was expensive with beautiful photography and wonderful production values.
