If this was the original 1914 version of TESS OF THE STORM COUNTRY, I might have rated it as much higher, because this type of extreme and emotional melodrama was very typical among teenagers. However, by 1922, this film had already begun to show his age. Compared to many of Ms. Bickford's other films (like DADDY LONGLEGS, SPARROWS, MY BEST GIRL and SUDS), TESS offers a short story - not every film of Pickford deserves 10 (even if it's "his American sweetheart"). It's a bad movie - it certainly is not, but I can not see how many people have been given this film. <br /> <br /> The film has a long and very complicated plot - especially since most of the time films were shorter. On the hillside there is a squat, some of the squat who hates but can not evacuate, so he tries to get out in a variety of ways to keep them off the ground. To make matters worse, the only witness to the real murder will not speak and that the dead man has carried his fiancée! So, at this point, the man who is accused of murder is the father of the old Mary, We have an innocent man in prison waiting to be executed, and a pregnant woman is afraid to tell her holy father that she is "in the family path." There is more than half a ton of the film, like the son of a forearm that falls in love with Mary, but it is better to see the film yourself. <br /> <br /> The film is in some ways better. The plot, while very complex, is also fairly interesting and cinematography is first class. The last scene is also very nice. However, there is a lot of public sentiment that you can practically cut with a knife. Mary is very good, very wonderful and very nice, sometimes the viewer may find it very difficult. Although it worked wonderfully in 1922 (making it the largest star in the world), it is today very dated. This does not apply to all of her films, but this film certainly. <br /> <br /> By the way, Image Image DVD is of good quality, although some scenes have deteriorated badly - something is not so surprising considering the era of the film. Also, only extras included are brief filmography.
