Madhur Bhandarkar gave it all raw. But the best part was that he did not forget to give the ingredients. It has become short and fragile for the viewer and it is the public that makes the decision now. Page 3 is a manifestation of the naked truth regardless of the associated rudeness. <br /> <br /> Madhavi (Konkan Sharma) is a journalist and enjoys her work. A simple and quiet life she loves with her intimate boyfriend and her roommate is a beautiful pearl. She covers page 3 (Celebrity page) from Nation Today, where she has a very supportive editor Deepak Suri (Iranian Bowman). But life turns to her as she hits her first bump and takes herself away from page 3 and goes to a little crime. Omigosh! It was a whole new world waiting for her there. I was shocked, excited, surprised with the revelation. Her reaction resulted in the loss of the job. In the end, she returned to page 3. Now when you meet anyone famous at a party, she knows their actual looks, hidden under the illusionary face. <br /> <br /> The film contains a message that is crude oil. The public needs to get them in their own color. The theme and the scenario were great. There are some good ideas for setting up audiences. Such as the foreplay club shown before the pedophile fair, and the short thrill before practicing gay in the bathroom. The dialogues are strong and the actors are good at presenting them. Charu Mohanty speaks volumes and is very successful in speaking these two words with such skill, leaving an impact. Group selections can be better. The songs do not stand anywhere. But there was a need in the background. Atoll Kolkarni has a small role with great influence. There were some visible flaws. Atoll Kolkarni Konkan Sharma explained that honesty must be placed alongside intelligence. There could have been a better dialogue because this sounds like a sermon. The meeting between Thabar and his daughter does not require representation. This scene seems very unprofessional. <br /> <br /> In general, it is a film that must be watched with selective choices before the sexual exploitation of children. May spoil your mood.
