Madhur Bhandarkar manages this film, which is supposed to reveal the lifestyle of the rich and famous with a commentary on the integrity of the press today. <br /> <br /> The celeb party ceaselessly want to see them at these concerts and to get the right exposure in the media. In fact, the film may make us think that this exposure makes celebrity socialists and newspapers have a huge hand in this. IMO There is greater synergy between celebrities and the media, a relationship "I need you, you need me." However, the media need more celebrities and not vice versa. In any case, in this middle of the continuous concerts are being thrown the social column (page 3 of the newspaper) Correspondent Konkana Sen Sharma. She appears as a celebrity maker, very popular in social gatherings. She has a good girlfriend in gay Abhijeet and in the Rohit model (Bikram Saluja). It's rooms with air hostess? Pearl shameless (Sandhya Mridul), and actress struggling - Gayatri (Tara Sharma). The editor-in-chief of the newspaper is Iran's Bowman and is played by Atoll Kolkarni. The film contains a very large number of conversions of plots and characters but works at a certain level. The rich show that they are mostly corrupt to the core, as the film has proved to be extremely flimsy with crucified couch scenarios, the use of force, and hunger for media exposure. In all this, there are layers of homosexuality, a gay homosexual encounter that seems to have little to do with story or conspiracy, widespread drug abuse, sexual abuse of children, or the death of police in "confrontations". In the light of the desire of all this pearl to get a super-rich husband, a social daughter indulging in a sexual encounter in a car, single women, all look benign. <br /> <br /> The film has a par excellence in acting Konkana Sen Sharma, Atoll Kolkarni has almost no role? It is a pity in my opinion. But the cast has more than one qualification (a very good Iranian Bowman). This is what the movie saves for me. Mr Bhandarkar intercepts his method more than he can chew or treat on celluloid and turns the film into free for everyone. I hope he has focused on one or two aspects of community ills and explored them more effectively. He hates social exploitation, but he exploits all the ingredients of Masala needed for a successful film. We have an item number in the framework of the Bollywood ceremony, dancing children dancing on a beautifully designed dance on a western rhythm. I hope that the next person from Madhur Bhandarkar will get rid of the stereotypes of Indian films. The film is a courageous effort (albeit flawed) and definitely worth watching.
