Page 3 is one of those films by Madhur Bhandarkar to expose communal filth. The film is impressive, but like most of the Bhandarkar films, it is one-sided and very pessimistic. This film revolves around popular journalism, gossip and celebrities. The film depicts social life, characterized by luxury, catastrophe and disgust. They are celebrating, they only care about fame, they plan for funerals, they are eager to get more money and high reputation, they will do anything to get the right exposure in the media, to get their names printed on bold in the daily social newspaper column known as "Page 3 "With huge images that will be the focus of people's discussions. They are looking for attention, kindness and hypocrisy. The film industry is seen as flabby, with the sofa sofa a common feature among filmmakers. This is where the beautiful heroine, social columnist Madhavi Sharma, is thrown. All these people from the Mumbai elite rely on her articles and she is the right person to get to know each other at these concerts if you want them to remind you in her article. Later in the film, we learn that even those who are friends of Madhvi are no different from these upscale society. This was a difficult show for me, although the film is undoubtedly courageous and the issues it deals with are interesting. <br /> <br /> Movie music is mediocre. The only songs allowed are "Kitne Ajeeb" and "Huzoor-E-Ala", which were sung by Lata Mangeshkar and Asha Bhosle respectively. Otherwise the soundtrack is bad. One song was particularly awesome "Filmy Very Filmy". Writing a movie is very good. The second half is much better than the first half, because it becomes more reality and reveals more important issues such as terrorism and child abuse. This is where the film should be applauded. It is sad to know that people prefer to ignore these crimes out of fear and that the disappointment of Kunkun Sen Sharma was very easy. She was excellent throughout the film and her representation in the last few scenes was particularly impressive. Atoll Kolkarni's part was very small but he achieved full justice for him. Bowman is a hard-core Iranian editor for the paper. Sandhya Mridul Loved as a wife Madhvi's pearl chamber that marries an older man for money and honest enough to admit it. The end of the film is really good, and provides a certain respite to rest after the unimaginable hard actions. Page 3 is a good film, it is interesting and sometimes moving, but its level of interest and overall quality is overly exaggerated, chaotic and overly negative for the rich and famous.
