During his visit to Romania with his father at the CIA, Tony (Adam Arkin), a highly talented high school player seen as the savior of his team's eventual victory over his rival Simpson, is told by a palm reader. I read the palm reading) that he might bite the wolf ("When the moon is full, do not make any appointments ... it will be busy"). Well, who would have ruined it? Tony was really bitten and his life would change forever. After his father's death unfortunately in an accident inside his bomb shelter (!) Under strange circumstances (shooting his son wounded with a wolf inside a metal bomb shelter is not a very good idea, especially if the bullet does not leave the room and bounce around like a berserk baseball) , Tony travels the earth across endless years, so tired of packing, the return of decades (and many US presidents) later hope to lead his football team to beat Simpson .. a task left long before. What was once a very clean white school had already turned into a ghetto of drug abuse, violence and delinquency. For an idea of ​​what looks like a concert at Full Moon High School in the early 80s, think of Studio 54 with teenagers. <br /> <br /> Larry Cohen's parody of troubled jokes, among other things, full of muzzles and celebrations And in jokes. My favorite sequences contain one in the sex class where Tony reveals his narrow-minded 80-year-old portrait of Dr. Brand (Alan Arkin, who steals the movie when Kenneth is not on screen) and probably the worst psychiatrist on earth . His mission is to talk down the bird to the fall of two men on the porch .. The bird and the fireman (trying to talk about it at first), and they both smoke in Brand! Brand tries to get Tony to sign a hesitation to donate his body to science so he can get fur coat for his wife! Kenneth March has made me go on the ground as a gay football coach (and later in my 80s as manager) who likes to confuse his players in the back. This scene where Tony empties the truth into the class of classic sex. The film is full of inspirational casting options .. It is only scattered with funny characters and interpretations of the cast, such as Ed McMahon as a conservative military man who seems to be already identical with Joseph McCarthy standing next to his picture in the Bomb Shelter (.. we always talk about commies), Joan Nail as swollen Ricky is currently turning into a lame, Elizabeth Hartman (Patch of Blue) as a sexually abusing (sexually abusive) school, and attractive to Tony, James Dickson as a deputy ... His great scene made him steal a line from the police commander read by Dr. Brand, Pronunciation of the words for himself to memorize), and Rose Kelly in the role of Jane, a female Dedicated tirelessly want Tony just called herself constantly lavishly, and Bill Kircnpaor in the role of Flynn, a fellow Tony for a long time, and now the police chief who received only Jane after leaving his friend to the city. JM J Bullock can not be forgotten as a gay boy who tries to attend school in the hope of finding a woman with gay results. <br /> <br /> I like the way the film respects the kind of melancholy that happens when in the hollow, often referred to as Jack the Nipper because it likes to bite its victims on the cheek .. I do not speak face. It was seen as a nuisance rather than a danger. Greetings Carrie and Psycho are nice, and the violin shtick is also amusing. Cohen throws a lot of zinger in the runner, and in the end one has to stick. Obviously in a comedy like this, not every joke hits it's mark, but a lot they do. Cast makes this worthwhile. The film looks cheap on Larry Cohen's model budget. Note the scenes of the fifties where the old crew members are visible who will appear on the road wigs prominent. I love Adam in the lead .. This is the ideal chip for the mufflers that follow him and the Zinger who are allowed to fly from the Cohen scenario. The film moves quickly, rarely catching a breath. I liked horror comedy more than it seems
