I'm not kidding about this summary and vote! The filmmakers packaged this film as another model of the 1980s, but it is actually the greatest parody of the kind of horror you can imagine, after doing the horror film "Blazing Saddles" for the West. I've seen a lot of comedies - good, bad, stupid, exotic, etc. (usually going undisputed), and I think comedy should be the hardest kind for filmmakers and actors to work - it takes the right kind of touch to make things happen Successful, part of it is having good ideas. Full Moon High is full of good ideas - many of them, in fact, can easily put the Zucker / Abrams team from Airplane and Naked Gun in shame. One of the best of these is the presence of Ed McMahon himself in a starring role like John Birch. The jokes, non-sequences, tales and play with words do not literally stop, and everything has been thrown out, including the kitchen sink. The sarcastic tone is very much like the "back to the future" tone. <br /> <br /> Some people (almost all reviewers here) should be stopped in the spirit of chaos here, but I almost died laughing, and this is one of those movies where you never know what kind of crazy situation the next candidate will be. Since B-movie extraordinaire, Larry Cohen, did not make comedy directly before, one feels that it compensates for lost time by including any joke that he or his assistants might think of. If Mel Brooks did this, critics would have called it a comic masterpiece, but because it was made by Cohen, it was rejected as an obstacle. Cash reviews described this film as "ridiculous". silly? What comedy is supposed to be serious ?! Anyway, I laughed louder to this film than anything else I could think of. Cohen makes fun of everyone - including himself, with lots of references to his usual brand in the low-rent film industry; he and his actors must have a full blast making this. <br /> <br /> Humor is Mel Brooks' nest, and anyone who loves Jewish humor or watches a lot of B movies (especially horror) will love them. Trust me: It's not hard to find a movie, and as long as you accept it for what it is - a belly of laughter laughed without claiming social value at all - you'll really enjoy it !! <br /> <br /> One side event: this film should go into history in one way or another as the only thing that Bob Sagitt did in a starring role (though briefly) was really funny.
