I do not know why this film does not exclude many people from low-budget movies, but I enjoyed it because I admire urban horror. There was not much urban horror movies out there, so when I saw this one on the shelf, it was only the title that got to my curiosity. So I decided to check it out and was surprised ... You often encounter a horror film with a low budget with a great representation and a good story. Is the budget low? Yes really. Can you say it's a low budget? Yes ... but once you start watching the movie, you become wrapped up in the story so it does not matter. I also love hip hop music and nice soundtrack! I do not know what's going on with all these bad ratings for this film. All I hear is "The Worst Movie Ever". Have you seen these idiots every movie there? There are thousands of movies out there, how can you label the movie as "the worst" ever? A movie like "zombiez" may be the worst movie I've ever seen, but I can not say it's the worst film ever because I did not watch every movie there. The bottom line of these people who made this movie is probably bad reviews from the suburbs. Listen, if you do not like urban, minority-based movies, ghetto movies, hip-hop, etc., why do you watch movies? !!! Knowing that you do not like this kind of thing? Sure, this is a horror film, but it's not just a horror film, but it's a horror movie with URBAN multicultural representatives. I do not like TV shows like Dawson Creek or O.C, they absorb me. Movies like "Garden State", "Wedding Crashers" and "I heart huckabees" suck me. I am a young man from New Jersey and these shows and films suck me. why? Because I can not call them. It does not peak my interest. Just common sense. GARDEN SALAD, WEDING CASHERS 2: Here is a sequel to torture again since I sucked the very first thing very bad and I suppress Hakapuring. Now we came back to this film, regarding the suspension of saint405 above, I do not know whether this person smoked the crack or was "stupid" by his drunken father before watching the film but for me, everyone did a wonderful job. The actor who played Ricky (I forgot his name) did a very good job. I was an aspiring actor myself. I played theater in my school and I had to play a play where I had to cry and it was not easy to be emotional in the scene, so I offer props to actors who have to perform a passionate scene. Anyway, I loved this movie and I have never heard of these actors and directors before, but you bet I'll be looking for their own things right now, and if they read this, BRING ON THE SEQUEL !!! I am outside. Jersey representatives!
