Welcome to Auckland, where the dead come out to play and even the boys in the hood can not stop them. This direct production of low-budget video appears to coincide with the release of Land of the Dead, the latest version of the famous George A. Romero combo series. The setting of the Jewish Quarter and the soundtrack of hip-hop may provide additional attraction for the city's indoor hounds. Ricky (Carl Washington) works in a medical research facility during the breeding of his younger brother Jermaine (Brandon Daniels). But the teenager, who is bored of macaroni and cheese dinners in their home tract, prefers to spend his time hanging out with Marco Street friends and how. It is clear that there is little to do with African-American high school dropouts working on this side of the Gulf except in the case of drug abuse and fights with families, including rival Latin gangs. Ricky plans to sell their late parents home and move to the Castro Valley, a middle-class and safer environment. Unfortunately, before this happens, the shooting of a car bomb leaves Jermaine dead on the balcony. Sorrowed grief Ricky tries a desperate last ploy. Scotty, his laboratory assistant, tells us that some of the experimental cell regeneration formulas they have performed in rats have been stolen. When the double dose fails to revive Jermaine, there is no choice but to call 911. But there is something funny happening on the way to the morgue. The boy is rejuvenated as a fickle zombie, chews ambulance drivers and nurses at night, and moans revenge and hunger for fresh meat. Malnutrition infects more victims, and before nightfall, the East Bay is a battleground between neighborhoods and the rich. This type of horror has seen more than its share of cheap filmmakers, from Ed Wood to Herschel Gordon Lewis to the Charles Band. But low budgets do not necessarily mean bad movies. Think of Val Lewton (Cat People, The Leopard Man, Ile of The Mitt), Roger Kurman Boyce Quicks, Romero Night of the Dead and John Carpenter's. The difference between unforgettable and terrible has to do with talent and ambition over money. Hood Of The Living Dead is more fun than the horrors of the recent horror of hundreds of millions of dollars. Licenses have their charm. In really cheap movies, actors wear their clothes amidst real settings. Here the houses in the tract have walls painted in neutral neutral colors, giving the melancholy gloom such as Douglas Milodramas the circus of the bourgeoisie in the fifties. The lines seem more improvised than the texts. "So what the hell are we going to do now?" "Just keep your eyes open for anything that looks out of the ordinary." Ricky and Scotty called their boss, who calls on a former man called Romero. "I have a big problem that we have to take care of quickly." "It's not a problem," says the dealer, closing his phone and grabbing his weapon. Everyone has weapons, and even when they fight zombie, they are on their mobile phones, like who is not these days? Information is exchanged with the understatement of nature. "what happened?" "We got involved with some crazy mothers." "Deja FN 'vu. It's that zombie garden again ... ... Ricky should blow his girlfriend up and say only," I'm out of control. "Unlike most zombie films, this movie provides an impetus for chaos. Jermaine of the gang guards who shot him, who in turn continues to rumble, is an urban film industry with its own social commentary, a guerrilla-like production that suggests a future of low-budget horror that reflects real life rather than supernatural clichés. They registered their brand as if waiting for a new movement, others to In contrast to their limited resources, Jose and Eduardo Queiroz have made a cheap but technically acceptable advantage for the people they know. "The photographer Roque Robinson is doing the job, and music by Eduardo Cruz is no simpler than The theme of the Halloween Carpenter, the Hip Hop songs by The Darkroom Familia and others add an air, and the result is promising if they are not exactly exhilarating.They learn their craft, unlike Louis Wood, who never improved, the next ones might be.
