There were almost "racing" images from the beginnings of filmmaking. Films starring almost entirely black tournaments were produced by the Poor's Row studios (often not owned by Caucasians) for theaters in the ghetto. As the urban scourge increased during the 1970s, this idea was revived by a wave of "blaxploitation" images prepared for urban milling houses that covered black actors and an unconventional atmosphere on traditional B-film plots. This trend extends to horror features, with titles such as Blacula, Blackenstein, and Sugar Hill, which provide blaxploitation versions of monster standards. Did not die with the closure of most urban theaters ?? It has slowed down slowly in the video era, and continues with low-budget versions directly to DVD like this version. The Hood of the Dead Dead for Ed and Jose Quiroz adopts the popularity of modern horror films for hip-hop audiences. Ricky (Carl Washington) is a young Auckland man trying to keep his younger brother Jermaine (Brandon Daniels) in trouble after the death of their parents. After Jermaine was shot by drug dealers in a car, Ricky decided to use the experimental formula to renovate the cells he was working on in an effort to save the teenager's life. It seems that his efforts for something, the body of Jermaine taken away. However, the body does not reach the morgue ?? Jermaine reinvents him in the detective car as a hungry zombie. Kill drivers, then chase the gang that killed him, and spread the infection zombie wherever he went. After hearing from the friends of Jermaine Kevin (Derek Taylor II) and Marco (Raul Martinez) about the attack on the guerrillas, Ricky feels that the only thing to do is arrest Jermaine and try to cover up the whole affair before he and his partner Scott catch (Chris Angelo) The chaos they caused. However, they soon found that the infection spread very quickly for them to control. By keeping things simple, Quiroz can produce an entertaining horror feature without being so full of things that things start to appear. Along the way, they also add some interesting works. When he encountered a coma for the first time, Scott told Ricky, "They shot him in the head as in the movies!" ?? As effective as any way to discover how to kill a zombie. An additional twist is added when the first head shot does not kill the brain, which increases the viewer's anxiety. Another good point is that soundtracks use only Eminem-style rap music on a limited scale, where they are added to the "scary" standard music.
