Most of the bad reviews on this website blame "Hood of the Living Dead" for one or more of the following reasons: 1) It's a low-budget film with no real acting; 2) It was so bad that it made me laugh 3) It's something I can do it myself. I will not discuss the first point because it is a very subjective matter whether you like low budget objects and independent or not. However, I must say that I still fail to understand people who rent a film like "Hood of the Living Dead" and then I was surprised when they realized that it was not as polished and nice as a romantic comedy with Lindsay Lohan or Matthew Mc Conaughey. As for the second point, I really do not see what is wrong with laughter. Personally, I like to laugh and I love movies that make me be a comedy or a horror. When I saw this girl in the "hammer head" as she stepped into a pool and the shark man came out to eat it, cracked me. I was grateful that the director made such a stupid scene and gave me ten seconds of pure fun. Frankly, laughter makes me feel good, while many people who write reviews seem to think it's bad. If you just want to feel sad and scared while watching a movie, "Hood of the Living Dead" and low-budget clicks are definitely not for you. But please do not come and tell us that you find it funny. We already know that. This is probably why we decided to watch the film in the first place. However, this is the third point that leaves quite puzzled. A few years ago, people were queuing up outside the theaters to watch Blair's Witch's Witch, a more primitive, boring, less-than-perfect plot of Hood of the Living Dead (and taking himself too seriously). In addition, half a million people go to YouTube every day to watch short films for "Lonelygirl15", which is definitely something everyone can do with a nice girlfriend, a room and a webcam! Do not talk about all the most amateur videos you can find there. Why do not people blame these sections on a bad and non-existent plot? I think it's one of the best things of our time, where everyone, through affordable technology and a bunch of friends, can make their own movies and share them with people with similar interests. I feel a certain admiration for people who spend weekends with their friends in making a piece of junk that is very bad (but refreshing) like this instead of shopping in the mall or playing video games alone. Leave aside your biases and your desire to look like a critic of smart movies by attacking movies b, and you'll notice that "Hood of the Living Dead" can bring you as much fun as you did with its makers! If you're enjoying a refreshing and fun homemade horror film, recommend "Zombiez", "The Ghosts of Edendale", "The Killer Eye", "Monster Man", "The worst horror film ever made "Redneck Zombies", "Jesus Christ Vampyre-Slayer" and "Habit".
