The eye in the maze is not your Giallo medium ... To be honest, I'm not really sure of it's Giallo. But Giallo or not, despite some problems, this is certainly a very interesting small film. I am reluctant to call it Giallo because the film does not show most of the things that make these films as they are; but many entries type break the template, and this seems to be one of them. The film does not show any brutal murders like many of Giallo's, but this supersedes Joe Surreal and the plot is just about confusing enough to remain interesting throughout. The plot seems simple enough to focus on the doctor who was assassinated by Julie, his patient who, for some reason, regards him as a lover to him and his father and is insulted when he walks on it. We then move to a large house where a number of people live, but nothing really seems to be because there are a number of secrets surrounding the various events that occurred before Jolie's arrival ... <br /> <br /> The film seems to recognize something about how to be Mind like a maze. This never happens, preferring to sit and enjoy what was happening instead of worrying about the point (if any) that the film is trying to produce. The film "Eye in the Maze" is directed by Mario Keano, the director behind the excellent "Night of Death" a few years ago. It does not create the atmosphere in this film as it did in the previous film; but the surreal aspects of the story are paying off well, and the mystery is kept preventing the film from becoming boring. The movie stars Rosemary Dexter, who offers dessert all over and also offers a good performance. Most members of the cast, with the exception of Adolfo Celi, who is evil to the piece and Alida Valli, will be remembered by worshipers from a whole range of fine engravings. The film interprets itself in the end; it's lucky because I'm sure I'm not the only viewer who has been confused over that time! Generally, these things may not be classic. But good enough and worth watching.
