I have not seen the Original Incredible Trip since I was a kid, so I can not compare the two versions really. This version tells the story of three animals, dogs and cats, left by their husbands with their friends in the countryside when the father of the family has to take up a new job in San Francisco. Pets, believing they have been abandoned, flee and embark on a long domestic journey across the prairies. <br /> <br /> This story may have been easily filmed as an animation, but both versions actually make motion movies using real animals. One major difference is that in the latest version, animals speak with human voices, giving each person his own distinctive personality, something that did not happen in the original film. (A similar device was used in other modern children's films such as "Racing Stripes"). Some critics have inhaled the use of this device, but my view is that giving animals their own distinctive characters helps strengthen the film rather than weaken it. These animals were expressed by famous stars, Don Amish, Michael J. Fox and Sally Fields. <br /> <br /> Both dogs are male, and their relationship is similar to that of many humans in the films of "friends and friends". Shadow, the Golden Retriever, is the wise and experienced elder dog. The younger chance is screaming, cocky and pushy. For the British eyes, Chans looks like a boxer, but she is actually an American Bulldog, who seems to be a different breed to her British cousin. Rude female cat with a primitive personality and fairly proper. She is very proud of her status as a dot, making her in her eyes very superior to any dog. ("Base cats, dogs drool!"). <br /> <br /> From the adult point of view, there are a number of mistakes in the film; it can be emotional. Some incidents (such as those where animals can break into a mountain lion in the river) are completely incredible, Forget it completely. This, however, is primarily a film targeting children, and I think they will enjoy it a lot. Sure, any child loving animals will do it. (Comments by some professional critics such as James Berardinelli, who complained that the sounds of animals reduced the "grandeur" of the film, only reinforce my view that professional critics are not always the best guide to children's movies. Bound "which focuses on its alleged grandeur). <br /> <br /> One thing that adults will appreciate is the portrayal of Sierra Nevada Mountains, California. They may also appreciate the film's mix of humor and excitement as the pet faces fugitive risks such as bears, mountain blacks and fountains in the wild. It's a very fun family movie. 10/07
