This comment does not contain spoilers !! <br /> <br /> There are a few actors that have their own intangible. This innate quality is a combination of charisma, panachei and sauerkraut. It's the quality that can separate good actors from really great ones. I think George Clooney as well as Jack Nicholson. You can take a look at Clooney's pleasant touches in scenes like a single word goodbye to Andy Garcia in Ocean 11 when they only speak on behalf of each other. "Terry". "Danny". You can choose any number of Jack shows that come from Five Easy Pieces at dinner to A Few Good Men and the Courtroom Court Scene. These guys only have. You can add Denzel Washington to the list of small and exclusive actors that exude that wonderful feature in everything he does. If you look at some of the explosive boundary line abandoned in The Siege in an impressive tribute to Malcolm X in Spike Lee's film of the same name, you can see that there is no better actor working today. I do not recall all of this to suggest that Man On Fire is just perfect for the work of Denzel, but it is certainly the production factor. I was literally fascinated by some scenes that were strange, emotional and burnt all at the same time. <br /> <br /> Washington plays a cynical role in the spy, former CIA agent, or a secret government agent. He has largely reached the bottom because he has become disappointed by the life he led. He killed and probably did things that would be best left free of charge and that made him a tough and bitter man. His friend and perhaps mentor, played by Christopher Whelen in a very exclusive way, lives in Mexico and lives a very comfortable life by providing personal guard services to the rich. It is clear that kidnappings in Mexico are so vibrant that those who have paid a fee like SE.A.L.s can also perform well while providing the necessary service. Creasy needs to work and accepts a fine job to do for a family that looks at some financial difficulties. Mark Anthony is fine like Samuel, Radha Mitchell is impressively sexy because his wife Lisa and Dakota Fanning are incredibly wonderful and precise like a beta. I do not know how a child of her age could have such a range to play the characters he does but her interpretation of the beta is at least worth Oscar. The first half of the entire film depends on the relationship between Pita and Creasy, and if there is a weaker actor in this role, perhaps this emotional synergy was not affected in a concise manner. But the role of Fanning is no less remarkable in this role. <br /> <br /> The relationship between Pita and Creasy is what drives this film to the top of the cinema. Together, they are perfect and there is a real bond developed between them. Tony Scott is directed with a frenzied urgency and his eye for optical glare is no better. I'm interested in seeing how his next film "Domino" will appear. I think Scott is one of the directors rated today and with more films like this, his name will definitely be uploaded to the icon setting. <br /> <br /> The story about Creasy really turns to Pita, and vice versa. There is a clear connection between the two, and may stem from the fact that although Beta loves her father, he is not around much. He is an optimist, and obviously does not have much time to spend with his family. Soon, Creasy takes a beta for her swim. He reads bedtime stories and names her bear "Creasy". It is not just a friendship between them, it is a relationship more, and it seems that the deep love of parents exists. <br /> <br /> The movie changes gears when a house is kidnapped and detained for ransom and a freak is fatally injured in an attempt to protect it. This is where the story becomes thick with hint and maturity with deception where the pieces of earth break up like onions. This is where Denzel becomes a force. As I said earlier, I've seen Denzel make some great shows in films such as Crimson Tide and Training Day, but I've never seen him like this. He is a man who, with the possibility of the death of a home, becomes a literally burned man. He rages as he stalks out of his trademark. The fury of Denzel and his sanctity is everywhere and can not be easily suppressed because he chases everyone responsible for the violation of the house. All this vigilance justice also seems to be Mexican authorities always have to be one step behind. <br /> <br /> The most important thing about the brilliance of this film is that there are a few films that give criminals in a timely manner appropriate compensation. I have often been frustrated to watch movies where bad guys get off easily. They catch all kinds of agony for the entire movie then they take a bullet and die. But not in this film. Brian Helgland believes that revenge here is unambiguous and painful. The culprits here are angry with Crissy and suffer from the torment he is giving. There is nothing strange about his brand. He needs information and someone loses his finger. He wants answers and puts a homemade bomb in places designated for other things. There are no zippers here, and this is one of the real strengths of the film. <br /> <br /> Man on Fire is one of the top five films for 2004. Now that it's on DVD, my recommendation is: Get SE. It is loaded with bonus features that include about 6 hours of documentaries and various suspension tracks. 10/10
