When I remember seeing previews of this film and not thinking much about it. One of those films was almost that when you see the preview, its surprise, and then, you hear nothing and miss it altogether, and your memory does not completely correct the mistake of losing it. A man on fire was one of those films. I was curious about renting once and decided to take it with me to the house and rent a precious blockbuster in my hand. I saw and watched this beautiful film. It is like nothing else ... drama and movement combined to create something amazingly amazing. The filming done by Tony Scott is very good and unique, unlike another film. The translation can explain something without listening to the actual sounds, and the music is very intriguing in the preparation. I got to this movie, and I ended up buying it as soon as I could get out of the house and go to "buy better". I've seen it several times now. Denzel Washington (Crissy) did an amazing job when he became a lost former Special Forces man without any reason to live. Dakota Fanning (Beta) returns to life with her unrelenting love from the start. They get together and become close friends, until they are kidnapped by notorious gangs as part of the Muslim Brotherhood, not Hermannad. The mother of Dakota Fanning tells Denise that he will pursue the killers, fearing the death of a beta. This is where Crissy really shows the person he can become. He uses his contacts to kidnap a house and introduce a crispy in the hospital to find one of the men and start chasing him. My favorite line is in this film, when Christopher AFFIN, AFI's agent, told Christopher that "a man is a work of art, anything he does ... cooking, whatever he is ... he is about to paint his masterpiece." A very unique role from the old and friendly crispy partner. After chasing brother "Voice" leader is not Hermand. Creasy arranges a trade meeting for Pita himself and his brothers Voice. In the end, Krissy dies from being shot early, and his wound was severely damaged. It is a very honest and sad ending, but it is a wonderful ending. I love this movie and recommend it to anyone looking for a memorable click. The story is in-depth, everything is shown from start to finish, and nothing tacky at all in any way or way.
