-Kidnappings in Mexico are as common as honey that gives me their phone numbers so if you are rich then you will need a good bodyguard to keep you and your children safe. A couple rents a washed bodyguard called Crissy to protect their wonderful baby. At first, their relationship is a boy buggy but after a while, Creasy relieves the girl and even develops the father / daughter relationship. One day he kidnapped a house and seriously wounded a cripple in the process. When he wakes up, he discovers that the girl has been killed because of the ransom negotiations that took place wrongly, and this puts Creasy on the way to find the men responsible for her death and making sure to bring them to their kind of justice. <br /> <br /> - Keep some Tylenol next to you while watching this movie because you will need to take some after watching it. I really like the story of going to the extreme to get revenge because most movies usually only want revenge but really do not go far where this film shows how far a man can do what he feels is right. The only problem is the annoying visual style, which will make you hate the movie or hate Tony Scott. I really feel sorry for the cinematographer because I'm sure he entered this film thinking he would film a film that was probably full of enthusiasm. Instead, he stuck to DP for a film director who felt that the entire film should look as if possessed by devils. I would have no objection if the crazy images were limited to a few motion scenes but when the whole movie was spread, then we had some problems. The same spamming style was recently used on "Domino" and such a movie, this style has hurt this wonderful film otherwise. <br /> <br /> Another person I feel sorry for this film was soon Harry Gregson Williams, whose mission was impossible to try to compose music from the curly pictures. Somehow, Williams wrote some decent music for the film, but I'm sure that if the movie is more stable, the music will be much better. The sound is used incorrectly throughout the film and instead of improving the film experience, it makes you feel you are being punished. The overuse of the subwoofer is annoying every 5 seconds or so you can hear low-end sound coming out of it. I do not know why Scott thought the audience needed to be bombarded by the subwoofer, but it really takes you away from the film. <br /> <br /> - The acting in the film is a monster despite the pictures. Little Fanning is doing another great job here and the scene at the end of the movie breaks my heart. If the end of the film does not make anyone cry, they have died from the inside. Denzel Washington rules his decision not to produce any motion films with this film and fortunately, he gets a great character. The whole idea of ​​a man lost in life and suddenly because of a tragedy finds that the purpose of his life is nothing new, but Washington brings some heart and passion to the flat personality. I love how we witness it to be lonely and in fact learn to have a passion and after kidnapping becomes a tool of cold revenge. Radha Mitchell plays the role of Marc Anthony's wife and she and Funning are the reasons why I can not hate the film. J.Lo's husband comes and goes in the film but does not show much. Mickey Rourke and Chris Whelken have simple roles in the film, but they do have an impact. <br /> <br /> - The only thing that makes me laugh is how the directors try to make up the strange way they film Mexico by contacting it. It's a wonderful city at the end of the film. It is too late for that if you ask me. Let us hope that Tony Scott has finished this stage of the deliberate attempt to destroy his career because he is a talented filmmaker as much as he can and should do better.
