You know you're in something different when a movie is shared by Christopher Walken as a professional professional - and he is not even one of the bad guys! Although it may be related to some judicious misinterpretations here and there, "Man on Fire" is generally effective criminal drama ranging from a tone of public emotion to explicit brutality - and about every imaginable tone. <br /> <br /> Denzel plays a cynical role in Washington, a former CIA assassin who recently quit and seeks some kind of redemption for his sins. So far, he has been looking for answers in a bottle and in the Bible and does all that well with either. With the opening of the film, Mexico City has been besieged by a series of kidnappings targeting the powerful and wealthy, possibly by the police force itself charged with maintaining law and order in society. Creasy accepts this position as a personal guard for the daughter of a wealthy businessman who is genuinely afraid for her safety. The first third of the film was devoted to the growing friendship between Crissy and his accusation, Beta, a sweet little girl who works slowly but steadily on her way to the heart of Krissy at first and her delusions. The last two-thirds of the film turns into melodrama from Avenging Angel melodrama, where Creasy systematically looks for and removes all those responsible for the tragedy that occurs early in the story. <br /> <br /> According to AJ Quinnell, "A Man on Fire," brilliantly written by Brian Hillgland and directed by Tony Scott, is an effective, efficient and never-ending image of brutal brutality. It takes us to take a risk in demanding that we identify a person who, in all intentions and purposes, fulfills his or her salvation by torturing and killing people (not recognized by anyone). The scenes of such massacres and violence are intense and disturbing, even if they sometimes transcend the borders of the exploited. Better still are the quiet and intimate moments between Kressi and Bita in the first parts of the film. Washington and the magnificent Dakota Fanning are creating an easy natural relationship that will pave the way for the chaos and turmoil that follows. <br /> <br /> Washington holds the film with its superb quality, which makes us understand his character on an emotional level even if what he does is intellectually out of reach for us. In addition to the two lists, there are strong performances from Walken, Marc Anthony, Radha Mitchell, Mickey Rourke, Rachel Ticotin and Giancarlo Giannini. But Washington and Mr. Fanning are the ones who steal the offer. <br /> <br /> It was better to be a "man on fire" with spending almost half an hour, but this is still the best crime film of the average.
