Despite being launched among a flock of vengeful action films (KILL BILL VOL. 2; The PUNISHER; WALKING TALL), MAN ON FIRE also works, largely thanks to Denzel Washington, one of the best actors around the day . <br /> <br /> In MAN ON FIRE, based on AJ Quinnle's 1980 novel (filmed for the first time in 1987, with Scott Glenn), Washington plays a lucky former mercenary who now bows to drink from the Jack Daniels flash, His old partner (Christopher Walken) has a chance at redemption. He was appointed personal guard for the 10-year-old daughter (Dakota Fanning) for a Mexican businessman (Mark Anthony) and his American-born wife (Radha Mitchell). While he and Fanning work as oil and water first (do not mix well), he actually gets in touch with her, encourages her to do a better job in swimming, while trying to deal with demons of the past. It is the bond that will force Washington to return to its old line of work when Vanning is kidnapped and detained for a ransom of $ 10 million, and he is almost killed. With any other champion of stock movement (Schwarzeneger, Segal, etc.), the subsequent blood bath would be the same as the repeated shock we saw a million times ago. But Washington's character, though killed for some reason, does not particularly enjoy doing what he does. However, he gets the help of a very daring Mexican newspaper reporter (Rachel Tikotin) to uncover the "La Hermanidad" (Muslim Brotherhood), a kidnapping gang responsible for the kidnapping of Fanning. <br /> <br /> Man Man Fire is somewhat flawed by excessive camera work, almost montage editing, and various film stocks that are equal to its director Tony Gott (CRIMSON TIDE), but are not unique to him Oliver saw (using Stone for the montage in JFK or Sam Peckinpah in his classic sixties and seventies). However, Scott gets a very good performance from Washington, as does Fanning, who is more than just a naughty kid. The result of Harry Gregson Williams is enhanced in the southern Spanish border by filming the music of Chopin and Debussy and even the 1977 version of the classic Linda Bayernstadt Blue Bayou. Although the film is generally quite violent, it is not the worst of most action movies in the last ten years and generally is much better than most movies.
