"Muppets Take Manhattan" differs in many ways from every other muppet made to date. For one, the muppet movie remains the only one owned by Disney. As of 2008, the film still belongs to 20th Century Fox (CBS Fox at the time of its release), although Disney owns the rights of children's games. In addition, this film contains a story line that is not very linear and events that are not otherwise predictable. <br /> <br /> Of course, it's very hard to beat the original Muppet in 1979, especially since it was the most memorable song from Manhattan. However, the real-life scenarios may be one of the ways "The Muppets Take Manhattan" is better than "The Muppet Movie." In the first film, all the Muppets have to do is go to Hollywood, walk to the agent's office, and be immediately awarded a "Rich and Famous" contract. In this film, Muppets learned that they must already work for the desired success, and it is very difficult to do so, especially in entertainment, which they initially thought. This is an important message that is often overlooked, provided one is willing to suspend the disbelief that the small, fabric-made puzzles are not necessarily forced to live in a large place or even eat, respectively. Above all, their struggle to make it after graduation from college creates a very good story. Another note: Celebrity fame in the film was wonderful, and they were amazingly unable to get the lights out of the Muppets game. There is this ability to Henson's testimony, and how attractive the characters were Muppet even for adults. <br /> <br /> Where "Manhattan" is located, this is what I'm sure people will disagree with, with some major songs, especially in the end. I thought the wedding song "Will Make Me Happy" was so sad for a happy occasion like a wedding. It sounded like a song played at a funeral. Every time I watch this movie, hearing that song makes me feel unusually depressed, especially when the film starts with an optimistic figure like "Together Again" and happily ends up. "Say goodbye" was a sad figure too, but it is better suited to the film because Muppets was disintegrating and was not sure he went to see him again. That last song was a disappointment, and perhaps added to the misery of young viewers seeing their favorite muppets leave the big screen. <br /> <br /> "The Muppets Take Manhattan" is a generally good film, and one that follows a different drum rhythm from other Muppet movies, including the latest films produced after the death of Jim Henson and Richard Hunt. Fortunately, the film is moving in the same direction. I just wished the film ended with a better song that was not too sad. In addition, Disney should have put her hand on the copyright of this film and given her a suitable DVD copy. Maybe someday. we will see.
