This was Muppet's third film and the last Jim Henson was about to co-produce before his premature death in 1990. The first three films of the famous character series were produced and released in theaters before I was born. I originally saw the first and second installments in the original trilogy "The Muppet Movie" and "The Muppet Movie" around the mid-1990s, as a child, but I did not see this third, "The Muppets Take Manhattan," until April 2007. A brief view of her predecessors and 1996 "Muppet Treasure Island" for the first time in many years. Surely this third muppet did not disappoint me the first time I saw it, and my second admiration almost three years later may have a great impact, but if not, it certainly did not go too far. > <br /> The Muppets musical, "Manhattan Melodies", has proved to be a great success on campus. They graduate from university, so they will leave soon, but decide they will all stay together and go to Manhattan to try and get their program on Broadway. After they arrive, they start looking for a product, but after many rejections, they finally decide to quit jobs and find jobs. Most of them leave the city, but Kermit remains, and is still determined to find the right product and reunite the Muppet gang. He got a job at a restaurant in New York owned by a man named Pete. The frog quickly endorses Beth's daughter, Jenny, an ambitious fashion designer currently working at her father's restaurant as a waitress. As Kermit continues his attempts at stardom, now with the help of Jenny, he does not know that Miss Baiji has been secretly in New York and spying on him now. Start to see Kermit and Jenny together, and seem to her approaching, leading to jealousy! <br /> <br /> When I saw this movie for the second time, it looked disappointing at first. It seemed a bit accelerated, without concentration, and perhaps forgotten at first. There are some funny shots during this part of the film, such as chasing an animal for a woman through the public on campus, but for a short time, the film seemed nice to me compared to its predecessors. Fortunately, it was not long before that changed. The film is mostly enjoyable, with "Say Goodbye", the touching song that the Muppets sing during their participation, and much more happens afterwards. The two most entertaining parts may be Miss Piggy's fits after seeing Kermit and Jenny hugging, but there were certainly many other times when she laughed, like poor Fozzie trying to hibernate with other bears. Muppets still enjoys his magic and comic instincts, which obviously also help in carrying the film for the most part, as in the plot, a simple but interesting film for all ages. There are some weaker moments, such as the sequence of Muppet children, and the performance of Joliana Donald because Jenny is weak, but none of these problems are too big, which is far from destroying the entire experience. <br /> <br /> I would like to say "Muppet Movie", a film that started the election in 1979, is the best in the original trilogy, and seems to be the most popular view. It is possible that this third film is the weakest among the three, but all of them are good. Unlike the "Muppets From Space", one-third of the feature films in the franchise produced after the sad death of Henson, at least "The Muppets Take Manhattan" is still Muppets! I will not go into details about what I'm thinking about in Muppets 1999, which was shown twenty years after his premiere, because I already explained in my evaluation why I found it very frustrating, and although it contains some appeal, I'm clearly not alone . However, every theatrical movie of the beloved Muppets that was produced during the life of Henson is a good entertainment for the entire family, even if both the second and third installments showed a slight decrease in quality after the film immediately preceding it.
