Sometimes, realism can act against the effectiveness of the film. This is not a problem here. Cheesy sets, inside and out. Fog is everywhere, hiding half of the haze of production. If there is a bar, the name drawn on the front window simply says "Wine And Spirits". The result is a collection of awesome scenes. Not a single shot of a city or even a false horizon. This is the kind of Dublin that is about this story, just like the Jack the Ripper about the vulgar Whitehapel. Who wants it any other way? How could it have been in any way with no admissible stars, a meager budget, and a four-week firing schedule? Representation follows the suit - the hammer is outrageous by everyone. Sometimes, my God, it's positive. Mrs. McPhillips groans after Frankie's death outside the house. Victor McLaglin delivers exactly the right kind of overpriced performance. The wardrobe was stuffed into a jacket so small it seemed to explode like a Frankenstein monster. It seems that every move goes a little further than intended. When he slaps his hat on his head, he presses himself against the temple. He is a big, irritating and boisterous child, and he seems to be always drunk. He is betraying his best friend for the money he and his future daughters will take to America, not a good man in the ordinary sense. However, we began to spend 20 pounds, more and more during an alcoholic night, because every gesture is expensive and luxurious, keeping him away from his dream. I will not argue, but I can understand why he won the Oscars. <br /> <br /> For the degree of Max Steiner, wow. Every move, already surpassed, is not only highlighted by Mickey Mouse music but is highlighted in bright yellow. This should not happen - the celestial choirs, the charm of the young lover, the little boy, the gargle tune as he drinks the muggles of the bottle. It could have been better off without any degree at all. <br /> <br /> Well, how is this done as a whole? Dated - by any measure, but not the product of the times. That's why I admire it. Yes, symbolism is sometimes symbolic. McLaglen, a real doll, hits his head against an outstanding sign. the fog. The blind man. But what impressed me was how little of this experience was at the time that what struck us so much today in 1936 was something quite different from what most programmers had seen at the time. If it is short sometimes, it does not matter. The film was a courageous act, politically, morally and poetically. (Condemned by the Corps of Compassion because of a scene in a brothel.) The director's goal must go beyond his understanding, or what scenario should he have? But seeing it now in 2006, the story has become more disturbing than ever. John Ford clearly sympathizes with the Irish rebels. They are killed, but only because of what they see as necessary. ("He knows a lot to live, what if he goes to Tans? Oh, I'm not personally thinking of him, but all of us, from Ireland itself.") The Irish are passionate and sympathetic. I wonder if jihadists in the Middle East do not use a similar logic to justify their violence.
