In the mid-1930s, Hollywood regained its confidence after the difficulties of transition via radio. Although all the sound problems were solved very quickly, it took a long time to resolve questions about how dialog images appeared, how they should be organized and how they should behave. Informer is a basic picture in that it shows the extent to which moments can be conveyed without the words of the story, and emphasizes images of power without ignoring the necessities of sound and dialogue. <br /> <br /> This does not mean that Informer really apostates to the golden days of silence. For one reason, many silent images were not entirely visible in her novel, and were loaded with address cards. But what the detective has is self-confidence to extend the moments between dialogues, focus on reactions rather than speeches, and allow the cats to simply play the atmosphere. <br /> <br /> Director John Ford, with all his abilities. , A film director seemed to make an effort commensurate with his interest in the material. If he thought the story was ridiculous, he did it unintentionally. Luckily the detective, photographed for society, honor, working class life and most importantly Irish, was all I loved Ford, and the result was one of his best works. In it, Ford really only employs fire types. The first is places? The streets of Dublin are so fogged and dark that you can not see their depths; exhilarating interior designs where the walls and ceilings seem to press us. The second is the faces, close to clear backgrounds, usually without dialogue, and focused on the internal conflicts of these people. <br /> <br /> The man Victor Victor McLaughlin is well suited to this character and his way of photographing him. McLaglen does not seem to perform much, as it is about 90% drunk. But the other 10% is emotional, where there are here and there referred to as alcoholics in the name of Gypo Nolan. With such performances the Oscars won. McLaglen supports a topical support team, with no weak links between them. In particular, it is good to have Donald Mick and Oona O'Connor, usually only seen in the comic relief roles, and play dramatic parts directly for one time (although the appearance of Mick contains a joke or two jokes, the tone of the scene, and much of his style) Grand). Not only are these two people making incredibly profound presentations, but their knowledge of most viewers as comedians adds an additional note of their magnanimity in this tragedy. <br /> <br /> RKO, who produced the detective, was probably the most adventurous and willing to take the risk of all the major studios. Thanks to this, we are able to see a bleak story with a despicable rebuke of the hero at its center, which could easily have been a very serious mess, instead filled with a mood and the depth of the personality that keeps us watching and heading to its world.
