Again, early morning television sets an invaluable resource for films I could never trace. At 4 am, I stumbled out of bed to start recording "The Detective" (1935), my fourth film by the prolific American director, and an excellent film. He was appointed during the Irish Civil War in 1922, and was scriptwriter by Dudley Nichols of a novel of the same name by Liam Oflaharty. Although he was born in the United States and famously known as "Americana," Ford's parents were Irish, which explains the director's decision to release the film. Victor McLaglen plays the role of Gypo Nolan, a wicked and malicious person who informs his old friend, Frankie McPhillip (Wallace Ford), for a £ 20 reward for his girlfriend, Katie (Margot Grahame). When Frankie is killed while trying to arrest him, the Irish Republican Army, of which Frankie and Gibbo is a member, begins to investigate the traitor behind the incident, and each idea brings them closer and closer to the real culprit. <br /> <br /> At the same time, Guido is guilty of his friend's sudden death, and falls into a severe bout of drinking that Don Burnham competes with in The Lost Week End (1945). While Guebe drowns his sorrows in copious quantities of alcohol, trapped in a vicious little episode of depression, his high spending attracts the attention of IRA members who are investigating. For the first time in his life, he finds himself surrounded by admirers (including the admirable GM Kirigans), who enthusiastically applauded him on the back and dubbed him the King of Guebo because of his physical strength. However, it is clear that these people do not feel any emotion for the man, and are simple to show his interest in exploiting him for money. About 20 pounds after Frankie's death could not ever buy gypo a bunch of friends ?? In fact, in a bitter twist of irony, money was only possible by betraying one of his good companions and losing him. As a relatively simple colleague, Gypo could not have fully considered the consequences of his actions, and eventually exposes forgiveness for "not knowing what he was doing," but his folly should not go unpunished. <br /> <br /> Ford is sometimes criticized for its propaganda support of a terrorist organization. Although this position clearly depends on one's personal views (I certainly do not know enough Irish history to make a judgment), there is no doubt that the film depicts the Irish Republican Army as selfless, selfless and impartial, a piece of pride of Irish nationalism if You've ever seen it. However, the main theme of the story is treason. Out of extreme poverty, an ordinary man betrays the confidence of his close friend and deeply regrets his actions. The tormented gypo is played primarily for compassion, and Victor McLaglen gives a powerful performance that betrays life from an unsatisfactory existence, culminating in a terrible decision condemning an uncomfortable death. "The Detective" was John Ford's first win at the Oscars, winning four awards (including six nominations), including the best actor of McLaglen (who took the statue from the trio favorites of Mutiny on the Bounty (1935) And the best scenario for Dudley Nichols (who rejected the award because of the Union's differences).
