John Ford is one of the most influential American filmmakers and remembers the history of the film, usually associated with his name by the Western film genre. However, the best film John Ford can be said to be no stranger at all, but an unprecedented drama in the Irish fight for independence in the early 1920s: The Informer in 1935. <br /> <br /> The times are difficult for Many in Ireland and Ghibo Nolan are trapped in a network of poverty and despair - and the walls close. Guibu is big but not bright on the tree. He has a warm heart but has a short fuse. He never seems to think things all the way, but he is not a criminal or self-centered pig. While walking the streets starving without a place to live, Gypo Nolan finds the huge lady in his life, Katie Madden, in the streets begging herself for her desperate situation and begins to dream of moving her to the US if he only had 20 pounds to pay for it. Luckily, his friend Frankie returned to the city for 20 pounds on his head and Jibu was desperate enough to inform the police of Frankie's place. Gypo, with 20 pounds of earned blood money, finds this foggy night particularly blurred as the guilt swells all over him and the IRA invests all his resources to find the Frankie detective. <br /> <br /> Victor McLaglen Gypo depicts Nolan and certainly deserves the Best Actor Oscar Award for this film. His brutal, dumb and tender roles give the dimension to the character and McLeeline is second only to the character of Arthur Bach of Dudley Moore of Arthur's 1981 film as the most entertaining filmmaker. Margot Graham Katie Madden is also excellent, but she and McLaughlin are the only two members of the team that are truly impressive. Preston Foster is particularly wrong as an IRA chief, mainly because he is obviously not Irish, and JM Kerrigan is unsettled throughout his role in the film, but this disappointing supporting actor is the only bad point in the film. <br /> <br /> It is often dominated by some well-known westerners in Ford, such as The Searchers or The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance, The Informer is one of John Ford's best films - if not the best of his films. Beginning with what will be the long work in Oscar nominations and his win at John Ford, The Informer won four Oscar awards including one for best director in 1936. Ford's use of the company's shadows and lighting in the film is very appealing and particularly vital to tell a story. Guido told the streets a bleak situation from the town and the stark accusations of street lamps, each shadow constantly reminding him of his dark work. Ford was amazing in this technique; if The Informer was produced 10 years later (making genre requirements) it is likely to be considered one of the best films Noir of all time, but this does not prevent him from remembering it as an excellent classic film.
