Perhaps the reason I searched for the history of Irish problems in the 1920s and then the sad civil war that swept the free state after signing the treaty before watching this film. Anyway, the sudden turn at the end brought tears to my eyes. <br /> <br /> Victor McGlagen is no longer as famous today as he was then, and we should remember him better. In this film, I think he plays his role as if it were not for his innate talent and his mind. For example, the scenes in which his friend in the crowd was challenging men to fight with him might have reminded us of what McGlagen had already done in previous years, when he was a worldly man uncovered. John Ford is partly responsible for this; the IMDb trivia section explains how McLaglen fools into getting really bad hangouts for the demo scene. This director can also cast a lot of actors, even without these tricks. Mostly, the McLaglen is heavily controlled, especially when his personality is completely Pluto (which is difficult for the actor to do reasonably), as he plays Gypo Nolan with deep emotional depth and a surprising person who has just seen McLaglen later in his career, Pacific ". I particularly like the contrast between this role as a man in the IRA and the more clearly controlled performance he has presented as an IRA man Dennis Hogan in "The Executioner's House." <br /> <br /> In The Quiet Man, of course, McLaglen is a rural game at odds with the local IRA. Victor McGlagen was large and volatile, in the old sense of the word, but he was also a good actor, capable of a wide range of nuances in performance that we did not expect from such a man today. It is a rather sad comment on our range of expectations and prejudices. <br /> <br /> As usual, Ford packs a lot of movies. All characters are excellent (although the American commandant tone is mostly distracting) - PS: There are vandals in the future! - Knowing that Gypo has painted a short straw once and ordered to kill a man but let him talk his way instead, we really sympathize with the guy who paints the short straw to carry Gypo and the humanity he shows, most especially when they go to take Gypo in Mary's room. <br /> <br /> John Ford truly shows his genius here, taking what could have been a horrifying and predictable outcome of the whole story, and instead using it to make an unexpected and absolutely satisfying ending that makes us think not only of Gypo and other characters, but of Poor Ireland during that time tortured.
