Victor McAlglen, John Enfors' character The Encounter, reminded me of a circus from Fellini's Los Angeles Strada. Anthony Quinn played the wild man who may have been influenced by the Oscar-winning Oscars performed by McGlagen. The poverty-stricken Dublin is the real-life atmosphere of the picture, which takes place in 1922. The dense fog and wet long night are the main elements of a story about the deep Irish national and Irish Republican Army battle. Individual conflicts and reason is what makes the information tick. The big, simple McLaglen character just wants to go to America, and we're reminded of frequent ticket price tags. Two different signs become a psychological focus of the drunken Irish. One is the former, the other a required sign. Do you have to do it and get the money to go? <br /> <br /> John Ford once said, "My name is Ford, I make Westerners." After watching this movie, obviously he can do a lot of things. The serious social issues dealt with here are honest problems and you find yourself thinking about them. The appearance of the piece is stunning and consists of long dark shades turning into a miserable night in Ireland. Ford was always known for his superb cinematic portrayal that helped predict conflicts within his characters. This is difficult in color, but he did it in pictures like researchers, and John Wayne sometimes painted a sinister manner. The performance of Victor McLaglen not only benefits from lighting, but simply by simply acting. It is hardening a lot. People knocking. It is brutal not know better. However, he must find out whether the IRA must cross or not. <br /> <br /> Watch the movie for the finer details. See also for McLaglen and Ford National Photography of the Irish Republican Army. Max Steiner's degree is innovative in how she matches characters' gestures, with a greater focus on them. This was usually seen only in silent films, especially Chaplin. It is clear that naming or "media" is still important. Just see how the media covered the Oscars this year, paying much attention to the virtue of Elijah Kazan.
