I remember watching this late night on black and white TV, long before the live version of the work was like a flash in the eye of Peter Jackson ... and I was very impressed. Finally, I got my hand this week on a copy of the VHS system thrown away (is not that just an equal number to the course ..?) I had the opportunity to review this film and found that it still stands well, it is not the success achieved by memory . <br /> <br /> I must admit a certain bias here. Some reviewers declare themselves to be confirmed Jackson lovers, while others hate Jackson. I'm not exactly that. I was loyal to the adaptation of the BBC radio by Brian Sibele, originally broadcast in 1981, and I instantly recognized Gollum's voice here - Peter Woodthorpe will perform this performance, which is almost perfect for radio three years later. <br /> <br /> I must say, however, when Jackson's films are increasingly disappointing, the Bakshi version, although it has been cut to the finish, is actually more accurate. Yes, there are usual understandable changes (here is Legolas instead of Arwen who was replaced by Glorfindel where Elf was sent by Rivendell to meet the concert) and there is a lot of overlapping work. (The only exception to this latter, as others have observed, is the vastly expanded sequence in the Ford Reindel, where the Ringwraiths proved, having shown the chilling ability to freeze and pull the Frodo in the middle of the flight - which is spread again when it defies them after crossing the river - "I also agree that this puberty is unsatisfactory, partly because of the bad animation, and that Gandalf overshadows his arms very much. <br /> <br /> But after seeing both approaches of the film, I feel more than ever that the track is the path to take. In a half-mythical tale (strangely, one thing is an excerpt from the story of Aragorn for Brian and Lothian), the extreme craftsmanship required by live photography, where everything from monsters to detail shirts must be created to appear on the camera is counterproductive: CGI) are less brutal than graphic shapes, and heroic costumes tend to be rather absurdly worn on real bodies. The hobbit or pygmies are known to have a human body that is easy to move but difficult to portray convincingly. Many critics of the Ringwraith movement nestled in the forest, with half-paralyzed human movements, cited it as one of the most horrifying moments in the film - it certainly scared me when I first saw it in the dark! The amazing style of action of the introduction (in addition to a skillfully accomplished voice and an economy to summarize the background story in a few sentences) works very well to portray an almost mythical era, and the change to the comic book Shire-rusticism - I particularly like Proudfeet - effectively corresponds to the similar change in Tolkien tone. I sensed that there were some missed opportunities where the possibilities of animation could be used to a great extent: Gandalf threatens Bilbo with his real power in the opening scenes, and Bellbo seems to have become a Gallum-like creature under the sway of lust in Rivendell, and the famous seduction by Galladriel, All painted in one way or another, where it was a trivial distortion of the scene to reflect the Hobbit changing perceptions. But in general, the changes in details and paintings - the bright shapes in Bree, the bright colors that reappeared in Rivendell and in the Fangorn removal area, the dirty gray, the browns of MORIA and the desolate lands - work well to reflect the different moods of the rings, Simply simply flush the background or draw it in an embellished place. <br /> <br /> As a fan I did not care about filming Jackson or Bakshi for the Luthorin - - again, I feel that the radio soundtrack was better evoked by its facade through a beautiful little forest paradise caught in with time - and I feel that Bakshi got a vocals The two thousand at this stage are very wrong, but I like the little montage at this stage, which shows the various members of the company relaxing together after being authenticated in Moria. Aragorn, who teaches a fencing lesson here, is a charming (and equally unequal) scene in which Boromir shares hobbits with Hollin in the Jackson version. <br /> <br /> Aragorn's portrayal of him as Weatherworn weather guard is well masked throughout this film (the pesky Mortenson Figo seems Jesus really does not work for me), although it was interesting to see how they planned " To clean "personal in the second half in favor of Gondor. John Hurt, surprisingly, performs as superbly as William Square in the hymn in part of Gandalf. I think that the hobbit aims to express contemporary youth as personalities to identify the public: I find that the style of animation (their proportion more "caricatures" than those of human characters) works well to distinguish them, all of them "felt" showing something feet as stated here on It is much more acceptable than literal perception, including a lot of fan art. <br /> <br /> Personally I have less objection to Boromir such as Viking - it has always been somewhat of a sort of brawl - - rather than Aragorn beard (illogical: both were nomoreans, after all), though I am obviously a minority here! <br /> <br /> The big drawback in this picture will always be the fact that it was an unfinished project, where it ended with a strange voice in an attempt to resolve the issues. It was interesting, not to mention the least frustrating, to see what Bakshi planned from Shilup and Minas Tirith, not to mention the dead ...
