With a trio of Peter Jackson's famous Lord of the Rings, it was easier to call Ralph Beckshy's 1978 film "Lord of the Rings" a bad film. I agree with the majority that Jackson's trilogy is the basic adaptation of Tolkien's work, but that does not prevent me from enjoying Bakshi's pioneering effort. Jackson admitted that he received at least some inspiration from watching Bakshi, and there are some striking similarities between their adaptations. <br /> <br /> The brilliant color backgrounds of the film are excellent and the result is memorable. You are most often satisfied with graphics characters. The pairs of Pippin, Merry, Eowyn and Galadriel can not be seen from each other visually. Balrog and Treebeard were indifferent, but these points did not bother me much. However, Nazgul is painted aptly and made it quaint enough. He was the only character Sam had bothered. It was designed to look absurdly inappropriate. <br /> <br /> This film is a novel of his mobile technology. In addition to hand-drawn figures, direct actors are integrated into animation through endoscopy. It is quite clear what hand-drawn figures are being recycled, but I found that the style of the film was modern. The use of direct actors in battle scenes was a good decision and helped these scenes turn out well. <br /> <br /> Voice representation was generally high quality. John Hurt was especially good, making an official voice for Aragorn. Aragorn is not my favorite character of the stories, but supported by the voice of John Hurt, I have been my favorite character in this amendment. My favorite was William Square, whose voice was strong enough for Gandalf. The only actor who looked inappropriate was Michael Scholes as Sam, whose voice was disturbing and added to Sam's sadly absurd image. The other annoying part of the voice representation is the mistake of pronouncing the names of the characters and the place. It was particularly curious that Saruman was frequently referred to as "Aruman". <br /> <br /> In the production of this film, Ralph Bakshi expected to have the ability to produce two films. Thus, this film contains about half of the story, from the beginning of the "Fellowship of the Ring" to the end of the battle at Helm Deeb in "The Towers". The obvious effect of this is that the story of the film is a very intense version of the story of the books. I enjoy the original stories and the more comprehensive changes, but the freedom to press the story did not bother me, but even the choice of leaving Aruen out of the story. There were enough key elements of the story in this film to keep me engaged for a long time and there was a recent mastery of the Lord of the Rings breeze in half 132 minutes. The battle scenes were impressive, especially the ORC rally and the battle at Helm's Deep was enormous. <br /> <br /> The version of Ralph Bakshi of "Lord of the Rings" is not perfect and no doubt that a number of Lord of the Rings readers shabby cuts to the story. However, for me the drawbacks of this film were slight compared to the thrill and vision of effective adaptation of a great trilogy. My only strong lament is that I can not see the second part of this "Great First Tale" of The Lord of the Rings where Bakshi is not given the budget to create a sequel.
