I am fond of this film and it bothers me that many of the "reviewers" rank it under Peter Jackson's trilogy. An always-illustrated, interpretive novel. In particular, the animated film depends on the artist's vision and must be judged according to its terms. Speaking as pure, this is a more accurate tribute to Tolkien than the updated version. While this film has its flaws, it remains more honest than the source, especially with regard to characters. <br /> <br /> In the Jackson version, Tolkien's Frodo is hardly recognizable: from the first scenes he is depicted as weak, constantly trembling, manipulated by forces around him and not standing on his feet (this is physically true and figurative metaphor). You wonder why the fate chose this lame biscuit to carry one ring to the cracks of death. Jackson rewrites Tolkien's book and steals Frodo with his finest moments when he allows Erwin to save him from the Ringwraiths ... The original version of Bakshi is respected, and Frodo, who claims his life, "no longer bothers me or bothers me!" Bakshi supports Frodo's character as conceived by Tolkien. We see its decline as its workload increases. Frodo is very pivotal to Lord of the Rings, marveling at Jackson taking such liberties (doing so with many characters) because personal development drives the plot to its inevitable end. Bakshi's film explores the better companionship between Legolas and Gimli in some wise scenes that are completely lacking in the Jackson version. Similarly, we see Boromir outperforms with Pippin and Merry, which reinforces the idea of ​​fellowship. As I wish, intimate friendship was developed in the animation rather than the live movement. <br /> <br /> Tolkien's poetry is an important element in the novels, and Bakshi praises this in one of my favorites: When Frodo sings the song "Merry Old Inn," minutes before stumbling into Strider. A gleeful and terrifying melody with dark-colored music when seconds later, invisible to his friends but visible to the witches, Frodo is seriously exposed. This is one of the most atmospheric parts of the film and it threatens me whenever I see it. <br /> <br /> The well-documented budget / time constraints limit the final impact of this film, but if it is completed, it may resonate with more viewers. As it is, it is worth a look. Even its critics admit that Peter Jackson drew much of his inspiration from this prototype.
