Godard once said that one way to criticize a film is to make a film, perhaps the most powerful kind of thing that could happen around Ralph Beckshi in the film "Tolkien of the Ocean of the Lord of the Rings," which Peter Jackson has already made. Modern trilogy, to me, is not even full masterpieces, but it gives enough space for each book to breathe in all the postmodern techniques interspersed with classic storytelling to make them good and entertaining. <br /> <br /> But as a person who has not read books, I have now come to look at the two versions, direct work (though partly in its own large animation) and animations (albeit in part with actual live work as a framework) It concerns only the basic story, not even the total devotion to books. With the Bakshi version, it is almost unfair in some way, since what we see is really not the full vision, not what Jackson had (perhaps the last cut). The big climactic climax of the king was stolen from the story, and with the rush of the other two parts, I ended up admiring what I did within his limits, even though these same restrictions make them disappointing. <br /> <br /> It is also interesting, after watching the first Jackson movies - which I regret a bit because I had reacted with this differently when I was younger and five years ago - is that the basic elements of the story were never getting Messed up with. All that is really required to tell the story of the Fellowship episode is actually quite sound, and if anything was perhaps more gigantic and epic in Tolkien's book has given some clarity in this section. Actors who play parts of the hobbit and other heroes, to some extent reward parts, with few parts (John Hurt in the role of Aragorn and William Square in the role of Gandalf). <br /> <br /> The lack of additional characterization ends up making things seem of little value to those who have not seen other films or read books and can not put them in context. But there is always some interest in the characters, and here there is an older feeling more amid the large halo of it. This is not a variety of Disney adaptations, it is a film of Bakshi, where its moving roots collide with the legendary world of the middle ground. <br /> <br /> What Bakshi and his animation team brought to the film will end by giving the screen, in all its abbreviated form, its successful or missing appeal. In addition to not fully completing the film or as a story, the film's form is an experiment, to see if one can fully visualize something. The results ended up bringing in what now seems backward, but of course the time was something that was a powerful and impressive inspiration from filmmakers. Would it have been better with traditional painted animation? In some parts, yes; it has become somewhat noticeable, as in Bakshi's American Pop, that the main characters move in rather fragile ways, such as a form of comic books being done in a different way. However, there is much that I liked about what happened. <br /> <br /> Orcs, for example, found it truly spectacular in their surreal surroundings. They may be the best part of the animation set at the top of the live movement, especially in parts where there is no battle footage (this is the real section of the collision or error, where there is no continuity of the rotoscoping good and bad), chiaroscuro comes through large shapes on top Horses. It's creepy in a good way. The backgrounds, although they are very difficult and sometimes very superficial, are beautiful with a mix of colors and bangs together. It's almost something for art aficionados as it does with nuts. <br /> <br /> So, how do I recommend this animated film Lord of the Rings? I do not know, to tell the truth. It certainly represents a good level above the other Tolkien animation film I saw, which is the hobbit (and I have not seen the ROTK animation film), and there are some real works going on. There are also some gradient dialogues, a sector with two very compact towers, where the most interesting character Gollum is reduced to two scenes at all. Seeing something as fragmentary as this ends only enhances the completeness of the most recent films. <br /> <br /> If you're a fan of books you're considering, I'll say it's worth a chance, even if it's one of those opportunities you see for 40 minutes and then decide whether you want to stop it. As for the other Bakshi films I have seen, it is an ambitious and impressive achievement, as, as with Lynch's Dune, it is imperative to draw a dark line resembling the Lord in the sand between those who hate her enthusiastically and those who do not. "
