As an animated film from 1978, this is very good - in general much higher than the days when Disney did not do anything good for years (and Tolkien was a bit interested in Disney anyway). You get important points to make your camera innovative and accurate, with the application of cinematic techniques with relative success. The malignant endoscopy works very well indeed, especially with the Ringwraiths, the opening narrative. However, it is overly overuse - perhaps as a way to save money - it detracts from the overall effect. The same technique that makes the neurotic lethality and other world does not go well in Prancing Pony. <br /> <br /> As for adapting the story, they are actually very good. We lose a bit here and there, simple details like Old Forest, Tom Bombadil, Gaffer and Sackville-Bagginses. We press some characters, such as Legolas review as one of the Elrond family and old friend of Aragorn, but this is a fairly wise decision for the film. In books, you have space to include references to the larger world of elves and the broad history of the middle earth. In the film, you manipulate the visual and audio images that convey the same elements in a different way. There is nothing important really lost here, and although I have some minor bums about some changes, I am generally happy with this. <br /> <br /> If only the injured writers were able to remember the name of Saruman - it is often referred to as the Arroman, a decision that may have been made to make it more distinctive than the so-called Soron; it took me a second watch before I was sure I did not hear it. It is also annoying that Boromir is a bloody Viking stage, and the agitation from the beginning. However, the Gandalf is excellent, and most of the rest of the audio works are excellent. If John Hurt was not only old to play Aragorn; I loved his voice. <br /> <br /> Of course, with the film ending in the middle of the story, there is a huge disappointment that has been built. What makes it far away, much worse is the utterly miserable task done by Rankin and Bass crew on the sequel. To be allowed to return the king after the slaughter of the hobbit remains a mystery; they seem to be more interested in bad songs than in storytelling. Despite all its flaws, the heart of this film is strong in its place and tries hard to accomplish an almost impossible task. I can only hope that the next series of films will match ...
