More than 20 years after Peter Jackson adapted in The Lord Of The Rings, there was a moving effort in 1978 by Ralph Beckshi. An ambitious and reasonably honest version of the story, it was blocked by the Jackson trio. In fact, it seems that many of the reviewers here on the IMDb (especially those who saw the newer version first) seem very unfamiliar to this version .... but if one applies some common sense, takes into account the time it was prepared and the technical potential that They were present at that time, and then realize that this is a very good film. In fact, shortly after watching this animated film in the early 1980s, I searched for Tolkien's book and immediately became a lifelong admirer of the rich Middle-earth adventures of detail. So, in some respects, I owe this film a degree of recognition as the film that shaped my literary tastes forever. <br /> <br /> Suron, Lord of Darkness of the Middle Earth, depicts a very powerful ring that gives him incredible power. After a major battle in which Soron was defeated, the ring is in the possession of a king named Isildor. But instead of destroying them he foolishly chose to keep them. For centuries the ring goes from hand to hand, eventually in possession of the hobbit named Frodo Baggins, who lives in a peace-loving society known as The Shire. Frodo learns from a wizard named Gandalf that his ring is actually The One Ring, the same thing that Sauron has written over these past centuries, and that his master is looking again for him to regain his dark power over all the land. Frodo is embarking on a dangerous journey to protect the ring with three other Hobbit comrades, but every step of the way they are caught through the Sauron ring, Black Riders. There are many adventures, during which a company of nine adventurers is formed to direct the ring to the only place where it can be "not made"? Mount of Death, in the land of Mordor. The film ends with Frodo and his close friend Sam on the border of Mordor, close to their terrifying destination. Meanwhile, Gendolf and other members of the company fight a huge army of sprites in the legendary castle of Helm's Deep. <br /> <br /> This version covers just over half of the original book. The second installment was planned to end the story, but unfortunately it was not completed. While the end looks surprising, it ends at least at a reasonable point in the story. One has to feel some frustration and regret for the lack of a complement that we can follow in these enthusiastic heroes to achieve their ultimate goal. Animation is acceptable, with a nice variety of languages ​​and characters presented with interesting details. Music by Leonard Rosenmann evokes appropriately and fits appropriately with the epic narrative. Sound sums are good, especially John Hurt in the role of Aragorn and Peter Woodthorpe as Gollum. On the other hand, Michael Scholes - who makes the voice of Sam - is an eccentric and idiot, which is not appropriate for personality. The Lord Of The Rings is a commendable attempt to visualize the amazing book on which it is based.
