H.G. Wells in 1936 went over to his boss, and his books that were still alive were gone. He was approaching the end of his life and faced the dream he had embezzled. At the beginning of the twentieth century he advocated the idea that the world was destined because the evolution of species and natural biology on the one hand and Marxism, the market economy on the other, necessarily led to the weaker victor's strongest because of the simple criterion of number. The weakest were the mass of humanity and the most powerful were the minority elite. He then advocated a strict policy of eugenics with the elimination of all those who were somehow weakening the human race. First of all, non-Caucasians, except Jews who will disappear because of mixed marriages. Then, in the Caucasian community, all those who were not healthy, alcoholics, mentally handicapped, all genetically disabled, etc. It was not Hitler. That was H.G. This was not after the First World War. That was more than a decade ago. Twenty years before World War I, he had published the Time Machine, which defended the idea that human "sex" was left to its own means, due to the amazing cosmic evolution of life on Earth. The distinction between man and race would be "two types": the class And the bourgeoisie will become an inert species. The point in the novel was that the surface of the developed and weak idle was prey to other species that were predators. Wales was convinced that humanity was at risk and that politicians were supposed to stop this development by imposing a strict policy on birth control. The first countries to follow this injunction were Scandinavian countries, which were also the last to be dropped recently only to some of them. The film here suggests a vision of 2036 with a completely dictatorial world government in the fact that there is no election, no parliament, no real democratic institution, but the peace imposed by the military invasion. The government is dominated by one man or one man and a few advisers. In this future world, all human beings are Caucasian. Wales was able to imagine that humanity was completely white by 2036. Amazing. Wales envisions a kind of insurgency, but it will not be long and does not lead to anything at all. The final sentences are the vision of this white civilization that invades the entire universe when thinking of the sky, its stars and planets. Scary. This was produced in 1936. More frightening than elsewhere is the mention of Hitlerism, fascism, Japanese imperialism or Stalinism. But it is necessary to have this film in a good restored version because it is necessary to have a complete vision of H.G. Wells. It is clear that we are far from the brave new world of absolute "democratic" social choice, the animal farm of the dictatorship of the proletariat of pigs, or the 1984 experimental dictatorship of the older brother. This vision is at least as frightening as the other three visions. I just want to compare Wales with the British science fiction writers in his days. It would be unfair to go further. This reveals that in England during the first three decades of the twentieth century, there was a tremendous fear among intellectuals: the fear that the future would only be bleak, dead and in a deadlock of some kind. <br /> <br /> Dr. Jacques Colardieu, University of Paris Dauphin, University of Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne and University of Versailles Saint-Quentin en Evelyn
