"Things to come" Review of the film by kWRice <br /> <br /> Here is another feature film of science fiction filled with wonder of a different time and place. It's a film I've only seen in broken parts, but art must be taken as a whole. I tried this film where it was designed in a dark theater on a silver screen, with spiral rollers from the film and an audience to share it with. This audience and I personally have been affected by this film! A woman who lived during the Second World War was suffocated by the scourge of war that was remembered and renovated through the positives, though she was arrogant. <br /> <br /> The things that caught my attention from the start were initial credits. The first thing we see is "H.G. Wells" in a bold vertical block version very much like "Superman" from yore. It is not the title of the film, but the title of the originator, and before anyone else is listed, such as actors or production, director William Cameron Menezes exists! Who is the? You may have seen his work before, "Around the World in 80 Days," "Yankees Pride," and "Gone with the Wind." He has not yet directed the science fiction opera he and Mr. Wells created, but his cinematic pictures, collections and design are recognizable. <br /> <br /> These images have a great impact. I got to know photos from many other films that hailed this classic movie. "Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy" is clear, along with Bugs Bunny, Fantasia, Monty Python, Holy Grail, Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow and Night of the Dead Dead. I know that, but the titles escape Mona. This is real special effects here, the scenes that are now being done with the CGI are done with actors, large groups and detailed models. This film was produced in 1936, obviously meaning something to other authors. Wells and Menzies also worked with Bliss, the music, and Korda, the producer, to create a masterpiece through a letter, warning and sermon. <br /> <br /> The outlines of Shakespearean Cedric Hardwicke, Ralph Richardson and Raymond are sometimes masquerading as a preacher, but I've also heard lines I can still hear. "These children's games these days are not what I had when I was a child," "it will help to develop their coordination," "What do we need books, what do we need to read?" "We do not need cars, there is no place to go, we have everything we need here," there will be no war. "But the war there! The naive citizens of Everytown refuse to see the writing on the wall. The little boy who wants to be a good soldier like his father is a picture that will probably always be with me.This is the world of 1936 who wore Hitler's appeasement ... This poisonous gas of air wars falls in the second chapter. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> It is another dark age: there is no government, no services, and people who have fought the war, chanting and not being remembered. They are shot in the street, before they can move the plague to another.There is a wonderful midway around Rolls-Royce, a half-way break. The future of the world is the third act, with the help of the "smart animal, man." Helicopters fly in this film, even before its invention. The Plumber's Helper uses other than Dalek's Or Glenn Miller's. Wide plasma screens fool the masses, and the speeches incite people to demolish everything. "Beware of concussion, you have been warned!" , The city's father warns rioters. So be warned that this movie may hurt you as if it hit me. There are some subtle mistakes and mistakes, but the idea that evokes idealism is really worth pondering again, and I want to see this wonderful film again. Others criticize Mr Wells' vision. It is very easy to work with 20/20 too late in relation to things, fashion and Foley's mistakes. I think Mr. Wells's "Things to Come" are not about things, but about social concepts, attitudes, and philosophical ideals. Moreover, we are now at the beginning of the new millennium and we have not yet come too far. This is not cheap cardboard British Science Fiction, but Epic Filmed Opera, without singing, and this as a whole concept overcomes some of the minor shortcomings of history.
