I must admit a little disappointed in this film; I had read a lot about how wonderful the scene, but the actual sequence of the future, the era of science, deals with a very small amount of film. The groups are excellent when we get there, and there are some amazing images, but this final sequence lacks many other greetings ... <br /> <br /> Much of the best drama in the piece is in the middle part, then plays the role of melodrama, The nature of science fiction is "high concept" of everything, and the dialogue is not strong enough. There is much more human life in this part, with the great sailing Ralph Richardson superbly portrayed as a small dictator, "Boss" in every city. I liked Richardson's behavior and reduced the number of lines, refusing to attend and the thoughts of Raymond Massey, the confident visitor. This is a boss who is hushed and convincingly deceived, unable to grasp the small nature of his kingdom ... It is not a wonderful role, but Richardson makes many of them. <br /> <br /> It is assumed that each city itself means that England, or at least an English city, is to some extent England. It was interesting to avoid any religious aspect of things in full; the "next things" seem to revolve around a conflict between barbarism and a belief in science that seems to have no ultimate ultimate goal, but just to continue. There is a belated attempt to provoke some of the arguments and tensions in the latter section, regarding a more personal 'life', yet one remains completely dissatisfied. The film did not receive much nuances; the unsettled, unsettled and unsettling scene goes off every time. And, of course, remember the end of the hedging bet: Raymond Massey eliminates lyric poetry over the mystery of things! <br /> <br /> As for the issue of the film as a prediction: I must say that it is not bad at all, since one clearly allows it to be impossible to get details of life correctly. The greatest concepts have something to them; a war in 1940, well, maybe it was expected ... lasted nearly 30 years, thought! A nuclear bomb - "super gun" or some of this waste - in 2036 ... A technocrat socialist "We do not believe in the nations of the independent nation" - a government of sorts, in Britain, after 1970 ... Hmm, unfortunately nowhere near this One, chapters! ;-) No real policy went here and it is a shame. All surfaces are anti-war sentiment is very commendable. In general, dictatorship - be it a sadistic fascism, as in the era of Bose, or an all-inclusive scientific socialism - is supposed to be the deal *, and these effects are not addressed ... We must remember that in 1936, There is absolutely no knowledge of how Nazism and communism - or even how they appear - seem to be lacking in this regard, along with the filmmakers' vision of other issues. <br /> <br /> Many of the previous things must - and perhaps were - cut off in my opinion; only the shortest elements of the "1940" were necessary, yet this part tends to be somewhat massive, and has passed before To get to parts of Richardson Massey. I wanted to see more of the work with Margarita Scott; who is just a trifle trivial, cut a Mediterranean character and flicker the eye to a tiny purpose. No one is personally explored, interpreted or exploited, except for one scene that will not spoil it, and its relationship with Boss is not explored; but then it was the 1930s, and there was something like extensive institutional oversight at the time. Edward Chapman is amusing in his roles; and even more so in the first chapter as the unhappy chapter, the prayer for war, only to be frankly put by another Massey figure. Massey himself helps things a lot, plays his parts with a mixture of self-restraint and dreary enthusiasm, and contrasts well with very different actors, except Richardson, Scott and Chapman, a little. <br /> <br /> I would say that "Things to Come" is undoubtedly a very exceptional film produced in Britain in 1936; one of the few serious science fiction films to date, in fact! Its set (piece) design, harnessing resources, exquisite, exquisite. <br /> <br /> However, the script is ultimately very serious, and sometimes ubiquitous. The direction is subject to flattening, although it sometimes increases the speed of the gear or the mirrors. Cinematographer and Richardson really save things; respectively creating a wonderful feeling of wonder at the technology, performing an attractive, jerky con constantly. Such shame has little substance or real cinematic perception of everything; Powell and Pressburger were among the best directors to do such a task - they are not peers among British directors like bold visual storytellers, and top team leaders of characters and merchants in a first-class dialogue. <br /> <br /> "The things that will come", as they are now, are surprisingly interesting, worthy of attention, but far less than "Metropolis" ... "Tess is like" silly ", as Wells put it, Lang, with nothing like the amazing power of it.
