This creative work by Herbert George Wells and music by Arthur Bliss is a powerful piece of filmmaking. Adapted from the somewhat different works of Wales written by the author, it presents a glimpse into the human future with the theme of periods of war versus periods of "peace". The structure is that after a series of contradictory episodes of normal life and the gathering of clouds of war, the scenario allows war to occur. The two families, Cabells and Passworthys, differ about what may happen; Passworthy takes an optimistic view of the "automatic" civilized progress. Capel is a thinker, and surprising. Their city Everytown - obviously London - became devastated by a war involving tanks, a brilliant war march from Bliss, and the end of civilization. The second part finds people living in the wreckage of the city under the name of "Boss," played by Ralph Richardson, whose wife, Margarita Scott, was a wonderful dreamer like a dictator's dreamer. He is trying to rebuild old World War planes so he can attack a nearby hill tribe to complete his small kingdom; a young scientist complains that his actions are constantly interrupted by the demands of aircraft - forever; this is Wales commenting on war for progress. Survivors are exposed to a plague called "wandering sickness" as well. He introduced a modern flying machine led by Cabell in the first part of the film and is now part of the Wings Over the World, an alliance of world scientists, who plan to end the war forever. This appropriate modernity of aviation has wonderful conversations with Boss and his wife, her attractiveness is clear; then Boss sends his plane against them, scientists come in huge numbers of planes and drop "gas of peace" on the ruins of each city. Only the boss dies, and fights fiercely against the truce. The film then shows that the minerals are being explored and the slow steps being transformed into beams from the city of fantastic new futuristic towers. In the third section, Capell argues a future with the future merit of human ethics. One wonders if they have the right to send men to the moon; Capell is the right champion of man in progress and the need to expand his horizons. Passworthy son and daughter of Cabell, are the astronauts that are sent. Theotocopulos, a religiously religious Lodit, casts a heated speech on a huge screen in the city forum and leads an attack on the space gun that fires a new rocket free of Earth's gravity. The culmination of the plot is the successful launch of the space gun; the conclusion and end is a speech delivered by Cabel as a tribute to the value and science that is universally regarded as the deepest defense of the mind ever corrected. "It's the whole universe - or nothing!" Capell says Passworthy. "What should it be?" As Cabell, Raymond Massey performs his best performance on the screen. He is thoughtful, kind and reasonable, and he is a real scientist. As a person who seeks to end the age of science, Cedric Hardwicke is perfect and powerful. Edward Chapman plays the role of Passworthy in impersonating admiration and fear in an impressive way. The story is logical, often beautiful and always interesting. In view of the semi-human extinction, the idea of ​​civilization managed by construction scientists has become reasonable and credible to the viewer. This is a triumph for the director, William Cameron Menzies, for Bellis and all concerned. Listen to dialogue with someone you love Within its built-up boundaries, the drama of the thinking man discusses two possible human futures - progress or backwardness.
