I was only a child in my arms when George Lucas was dazzling the world by leaving this world of Saga dating to the adventures of young Locke Skywalker and the notorious Darth Vader, but even today 20 years later I can appreciate the genius that characterizes Lucas and the incredible imagination he has blessed. In new hope, Lucas showed a new way of storytelling, where we were presented with memorable personalities such as the famous Princess Leah, the Rogish Han Solo, the lively Luke Skywalker, and the best-loved villains, the villain Darth Vader. At The Empire Strikes Back, do his best to show us that special effects can add to the story and manage something that no one thought you could do on the screen. He made a film without an end or a definite beginning and fell. The return of Jedi is an appropriate end to the epic that will withstand the test of time. <br /> <br /> When the Empire Srtikes Back wrapped up Carbonite Rouge Han Solo in Carbonite to be handed over to Jabba the Hut and young Luke lurching from the discovery of a terrible truth about his father, we left with the feeling that things were going from bad to worse. Vader seems to have won today. How did we ask if the rebels could recover from this blow? In the stunning and stunning last chapter of Lucas, we stay on the edges of our seats from saving the brave Han from the Chiba Palace to the final climactic battle on the Star of Death between Luke and Fadar while Luke struggles between fulfilling his duties as a kid and a rebel fighter and trying to awaken the goodness that is believed to be still in the spirit of his father. <br /> <br /> Old friends, such as the smooth talk Lando Calrissian and the beloved Chewbacca gather at all in a final battle to end all battles as a new darker, bring out a dangerous enemy in the form of the Emperor himself (played by illustrious Ian Madarimarude. Mystery.) Desperate to turn Luke into the dark side even if that means betraying his trainee Darth Vader. Black with his red eyes and his evil white and funny white face, it's really a terrifying addition to the story and he's the undisputed master of events unfolding. The new and improved star of death is a disaster for the rebels, but the courageous group is waging another desperate attack to end the rule of the empire forever. <br /> <br /> Lucas has been able to merge three different stories at once and continue working until the audience is active. As Han and Liya try to drop the shield around the Death Star from the Moon of Endor with the help of some adorable Ewoks (who do not really think they are taking the film at all), I really feel they are providing some kind of rest from the fighting tensions in the Star of Death and where the hordes of The storm and imperial officers, we rejoice at Lando and the other pilots as they lead the Great Imperial Fleet and their risk lives and their limbs to travel to the Dayton Star to destroy it once and for all ... We are watching with great concern as Vadar and the Emperor try to turn Luke into the dark side while His father is backward. <br /> <br /> But to me, the most difficult and most convincing battles are to happen within Darth Vader. "ROTJ is a battle of emotions and feelings. I never thought the mask could show the emotion, but somehow one can only see the confusion and pain on Vadar's face during the final scenes when the Emperor turns to Locke, there is more depth and passion for Fadar than I thought the villain, Owned by the man I think that is what makes it affordable. Is inconsistent. Apprentice as much as Master. Victim as much as villain. Without destroying the end too much, the latest Vader scene is the most moving and wonderful in the trilogy. <br /> <br /> So, in conclusion, I can not say. George Lucas is the master of the epic. Star Wars are the most compelling and attractive Sagas that I've seen in a long time and have yet to see another Saga competition. Return of the Jedi contains all the ingredients needed to provide the Lucas masterpiece you deserve. It is an event, a thrill, a romantic, a tragedy, a ransom, a joy, all in one person, unforgettable characters, wonderful special effects and attractive music that make the film itself and an end that Lucas can be proud of.
