Well, my nickname is somewhat lame and almost sells this click. I remember watching Siskel & Ebert in 1994 talking about this film, then playing a piece or two. I was not a sensitive person for rap music (although I was able to learn about Snoop Dogg, Vanilla Ice and MC Hammer), I was not much interested when they started talking about the film. S & E then shows the scene where the band explains how they chose their name (using some "suspicious" logic and a set of "constituent" facts), then another scene where the band and the competing band visit the school to encourage participation (of course NWH comes with some "information" About how the rival band leader was losing because he got good grades at school and was on the annual book committee). So I deposited to see this film. <br /> <br /> Two years later, this thing appears on HBO and I record it, just to laugh a butt for hours. Yes, it contains a kind of "rhythm of the spine" from the rhythm of it ... So the documentary takes the same "tone" in the preparation of the tracks, and the band follows a similar path (what I now call "behind the music") phenomenon - the small band has good chemistry, , And a lot of money very fast, quarrels, drugs, type of death, the band disintegrates, then reconcile, ending with hope of more future albums, and fade to black.) The only correct thing is that in the Spinal Tap, A little more successfully in her past, but click on the clouds at some points, and in my mind is limited to laughter that has been prepared This is the place where you want to go amp to "ELEVEN", this is where men make stone stones the size of a pint, etc ... <br /> <br /> <br /> Contrasts with FoaBH, which seems to have more "unexpected" humor.You can see some of them coming, True chemistry succeeded. Also, direct references to Vanilla Ice, Hammer and a group of other rappers of the cartoon genre worked well. This amazes me as a movie you see once to get the main story and laughs, then come back and watch to pick up the fine jokes. And songs. Is "peanut" better than "Big Bottom" (from Spinal Tap)? I do not know - but both are funny. The terrible Tone Def video during the Awakening phase is very strange, but very funny. <br /> <br /> I can continue to appear, but save your time and do not waste it on CB4. I watched the first half hour and felt bored. You do not feel bored on FoaBH. There are less funny moments, but you can never tell if something good is about to happen. Perhaps my favorite scene is when Ice Cold and Tastey Taste discover that they shared the same girl .... At some point, I got these two kisses directed at each other, and the next thing you know, the director and the photographer And the girl, I think Tone Def in the room are pointing their guns at each other, and changing the targets back and forth. Of course, someone is shot. <br /> <br /> I found it strange that the NWH managers had similar destinies to the drummers in Spinal Tap (although none of them burned automatically, I do not think so). There were enough similarities that I can not ignore the possibility that Condev had seen "Spinal Tap" before writing this film, although this is clearly a Spinal Tap of hip hop. Although there are some similarities, the humor is different, and the film looks more like a real documentary (perhaps because we do not recognize a single actor in this thing, even the man who played "Lamar" from "Revenge of the Nerds"). All in all, this film has, in my opinion, "Credit Street". Kinda like NWH.
