This film is in my opinion the weakest movie in the original Star Wars trilogy, for various reasons. However, it eventually shows a winner, despite all its drawbacks. It is still a very good film, even if much of its quality depends on the characters created in two distinct installments. <br /> <br /> One of the problems here is the appearance of the film, which is "t very consistent with 2 other films.I put a lot of that to the departure of producer Gary Kurtz.The first two films have a dirty look with all the technology etc." On the other hand, the rebels appear to have emerged from the bathroom and their dry uniforms have been cleaned, which makes for a much less textured film, too much creatures like puppets and cutesy. The future is more concerned with the quality of the film itself. <br /> <br /> Another aspect is its lack of authenticity: "A whole new experience in the cinema and the Empire brought us to strange worlds of swamps, ice and clouds," Gidi recounted, gently recycling the locations of the first films, first returning to the planet Tatooine and then watching them face another star of death The emperor thinks of anything new ... but you think that Lucas or Kasdan can.) We also have these icon, who are really just made-up matel-made dolls, in a recycled version of what was supposed to be a great wookie game at the end of " Star Wars "if it does not run out of cash. It looks like a lazy building. <br /> <br /> The worst side of "Jedi" for me is the poor deal with Han Solo's character. While he is pivotal in the plot of the first two films here he struggles for screen time, where he trades with robots. Instead of the real drama, we stuck to the lame argument that Han is still convinced that Leah loves Luke - as if to conclude the "empire" where she admitted that her love for him never happened. The whole thing is very intriguing and barely conceals the fact that Solo's character was not part of the central story of this film after he was rescued. For his part, Ford seems bored and lacks the style of his former performance. This is like Ford's performance in the 1990s, and he is bored and simple "above" the film itself. Fischer's side is remarkably high in some scenes. Lando, the interesting character presented in the movie "Empire", is stuck here as a visible person we feel in the battle of giant space. Only Hamel, given the interesting evolution of Luke's character, is really capable of doing anything new or exciting to his character. Perhaps he was the only major actor in the film who still cares about his work. To be fair, the script gives it a lot more to do than other characters. It really is his story and other characters exist only as part of the package. Ian MacDarmid does an excellent job as well as the Emperor. The film will sink if it has exceeded the top (as it was sometimes in new movies). <br /> <br /> Visually and in terms of effects work, unlike the "clean" appearance of everything is hard to find wrong. Japa is a very dynamic and effective personality, one of the most complex at all. Space battles in the end are very impressive. <br /> <br /> Ultimately, this film moves to success based on the achievements of its predecessors. But on its own, it's a satisfying piece of entertainment and IMHO is much higher than any of the subsequent Lucas products.
