Bryan Yuzna is often denounced as a director of his deadly festivals, but the truth is that his films are not really bad at all. Re-Animator replicas are not as big as the original, but they are still worthy of what it comes to. The Return of the Dead The 3 neighborhoods are the best in the series. Society is not a world away from being a masterpiece of surreal horror. This excitement certainly is not a masterpiece; but Yuzna's eye shows an excellent horror, and the plot moves in an exciting and always exciting way. I am really surprised that a horror film about dentistry did not appear until 1996, as going to a dentist is almost a primary fear - it escapes from a tiger to the modern world. Dentistry does not scare me, but surprisingly; I seem to be in the minority. The plot follows the perfect Dentist Dr. Finston. He has a beautiful home, a successful career and a beautiful wife - everything that most people want. However, his life becomes worse when he discovers his wife's relationship with the pool cleaner. His life is not the only one. Because it is his patients who feel his full anger ... <br /> <br /> When it comes to scaring the audience, this film really makes itself. However, the credit must go to the director to extract the full share of the fears of the central idea. The fact that he did a good job is summed up by the fact that I'm not very sensitive about going to the dentist - but a particular scene made me cover my eyes! The film follows the sketch of an ordinary man who paints a crazy plot, only with The Dentist always getting the impression that there is more to the film than we see. Gore's film can often influence the level of material - and although this will not win any awards, the spoof of the upper class is well tied to the plot. Representation, while Class B, is indeed very impressive. With Corbin Birsen taking the lead and doing a good job of convincing the public that he is already a man on the alert. I would like to thank Brian Yozna for casting Ken Furry in the film. The Dawn of the Dead does not get enough work, and I like to see it in movies. The rest of the staff are not very impressed, but they all do their job well enough. In general, The Dentist presents a refreshing change to the 90's bright films. Surely the horror scenes will please the fans, and do not hesitate to recommend this film.
