The Dentist begins the wedding morning d. Corbin Bernsen and his wife Brooke's (Linda Hoffman). On the surface, Mr and Mrs Feinston seem to have a beautiful life, a beautiful home in Los Angeles, and he has a successful career with responsibility, but things are very wrong. Alan discovers that Brooke has an affair with Matt (Michael Stadwick), the pool cleaner, to add to Alan's humiliation, and then discovers that Matt fucks Paula Roberts (Liz Simms) one of his neighbors and is led by everything owed by the IRS, who breathe his neck, Load of money. Alan began to lose his mind, convinced himself that everything had faded and spoiled, just like the teeth of his patient, and that it was up to him to fix it. On the morning of that day at work, he began to feel frustrated and upset by his patients. First, a boy called Jody (Brian McLaughlin), a sexual assault on a patient named April Rehn (Krista Sauls) & Deliberately performs unnecessary and painful action on another. Alan also starts taking drugs because he loses them completely and goes to murder from his adulterous wife and the pool cleaner. <br /> <br /> Directed by Brian Yozna I thought the dentist was a good film and tried something a little different. The script by Dennis Bowley, Stuart Gordon and Charles Finch is more exciting than a straight slanted film, which was a surprise to me as I expected the latter, it was easy to make a teenager movie like a teen on the thirteenth Friday (1980) with a number A great bodybuilder and sage dentist but a dentist actually shows that the dentist is very different. A dentist is essentially a personal study of one man's descent into madness, and he does a good job even though I said I am not sure that what he sees is sufficient justification for his next deadly actions. It moves at a nice pace, and has a nice narrative that impressed him with the constant connection that Alan makes between the decay he sees in his patients and the decomposition he sees in the world around him and is a fun way to pass 90 odd minutes. Needless to say that anyone who has phobia about a dentist should probably give this one a miss or you will not go again! I also liked the end too where the tables are running, I will say no ... <br /> <br /> Yuzna director does his usual good work here, in fact I do not think I saw Yuzna a movie I did not enjoy fairly, obviously it is expected Take the opportunity to play on our fear of a dentist with some gentle tooth cuts that contain dental parts including pulling people's teeth, molesting them, doing drugs on drugs and torturing people with a dreaded dental drill. There are some other scenes as well, a dead dog, a person immersed in a knife and a broken knife. Yuzna gives the film a certain pattern about what might have been a low budget, and likes to tilt his camera that makes some beautiful corners and I liked the shot where the camera is over a person being slammed with huge blood machine guns on the floor in a nice wide angle. <br /> <br /> Technically, the Dentist is good and has cinematic values, good music and production, although some of the special make-up effects seem a little unconvincing. The representation is pretty strong from everyone involved with Corbin in delivering very good performance. Ken Furey, the favorite of its kind, appears to be one of the finest Los Angeles detectives. <br /> <br /> "Dentist" did not turn out as I expected, and all this is better for him, if you are a fan of horror & you might want something a bit different this is worth reviewing. I liked it and I think it's definitely worth seeing.
