A dentist is a really good film. And very disturbing. I think we can all agree that the chances of getting into a dentist myself are much greater than falling into monsters or vampires or zombies. This is exactly why this movie is so scary. During this movie, you may think of your dentist several times. Whether he is able to do such things ... It is better to pray his wife do not cheat on him. That's what the story is all about. A respected dentist settles in Los Angeles when he discovers that his wife is betraying him with a pond boy. (This should be the greatest profession in the world, by the way. Since then, dentist Dr. Feinston has been able to do nothing but revenge. He could no longer focus on his patients and two of them were wounded. Things are not easier for our dentist when he is chased by an annoying tax monitor, a curious policeman and a suspicious employee in his office. At one point, Dr. Winston can not take it anymore. Now he is not only after his wife but after everyone who comes near him .. is written and directed by dentist Brian Yozna and co-authored by Stuart Gordon. You can take it as a recommendation for itself. These guys have already given us some great horror movies (and my personal favorites), such as Re-Animator and From Beyond and Society. With the dentist, they once again made a very exciting and thrilling movie. This film came at the right time in fact. The contract has not brought us so many great horror movies yet. I'm not saying at all that this is a masterpiece, but it's a nice change. Corbin Bensen is a brilliant dental hygienist. I often remember him as a comedian or a playwright, but he can certainly deal with a psychic personality. The rest of the cast does a very good job. The woman who plays Winston's wife is really attractive. Also, it was wonderful to see Ken's immediate acting again. The actor from all my favorite films "Dawn of the Dead" plays the role of cop in this film. Yuzna delivered in the "from behind" also, 15 years ago and thank him for it. I do not recommend this film to everyone (if you have stomach weakness, I advise you to skip it), but if you see it, you'll enjoy it a lot. You will feel disgusted ... but that's an additional reason, I guess. It's been some time since I was scared to watch a movie. It is a wonderful subject to be dealt with in this genre and Yuzna does so in a wonderful way. Very Bad This film was followed by an unnecessary supplement at all. My humble opinion on the dentist ... 8/10
