I thought ROTJ was clearly the best in the Three Star Wars movies. I find it surprising that ROTJ is considered the weakest installment in the trilogy by many who voted. For me it looked like a movie ROTJ was the best because it had a deeper and more interesting plot and more emotional surprises (especially the end) and certainly the most casual film. I personally like the Empire Strikes Back a lot, but I think it's less quality than ROTJ because it was slower in motion, not accidental, and I did not feel as much thrill or emotion as I felt the third. the movie. <br /> <br /> It also seems to me that after reading these amazing reviews, the reasons why people who said ROTJ is a bad film for others are just ridiculous and unimportant in comparison to absolute excellence. Of the film as a whole. I have heard a lot of strange reasons such as: a) because Yoda died b) because Bupa Fitt died c) because the small Ewoks defeated a gang of storm d) because Darth Vader was revealed <br /> <br /> I would like to expose both of these Reasons because I think they miss this point completely. First, who cares if Matt Bupa Fit ??? If George Lucas wanted to die, he wanted to die. Do not get me wrong, I'm a fan of Popa Fit, but he did some false appearances and Lucas did not intend to make him a central figure in the movies that made Star Wars fans come out of him. His name was not even mentioned anywhere in the film ... you had to go to credits to find out the name of Bupa Fit !!! The referee on ROTJ because of the death of a simple character is what I think a lot ... Second, many fans did not like the death of Yoda. Sure, it was an important period in the film. I was not happy to see him die too but it makes the film more realistic. All the good people can not survive in a realistic film, you know. Otherwise, if all the good people lived and all the bad guys died, this film would be a cartoon on Saturday morning. There is another side to this point about people who do not like Yoda's death. Well, no one complained when Darth Vader beat Obi Wan Kenobi with new hope. (Many consider the new hope to be the best in a trilogy). Why was Obi Wan's death okay but Yoda did not ... hmmmmmmmmmmmm .... Another reason I can not believe is that people found that the Ewoks are gripping the storm being impossible. This is absolutely ridiculous !! I can not believe this one !! First, there are Ewoks in their original planet Endor, so they are aware of their home terrain because they live there. If you watch the movie carefully, many of the tactics that Ewoks used to defeat the storm were through the excellent use of their home feature. (Because you've lived in the forest all your life, I hope you've learned to use it for your own good). They had swinging chrome, ropes and logs prepared for these infantry and other traps. The storm was very disenfranchised because they were less than others and did not realize the advantages of the forest. The only thing they had was the blaster. In addition, it was not as if the Ewoks were fighting the storm themselves, they had received great help from the rebel gang at that conquest. I thought that if the storm had defeated a group of Star Wars heroes, the rebel gang, as well as the huge Ewoks clan with great knowledge of their terrain, it would have been very upsetting. Finally, if this scene is still unreasonable to you .. What about the movie Empire Strikes Back or in a new hope where there were wonderful scenes for a group consisting of just Han Solo and Chewbacca and Princess, which was shot by ten of the storm . And missed all the blaster while the heroes were in full view !! Not only that, the heroes, of course, were always colliding with violent storms. The troops must have a very, very bad target! At least in the Empire Strikes Back, the Battle of Endor was more believable as you had two armies that incited each other and not three heroes against a set of storms. Do not believe me Check out the battle in Cloud City when our heroes were fleeing the Lando base. Or when our heroes rescued Princess Lea and shot (somehow lost) because Han Solo and Luke were trying to get out of the star of death. <br /> <br /> The last reason I'm interested in discussing it (the others are just too ridiculous for me to spend my time here.) is that people do not like to reveal Darth Vader! Well, that was in many ways a major part of the plot in the film. Luke was trying to find out whether Darth Vader was his father, Anken Skywalker. It was disappointing that the film ended without Luke seeing his father's face because he was perfect. Through the discovery of Anquin, this was a symbol of the transition that Darth Vader underwent from his possession of the dark side (in his helmet) and to the good person was Enkin Skywalker (by removing the helmet). The point is that Annakin died converted to the light side again and that is what the meaning of the helmet removal scene was. In fact, this is what I would have done in this scene too if you were Luke's father ... Would not that be what you would have done if you wanted to see your son with your own eyes before you died and not in the helmet of a helmet? <br /> <br /> In another note, I believe that the subconscious or conscious expectation of most people is that the sequel should be worse (even better) that the previous movies are another reason that ROTJ does not get as many awards that you deserve it. I'm not going into a movie with this deception in mind, I always try to get into a movie with the attitude "Well, it may be better or worse than the original .. But I can not know for sure .. To see." That way I go with an open mind I fool myself into thinking that the superior movie clearly is not as good as it already was. <br /> <br /> I'm not sure who criticizes these films, but I have asked many college and college students about them is their favorite Star Wars movie and they tell me all (except for one person who said the new hope is their favorite) is ROTJ. I think the results in these surveys are terrible and very misleading. <br /> <br /> In summary, the return of the Jedi was the best in a trilogy. This film was the only one of the three who kept me on alert for 135 minutes. There was no moment of boredom because each scene was exciting, surprising or all of the above. For example, the emotional light saber battle between Luke and his father at ROTJ was better than the battle at Empire Strikes Back on any day !!! <br /> <br /> Finally, I hope people will go to see Phantom Menace with an open mind because if fans start looking for inaccurate details (or consider them "just another supplement") to move the trash from the movie like "This movie stinks because Luke Not in it! " Then this interesting film will become another amazing film that will be ridiculed like ROTJ, which unfortunately suffered. <br /> <br />
