I remember this film especially when I was a teenager. My best friend told me everything about this film and how I scared her as a child. Of course I was suffering from bloody thirst, I had to go out and find this movie. Now I do not know how to put this without losing credibility, so I'll just say it, I really enjoyed watching this movie! I know it's stupid, not the best story and more bloody and heinous, but that's what I was looking for. The Dentist offers horror, blood, sex and insane psychics. Sometimes, I just need a fun movie like this to give up on me. "<br /> <br /> Dr. Alan Winston is obsessed with order and cleanliness On the anniversary of his marriage, his wife, Brooke, has sex with their dirty man, died In his dental practice, the first patient at Finston for the day is young Judy Saunders, The first is dentistry, and Finney begins to clean Judy's teeth - everything goes smoothly in the beginning, to imagine that Judy's teeth are brown and rotten, his tooth is slipping, Judy stabs his gums, and Judy's mother picks up her child as he cries and bleeds and leaves angrily. His second patient, Miss April, alone with April, Feinstone anesthetized with nitrous oxide so that he could fill the cavity in As she drifts into the subconscious, Finston imagines that she has turned to his wife, begins kissing her and cuddling her on the dental chair, and then begins to choke her in. April begins to cough and wakes up half of the gas. Later that night, Brock met with Feinston in his practice, revealing the new Italian patient's room under the title of the opera, encouraging Brock to experiment with the dental chair in the room. When she does, Finston ties her to the chair and anesthetizes her with nitrous oxide. With the operatic music in the background, he begins pulling out Brock's teeth. Fineston has ended the deep end and certainly will not allow anyone to stand in his way of cleanliness. <br /> <br /> Frankly, silently, as this movie seems, I enjoyed watching The Dentist. The best scene is undoubtedly when the IRS agent knows that a bad lesson in hygiene I am sure he will never forget. Man, I do not think I cleaned my teeth too much after I saw the dentist. Yes, I will warn you, this film is by no means a faint heart, it is very bloody. There are stabs, gunshots and scenes of brutal tooth torture that will make your stomach turn. However, I enjoyed this movie one way or the other, if I just wanted a good movie produced for real horror fans, you inserted it into my DVD player, and that is "LOL"! I am very funny! Um, yes, I try, give me a little credit. <br /> <br /> 7/10
