After seeing his wife (Linda Hoffman) get involved in sexual acts with the boy of the pond, the somewhat unstable dentist, Dr. Finston (Corbin Brensen) settles down, which means deep trouble for his patients. <br /> <br /> - The flick of the original and amusing horror of director Brian Yozna was a welcome change in the pace of the usual horror of the late 1990s. Although the movie "Dentist" is intended to be a delightful little movie, Yuzna ensures that the film offers the shocks and excitement that many of the most serious films are trying to dispense with. Although suffering to a certain extent from the lack of background on the central characters, and thus allowing the events that were supposed to occur in two days, but the film is interesting and well written and goes well and allows the viewer to maintain interest, even during the most ridiculous moments. ?? The Dentist 'suffers, at times, from traction but unlike the inferior 1998 sequel, there are only interesting intermittent moments, and generally the film follows itself admirably. <br /> <br /> Corbin Berenson was very convincing of the sadistic, misguided and perfect role of Dr. Alan Finston. The way in which Berenson can read his lines in a reliable manner, especially with regard to sex corruption and immorality (especially the tongue), is wonderful. Although many actors may have a problem filming hygiene-free hygiene without starting out as a cheese or a very silly one, it seems that Berenson really fits the personality of the character he is trying to portray, and thus makes the film more enjoyable. The Dentist was not meant to be fun, almost a comedy, a horror film, perhaps Bernsen's performance was more powerful. Unfortunately, the rest of the actors (including Mark Ruffalo before fame) failed to make very good performances and although the film was not really hurt because of this, strong performances have added more credibility to the click. <br /> </ p> <p> The Dentist 'is not a horror film meant to be taken seriously, but it is certainly fun, especially (I suppose) for the horror lovers. Those who became distressed by the number of clones in the late 1990s may find this change quite refreshing, as it did. The boring and dangerous script in general, along with some ingenious trends, make the dentist one of the most delightful cheeses since the 1990s. Moreover, we offer some particularly realistic scenes of Sunni torture, which must keep most of the wound happy. Far from being perfect but far from bad too, ?? The Dentist is a click that is well worth seeing at least once. My rating for ?? The Dentist '?? 6.5 / 10.
