The main theme in this dirty Harry is that revenge is the best dish that offers cold. Sandra Locke is cool in this film because she is beautiful. Locke is usually "8", but with a lethal pistol in her bag, "cocking" the bad guys, climbing all the way to "10". After being gang raped, with her younger sister, a few years ago, Locke, as Jennifer Spencer, tried to prevent the attack from her life as much as possible. Her sister, though, is almost a coma as a result of the shock, so the memory is not far from her mind. One day, Jennifer sees one of her assailants on the street in SF; she buys a gun, follows him in a bar, lets him catch them, and then when they are alone in his Cadillac, they begin to make love, shoot him .... Once in the genitals , Once in the brain - - this in the opening scene !! I gotta love this brave lady. She has got her priorities straight. In addition, Jennifer is a professional artist, and has put her anger on canvas so far. After being executed for the first time, Jennifer Deet watches with curiosity. Inspector. Harry Callahan is processing the new crime scene after the body was found in the can. Then she slams some of the ravenous teen-age girls who rattle the street, visits her sister in a nursing home, and then hunts in San Paolo, California, "over the coast" where the rape took place years ago. With more bullets in her bag and more resolve in her mind, the heroine of the rape is recaptured inside her head with a living reminder, approaching the execution of each subsequent rapist. It is not uncommon for us rightists, when it comes to judging or executing a violent criminal, do not grieve for his miserable humanity. We remember the crime and the suffering he committed. Such events that were called from the Jennifer steel pulls the trigger on both attackers - once in the genitals, once in the brain. Throughout the film, scenes of reprisals from Jennifer interspersed with good pictures, IL 'Dirty Harry exploding some gangs in the cafe, remembering "Go ahead. Later, he threatened to run a punk child (who had insulted Calahan only) in one of the court elevators as if he were stepping on dogs ** leaving a small government employee staring after Clint as if to say "I want to have your baby." My favorite scene is just about 30 minutes of action, when Harry threatens and frightens the deadly Mafia boss named Threlkis at the killer crown during his granddaughter's wedding at the Mark Hopkins Hotel. Pantangeli in Godfather II performs a great work like the Mafia without sin, even if it is in only one scene, and dies in the most convincing way. However, Harry's problems are not over yet! Both the AND AND Threlkis gang of evil elevators are trying to assassinate Harry in two connected scenes, most of them villains ending up dying horribly. Yes, some of the play appears as an unseen screen violence .... It seems that Clint had released it that day from filming this film. But, there are only many ways in which you can send a man dead. The evil children die more creatively, because they burn to death and drown in S.F. bay. My heart is warm. With a lot of violent intent directed to Insp. Kalahan, his captors send him to Sao Paulo to try to get some information about the "killing of 22 shots of vasectomy", where the crime of Jennifer Spencer is now known, but not before Harry delivered one of his famous speeches. Liberals. I love Harry. At a time when our hero is harassing the police and locals in Sao Paulo, two new operations, the same murder, have occurred on a lazy, lazy fisherman and an annoying businessman. Then Harry meets Jennifer! They found that they both agreed on subjects such as law and order, guilt payment, and so on. Could it be a hot love scene soon? He led us to believe it. Many real-man characters meet with Real-Woman crime drama, and meet a copper bull wrestler named Ray Parkins who is annoying and fun. Ray raped Jennifer "to her boyfriend" years ago, and will eventually get her salary. Sang Paolo's police chief, Pat Hingle, a partner in Eastwood (the hanging judge in 'Hang Em High'), contrasts strangely with Calahan's detective work on the 22-year-old flower until he discovers that his country was the teenage son of the gang of rapists. Like Jennifer's sister, the son of Chef Ganneng is now an adult coma, but angry at the guilt. Can not end here, though. Mick, a rapist's friend in the dam, is now a strange jerk of a criminal, driving from Vegas, because Ray spent his year on Jennifer, and summoned him to Sao Paulo to prevent further executions. Mick sleeps at Raye's house, but his timing is wrong, and he is arrested before he can spend more time with Raye, largely due to the fact that she has since been sent to Lesboes Lesboes Island with a bullet from the Jennifer pistol. Sicko Mick made bail in the end, with Jennifer firing him. This was followed by a desperate chase, as Harry tries to prevent the two from killing each other. Everything ended well in the end, where there was a good man and a good guy walking in the sunset together for a beautiful song from the songs of Roberta Flack.
