Despite the feelings of most fans of "Star Wars", in my opinion "The Return of the Jedi" is the greatest film ever created. Since the first time I saw it, I was overwhelmed by depth, intensity, special effects and touching story. The film has been well positioned to test time over the past 20 years. Filled with a powerful movement, as an original three-point climax, George Lucas gives us an exciting end to the epic "Star Wars" in Gedi. <br /> <br /> Synopsis of "The Empire Strikes Back" (The spoilers for those who did not do so) <br /> <br /> After a long 3-year suspension, we finally found the end of the story. "Return of The Jedi". Darth Vader, in a state of emotional disarray, is in a surprise visit to the unfinished new death star to oversee its construction. The emperor was first seen in this film because he has the final plan to destroy the rebel alliance and bring the young Sky Skywalker to the dark side. Luke, Lando, Leia, Chewie and Droids travel to Tatooine to rescue the frozen Han Solo from the crime of Lord; After the Han was rescued, and Gaba defeated, Luke returned to the spook to find a dead Yuda learning the terrible truth; Darth Vader is actually his father. Rebel heroes gathered with the rebel fleet. The rebels, who have now joined other species and races, including Mon Calamari, must develop a plan of attack in order to destroy the star of death before its completion. While Lando is leading the space attack at Millennium Falcon, Rebel heroes must disable the Star Star star shield on the Moon of Endor forest. It is here that the rebels occur on the furry, but the mighty Ewoks. During the sharp battle of the two parts, a third battle must take place, with Luke willingly handing over to Vedder in an attempt to persuade him to leave the dark side. In an emotionally charged sequence, Luke must face his father as the Emperor draws his dark emotions. As Skywalker confronts Palpatine's death, Vader turns to his evil master to save his son's life. <br /> <br /> Filled with a deep story of good vs. evil, "The Return of the Jedi" is a stunning, emotionally charged film that brings back the good in us all.
