When it was originally released, it was promoted as "Dirty Harry is it again". All that lacks this stadium in originality is more than compensating for a complete and thorough accuracy. The "Sudden Impact" retains all aspects that made the previous three Dirty Harry films very successful, strong plot, strong supporting characters, endless firearms, and dry humor. Not only are some of these elements preserved, they are amplified - it is easy to be the darkest, most bloody and most public part of the franchise. <br /> <br /> The plot is a bit exciting: after killing the ridiculous number of Inspector Kalahan is sent on a forced "holiday" by his superiors to the sleeping port city of São Paulo. He was assigned to investigate the background of a recent victim of a murder who was shot in the genitals before he emerged from his misery (without a doubt) with a second bullet in the head. Early in the film, the public was made aware of the identity of the murderer - an artist named Sondra Locke, who tracked down the thugs who raped her and her sister at an entertainment fair about 10 years ago. This incident is presented in a very disturbing form of repetition, repeated before each new murder. As more bodies begin to appear with the same person, it becomes clear to Harry that both the local police chief and his new interest in love (guess who?) Know more than they say. To make things more complicated, the rapists realize for once who is chasing them and starting to respond strongly. <br /> <br /> A "sudden effect" provides unremitting action from start to finish. Clint Eastwood directed the film himself and experimented with a series of specific pieces that culminated in a delightful climax. The performance of Sondra Lock effectively transmits a combination of cruelty and fragility that determines her character. Having said that, it is fair to ask whether another actress (Eastwood's companion was not outside the screen at the time) has brought more charisma and dramatic weight to the roles - Teresa Russell and Cybil Shepard jump to mind as potential candidates. Among the team members who have made a big weight are Albert Bobwell as a partner for Haris Horace, Paul Drake as Mikubathi Mick, and Odieri Ninan who really steal the scene and imagine the evil Ray Parkins. <br /> <br /> However, the film has some notable problems - some sub-schemes (the antagonism between Harry and a gang of 10-year-olds, a mob revenge against him) take a lot of screen time and really does not have any impact on the bigger story. Their only real use is raising the body number to ridiculous levels. In the first half of the film, it sometimes seems that Dirty Harry shoots too many people to use a toilet. However, the film moves to a higher level with its advance, and the cat and triple game between Callahan and Spencer and its former actors occupies a prominent position. This second hour shows that a more abstract scenario and a little refocusing would give the "sudden effect" the possibility of being a first-class Nuer film, which could have taken the series to new levels but still contains more than enough. 44 Magnum Championships To Satisfy Harry's Supporters. Instead, we got the film that Eastwood and Warner Bros. wanted to be meticulously designed - beautifully executed but typically executed in the 1980s, which often refused to challenge the intelligence of its target audience. <br /> <br /> This was by far the biggest profit from the series at the box office and it's not hard to figure out why. Although it was not a movie that could have been, it is still very fun and enjoyable. Even after repeated views, you will make your day.
