In Dirty Harry's 1971 "Dirty Harry", Clint Eastwood captures a very unusual and wonderful cinematic, senseless cinematic film with his role in the detective film 'Dirty' Harry Callahan. Followed by two sequences, the first of which was "Magnum Power", adopted the politically incorrect position of the first, which angered many critics but excited the public. A second sequel, "The Port" was richer again, and was promoted as "Harry the dirtiest of them all". However, this title really belongs to the fourth film in the series, "The Sudden Influence" by Clint Eastwood, which is by far the strangest, strongest, most violent and candid of all Harry movies, and the second in my humble opinion - better after the original masterpiece. <br /> <br /> *** WARNING! Forward spoilers! *** In a small town near San Francisco, mysterious sexy lady (Sondra Locke) entices men to become alone with her. What these men do not know is that the mysterious beauty is the victim of the previous rape they long for bloody revenge. As Destiny wants, San Francisco's most dangerous policeman, Inspector Dirty Harry Callahan, once again arrested for his anger at his superiors, is spending his spare time in this tiny town ... "Sudden Impact" is the craziest film in Callahan in many ways. The film is very brave and graphically violent. Harry Callahan himself is dirtier than ever. Not afraid to take advantage of 44. Magnum In order to stop the trouble, Harry treats the "bad guys" because they must be treated and even allowed the person to flee with many murders because revenge killings are justified in his opinion. Clint Eastwood, as always, is gorgeous in the role of Harry Callahan. Eastwood is cold and ill-treated as a "nameless man" in the $ 3 Sergio Lyon, and has done so again in Dirty Harry's films. The "sudden effect" Harry gives us the dirtiest ever. His real girlfriend in Eastwood fits with Sondra Locke in the role of revenge beauty. The great Pat Hengel, who had already worked with Eastwood in "The Strong West Hang 'Em High" in 1986, plays the role of police chief of the small city. In addition, the film includes a wide range of truly stunning scumbag characters, including a pathetic criminal by Kevin Major Howard (known for his role in Stanley Cobrick's "Full Metal Jacket") and a woman named Ray Perkins (Audrie J. Neenan ), Is undoubtedly one of the most disgusting and despicable characters in the cinema. Albert Bobwell, who played the role of the bank robber in the film "Do You Feel Lucky?" Scene in "Dirty Harry" and the hardcore black leader in the "port" is also part of this one again, this time as fellow Harry and friends. In general, "Sudden Impact" is Dirty Harry's most disgusting, dirtiest and most violent film (although "The Dead Pool" is not exactly the same), and the second best favorite film after the original 1971 original. Indispensable for Callahan fans, and is highly recommended to all police thrillers and cinematic abuse. My rating: 8.5 / 10
