Clint Eastwood starred detective Harry Calahan in the battle, but he will also direct the fourth entry in the series "Dirty Harry." The "sudden effect" again like other plugins, brings its style and distinctive tone, but if anything may be more similar to the original in darker and unnatural moments (and give a classic line "go ahead. But some of the humor must be seen to believe. Bulldog? His name is meathead to urinate and farts. Oh ya. Despite the interesting fact, this entry was only one in the series for not being fully appointed in San Francisco. <br /> <br /> The story follows the story of Detective Calahan, who is trying to collect pieces of murder where the victim was shot. In the thigh and then between the eyes. After getting some problems with office heads and causing a fuss that some thugs have a crime lord after his blood. He has been ordered to take leave, but he is in a work area where he goes to a coastal town in São Paulo, where a similar intravenous murder (bullet to the thigh and between the eyes) occurred in his case. There begins to look for dirt, which leads to the idea that someone is looking for revenge. <br /> <br /> To be honest, I was not all that hit me in a collision with Eastwood, but after repeating many of the views I've actually grown so much so that it is likely to be on par with the first sequel "Magnum Power" . This well-bundled plot gives Eastwood another corner of action (although it looks more like the distinct features of the time), and it is quite literal with something that is punished but badly hurt. It looks as though he is experimenting with sensational touches with personality-based traits to help develop a ultimately emotional and moral framework. Its use for photos is permanent, because of its vibrant atmosphere. Dark tones, brood lighting? Like the scene in the end closer to some western confrontation of a silhouette figure (Harry with his new automag .44 pistol) moving her way towards the stunning prey on the fishing piers. It is an amazing scene that builds fear! Mix the cold painfully with a clear brutality and a rush of humor. It seems to bear fruit. The special dialogues with these films are dialogues, while I will not call the first class "sudden effect", they provide strong exchanges and credit lines are memorable? "You are a legend in your mind." Do not you like to hear Harry raise an amusing irony before pulling out his piece? The action of multiplication when it occurs is controversial and intense? The only way to go and fly speed with little in the way is the flat aisles. Lalo Schfrin will return as a composer (after "The Enforcer" and Jerry Fielding's record) and he carries an unconventional methodical kick, which still breathes those dark signals to a swollen pitch with texts that were clicked from the start. The mission behind the camera (where he did the disassembly with "Dirty Harry") gives the film a wide range by framing the backgrounds admirably in some flawless tracking scenes, but also exciting corners of the instruments at those exciting moments. <br /> <br /> Eastwood While the Callahan dinosaur is still packing you, bypassing that glare hard to accomplish the task, may show a little more heart than one would expect from a younger Callahan. This happens with a sudden shift in Harry's twist plot of seeking justice - through the badge though he does not always agree with it - I found it strange to have a real change of heart, and in contrast, he was performed immensely by his office at the time Sondra Locke had a role Trauma The torment (senselessly raped with her younger sister) is concealed by the severity of the glass's quietness. When anger is released, it is tactically accurate in its consequences. Paul Drake is quite a threat and dirty as one of the target thugs and Audrey J. Neenan nails down the performance of a chatterbox and a big mouth. These people are really an ugly group of taps. Pat Hingle is strong as head of the small coastal town. In the smaller parts there is Bradford Dillman and the powerful Bobwell Albert (regularly in series 1-4, but under different characters). How can you forget it in "Dirty Harry"? Yes is a bank robber at the end of the brand quote "Do I feel lucky? Well, are you a punk?"
