This latest entry in George Lucas's Star Wars films is often considered the weakest in the group. However, this does not mean that an entry has no value in the string. exactly the contrary. It is certainly not a leader like its predecessors and is sometimes slower, but the return of Jedi still offers much to justify the price of admission. <br /> <br /> The first third of the film, where Luke and his friends saved Han from the Jaba Hatt Palace, is a classic. Jaba, a truly disgusting point of oversized flesh speaking in his own language, not only makes a great evil, but is also an unforgettable person. This must be a nightmare to build this giant doll, let alone give it the spark and life we ​​see on the final product. In fact, what makes this sequence fun is the clever use of dolls for many members of the Jaba court, including the dreadful reincorporation, slavery and the dreadful Sarlak monster monster. She skillfully builds to its peak and pulls punches all the time. <br /> <br /> Things get a bit slower around Chapter Two, where Locke discovers that he is connected with Lea in blood and when we travel to the forest of Indore Planet, the beloved home of Ewoks is so far strong. Most of the complaints about the "return of the Jedi" that I have read seem to focus on these angry creatures, as they somehow disrupt the epic tune. I do not quite agree with that, although this moment may take a little too long. However, their leader, Wicket (played by Eric Davis) is an unforgettable innovation, watching how they deal with the technology of imperial forces with their simple natural weapons, providing a wonderful contrast. <br /> <br /> We reach the third chapter, though, the pace of action accelerates again, where we meet the Battle of Ewoks against the troops, and the Lando and the rebel forces attack on the entire half-new Death Star of the Empire, and face Locke's final with Darth Vedder and Emperor. Recent relationships with the Chiba Palace sequence is a highlight of the film. Mark Hamil praises his acting cast again like Luke Skywalker in these scenes, watching him as a fully mature Jedi Knight making it an unforgettable performance. Well, like the voice of James Earl Jones as with Darth Vader, he is only rivaled by the wilted emperor, like a crony-like, played with malicious evil, delicious, and frightening by Ian McDermaid. The tension between this triad of excitement increases at this climatic moment, which is clearly highlighted and clearly darkened. <br /> <br /> Star Wars movies have always set the standards for special effects, and works of art in RETURN OF THE JEDI can easily hold a candle to its predecessors. Space battle battles are exhilarating as always, chasing a fast bike through the jungle is a knockout. Of course, since this film was produced after "New Hope" and "Backdrops", it may not be surprising that special effects have reached a higher level of excellence. Representation is the classic Star Wars fare. Hamel, Harrison Ford and Carrie Fisher mature and delve into their roles, and Anthony Daniels provides fun moments like the C-3PO. Frank Oz's Yoda shows up in just two places, but makes the most of it. And yes, there's also John Williams music. <br /> <br /> Tell everyone, while the return of the Jedi slightly stumbles in the middle, the first and third acts gracefully present, making this a somewhat satisfying conclusion and one of the greatest comic stories ever. <br /> <br /> In 1997, George Lucas reintroduced "classic Star Wars" in digitally restored (and revamped) Special Versions, which included additional effects and / or footage as well as some improvements. Of the three, it seems that the return of Jedi has caused most of the STAR WARS fanfare. This may be because the musical Jedi Rocks at Jabba Palace is a musical palace, although technically spectacular, it is technically astounding that it disrupts the flow of the film. However, I loved the final montage scenes where we see the celebrations of victory happening on different galactic planets. This DVD version is more tweaking - we'll see more final scenes of montage (especially in Napo, where we hear sounds like Jar Jar Binks, "Free Wesa!"), And in the most controversial change Hayden Christensen Ghost of Anken Skye Walker in the closing scenes. Perhaps because of the disquieting (and unfair) fans of his rather shaky work in the second episode: The Attack on Cloned Animals, it seems inevitable that fans should place this edition alone. However, if you are watching the story of STAR WARS in time (and think about it), you are likely to react slightly differently. However, it is an issue raised by the fans, so it is better to be warned in advance. <br /> <br /> It is nice to have the Lucas version of the original versions of these three classic films, yet he stands by what he said about these innovations are the "final" editions of his classic trio, and when Star Wars movies are presented as one full epic (As intended by Lucas), it makes sense to maintain them technically and soundly consistent. Original films will always be engraved in our memory, but these new incarnations are just as much fun, if one can give them a chance.
