Director / Star Clint Eastwood "Sudden Impact" is an interesting addition to the "Dirty Harry" series - a mix of raw filmmaking and genius. They are modest and ridiculous in parts, fantastic and classic in other parts, with attractive speed. There are many echoes of the first film here - the scene of the shoot "Make my day" re-captures the movie "Do You Feel Lucky", one of the most repulsive villains like the first scorpion movie, a actor who played baddie back in the first as a partner of Harry - To name a few. <br /> <br /> Harry Calahan is still at odds with top management officials, still mean, still tough, but now he is older and wearier. His ongoing conflicts with his superiors are a metaphor for his internal conflict - the respect and sanctification of law in exchange for the desire to serve the spirit of pure justice, which is not always consistent. This "incompatibility" is the primary theme of this string. The first film posed a simple question, "What about the rights of the victim?" - (Does it exceed that? The answer to this film was controversial, as it paid a very interesting sequel to Magnum's Magnum Power, which was designed to draw the line between Harry's brand of justice and pure heartless vigilance. Dirty Harry, like many other roles for Clint, is the embodiment of revenge, protector of isolation. But this film returns him to the victim. In this case, Jennifer (photographed by Sondra Locke), who decided to avenge herself and her now helpless sister by mercilessly searching for the men who executed them (and one woman). The crime was committed. <br /> <br /> Without going into a theatrical presentation of the entire film, I will say this - I mentioned earlier that "a sudden effect" is echoing the first film - it actually sprinkles in a few references and jokes from a whole series (confusion over the name of the last captain is Example - a deliberate joke, I think). The relationship between Calahan and Jennifer is elegant - did the rogue policeman's hero find a close friend in this vigilant lady? Is it a civil or a victim defending its rights and distorting them justifiably? The exchange between these two at the end of the film is a hairline for the series, and I personally (as a fan) found a very touching. This last scene alone makes Sudden Impact a legitimate climax for the "Dirty Harry" group, the perfect answer to the conflict that arose in the first film. (Do not knock "The Dead Pool" - this was a relatively disturbing but distinctive film featuring Harry Callahan, instead of a movie that defines the character of such a film). <br /> <br /> This film has done well in theaters - Reagan's audience found that Harry and his ilk were very attractive, and the president himself moved a lot about "moving forward and making my day."
