It is strange to see a film in which some scenes are somewhat weak (if compared to other films in their heritage), while other films in a "sub-story" or a supporting story are surprisingly provocative and powerful. Sudden Impact is one of those cases where Clint Eastwood appears as a star / producer / director when he can be at his best, or at the time when dealing with a crime / mystery / detective story in his famous Dirty Harry. We get this line "Make My Day", and unusual in the first film where the "I'm lucky" speech was fun and nice the first time and the second time in the end as stiff as nails, and here it is replaced. He bumps into another biplane with the administration, as usual, when he tries to fight the crime "his way", particularly stealing the dinner (inspiration of the heart of the imagination?) And with a super-fast chase with a senior citizen bus. He was told to "take a vacation" and that was the last thing in his mind. This entire master plot is not very convincing regardless of the story's expectation and lines, which increases the frustration. But his story quickly blends into the sub-plot developed by Eastwood from the start. <br /> <br /> Enter the character of Sandra Locke, Jennifer Spencer, whom we will learn after mysterious scenes (appropriately) and her shy sister were the victims of severe and unfair sexual assault (sinful, direct rape), which is calmly resembling and concealing vengeance. Her scenes and story are the strongest parts of the film, the most intense, and finally when he enters the story of Callahan (getting facts in the same small city where murder is involved), the film finally finds a concentration between the classic form of Eastwood clearly defined for good ( Sometimes, to make sure). Eastwood depicts memories of the past, without much to say about them, expertly, in a new experimental style; the brand Lalo Schifrin brand is completely atmospheric in these and other scenes. It seems like a few times the sensitivity of the art house has infiltrated the narrative style of Eastwood's narrative, helping make the film famous. <br /> <br /> It is shameful, though in the end it goes even more to get the expected (or perhaps unexpected) points, and until the third chapter, Callahan did not have much to do except for his usual moderation. "He's Smith ... Wesson ... and I "Chit. However, with Locke, he performs very well (smarter and more touching than Gauntlet's performance) and an exciting climax in an amusement park. One way or the other I do not agree with Ebert's observation that it is like an Eastwood-style "music video" here. I admit that there are comparisons with the simplicity of both, direct direction, but the scenes in which Eastwood breaks are better than those in any music video. It's cheesy, hard-edged, does not fit the first two pictures of "Harry", but hey, there might be worse ways to spend a few hours with Mr. .44.
