After Star Wars: New Hope redefined science fiction, redefined Empire Streaks and redefined Star Wars, it is hard to believe that the third and final film of this trilogy could be as good as the others, but this one really Do a nice job. The first part of the movie cliffhanger, left by the previous part, is replaced with a detailed escape plan that goes hand in hand with the stunning thrill and validation of the first two films. The film then moves on to the rebel alliance and what goes on in the war. There is a lot of work in the scenes that prepares to face the recent confrontation with the Emperor. When the battle begins, the audience is already on the edge of their seats from everything they lead to, and this final battle is more intense than those in other films. This peak is certainly more intense at work than any other part of the trilogy, with the more vulnerable to rebellion. This is constantly changing between a ground battle between the rebel strike crew on the ground (including Han Solo, Chewbacca and Leia), the battle in space (including Lando), the confrontation between Luke and the Emperor on the new Death Star, leading to another duel with Darth Vader. It's really intense because the insurgents seem to be losing the battle that will determine the outcome of the war, and it seems inevitable. Although I think the idea of ​​Ewoks that beat the storm is somewhat elusive, they do not seem too unrealistic because they were more distractible that the rebels could use, rather than being a real threat to the future, although they have some Luck fights them. There is also a twist or two in the end that no one has ever seen, which may not be as stunning as the "Empire Strikes Back", but it still completes a very stunning trio. With the light tone of "New Hope" and the most vocal tone of "The Empire Strikes Back", this film is truly complemented by the combination of the two at this grand end. The special version of "The Return of the Jedi" focused on what was good to change, as not much of the original text really needed it. Fifteen years of technological progress does not seem to compensate for 15 years of deterioration in the scene of hatred, and there is still a TIE fighter that disappears from time to time, but otherwise it was good. Sarlaac's dangerous mouth was given undisputed mobile claws and a large head appeared in the fly trap, which certainly increased the thrill. Also, the disco was taken out of the Japa Palace, replaced by the original lame end with a huge victory celebration covering the whole galaxy, rather than just a small village in Ewok, which was the original state and did not really end a big story in that way it deserved. It's hard to tell which of the three films was the best, but since it's part of the same story, the trio is like a great big movie. Third, it must be seen for film lovers.
