The vigil has always been fascinated by the masses, for it evokes a feeling of swift and certain justice; good victories over evil and bad man getting his deserts. It is, in fact, one of the things that made Dirty Harry Callahan (as Clint Eastwood played) very popular. He has a badge and works within the law, but in his heart, Harry is vigilant, judging justice in his own way, which often puts him in conflict with his superiors, as well as the criminals who pursue them. But this is what attracts the public: anyone who is ever caught in a bureaucratic nonsense of one kind or another is happy to see someone break through the red ribbon and continue - even if it is on screen only. This satisfaction derived from the vision of justice has been accomplished - and quickly - is one of the elements that makes the "sudden impact" and the Eastwood championship very successful. In this series, the fourth of the series, during the murder, Harry encounters a faithful guard at work - a person of equal character, with one exception: regardless of his identity, he certainly does not have a badge. <br /> <br /> Inspector Callahan ended up on the bad side of the section in his own unique way and ordered to spend some time on leave. So he does; also can only "dirty Harry". In a small town north of San Francisco, Harry finds himself hit hard in the middle of the murder case, which is quickly associated with the recent murder in San Francisco because of the unique M.O. Used by the offender. Unknown, Harry faced resistance from the local police chief, Janings (Pat Hingle), who advised him to take his tactics and methods of the big city elsewhere. Still, Harry does not deter him, and eventually includes a beautiful and talented young artist, Sondra Locke. Gradually, Harry discovers a link between the victims. However, the inspiring question is where does Jennifer Spencer fit with the picture? <br /> <br /> Eastwood is in the top shape here, in front of the camera and behind it, arguably the best in the five. - A series of films, behind the original "Dirty Harry". Seven years have passed since Harry's last show (The Executioner, 1976), but Eastwood has once again moved into character with the facility and renewed activity. This definitely benefits from his presence on the director's chair, because he is able to restore the essence, not only his own personality, but the "spirit" that made these films very successful, doing so by knowing the region and establishing continuity that eliminates the seven-year gap Between # 3 and 4. But as with all the films he manages, Eastwood sets a deliberate pace that works perfectly with this material and creates enough tension to keep it interesting and from start to finish. The script, by Joseph Stinson, is well written and designed according to the distinctive "Dirty Harry" style; the dialogue is fast, and the story itself (designed by Charles B. Pearce and Earl Smith) is the most attractive since the original "dirty Harry" , Where they successfully seek to play on the personal aspects of drama, rather than entirely on action. The characters are well drawn and convincing, and of course, this is the movie that gave us one of Harry's best words: "Go, front - make my day ..." <br /> <br /> Harry, Clint Eastwood perfectly embodies all the elements that make these The personality is very common: it lives according to personal moral rules, and it is a real individual made of the kind of things that we envision as the pioneers of pioneers who settled in this country and made America what it is. Today, Harry distinguishes this sense of freedom and justice that we all seek and maintain, Ever today. No matter who we are or where we come from, there is no doubt that there is a part of us that wants to be Harry, or at least attend. "Dirty Harry" is a symbol of cinema, and it is impossible to imagine anyone except Eastwood pictured; for better or worse, "Eastwood" is "Dirty Harry", no doubt, just like Sean Connery is James Bond and Basil Rathbone, Sherlock Holmes. <br /> <br /> Sondra Locke is quite effective here in the role of Jennifer Spencer, a young woman who has been wronged and out of revenge, or as you see, "justice." She managed to achieve a strong determination that is weak in her personality, with a persuasive and optimistic approach that far exceeds what is usual in the type of "act". Even amid the violence, Locke maintains her focus on Jennifer and the painful events that have brought her to this stage of her life. Her portrayal is an ideal complement to Harry Eastwood and becomes, in philosophy and deed, something of his own. <br /> <br /> In supporting roles, two performances stand out: Paul Drake, like Mick, creates the best `psychic 'since the dynamic Andy Robinson filmed the serial killer in the original film" Dirty Harry. "With a very limited screen time in fact, Drake creates a disturbing, real, convincing and convincing presence, adding much to the pure net audience's response.This is the man you can not wait to see Harry take care of in the end, and Audrie J. Neenan, whose character, Ray Parkins, Low ", which can be found, are located in any pub in any city, a performance that raises a channel-level response And adds a great deal of credibility to the film, as it helps to provide this necessary sense of realism. <br /> <br /> The support team includes Albert Bobwell (Horace), Mark Keflon (Bennett) and Nancy Parsons (Ms. Kruger). From drama and motion, "sudden surprise" acts on the spread of justice which is a satisfying respite from reality; the ideal justice of an imperfect world, and this makes for a satisfactory cinematic experience.
