Who says that zombie can not be transformed into useful members of society? Certainly not the makers of Fido, who take us to an unprecedented version of the 1950s where Undead turned into a servant and servant of the prosperous middle class. Timmy Robinson is the American boy who has become emotionally attached to the family's new family home - a recently revived zombie named Timmy by the name Fido. All this has become possible through Zomcom, an organization of the great kind of brotherhood, and has found a way to make zombies (originally brought to life by radiation from outer space) manageable - at least most of the time. <br /> <br /> This twisting modern twist on the television series "Lacy" - perhaps easy to be titled "Boy and Zombie" - takes sarcastic blows to such fears before the 1960s as a socially obsessed match (here, Means the presence of more zombie employees than nearby people), the infertility of suburban life, corporate control of civil affairs, small town corruption, and family nuclear values ​​- all played in a beautifully designed environment of partly colored houses and lawfully landscaped meadows. The film does not hit the audience with its head with its message and does not engage in an endless glut to generate laughter. Instead, this is a small, low-key, polite and appreciative slang rather than full-gravado. Much of the humor stems from the contradiction between the quiet preparation and the rotten attitude towards death that new citizens have shown in society (Al-Hayat was replaced by a magazine called Death Magazine). Despite some comical violence, the film still sticks to the spirit of innocence we associate with both 1950s films and low-budget horror films, which were a big part of the pop culture scene of the decade. <br /> <br /> K'Sun Ray, Carrie-Ann Moss and Dylan Baker are both friendly and attractive as Timmy and his parents Cleaver-esquire (with slightly sinister tones), while Billy Connolly has accomplished the most impossible task of bringing A great deal of humanity and depth to the revitalized role of the body. <br /> <br /> This was what Lacy could have had for his friends at Timmy.
