Well, I did not know what I was expecting when I saw the cover of Fido, and frankly when I bumped into the video store, I was inclined to rent this movie, but nothing really caught my attention. But when I was looking around at Netflix, they advertised it as crazy if I liked the scary movies, so I figured I would. I was very pleased because I saw it, it was just a wonderful film, it was very fun and very charming to watch it. As I said, it's Pleasantville meeting with Night of the Living Dead, it's just a great idea, what happens after the big zombie attack? As we see in another zombie comedy, Shaun of the Dead, they enjoy making zombies creatures "good" citizens. It's a horror film / comedy that I've been ignoring too much, and I think a lot of people were blown away with the movie "Shawn of the Dead" to the point where it got the shoe. It's a great story and the cast was perfect and made it just a really funny film. <br /> <br /> In an alternative world in the 1950s, where radiation from the dead space was turned into a zombie. This radiation still afflicts mankind, as all those who die after the original contamination are turned into an undead. In order to continue living a normal life, communities are fenced with the help of a governing company called Zomcon. Zomcon offers hoops with remote controls accompanying zombie hunger control for meat for use as slaves or servants. In the town of Willard, a housewife, Helen, buys a coma despite the phobia of her husband Bill Zombie. Their son, Timmy, endorses zombie, and is called "Fido". One day he disables his collar and kills his neighboring neighbor who turns into a zombie. Timmy "Kills" zombie neighbor. When a pair of local wolves are blamed for the missing neighbor, they capture Fido and Timmy. Helen comes and saves Timmy and Fido from the bullies and tries to forget everything. Several days later, the body of the neighbors was found and the murder was returned to Fido, who was transferred to Zumkon where he told the public that it would be destroyed. Timmy learns through a friend that Fido works simply at a plant in Zomcon. Timmy began to rescue him by helping his neighbor with a zombie girlfriend in the hope of restoring Fido. <br /> <br /> I highly recommend this film if you get a chance to see it, it's very ridiculous but a lot of fun. Billy Connelly did a great job like Fido and really brought, unintentionally punitive, a lot of life to the character. I think the scene that made me laugh more was when Timmy had to bury the old lady Vido attacked and killed, and her last words were very funny. "It was not really nice, but you loved the flowers, so?" And buried them in the garden. Not to mention the neighbor with zombie girlfriend, laugh, annoying, wrong, but classic. I still like how this kind of "leave it to Beaver" of the world, but there is still a lot of nonsense in the film. So, if you have a chance to see Fido, take it, I promise you some laughter. <br /> <br /> 9/10
