Once I heard about this movie I knew I should check it out. Well, I heard about them, then found the trailer. Then, when I knew I had to see him. I am very happy that I did. Want to see classic TV mixed with zombies? No? Then lost. <br /> <br /> FIDO is a movie that does not look like anything I've ever seen. Well, in fact, is kind of. It's kind of like a lacy ring and a zombie movie. Although they are combined, they only look completely new and authentic. FIDO revolves around a small boy named Timmy and the new Fido Pet. Well, this new pet does not have a screaming parrot or puppy potty trainer. He is a dead man moving ... coma. A large radioactive cloud flooded the ground that led to a high death toll, which followed the zombie war. Despite the genius of Reinhold Giger, a major scientist at ZomCon, he discovered that if you destroy the brain, the zombie will perish, giving us the edge and winning the Zombie war. Despite the outstanding radiation, it becomes a coma die. Which can be a special problem with the elderly. Although Zomcom is again making further breakthroughs, especially with the domestication collar. Sapphire stops the zombie need to human flesh, making it harmless as a home pet. But not everything is perfect in this zombie Utopia game, breaking collars, and dying the elderly and ... well, I will let you see this incredibly unique click. . With all-star actors, the great writing FIDO rises above most in the genre of comedy / horror. There are lots of ridiculous and original situations that I really enjoyed. Despite seeing the film, I personally think the film would be better in black and white. In less than 90 minutes, the film does not last long and moves from one place to another at a good rate. It is likely to end up being a kind of culture, because it is not a funny comedy or even a horror film. It's a comedy / family / zombie movie in 1950. If you think anything I said here was fun by all means, check out this movie. But if you're still on the fence, take your leg back and stay there. 8.5 outta 10
