When it comes to creating a world, George Lucas is the undisputed teacher, and his final film Star Wars is very good (and more appropriate than two previous films in the original epic). After watching the Revenge of the Sith recently, this movie is really in its proper perspective. The final battle seems more familiar to Anken Skywalker by the manipulative Emperor. It also makes the final battle between Luke and Vader more bitter given the love he felt for Padmé and the love she felt for her children. In fact, while new films (especially the second episode) are inferior to original films, they are only good for one reason. It makes old movies look better. <br /> <br /> Mark Hamill performs an exceptional work in this film. He really brings the changes that Luke has undergone to look real. In all fairness, I think he should have become a great actor based on these films because he does a really great job. Harrison Ford is still good. However, you can feel that he has done Raiders and Blade Runner between the last two episodes of Star Wars because he seems to have grown a bit. He adds more comedy (clearly inspired by Raiders) to a character who works brilliantly. In short Han Solo is the best ever. Carrie Fisher was never a good actress but she performs a decent job and is certainly acceptable. Ian McDiarmid appears in this film and after watching the third episode, I can safely say that he is one of the most evil guys ever to succeed. James Earl Jones still makes a sound for Vader and is still very good. <br /> <br /> In terms of the way the film looks so safe to say Star Wars is better than any of the previous two, it has always been Lukas's luck, so this is really predictable. The final battle on Indore is made very well in terms of general effects and wise tension. It was also a nice touch that Lucas decided to conduct three battles at the same time that added to the overall tension of the peak. <br /> <br /> The only thing I feel is pulling the movie down from number 9 otherwise due is the Ewoks. These little creatures are so troublesome that they almost destroy every scene in which they exist. Besides, I find it young to survive a group of bow and arrow dolls that can defeat a squadron of storm soldiers with laser weapons and powerful machines. All in all Return of the Jedi is a very good film but the fact that Richard Marquand is a less accomplished director than Irvin Kershner, since the overall appearance of the film is less than impressive. Also George Lucas stupid decision to add Ewoks to the universe does that film less than sparkle. <br /> <br /> 8/10
