A year or so ago, I was watching television news when a story about a zombie movie filmed in my area was broadcast. Since then, I have paid particular attention to this film called "Fido" where he finished production and started playing at festivals. Two weeks ago, Fido started playing in a home theater. Just yesterday, I read an article in a newspaper saying that Fido does not attract audiences in its limited edition, except for our local theater. In fact, here outperform all the other shows at The Paramount Theater, including 300. Of course, this makes sense because many locals want to see their city on the screen or discover themselves wandering around the zombie makeup. For any other locals who have not seen Fido yet but are thinking about it, I can say that there are many images on the screen, from school to city park to the forbidden area, which you will recognize. In fact, they make the Okanagan Valley look beautiful. This is a beautiful scene in a zombie movie! However, Fido himself is a very good film. Yes, despite its drawbacks, it is best that most of the other 20 movies are played in my local market. Fido is best described as an episode of Lassie where the collie was replaced by a member of the undead. This is a smart hypothesis. The film goes even further by taking advantage of the emphasis in the 1950s on conformity and playing paranoia during the Cold War that led to McCarthyism. Moreover, it depends on the idea that he can be tamed or trained zombie presented by George Romero for the first time on the Day of the Dead. <br /> <br /> Cason Ray plays the role of a little boy in the town with his mother (Carrie Anne Moss) longing for a zombie maid so she can be like all other home wives on her block. However, his father (Dylan Becker) opposes the idea because one day he was forced to kill the zombie father. In the end, the family got a coma called 'Fido' (played by Billy Connolly), and adapted to life with the undead. Billy Connolly was inspired by casting. He is able to convey the confusion of fido, lust, hatred, loyalty through only his eyes, body shivers, and grunts. Connolly explains that he can play characters less than his hideous comedy characters. This is his best role since Mrs. Brown. <br /> <br /> Fido follows in the footsteps of the last Zumkums such as Shaun of Dede and Zombie Honeymoon. As someone who appreciates Bruce Campbell and Misty Mundae films more than Eli Roth and Jigsaw, I prefer humor in my horror. However, I understand criticism of horror fans who feel that there is not enough "unjustified massacre" in Fido. However, I am sure that young viewers will get rewarded from the nice humor of the movies. <br /> <br /> The film crashes in its third work. It seems as if the book ended with the domesticated zombie hypothesis of the 1950s, they forgot the story of the arch. However, given my interest in comedy horror and my appreciation of seeing the neighborhood on the screen, Vido was held 9 out of 10.
