I assume that the final curse of attending the Toronto Film Festival is the timeline for the date of your release. Frankly, I am glad that Fido has been selected for distribution in the United States. In any case ... <br /> <br /> Have you seen the dead Shaun? Hassan. What about Lacey? Able to reconcile the two? Well, if you can be your name is Andrew Currie, the Canadian helper for the first zombie comedy under the title Family, or Zumede. (Seriously, this is what he called a journalism book in Toronto.) Although not violent or jaunty or British like Shaun of the Dead, Fido remains loyal to his roots: a dedication to old black and white television including Lassie The infamous science fiction pumped during this period. <br /> <br /> Fido's prominent titles (Carrie Anne Moss, Billy Connelly, Dylan Baker, and Tim Blake Nelson) are testimony to the brilliance of the script. The film explores all the implications of his hypothesis: a world in which the zombie was turned into a service because of the sheer number of them because of a strange accident. What will your new undead server use? Butler? Handcrafts? pet? Untold business? Fido addresses all these possibilities in a surprisingly sweet and elegant way, with many thanks to Connelly (as one of the zombies mentioned) and the young television actor K'Sun Ray, who sometimes looks better than Elijah Wood. Elia Wood was young. <br /> <br /> If you expect Shawn the other dead, do not waste your time. There are not enough bulls and tricks in this kind to satisfy you and will leave the theater repeatedly and depressed. But if you are willing to take a look at what happens to Shannon Dead when you jump across the lake, you are on your way to treatment. He thought of Fido as the sensitive brother, often beaten to the brother of the renegade loser by Shawn of the Dead, and began to drift. If you love (or tolerate at least) with zombie, young children, and a lot of deadpan spelling, the Fido is the right movie for you. If not ... well, you know the exercises. Just hit 'em square between the eyes.
