Long ago, in a distant galaxy, far away ..... there was a two-year-old boy only when the original Star Wars movie was shown. Do not remember first watch the film, but he also does not remember life before him. He remembers the first Star Wars gift he received ... a shoe box full of characters from the original group. He was too young to appreciate the importance of this gift. But years later, he will get what he has to this day as one of the best gifts he has ever received: another box full of movement figures, 10 of the last 12 he needs to complete his collection. It is now legendary in this boy's family how the last person he needs, Anken Skywalker, stopped producing and carrying him in the shops, and how this boy went for about ten years (until he joined college) in an attempt to track someone else and finally bought something from someone on The floor of his building to get a bag of beer nuggets (do not ask ... it's something from the University of Northern Illinois). <br /> <br /> I can not review Star Wars as a movie. It represents everything good, fun and magical about my childhood. There is no separation in my mind from birthdays, birthdays, summer and winter. In the winter, I and my friends were building snowy fortresses and pretending that we were on board Huth (I was always Han Solo). My friend's father built their house a tree kick ass, and served as a village Ewok. They also had a huge pine tree whose bottom branches were high enough to create a cave beneath it, making it a great place to pretend we were in Yoda's house. I am reckless and shameless when it comes to "Star Wars" and I think people either understand it or do not understand. I do not get the appeal of "Lord of the Rings" or "Star Trek", but I understand the wild flocks of fans that follow them because I am a fan of George Lucas. <br /> <br /> You do not feel the need to defend my opinion in these films as one of the greatest times. Every time I put it in the DVD player, I feel like I'm eight years old again, when life was simple and my biggest problem was finding out how I was going to track Anakin Skywalker. <br /> <br /> Grade (for the entire trilogy): A +
