If you like horror movies that contain a lot of blood, tons of horror moments and the rising and deadly scenes of painful death, look elsewhere. If you like the calm, the mood, the deliberate terror that casts blood in favor of the real sense of awe, Wendigo is for you. <br /> <br /> George and his wife in the world of psychoanalysis Kim and his little son. Miles are heading to the snowy countryside for a long weekend away from the city. On the way up, George collides with a car. The hunters who hunt the deer are not thrilled to discover that George has finished chasing him. In particular, the hunter Otis takes this personally. The family follows their holiday home, making sure to see it. He was spying on George and Kim where they had sex. They shoot through their windows with his rifle when they are not at home, allowing them to discover the ominous holes in their windows and walls when they return. When Kim Miles takes a drugstore to the city, Miles is drawn to a statue in a display case, sculpted to resemble a deer's head. A Native American man tells Miles that this is Wendigo, a forest spirit that has the taste of meat and hunger always. Miles takes the figure home with him, already haunted by deer death the day before. That afternoon, when he and his father were shooting, George and Milliamt were shot across the forest by barely a creature ... or is it just in shock, and imagining everything? Hours later, George was transferred to the hospital and Miles, still holding his statue, be it scary, dreamy or pursuing the vision, where Wendyjo returned. This time the angry god who eats meat - partial tree, part of the deer and part man - looking for Otis, which finally overtake the edge. <br /> <br /> Wendigo is a beautiful film, completely silent but of wind howling through the snow-capped trees. Well, so the monster itself has a false appearance, but a small flaw, more than to compensate for that real feeling of tension and dread that creeps through every frame of the film, and the strange background of the snow-capped snow of the country side. The performances are superb, especially by Jake Weber as George and Patricia Clarkson's temperamental and thoughtful as a beautiful but meaningless wife. They are a happy couple with their share of common problems, and the strength of their relationship and love for each other is what makes this film strong. Watching this movie is often like watching someone's home videos, so it's very realistic. <br /> <br /> This movie is not for everyone. Many people may find themselves completely bored, waiting for the hideous Lovecraftian monster and bloody revenge that never came. We can not be really sure of the presence of Wendigo, as if through the eyes of a sensitive child and also, through the eyes of a crazy man. It is a psychological drama rather than a horror film, but it has more than enough creepy elements to satisfy the masses of hidden terror.
