Kim (Patricia Clarkson), George (Jake Weber) and his son Miles (Eric Per Sullivan) head to the country for a weekend break in the winter from bustling Manhattan. On the way, they hit the buck and ended up stuck in the snow. Come a group of fishermen who were following the buck. Instead of helping, at least one of the fishermen, Otis (John Speredakos), feels mad because the accident struck centuries of buck. George, Kim and Miles are upset with Otis, and worse yet, we learn quickly that Otis knows where they are staying. In the meantime, the miles are given an Indian symbol (a kind of soul / beast that changes the shape of the Indians) by an Indian he has only seen. Is Otis a psychiatrist to get our heroes? Are there wendigos in the forest? <br /> <br /> I can see where Wendigo will face a number of problems that attract viewers. It is a fairly low-budget film, with frequent technical limitations. Much of the film, perhaps all this, does not revolve around the real creature. Perhaps the fatal blow to many people, has a very vague end, leaving a number of questions unanswered. If you feel frustrated by these endings, and you do not like movies that are designed to make you think about what you are discussing and what you mean, do yourself a favor and avoid Wendigo. <br /> <br /> Personally, I like movies like this. I usually prefer some mystery. Wendigo's marketing is geared towards those who want a quick and scary creature click, where they expect a big battle with a supernatural monster finally defeated, and everything is closely linked except the opening of Wendigo 2: The Return of the Beast, but this is not what this film is. Wendigo is more profound and poetic than a surface like this creature flick suggests to most people. At Heck, writer / director Larry Vicenden's character, George, recites Robert Frost. Frost's poem, and George's comment that Frost can evoke complex images and air through seemingly simple things, is the key to the film. <br /> <br /> One of the best things about the film is its complexity. Somehow, there are four different films happening at the same time, a thread of each character. In George's thread, not exactly the happiest or most nice person in the world, he has some problems with parenting. For him, the film is a horrific realistic origin for his life from bad to worse. In Patricia's theme, looking for a renewal of her life and her family. She is a psychiatrist who often denies the problems surrounding her, hoping that she will disappear and improve. In Utis thread, his luck was more than George, and George's arrival in his life symbolized the last "cleavage" in his psychic armor. In Miles, perhaps the most important part of the film, life is like a big poem because of his youthful innocence and his interpretation of the world. But this is a horror story, although it is a glimmer of hope, and events in the film give Miles's poetic interpretations a dark turn. However, when everything is said and done, it seems to be the only person who keeps quiet, given poetic expectations. <br /> <br /> Although the film is low budget, there is a lot of good execution of higher budget ambitions. Fessenden and director of photography Terry Stacey find some wonderful shots in beautiful locations, and created some interesting slide shows such as montage (such as cards, or wendigo pictures from Indian writers). There are also more interesting traditional images, such as the Miles nightmare. Wendigo was filmed and edited better than many large budget movies. <br /> <br /> Other technical aspects are good for the budget. The appearance of "Wendigo" in the end was useful to me and was appropriately ambiguous. The lighting was usually good - there were several times that the dark scenes were not as clear as they could have been, but there seemed to be a problem in stocking the films (perhaps digitized instead) or moving them. I thought the shows were good and much more realistic (if you appreciate it) than the majority of the movies. Although I did not really notice the result, it had to be just fine, or you had noticed it by virtue of a negative. <br /> <br /> In general, Wendigo is a very good film worth watching without any prior visualizations, as long as you do not mind thinking about the movies you watch.
