A great example of cinematic alchemy at work, with a mass of unsubstantiated compositions from the lead script (coined by the Hollywood hypocritical Hollywood mediator Schumacher, no less) is magically transformed into a selection of brilliant glamorous 24-carat gold The fast trend, exciting new shows, instant production values, the flair of New York's 50s flavor and the ring tone with the magnificent punches, rhythm and blues are truly stunning by the great Curtis Mayfield. <br /> <br /> The story, loosely built on the real-life exploits of Supremis, documents the difficult climb to the riches of three poor black-eyed teenage girls who are desperate to escape their lives. A rat, the plight of a ghetto is unprofitable and made great in the world of pop-up rotaryol music. All the obvious expectations of immediate wealth and success - such as vanity, destruction, drugs, corruption, the struggle to keep you safe, etc. - are well predictable, but fortunately the excellent, uniform work in the other parts of the film almost completely eliminates Schumacher by conspiring Flat. First class acting helps a lot. Irene Karra, Lunette Mackie and Dawn Smith are exciting, lively and attractive - and the big singers to boot. Michael Miami Thomas, a charming childish deputy in his role as a patient of the group, a polite manager, Darian Harwood in hiding in Makki, a dog friend of aggressive aggressive dog, and alternative breeding Tony Paddy ("Hell Up in Harlem"), "Packtown") as a seductively seductive, smooth and trendy gangster. The tones are indulged and harmonized from funny and moving to blues and dazzles without exceeding any rhythm, and skillfully evolve into a glowing and advanced poem of exceptional human spirit ability to effectively overcome the most difficult difficulties and intimidation. <br /> <br /> Veteran editor Sam Osirn himself is admiringly getting his first director appearance. There is no doubt that both Bruce Surtis in cinematography and Gordon Scott's expert alteration are flawless. O'Stern's strong understanding of the atmosphere of the period, and the eye is keen to get small details, but the fine details, and the sense of decentralization at the speed of busy and uninterrupted, is equally impressive. Do not fool around the contributions of Curtis Mayfield's brilliant musical, too. "Jump," "What can I do with that feeling," "Given my father," "My hands, my precious Lord," "I love you my love," and "Look at your heart." Incredibly, with "Something He Can Feel", which was later covered by Aretha Franklin and Ein Fogg, and clearly topped the highest musical awards as the best song ever in the entire film. The net result for each of these elements indicates the salient features convincingly illustrate that sometimes the scenario is not as much as it is done with the script mentioned and which in turn determines the overall quality of the film.
