Yes, I read this right, children. Michael Bae should have studied this film before making any of his "hyper-density" films. "Robot Jox" is better than Monday and may cost less than the "Transformers" crew that spent the Megan Fox personal trainer. <br /> <br /> Fortunately, this small mechanical jewel, originally known for being the film, seems to have been developed over the years by the Charles and Albert Band Studios of Empire Pictures. I remember proudly seeing it on the VHS during its early release of the video in the early 1990s, and although stereotypes / stereotypes in the Cold War era were out of date by then (the band only felt that communism would fall while the movie Sitting on a shelf waiting to be released, eh?), The B-Movie movie is still too small. They do not do this anymore, or if they do, they go down Bay Road and CGI objects to intolerable proportions. <br /> <br /> For those unfamiliar, here is Robo-scoop: we are somewhere in the future and after the nuclear holocaust, large-scale "wars" have been banned. Disputes between states are now settled by Manu Manu (or perhaps should be mechanically automated) by one representative from each side fighting each other in the giant Shogun and Waror robots. Whichever robot moves away from the battle wins his team. Gary Graham (who will later play the role of Detective Sykes in the television series "Alien Nation"), Achilles, the greatest Jock robot in market history (ie good men). Achilles has not been defeated in his nine previous robotic attacks (ten of which are the maximum number of battles before the retirement of "Jock") and at the beginning of the film he faces his counterpart from the "Russkies!", Alexander the psychic (who is more than other " Villain "bad style bad guy since the role of Dolph Lundgren notorious as Ivan Drago in" Rocky IV "). The game is called a draw when Alexander violates the rules with an illegal robot at the last minute and ends up not only embarrassing Achilles, but killing a whole group of spectators in the deal. The match is due to be completed, but Achilles simply wants to bow down, hang up his helmet and move forward. Instead of violating the rules of the spoiler by revealing more, I will simply say that there are a lot of twists and turns, behind the scenes, hustle, and other difficulties faced by Achilles and his colleague "Jox" before the Titans finally bump into robots once again at the end. <br /> <br /> I hope that this movie will not be a masterpiece of science fiction, because it is not. "Robot Jokes" is just plain fun. I will be allowed to have a slightly higher understanding than the average of science fiction films of class B, and although budgetary constraints sometimes make them known (especially in scenes that involve some obvious tricks on the green screen), still the best movie ever comes out of a factory Empire / Full Moon Pictures. Robot fighting scenes are done very well using the old school's motion / model techniques, and the collections and costumes do not look simple. Empire Empire and Stuart ("Re-Animator") Gordon took pictures of the stars in this picture. Unfortunately, it was not good for them (or studio), but we got at least a very cool heckuva film from the deal. Bottom line: If you want to be audibly or visually assaulted for two hours or more, feel free to rent a movie "Transformers". In the end, you will likely feel that you spent all this time watching someone else play a video game. If you want to get rock, sock'em robot a good time, choose Robot Jox instead.
