"Matador" is a dark comedy starring Pierce Brosnan as an elderly man endorsing a straight American entrepreneur darts happily married (Greg Kinnear) in Mexico. Although disgruntled Julian (nicknamed the "Nobel" paradox) seems to be a "strong man" on the surface, it is really just a mass of nerves and insecurity, a man who realizes that his chosen career has left him almost alone in the world and affection. So, on his birthday, he extends his hand to Danny, the man who lived his life playing rules and became strangely fascinated by Julian's "unconventional" style. In fact, both men find that they will not be in each other, but wish to become quieter moments and self-assessment of self-evaluation. <br /> <br /> Although the film mentions little "analysis" and "Midnight Run" to feel completely refreshed and original, however, The Matador "earn points for the complexity of its characters and the quality of its representation. Brosnan, who looks old and almost consumable, looks at Julian's role in an unprecedented way. He plays the role of a man who seems constitutionally incapable of establishing a serious relationship with another person. Brosnan turns over and is calm in a moment, then becomes real and sympathetic the next time. It always makes us unbalanced so that humor does not become obnoxious or old. Kinnear is also excellent as a businessman at Regular Joe, who finds himself stooping to the dark side while deepening his relationship with Julien. Hope Davis does a good job like Bean, Danny's devoted and loving wife, who, like her husband, finds herself fascinated by this mysterious and dangerous figure from a world quite different from the person she knows. <br /> <br /> Sometimes, we find ourselves feeling that "Matador" hinders us from something, and does not fill the depths of his position and his hypothesis. In the end, it looks very light, so little that it can not record the effect that should occur. This may be because this is the first film to be made by director Richard Sheppard, and he has not received his film yet. However, one really appreciates that he does not always seek the obvious and that he continues to focus heavily on the two main characters in the piece, rarely settling on a cliche or easy laugh. <br /> <br /> "Matador" is a small but flawed comedy entertaining in general and hopefully to point to a new phase of his career in Brosnan.
