Maria Brown's marriage (MMB) revolves around the marriage of a German girl (Maria) of a German soldier (Hermann Brown) at the end of the war. After getting married for half a day and a half, Herman is sent back to the front. To meet their needs, Maria begins working in a pub for American soldiers and getting to know a black soldier. I got a word that Herman died in the front, and that things are developing between her and the American soldier. Herman walks on them, in bed, and after a confrontation between him and the American, Maria was killed by the American. Herman confesses to murder, and ends up in prison and Maria promises to wait for him. The country is in a state of chaos; one sees people leaving everything they are busy getting a cigarette. There is a lack of food. In short, the time of survival of the fittest. <br /> <br /> This film essentially presents Maria's positions - those positions she allows herself under the circumstances mentioned, as a metaphor for Germany's loss of spirit after she lost the war, and how she began to rebuild herself. Maria, for example, had the next conversation with a street vendor (Vasspender himself); the saleswoman was trying to sell her an excellent copy of Clest, explaining that "Clest is burning fast and does not provide enough heat for cold." "This is another way to look at it, now it may be the right way," says the traveling salesman. <br /> <br /> Maria meets a French / German businessman, Karl Oswald, after her compromises in the first class train compartment. I decided to get involved with Karl, "You do not have an affair with me; I'm having an affair with you." They also bear responsibility in the company, after a period of time have full confidence of the company. When Carl says, "I suppose we'll just have to wait for a miracle," she replied, "Make the best of miracles and then wait for her." In her own words, "Mata Harry became an economic miracle." <br /> <br /> In many of Fassbinder's films he has attempted to expose the psychological processes that underlie social mechanisms (see Freud); in other words, he liked to point the camera to nonsense, misguided social mechanisms, and pretense. Maria's direct approach to this film succeeded in conveying this ideology. For example, she phoned Karl and when he picked up the phone, her call was directly to the "I need someone to sleep with" point. "Feelings that people have felt have never existed and were just a kind of feeling that we thought we needed to be active members in society," he said. He also noted that his films are anti-emotional. <br /> <br /> I particularly liked the scene when he met Karl and Maria at the Munich restaurant (apparently, Hitler himself often). Maria appears in control and Carl is slightly on the downside, as if the "lateral honesty" of Maria wears it, as if he is no longer quite that way anymore. "I have to tell myself again and again that I love life," Carl says. "It's not life, just as if we signed a contract to enjoy life, then we go out to eat and talk about food," said Maria. I think this also relates to Fassbinder's attitudes regarding relationships, and not to succumb completely to anyone. And why, if the main theme of most of his films revolves around "what is love in this society? A commodity, a tool of strength, a weapon." <br /> <br /> It has been observed that Fassbinder is typical of having scenes of Maria and Betty in expensive clothes in postwar ruins - with these clothes essentially the wrong period. What I think he wanted to portray here is those attitudes, when you feel bad, "you can always put on makeup and have a wonderful day." But Vassabender was not interested in perfection. Any errors committed in a movie can be corrected in the next project. Since he completed films (about 4 years a year) the way other people smoked cigarettes, it is not surprising that this film has some very bad scenes. Peter Marthsheimer, who wrote most of the text, said that Fasbinder dreamed of the whole scene with Maria and the American in the garden, at night. <br /> <br /> Hanna Schygulla is as wonderful as Maria. Mostly, just staring at the camera. Maria's words "It's a bad time for emotions, but I love it like that." <br /> <br /> There are different opinions about the end. After Karl's death due to a harsh attack, Hermann finally appeared. (Herman left for Australia after he left prison to become "a man again.") After handing over the certificate (made to her and Lehmann in half), Maria forgot to close the gas on the stove when she lit her cigarette, blew it and Herman. To me she obviously did it by accident. At the same time, it must have been shaken when it seems that her dreams are about to come true. She must have felt as if she was no longer the same. She felt as though she had survived.
