Maria Brown married in the middle of the fighting around her and her husband Hermann. An explosion took place in the building, first and foremost, and she and Herman were forced to sign papers on a pile of debris in the street. Perhaps this may be a cruel metaphor for what will come: marriage on the rocks, so to speak. It is an engagement where the husband goes to war and is held in a Russian concentration camp, without being satisfied with Maria's powerlessness and pride, which is still standing by the ruins of the train station where some return home, others do not, Hermann is waiting. <br /> <br /> The problem arises, as in Rainer Werner Fassbender's melodrama, and as one of his best and most provocative works, we see Maria (Maria Hanna Shigula, brilliant in this role) doing two things: standing beside her man, even if that means working In a pub for an American GI account, and even after you hear of a fellow soldier that Hermann died she will still stand beside him as she sleeps with a black GI and gets close to carrying his child (ie, of course, until he comes back again and kills and takes the rap to be safe) A German businessman (effectively sympathetic to Ivan Disney) and sometimes becomes a mistress and a rising star in the company. Maria will do whatever it takes to be successful, but she will always be married. <br /> <br /> It's hard to say that there's anything about Maria that's not wonderful. Money, sex and strength, all these become interchangeable to Maria. When you get things - a man who runs whenever he can, a new and expensive house with a servant, a secretary, a man and a woman, Money - others do not get around because they are already with a man or very weak in a position they can promote anywhere (such as the secretary, played interestingly enough by Vassbinder's mother). <br /> <br /> Maria is attractive and confident and all on her own, with an ideal life that conflicts with a life that must be made in the shade. She says that the two men - the American soldier and the poor old and sick - are fond of them, and at the same time will stick to these roses sent by the mixed husband and self-seeking from Canada, after being released from prison. She offers a personal profile that women like to overcome, but she understands where to come and go all the way. <br /> <br /> Fasbender uses this inherent contradiction, and it seems that the moments with Maria contradict the conventions of Melodrama (for example, Hermann walks on the gleeful and half-naked Maria and GI is just a masterpiece of the scene, with Maria's reaction not surprising or Guilt but pure happiness to see that there is not to mention survive), while sticking to his guns as the manager of this super-intelligent technology with the story must be expected. But it is not really. It is like a great metaphor for a country that, after the war, has not been able to move to normal. Several times Vassbender puts the radio sound in the background, and we see Maria wandering around her family's house, and her hustle and bustle is talking around her, the radio talking about divided Germany, about things that are still unstable, and about chaos. Maybe the only way to overcome that is the excess, or maybe that's just an explanation for me. <br /> <br /> It's hard to determine, really, under the sharp face of Schygulla and the eyes, anyway. It's an incredible performance, really, one of those performances that embodies the charm and appeal of the old Hollywood star with the dark morality of a girl on the streets. The most exciting is the contrasting fashion one sees in one scene when she is finally with her husband, starring in one of the super-lustrous black lingerie and high heels, and then moves on to the dress without thinking about it. This is the essence of Maria's essence, and her fall is a wonderful Shigola, a loving but somewhat loved figure who is loved by the men surrounding her and surrounded by her, sometimes in a single sentence. This is what Vassbender takes in the first wonderful part of "Trilogy"; although I may prefer Veronica Voss as a masterpiece, Maria Brown may be as good as studying the character, which makes women fluctuate and flip without losing anything.
