One of the most important artistic movements in the history of cinema was undoubtedly German Expressionism, the very lyrical style of filmmaking developed during the 1920s in Berlin. Classic films such as "Das Cabinet Des Dr. Caligari." (1920) and "Nosferatu, Eine Symphonie Des Grauens" (1922) were among the most direct results of this movement, and although the movement did not have a long life, its enormous impact on cinema is still felt today, the horror. One of the main characters in this style is director Paul Figner, director of the 1920s "The Monastery of Julim, Wei Air in the film Wilt Cam," as in his first appearance as director, seven years before making that classic, he was already making experiments with expressive film . This was the prototype of the German expression by the way, another horror film: Der Student Von Prag. <br /> <br /> "Der Student Von Prag" is the story of Balduin (Paul Wegener), a student who has the reputation of being the best duel in Prague, but always finds himself in financial trouble. One day, Balduin saved the beautiful Countess Margit (Grete Berger) from drowning in a lake after her horse accidentally dropped her. Balduin falls in love with her and tries to see her again, but soon discovers that he will have to compete with her rich cousin, Graf Von Schwarzenberg (Lothar Körner), who also wants to marry her. Though he can not offer it much, Balduin wants to be rich, and the wizard named Scapinelli (John Gottowt) enters the scene. Scapinelli offers Balduin an infinite wealth in exchange for what he finds in his room. Balduin accepts this suggestion, only to discover in horror that what Scapinelli wants is his reflection in the mirror. <br /> <br /> Inspirationally inspired by Edgar Allen Bo's short story "William Wilson" and the classic myth of "Faust," the German author Hans Heinz Ewers describes the story of "Der Student Von Prag," a master of horror literature and one of the early writers who Consider writing a valid script like any other form of literature. The book "Der Student Von Prag", written at a time when cinema in Germany is still being developed as an art form, shows a real desire to actually use cinema to tell a fully developed story that goes beyond the camera trick or series of scenes. Like most scriptwriters of his time, the Ewers scenario is still deeply influenced by the theater, although "Der Student Von Prag" begins to move away from this style. While his position was somewhat weak in the evolution of his character (especially on supporting characters), Ewers manages to create an interesting and complex hero in Baldwin person. <br /> <br /> While "Der Student Von Prag" was directed by Paul Figner. For the first time and the second film of Stellan Ray as director, it is very clear that these two pioneers had a good idea of ​​what cinema could do when done properly. The two young directors benefit from a strong cinematic atmosphere predicting what German filmmakers will produce in the next decade to take full advantage of Guido Saber's film. Figner learns many of the techniques he will use in the Golem series of Seeber and Rye. Despite limited resources, Rye and Wegener managed to create an amazing and very convincing visual effect (in his time) for the viewer with a reflection of Balduin (also played by Wegener). Already an experienced theater actor at the time of the film, Wegener casts great talent and tries to avoid the staggering style of the former directors. <br /> <br /> As Balduin, Paul Wegener is very effective and probably the best in the film. Surely his character is the only character developed by the writer, but no one can deny that Figner was very good in his role as a poor student loses more than the reflection of the mirror in this decade. John Gottot plays villain Scapinelli with a mysterious aura that suits a character like a glove. Little was said about Scapinelli in the film, but Gottowt makes sure to tell us that he is a force he fears. The rest of the cast was less fortunate, with Great Berger quite mediocre like the Marguette Contes, and Lothar Corner making poor Graf von Schwarzenberg. However, it must be said that Lida Salmonova was good in her expressive character and performed Fritz Fiedmann Baron and the excellent Davis Schwarzenberg, which showed the personal dignity of Warner. <br /> <br /> Given the films that were being done in those years in other countries and the fact that the remake (made after 13 years of this film) is superior in every possible way, it is not hard to understand why "Der Student Von Prag "did not stand the test of time as well as other early films. The main problem with the film is certainly its very low budget, because it led to the film being much shorter than the story of Iwers to fully develop. This makes the plot feel a bit ambiguous at times, or even incomplete, as if there is something missing in the narration (of course, there is also the possibility that the current print is already incomplete). However, the "Der Student Von Prag" is an early and very interesting attempt in a complex story of horror and suspense in the film, while while it was less important than other filmmakers of the time, it left a strong impression in history. <br /> <br /> As the direct predecessor of the German expressionist movement, it is difficult to deny the enormous importance of the "Der Student Von Prag" in the history of German cinema, and perhaps in the history of cinema in general. He may seem dated even for his time, but given the limited resources his director has, he is indeed better than most films of that era. As the film that began the Paul Wagner procession, and in the German expression, "Der Student Von Prag" is a must for anyone interested in this segment of the history of the film. 10/07
