1927, Hollywood has been on the map as the center of the film world for more than a decade. Now that it has become a multi-million dollar manufacturing site and the vertically integrated studio system has been established, some of those in the quietest neighborhoods of this filmmaking plant are spending time in self-reflection. The Last Command, while its heart may be a classic story of a distinguished man who was in difficult times, frames a tale within a dark look at how cinema re-produces reality in a homogenous way, and how the production process can be impersonal and merciless. Written by Peruvian Lagos, who has been on the scene long enough to know him. <br /> <br /> Taking the lead is the man who was at that time among the most famous immigrants in Hollywood? Emile Janings. Before coming to the states, Janings mainly worked in comedy, where he was a master of fun performance that was timely and fun, often as characters of comic power or superior to old objects. He made his entry into The Last Command as another, and at first it looks as if this would be one of the cartoons depicting Jannings. However, as the story progresses, the actor gets to his group, where it is very easy to see fragility, quiet dignity, strength and a wonderful presence at the end. Has never stopped being an opaque exaggeration (the tradition of German representation knows nothing about accuracy), but it always draws our attention through absolute control over every aspect of its performance. <br /> <br /> The director was another immigrant, though the person who was around Hollywood a little longer and has no background in the European film industry. However, Joseph von Sternberg cultivated the image of Teuton Kino Maestro and the invoice (which made "Von" by the way), and took a very distinctive approach to the craft. It is noteworthy in this picture is his deal with speed and tone, a wonderful example is the first scenes of Russian flashback scenes. We open up with a carefully constructed mess with a movement in convergent directions, in which the public becomes a part when the camera pulls out and the plug-ins push through the screen. Then, when Jannings arrive, everything settles down. The performance of Riese is immaculate and incredibly measured, and when the players around him begin to reverse this effect, it seems that just his presence has regained order. <br /> <br /> Sternberg appears to exhibit a hatred of violence, allowing the ghosts to occur moments outside the screen, yet indicate that they occurred with a flow of quasi-poetic images. In fact, he seems to lack full attention to work. In the scene of the prisoners' revolution, Sternberg takes an isolated and objective stance, as his camera eventually retreated to the flight site. Compare this with the following scenes between Jannings and Evelyn Brent, which represent a complex mix of snapshots from the point of view and intensive image capture, leading us directly to the center of their interaction. <br /> <br /> A character in the group, Sternberg seems to have been much like the cold and cruel director William Powell played on the screen, and in fact the portrayal of Powell may have been a deliberate parody that even Sternberg himself would have entertained. Unfortunately, this tough attitude did not make him an easy man to work with, as well as focusing his technical resources on his human resources. The smaller performance in his image leaves little to the desired level. While the classic Giannigs Hamming presents in the highly working Charles Luton mode, he does not seem to tell one of his co-participants that they are not in comedy. Evelyn Brent is fairly good, giving us some good feelings, but we exaggerate his appreciation here and there. The only performance that comes close to the Jannings is Powell's own performance. It is strange to see the gentleman usually for The Thin Man and The Great Ziegfeld. He plays a staunchly soulless role, like the Ninotchka man, but he does a good job and reveals a burning emotional intensity under the hard-hearted exterior. <br /> <br /> It was easy for The Last Command to annoy some feathers in studio offices, where it tends to occur with any derogatory commentary about the filmmaking process, even a relatively simple example like this. At least, I think many studio heads would have been relieved from the "behind the scenes" perspective, because they threatened the magic of making films that were still alive at this stage. As it turned out, this was the effect of the photo that Janings won the Academy Award for best actor ever, as well as the nomination of the best book about Lagos Peru (according to some sources, although the case is somewhat ambiguous) nomination for the best picture. This is important, because the Academy was a small institution at this time and the first prizes were ever more self-slapping than the Hollywood elite. But the elite or not, realized the good stuff when they saw it, and were willing to reward them.
