Zatoichi The Outlaw was the first production by Hero (Shintaro Katsu) for production, so this entry may be slightly lower in the series, although it is not generally weak at all. It tells of our hero coming in two towns, rival presidents and mysterious Ronen helping the poor. This group revolves around a story that includes tragedy, violence and little attention, all of which have served their skin on the unholy, unholy sovereignty that is one of a series of brands. It is a fairly predictable plot, rising unexpectedly, but compressed with elegance and interesting things. Ronin, for example, is a revolutionary figure that can not be justified, which disturbs the established system without being portrayed as a truly beloved or heroic figure. Zacchi himself makes mistakes or mistakes and causes harm to his actions, while the regime feeds poor exploitation. It is a harsh world, with moments or two more than expected moments of fighting, although things are not as exciting as possible. Shintaro Katsu turns into a typical courageous performance such as Zatoichi, combining wisdom, deadly skill, passion and a sense of great sadness for weakness, while powerful work comes from the energetic Renterarô Mikuni and Kô Nishimura (later to be featured as the " Hanzo) as key leaders in the film. There is also a good emotional shift from Yuko Hamada as a dark woman. The film is lost by a vibrational speed and an unstructured sequence of events. At least one jump is slightly volatile and the plot's strength is slightly lost, meaning that when things heat up at the end of the film, it is not as exciting as it can be, Sato Yamamoto Dealing with events or scenes Zatoichi using his innovative skills, although some less interesting gamble and the film accumulates in practice rather than really inspired, without the presence of vital characters or strong person from someone else's premiums.However, I enjoyed this, It has its drawbacks and is not one of the best serials, however Still it has a satisfactory dose of entertainment, good story and good doses of brilliant and magnificent brand Zatoichi mark. Recommended for fans of the series and the reasonable point of entry and fine things though were not really great.
