This is one of the strangest films in the Zat么ichi series due to its very unusual moves and the role that Ichi plays in the film. Interestingly, this was the first Zat么ichi film produced by Shintaro Katsu's new production company. Now, instead of just playing the blind swordsman, Katsuo is responsible for filmmaking. This can easily explain why this film looks different in style than about 15 earlier films. As far as the role of Ichi, the film is quite different because it is not in the film as much as usual. It's also easy to fool and in fact, for a while, do a lot to harm people rather than help! <br /> <br /> "Zat么ichi R么yaburi" begins by talking to Ichi with an old lady trying to take advantage of the blindness of his eye. Strangely, in this scene, Eichi says he has been blind since childhood, although in a previous film he says he was blind when he was eight years old. This is a simple mistake, and only a crazy fan like me has noticed it. This film is shown for at least six months, and it is likely to take a year - so you can see what you've said about exotic speed. Most of the movies in the series take place over a few days or weeks. Ichi comes to a city where there is a president (Asajuro) trying hard to be nice with Ishi because he knows the reputation of the blind man. The boss is very charming and it is amazing that Ichi takes it all evil. At the same time, he meets another president (Shoshui) - a kind of teacher for the poor. Shoshui advises people to abandon all acts of violence, and even Ishi falls under his education - abandoning his blade for months. The teachings of Shushui are similar to the Taoist teachings of China - nonviolence and accepting life as it is (good or bad). <br /> <br /> Months after leaving this town and thinking about everything well, he learns that as soon as he leaves, Asagoro shows his true colors - the enslavement of women, the oppression of the poor and their being a total jerk. Somehow, Ichi was responsible for that, where he helped Asagoro and considered him a friend. Now, Asagoro captured Shushui and killed many innocent themselves because of the evil boss's actions. <br /> <br /> When Ichi returns, he does not automatically accept that Asagoro is good or evil but he tests it intelligently. This thing with a scarecrow inspired and leads to a finale where, except that, Ichi kills the bad guys and Shoshui is released. This was a very good finish and happened in the rain. Then the last scene with Asagoro and the rocks is magnificent, although the beheading is cheesy according to the criteria of the current special effects. <br /> <br /> The positives of the film are that, although his situation is going badly, he is different and can not make the previous 15 mistakes (which often seem very similar). In addition, it does not end very well. The drawbacks (regardless of speed) are that some may not like seeing an unmistakable Ichi and that the viewer with Echi and the other blind men involved in the relief is very flat. They are tacky and ridiculous ... this is a kind of apartment.
