Gundam Wing is an amazing display from start to finish, each one episode is fun to watch. The story is Gundam's model fare, where the Earth's future population grows to the point where we create space colonies for expansion. Although the story was put in a completely different reality from any other Gundam show. It is a year after the colony of 195 and the corrupt government of the earth, known as the Earth Alliance, is violently taking over free colonies. To fight the coalition's control and the greater threat that will come (a sinister military organization hidden in the OZ, which later controls the land and colonies), members of the colonies sent five super-powerful mechanics to the ground to try to rescue the colonies from the threat that would come soon. These mechanics, known as the Gundams, are fighting OZ and are trying to restore peace in the colonies because OZ occupies the forefront, completely defeating the coalition and controlling the land and its colonies. <br /> <br /> Gundam Wing as I already mentioned, maybe the Gundam series is more fun to watch in my opinion. A large part of this reason is the difference between this series and any other Gundam series before it, but also the more profound and complex stories from the majority of the other Gundam series. Gundam Wing has more depth and passion towards him than any other Gundam show I have seen so far. This particular series seemed to focus more on personality and relationships between those characters than the battle of epic space. Now you do not understand me, this exhibition still contains many epic battles within it, and the exhibition still preserves the epic atmosphere enjoyed by the other Gundam series, but achieves this by making the story follow a set of 6 or 7 characters as opposed to the following only 1 . <br /> <br /> No matter what you look at, this is truly one of the most unique and fun Gundam chains out there, and I highly recommend it to any fan of anime, sci-fi or in general. The show contains some amazing animation and motion, but the depth and complexity of the story is what makes you go back more than that. The characters are well drawn at the end of the show so that you end up loving each one of them. This offer certainly should not be missed. <br /> <br /> A perfect 10/10!
