Matador is best when thinking because while one is watching, it looks very light. Humor is always medium in size, never funny, but never violated. The story is a very simple theme. Conspiracy characteristics are often recycled features, the bad, unscrupulous man in need of a friend, the good, straight glass man who needs safety in the life team, learn from each other and somehow complement each other's lifestyles. I also find that bullfighting parallel to the story is unnecessary, because it is just a harsh thing and the symbolism is hardly strong enough to carry itself. However, it is a really good film, because although he looked skinny and unaffected at the time, he did not. She has a subtle way of communicating with the audience. <br /> <br /> I think the reason for this slowly but surely gives the public something to take with them is that although it is a formula that is not new, so that most humor, both the main characters, almost the only characters in it, Identify them. Forget to describe it as real. This is not at all what I mean. What I mean is that although Pierce Brosnan is the segregated comic man, a separate comedian, he is firmly absorbed by the writer and certainly Brosnan, who conveys the breath of James Bondels' new breath. Greg Kenner's character seems quite similar in his separate writing, but he gave some very unexpected footnotes for a while because of the light film, but it passed us moments later. We then realize that the film is not just an analysis of this or the planes, trains or cars were told again. He really is saying something. <br /> <br /> The climax of the movie is the type that wants to be part of the excitement with the twists. But with his luster, how can this be the focus of the film, although the plot was leading to it? No, the focus is on what Brosnan and Kenner have to say about their unlikely relationship. Strangely enough, Matador is a film about regret and loneliness. Brosnan deals with loneliness and remorse every day, and although we do not understand why Kinnear is tolerant with the ongoing boycott of his life, it is slowly understood that Brosnan saves Kinnear from a more likely version of his own. Not as a means of salvation. The last scene of the film remains with me. I think this is where you finally start to influence it.
