Mobile Suit Gundam Wing is the fourth string in the continuous Gundam records. Unlike the previous entries that focused on large-scale wars, this is slightly different. Instead of the army's attitude to the army, this is led by five teenage boys (because they can integrate more easily than ordinary adults) and their machines, called "Gundams" Because of the metal alloys used in its construction. This leads to problems, since the alternatives are supposed to be destroyed, replaced by "mobile suits", which are tested on less destructive weapons platforms and "puppets" operated on A. Used as a necrosis. <br /> <br /> The full objective of this series is the metaphysical question that gives Gundam Wing an advantage over the larger part of the anime that makes it the way here. Especially as most anime is adapted from popular magazines such as Naruto, DragonBall, One Piece, DragonBall Z and InuYasha, all from Shonen Jump, now available in America. <br /> <br /> Mobile Suit Gundam Wing sets himself apart from most anime in the fact that instead of the all-out battles between humans who resemble more gods, Gundam is very human and seems to reveal the fact that they are rather exciting than melodramatic and seem to unfold events Across the chain safely. There is usually more than a series of soap operas that think that the best way to do a "small" fight is to take half an hour - something that will never happen in real life. Gundam leads this by making sure that everyone knows that the characters will die, the machines will be destroyed and rebuilt, the battles will be lost and won, and it never seems as if they make the works themselves cynical. <br /> <br /> But the magic of Gundam Wing is in detail, and what will be the series of animation will be grateful for their existence. Feelings. Instead of mythical prophecies, magic or exaggerated martial arts, Gundam Wing is a hard-boiled science fiction from a country that hates hard science fiction. (Note: The author would like to mention that Neon Genesis Evangelion is not a hard-to-imagine science fiction in real life because of the religious theme that represents the core of his series.) They love Star Wars, but they hate A.I. (the movie). From now on why Gundam Wing and Gundam SeeD were now in production for both Japanese and American versions at the same time with two vocal groups. The American fans have to wait two to three weeks after the end of the Japanese season to pick up dubbed or translated versions or even the revised SeeD episodes on Cartoon Network. <br /> <br /> The emotion is that these two sides are locked in a technically backward war. Heroes are those who defend the rights of wealthy citizens and aristocrats on the ground from a gang of terrorists intent on winning at all costs and all the costs that make up the heroes of Mobile Suit Gundam Wing. This is not a war, it is a "total war." Every person, every building and every street is the target of attack, both on land and outside. <br /> <br /> My only complaint, and why they did not get ten, is that in about three-four of the way, it's still dead for a few episodes, and no one seems to have changed. It's pretty much like the flashback at the moment, which is good for what it reveals about the characters, but at the same time pulls what must be between the project: Meteor and OZ. But the last two episodes and the overly dazzling animation network (in 2001-2003) Mobile Suit Gundam Wing: Endless Waltz movie are more than offsetting the recession.
