A team of archaeologists reveals a real treasure ?? Queen of Sheba. From Egypt, the crown will be transported via a steamer to San Francisco. But it will not be an easy trip. There are plenty of potential thieves who like to put their hands on the priceless jewels that are in the crown. Fortunately for all participants, Mr. Moto is at hand to guard the crown on her journey. However, this does not mean that someone will not try to put their hands on the treasure. <br /> <br /> After Mr. Gamble's disappointment, I went to Mr. Moto to take a holiday hoping to get the best, but, admittedly, for fear of the worst. But during the first ten seconds of the film, I knew I would find it more enjoyable. I'm a sucker of a 1930s-style mystery that has nothing to do with archaeological excavations in Egypt. And seeing Mutu disguised as a German archaeologist (imagine that, Peter Laurie played a German role?), The scenes of the beginning really attracted me. While the film could quickly move to less spectacular San Francisco, it was still fun. Dark, dark characters lie in the rainy night; gunshots fired from open windows that miss the hero's head by a narrow margin; complex warning systems that are supposed to beg someone to be tested; and the master of criminals believed to have died? These are the elements in many of the 1930's secrets that I truly love. Mr. Moto takes a vacation I got everything. Among the other rewards that Lionel Atwell, who was always enjoying, has always enjoyed, is a pleasant little part of G.P. Hentley is already funny, and back to Mr. Moto. I have already mentioned the camouflage in the opening scenes of the film, as well as Moto the athlete coming out near the end of the film. Moto is like a whirlwind dervish of activity as he pursues his prey. All this I have not even mentioned the wonderful performance of Laurie. In any way you look at it, Mr. Moto Takes a Vacation is the winner. <br /> <br /> As much as I hate that Mr. Moto must end after this installment, it is understandable when you think about it. World War II was just around the corner. After Pearl Harbor, the film with the Japanese protagonist did not end very well. At least Mr. Moto's series ended with a very positive tone.
