Julianne Noble (Pierce Brosnan) is a professional killer. Or "facilitator of death", because it would be preferable to call it. He is also drunk, a woman, in the middle of the midlife crisis. While working in Mexico City, he returned to Danny White (Greg Kinnear), an uncertain businessman who believes he has just named the stadium recently, but is not sure. They meet in the hotel bar late one night, having received very few margaritas. <br /> <br /> Sounds like making a great comedy movie, is not it? But it is not. Instead, the Matador is a funny and sometimes touching personal study. It avoids any distortion referred to in the summary above, even sometimes it is prepared just for shredding. It is a film that respects its characters enough to allow them to continue with it, without feeling the need to push them into contradictions of an unnecessary plot. <br /> <br /> Brosnan will probably be successful with Bond, but this is unfair to both performances. Bond is a half-idea, the product of all that has been. While Julian is a complete personality composition with his motives and drawbacks. He had been in his mysterious world shaded for so long that he forgot how to speak to another person. <br /> <br /> When Danny meets at the hotel bar, he sees the opposite: an ordinary man with normal function and natural problems. Envy Danny. Becoming tired of his life, he sees himself getting closer and closer to his inevitable "burning", as he put it. But when Danny opens up about the death of his only son, Julian tries to change the subject with a dirty joke. He is a man, as he put it, "running away from any emotion." Kinnear carries his opposite performance to Brusnan, and Danny White is infused with his unknown charm. It is the perfect chip for Julian. While the latter is brave and sympathetic, Danny is on the ground, with an eccentric tip. But also deeper than his well-known character, showing us how far each man will go when facing financial and famine ruin. <br /> <br /> There is real chemistry between Brosnan and Kenner. Is the most obvious in the three main film scenes: hotel bar. A bullfighter, tells Julian Danny what he is doing for a living, and takes him through a rehearsal of an assassination; and a scene in which Julian appeared at Danny's house six months later. This scene presents us correctly to Danny's wife, between (yes, between). In another example of Matador's respect for her characters, Bean (Hope Davis), rather than the panic of having a tenant killer in her house, asks only for forced calm, "Did you bring your weapon?" The script is not as good as it may be after another rewrite. It looks like two lines or two lines, and some jokes need more work. But in the scenes where Julian and Danny talk (and beans later), writing is great. The film does not feel the need to put characters in any strange situations (other than to meet a successful businessman, as a businessman attends on your doorstep). It only allows them to speak, gently pushing them towards the necessary planning points. <br /> <br /> There is a procedure, but only when it is reflected on the characters. A striking example is when Julian gives a post in Budapest because he continues to see himself through the range of his rifles. The rest of the film revolves around characters, how they interact, and how they affect each other. In the end, it is about friendship, even in the most likely places. At one point, Julian told Danny he was his only friend. It really means that.
