It is very difficult to evaluate this film. As the entertainment value of 21st century viewers, it failed miserably. However, for a film student and sound history early, it is a gem. "Show of Shows" was a film filmed to compete with the successful MGM "Hollywood Revue of 1929", which remains intact as it is complete with its Technicolor scenes. <br /> <br /> The purpose of all stars was to display silent stars in a given studio in speaking roles, and to show that they could make the transition. However, it seems that Warner Bros. has forgotten this and uses many verbs and stars that they did not even have under long-term contract such as Ben Turpin, Lloyd Hamilton, Beatrice Lilly, and even the March Band. Meanwhile, their greatest talent - Al Jolson - is remarkably absent. Even when you get a high salary, you can not force him to join him. Each movement is almost too long, and the movie plays like a dozen or so of Vitaphone shorts tangled with no continuity. The end is very long, but really fun with all the dance numbers. <br /> <br /> The most important part of the film is two figures from "Pingo Pongo" and "Singin in the Bathtub" and a number of numbers with Nick Lucas, John Barrymore performing Shakespeare, With Nick Lucas and Merna Lowe. This last figure is the only part of the film that lives in Technicolor, which is really very attractive. Reasonably, the players in these good works of the Warner Bros stars in the long term, so perhaps the director knows how to play with his strength since he was familiar with them. <br /> <br /> This film serves as a snapshot of a strange point in the history of the film - 1929, which was the year of the bridge between two eras - silent and acoustic times, the 1920s and the Great Depression. Two years later, the film itself was a completely different representation, with Warner Bros. abandoning the stars of his silent age and the stars they hired only to produce early musical works in favor of those stars that gave Warner Bruce his distinctive urban appearance. I Feel - James Caney, Joan Blondell, Edward J. Robinson, et al.
