Matador is a strange film. The main character Julian, who played with an unusual combination of magic and unbalance by Brosnan, is not your typical hero. Julian is a successful man suffering from midlife crises. After 22 years of cold-blooded murder, he finds himself alone and troubled. Thus, after meeting a chance at a pub with Danny (Gregg Kinnear), he gets caught up and starts a broken and confused friendship. Danny, the gentle gentleman, deals with some things in his life, and can say that the truth can be used as a friend too. The two communicate unexpectedly, and Danny turns around to hear Julian's story, even after knowing the "abhorrent" truth about Julian's work. <br /> <br /> Matador is approaching a subject that has never been quite heard in the cinema. Hero killer (movies like 'Assassins' and 'Grosse Pointe Blank' come to mind). But Matador differs in several basic ways. First of all, murder and delusion are implicit, but they are not already shown in any detail, which means that if you're a fan of motion movies looking for adrenaline rush, you might be disappointed. Second, unlike most anti-hero films, Matador does not try to show remorse and salvation from his main character. Julian's job is simply presented as "somewhat". This is unusual, considering that 99.99% of us will think about killing for the awful money. However, this unconventional approach may be what makes the film seem authentic. Although we do not want to admit it, almost anything could become worldly after we did it for a long enough time, maybe even murder. Do Julian's victims deserve death? Who pays for killing people? Who do you know? The film does not deal with these questions. The focus is on Julian and his stumbling into real friendship. If you read about someone like Julian in the paper, you would have a fleeting idea that people like him should be separated from society like cancer, but they have to watch his life, which attracts his intense humanity. I think the sympathy with the devil. <br /> <br /> Brosnan took Julian's reins very well and was very upsetting. It does not separate itself from James Bond's beautiful appearance and soft charm, but adds only the annoying dodgers to the mix. Strange or rude remarks in the middle polite conversations and sudden shifts from the charm of the slave to the childish fits of anger and the desperate desperate cries of acceptance. It keeps you guessing his understanding of his mind and how it will affect those around him. It's a little like listening to a piano player that occasionally strikes a wrong tone while playing, but works well. Movies Only another major role, like Danny, is not the same degree as the meat. Kinnear turns into a strong, if not spectacular, performance as a normal Joe Joe lifestyle and problems. <br /> <br /> There are no major shocks or mutations in Night Shyamalan, but I could not guess the end and I was satisfied. She has no deep philosophical or spiritual insights and felt human. She had no car chases or gun battles, but I thought the speed was good and I was never bored. Perhaps the only real message here is about the humanitarian need to connect and establish links with each other, and how these needs do not have moral preconditions. Even the killer needs friends, and even good people can be friends with bad people. It is a comment on the strange random world in which we live. Good movie; worth watching.
