Sherman set the coordinates of 1986. The United States emerged from the worst recession after the war, while Japan enjoyed an unprecedented industrial boom. Manufacturing was still an important part of the US economy, and factory workers were a good example of the "average American." The word "shrink" has not yet entered general vocabulary, but everyone knew this phenomenon. Bruce's voice can be heard in the radio, "Foreman says," These jobs will go, not back to your hometown. " Chrysler has just been rescued by Uncle Sam. You can see extended posters saying "Buy American - the job you provide may be yours." <br /> <br /> "Gung Ho" is doing a better job of getting the mood of the US industrial workforce than any other popular film created during that period. The film certainly has its flaws - some loose conspiracy threads and mediocre acting functions by everyone except Michael Keaton and Jed Watanabe. But the story revolves around the encounter of East and West: Hit Stevenson of Keaton embodies America, pervasive and confident from the outside but insecure. Kazuhiro of Watanabe Japan, on top of the pile, embodies a successful system, but wonders if there is much to learn from his Western opponents. The plot of the film, flawed as it is, simply provides a framework for conflict, and ultimately the synthesis of their characters. <br /> <br /> Keaton's acting casts a shadow over everyone, making the film on its own. Keaton has always been impressed by his ability to make lines that feel improvised, regardless of the text he follows. His character, Hunt Stevenson, is a lovable, energetic person, a natural leader with wise steps. But he has a fatal flaw common to many of us: he does not want to disappoint anyone. He will distract the crowd from the inspiring stories, and even lie, rather than point out the hideous truth. <br /> <br /> Kazuhiro is a mirror image of Stevenson: shy and visible, but also because of his Japanese upbringing, he hesitates to be a bad news carrier. The scene in which Stevenson first comes to Kazuhiro with employee grievances fully embodies the Japanese way of conflict in the workplace. Kazuhiro responds to Stevenson's complaints by saying "I understand what you're saying", but he will not reject his requests out loud. Stevenson misinterprets this as an agreement, and disappears: "Well, this has settled." (This is still a problem in Japanese-American business relations in the 21st century!) Ultimately, Kazuhiro and Stevenson face the same problem: getting the factory working smoothly, achieving production goals, and meeting its responsibilities to the workers below. In working towards this goal, each of them must take a page from the book of others. For example, the Kazuhiro family became more "American". He also noted that Stevenson thought it strange when Kazuhiro explained how he would have offered a general apology to his workers for their failure - yet, later in the film, Stevenson did just that. <br /> <br /> The accuracy of her is a little rabbit kitten, but hey, this is a comedy. If you can overlook the flaws of the film, there is a wonderful story about self-realization and openness here.
