Many ignore that this is not just a classic game because of the fact that it's the first 3D game, or even the first shooting game. It's also one of the first stealth games, one of the real (and certainly the first) epileptic games, a generally good gaming experience in general. Through today's horrendous graphics, the game takes you to the role of BJ (not thinking * I will try to write his last name!), An American P.O. They fell into an underground cellar. You fight and check your way through the tunnels to achieve different goals for the six rings (but, let's face it, most of them are just an excuse to hand over a weapon, surround you with Nazis and send you to waste a Nazi leader). The drawings, as I mentioned before, are very dated and simple. The least detailed of any 3D game released by a professional team of creators. However, if you can overcome this (some suggest that this simplicity only increases the effect of the game on you), then you get a good shot / sneak game. The game consists of searching for keys, health, ammunition and enemies of bombing (the former Nazis and the "enemy of the team leader" each season) of various difficulty (which grows as you progress in the game), opening doors and searching for secret rooms. There are a number of rewards after defeating each level ... it quickly goes you (basically, if you beat the "unequal time", the time it took to test the same level; this can be very enjoyable trying to beat it, If you get 100% of any of the above, you will get a reward, which helps you to reach the top of the game. The desired results in the high score The game allows (often but not always) two different ways What to play ... stealth or throw anything and everything you see.You can either jog or walk, and among your weapons is also a knife ... you hear running immediately after entering a room like a guard, as well as shots. With their backs turned to you, that means you can walk behind them and stab them ... Almost in your inventory, you can get at least four weapons and two keys ... More about weapons later. The game is unlocked ... There are only two types that need keys, and these keys are presented only at later levels (you can reset the Workman in the levels and re-arms control, health, and life result in each chapter). Much of the subsequent game is spent searching for it. Now, as I just mentioned, this game, like many of the period (late 80s, early 90s), depends on gathering more lives ... Personally, I think it is completely useless (it has been pitched from here on the end .. I think (?), From the next three-dimensional shooter and beyond), where you can save at any time you want and "using life" to reset weapons, health and ammunition, like starting a new chapter (which is real pain at subsequent levels, Heavier artillery). Now, I'll hit the jungle ... no longer move to the guns! You have to start with the aforementioned knife (which is silent but only effective close up) and a gun ... nothing special, but good to keep the ammunition, unlike the bad boys next. Your third weapon is the German SMG ... submachine gun. It is faster and more automatic, and is used by some subsequent enemies. Another one ... not less than a Gatling gun! Oh ya! Think of T2. Think of the predator. Consider unloading huge amounts of bullets in Nazi demons with such weapons. Everything is amusing as it seems. Most of the president's enemies use this, so be prepared. I will not disclose the identities of these major enemies, however ... that is to discover each player himself. The sound is excellent ... very crisp and realistic. When you hear the tears of machine gun fire, the gum metal glue of the door closing behind you, the Nazi screams or the German warning, you really feel that you are there, besieged in these dark cellar systems and depression. This makes me wonderfully in the design of the level ... As you traverse countless lanes, almost identical to the next elevator that leads you further, you are surprised by the suffocating mood. I have been on the move more than once (although it may also be related to a little sleep, too much moisture and unusual warmth ...). Although the level of detail is not terribly high, there is something wonderful. The remains of the victims, the places of guards and the innumerable Nazi symbols ... and the list goes on. The game is also very attractive ... Because its engine is limited to graphics, John Romero and his crew certainly put all the blood and courage they were able to play. What remains to say ... is the first of its kind, no wonder that this number is countless other three-dimensional shooters. Sure, the bounce arms and different altitudes (stairs etc.) were not found until the next entry in this type ... Doom ... Duke Nukem 3D was the one that introduced the switch feature of your view (so it simply goes beyond Left and right, add vertical dimensions to it), jump did not even come the third title, later (the first earthquake, perhaps? My fellow players, help me here) ... But all these games, as well as the rest of this kind, owe their existence to this one. So, load Luger, open the door to enter the cache and enter B.J. shoes. ... It deserves recognition, even (or perhaps especially?) About fifteen years after its first appearance. I recommended this to all 3D gamers. 10/08
