This film has never received the attention it deserves, even though it is one of the finest acting groups, and one of the most realistic stories I have ever seen on the screen. Clearly photographed on a small budget in V.A. The real hospital, the story center is Joel, played well by Eric Stoltz. Joel is paralyzed in a motorcycle accident and comes to the hospital wing with other men suffering from spinal injuries. Joel is in love with Anna, his married mistress, played by Helen Hunt, who shows early signs of her Oscar-winning work later on. <br /> <br /> Although Joel Ana's relationship is the primary focus, there are many other characters evolving in the wing. Wesley Snipes is doing a tremendous job like Rimon Angry. The most impressive thing is William Forsyth as a bitter and racist blouse. I think Forsythe's best sights are when he feels frustrated and angry by square dancers, and later, when he feels sympathy for a young Korean who was shot in a liquor store. My favorite scene with Snipes is in the round table discussion on sexual options after injury. <br /> <br /> The chemistry between Stoltz and Hunt is very strong, and has very intimate sexual scenes, but they are not galactic. The orgasm in the suite is exciting and entertaining. There is also another unforgettable scene where Joel & Bloss and the Korean boy take the specially fitted truck to the strip bar. It is really a comedy of mistakes as she makes her weak attempts to make the truck go to the "naked ladies". <br /> <br /> The story has become more emotional because of the fact that director Neil Jimenez is paralyzed in real life. This is basically his story. This film is real, not shiny or glamorous. Getting as much talent in the film from this small budget is amazing. I recommend this movie to everyone I see, because it is one of those films that improves even in the second look. It is shameful that such great work is overlooked, but through the video, perhaps it can receive the attention it deserves.
