At first glance, this movie looks like Keifer Sutherland 24 series of big screen. Focusing on the plot to assassinate the US president, race against time, and a lot of secret service agents, the agency under the spotlight in The Sentinel. <br /> <br /> But wait, the protagonist turns the character of Michael Douglas Bet Garrison instead, a veteran secret service agent famous for shooting the bullet for Reagan in 1981. SS agents were specially trained to "take the bullet", and this What makes them distinguished - who in the right mind will put themselves in the line of a bullet and a target? But Garrison is involved in the assassination plot, and must escape for his life while at the same time investigating his plot. All this because of his failure to test lying, because of the adulterer's noise of the first lady (Kim Basinger). Tsk. <br /> <br /> There are shades of Clint Eastwood's in the Line of Fire. Distinguished representatives of the elderly, Veterans have heroes with little historical reference, who took the bullet in their respective rounds. While Eastwood has a more obscure villain in John Malkovich, The Sentinel has suffered from a lack of a strong central villain, preferring to share responsibility for the assassination among many of the former villains who can be forgotten from the KGB, and the inside of the presidential details. With Douglas's escape from the law, he resembled Dr. Richard Kimble of the fugitive, who hunted the man who carried a similar weapon, while at the same time relying on his intelligence to deceive his fellow clients, which turned out to be very interesting to watch - despite slow processes, Is still the performance and naivety of individual agents. <br /> <br /> Keifer Sutherland and Eva Longoria, the leading 24-day TV star and Desperate Housewives, are giving up support roles as Secret Service investigators looking into Garrison's potential involvement in the assassination plot, and sometimes they appear to have filtered CSI pages With their forensic skills. The Gemini couple had a chemistry that could have resembled Fox Mulder and Dox Skolly X-Files, but unfortunately these two had very little to do here. We know why they are in the movie, this is to attract their fans to the theaters. Also, the role of Longoria seems unable to get rid of Gabriel Mama, and here, she has in fairly low jerseys (Sutherland actually tells her to cover up) and tight pants (Google Festival for his fellow clients). <br /> <br /> However, the dramatic look at the life of the world's most closely guarded and guarded detail remains typical of the threats they face every day, including following the threat of both nutcase to the life of the most powerful man in the world. It's thrilling and exciting game to investigate, with enough sub-charts to keep you entertained. But one thing, like most of the final motion sequences, has a loophole large enough to fly a huge airplane.
