Charles McDougall's resume includes directing episodes on Sex and the City, Desperate Housewives, Cower Folk, Big Love, The Office, etc., so it comes with all the credentials to make a copy of A TV movie by the novelist Meg Wolitzer Surrender, Dorothy's success. For the most part, he is able to keep this happy story about the sudden death of one of his family members and about how people interact in her life. <br /> <br /> Sarah (Alexa Davalos) is a beautiful young woman who is accompanied by a woman of her best friends - gay dramatist Adam (Tom Everett Scott), and the current pressure of Adam Shawn (Chris Pine), married couple Maddy (Lorraine Germain) (Josh Hopkins) with their baby son - to a house in Hamptons for a summer break. The group looks so pleasant that a trip to Adam and Sarah leads to a local ice cream to a pleasant accident that kills Sarah. At the same time, the mother of Sarah Natalie Swidlow (Diane Keaton), who has an active social life, but here invariably invites you to a mutual greeting 'Surrender, Dorothy', is somewhere else: when she receives a phone call that Sarah died instantly . To Hamptons where she creates her arrogant personality and her sad frictions between Sarah's friends. Slowly but surely, Natalie discovered secrets for each of them, and flourished in talking about Sarah as if doing so would bring her to life. Natalie's thirst for truth at any price leads to great changes between the group, and only through the boundless love of Sarah departing, all eventually meet. <br /> <br /> Diane Keaton is at her best in these roles that walks the thread between drama and comedy and her presence carries the story together. The scenario contains moments for good lines, but it also has a lot of fillings that become a bit heavy and camouflaged, making the actors clearly uncomfortable with the lines presented to them. Yes, I have told this story many times - the sudden death effect on the lives of those whose privacy is being changed by disclosure - but the film moves at a fast pace and has enough original entertainment to make it worth watching. Grady harp
