The author of the movie "Nekromantik", the second feature film Jürg Buttgereit, "Der Todesking" is a powerful masterpiece. The film focuses on a series of messages from a group called "The Muslim Brotherhood on the seventh day." The film presents seven episodes, each consisting of one day in one week. Suicide is dealt with by different personalities and attitudes throughout the message. It tours. Do not touch this movie if you like Hollywood movies or musicals, enjoy happy or even "normal" movies remotely or expect the film to be just good, if it's focused on theatrical. <br /> <br /> Noddy, Der Todesking's avant-garde approach illustrates why Buttgereit's films were generally banned in Germany, their native country, during the 1980s and most of the 1990s. Der Todesking does not actually focus on the characters on the screen, but indifferent indifference or depression is the life of most people in general. Buttgereit finds no reasons to continue life, but only reasons to stop, and in choosing how and when to die, you can also be King of Death, Der Todesking. <br /> <br /> It is generally difficult to categorize Buttgereit films and Der Todesking is no exception. The "Art Film" is probably the closest to the description each time by showing it to the same crew and the same cast. Der Todesking is characterized by the original way of photographing, creating mood and dealing with the central object in almost every scene. During a scene, the camera slowly drips continuously in a 360 degree circle while the person lives in a one-room apartment for a day. During another, Buttgereit uses the corruption of sound and film to depict the collapsed mental state of a man, while living in despair. During a third period, the names of the nice scenes, ages and occupations of the actual people who committed suicide are displayed on the screen and are supposed to call for a ban in Germany for this particular film. <br /> <br /> The episodes' films (especially this one, since the scenes are only vaguely connected) generally suffer from inconsistency, and Der Todesking is not considered an exception. Although all episodes have the same focus on death and its consequences or repetitions in all its different forms, there are very powerful rings. However, the loop or the two situations may seem like stuffing, partially draining the overall strength of the film. The super-powerful grooming processes that depict a decomposing body of preserving the film together and clearing it from more mysterious moments back to the state of greatness. The atmosphere is puzzling, impressive, very frustrating and sometimes disgusting - so much so that dozens of people left in the middle of the film during a theatrical performance at a film festival. <br /> <br /> This is a film that does not leave a lasting impression and I highly recommend it to anyone looking for a special experience and something they will definitely remember in the coming years. It is not recommended for fans of low hearts or time, it is a small film that really raises the feelings of the public. Whether it is confusion, surprise or even hatred, it is unlikely to leave you cold because of this, in my opinion, the best achievement for this small independent crew. <br /> <br /> The film's main theme, "Die Fahrt ins Reich der Menscherrümmer part I-III", was released in a limited vinyl version of 666 pieces 8, which is now very much needed. You can still get the classic masterpiece by getting the music CD "The Nekromantik", which I strongly recommend that the Lo-Fi tuning music in the film is dark and quaint, somewhat similar, and an essential part of the film's atmosphere, What you hear otherwise.
