"Like the first touch of pleasure and guilt, like flirtatious youth flirting with fascination and fear, like the height of opposite feelings," said a movie aficionado after watching LOVE AT THE TOP, the wrong title in the film "The Beautiful Director" by Michelle Deville LE MOUTON ENRAGE. <br /> <br /> Vincent Canby in the New York Times, immediately after the premiere of the 1974 film: "LOVE AT THE TOP, which opened yesterday at the 68th Street Playhouse, is a French comedy in 1973 faintly recalling a number of 1950s The 19th century is an English comedian about the rise and rise of cynical young people who own and possess ambition. " However, the big difference he mentioned is the fact that LOVE AT THE TOP is not concerned with the system of separation in English ... (27 January 1975) <br /> <br /> After leaving the assessments to individual individuals, of course, the test of time has Did his fair work. What can be said with certainty after more than 30 years is that we can hardly find films like LE MOUTON ENRAGE where corruption seems innocent, where communication seems enthusiastic to young people, where feelings are manipulated. <br /> <br /> For Romney Schneider fans, it seems pointless to point out that this film has to be seen, not only because it makes a unique show (as it did in all its roles) at the height of her career (9 years before her sudden death) ) But because they are particularly appealing here. TRIO INFERNAL, where the "forced escape" of Rumi's nice and ironic portrayal of years by Serene Sissy meets in its most depressing form, is said to be a film in which the brilliant actress is given a fair role. She plays the role of Roberti, a woman who became passionate about the story, distracted by Nicolas Mallet (Jean-Louis Trentigant). Is the one who takes financial profits from sensational communication relationships. This film can boast truly memorable and unique footage of Rumi and give her some of her best scenes. Rumi's sexual appeal is not forgotten here. <br /> <br /> Another strong point in the film is its implementation of content as individual perception evolves. It seems illogical that the director optimally benefits from the contrast: tradition versus pleasures, innocence vs. decay, real lust versus automatic relationship. Nicola has the most features that viewers may like or dislike, and may find them attractive or disgusting; however, these are the features that viewers should seriously address, and more importantly, the features that we all have to accept. That is why, one leads to a strange world, gently, sexually unique to the main character. Although he sleeps with many women, there are two women who represent a kind of opposite world to Nicola: Robertie Grotto (Romy Schneider) and Mary Paul (Jane Burkin). He manipulates them, loves them, can not refrain from wanting their bodies and the desire for money; yet, he looks at them differently. However, despite all this "mature maturity," it is emotionally similar to the little boy who plays a toy car on the table - a kind of "detailed look of the male mind ..." in a comical way, of course. <br /> <br /> Finally, there are very good offers, making LE MOUTON ENRAGE fairly low. Not only does the above-mentioned Romy Schneider do a great job of providing viewers with an unusual vision of her role, but Jean-Jane Birkin appears to be convinced of the role of the inexperienced young singer Mary Paul. Jean-Louis Trentigant makes it possible to see Nicolas on the right track. This artistic feature of the performances fits into the wonderful music of Camille Saint-Saëne, the melody that will knock your ears for a long time. So, regardless of some of the movie's flaws such as dated color, slow motion (sometimes), possible cliches (observed by some viewers), the benefits must be great. <br /> <br /> LE MOUTON ENRAGE, in short, is a clear manifestation of reverse manipulative instruments in life. It is worth to see a moment in the Romi profession, an introduction to provoke distress, a series of opposite feelings, love and hate, appreciation and disgust compared to the first euphoria and enigma ... But we are not humans, "viewers", film buffs built on such contradictions?
