I can not say much about California because I unfortunately could not see the whole thing yet (I've only been able to see it in the form of small parts of Fuse). But what I saw was so wonderful! I'm a fan of Brad Pitt but I do not admit that all his previous films are good. But this role, I just, his actions are great, his early personality looks very natural well, well, a dark stranger but you know natural for a habili of the kind I think. And Juliette Lewis's performance although I can see how some might be upset by it I think it's amazing. Unfortunately, I could not see the end, but from reading the other reviews here, it looks good, but disappointing. I must admit that I wish David Duchovani (sorry if the spelling was not correct) was a little flat but for him it was fine. His wife's character was the best, and I thought that her performance while not the best in the film was good, a picture of the eldest sister-in-chief. Especially the scene in which Early and Brian go to play billiards, Adele and Carrie face their scenes simultaneously. I have seen this scene at least twice now and I still think that acting is fantastic. One is due to the passion that Adele conceived after talking about being raped by the three men and how she feels about an early and curry reaction towards it. All I think is very perfect. I mean, maybe that's because I can talk a bit, I'm not sure. <br /> <br /> For Brad Pitt, who plays the serial killer we really see for one time; I thought it was wonderful. Some of the films with Pitt that I saw were medium or not worth watching. I do not think I've seen Pitt's terrible film at all, or if it's not because he represents other factors. This film was not one of them. It turned out to be a great performance in California. I swear I'm not just a random person I liked because he's acting not only because he's a good-looking person, I mean his character in this film is not handsome or pleasant in any way! The house is dark, taut and sometimes scary. However, he is also delightful, funny, gentle and affectionate towards Adele. There were some sites that made me want to get through the TV and suffocated but maybe this is just my character (and the character played by Beth in the film.) But this also shows how well Pitt was represented in this film which made me forget that he was playing a character, He is supposed to do well. <br /> <br /> Anyway, I wish I could have said more, but that's all I can really say without seeing the end, I watched most of the film through what Fuse caught and as I said "m write this I record it on So I just wanted to share my thoughts in a movie I thought was really cool and something that seems to have been ignored (should not be!)
