I've seen "California" before (it must be about 10 years ago) and I still remember being very impressed with it. That's why I wanted to see him again and all I can say is that he still has not lost his strength, although I'm used to a lot more when it comes to movies than I was ten years ago. <br /> <br /> The film "California" tells the story of writer Brian Kessler and his girlfriend Carrie Laughlin, a photographer who wants to move to California. But instead of going up on a plain and traveling directly to the state where they say it never rains, they choose to make a trip by car. He wants to write a book about America's most famous serial killers and will shoot the identical images. But because their car uses a huge amount of gasoline, they decided to take another couple with them, so they can distribute the cost of the trip. Only one pair responded to the addition, so they would automatically be lucky. But they did not meet yet, and when they saw the other couple for the first time, when they started their journey already, Carrie was shocked. Without prejudice, she can only conclude that Early Grayce and Adele Corners are the bad white waste of the trailers. She certainly does not want them in her car, but Bryan does not really mind taking them along and decides to stop and pick them up anyway. At first, the couple does not seem so bad after all, but early on Grays Gray gradually turns from an abandoned assassin into a ruthless assassin ... <br /> <br /> The story is not only impressive, but it acts out of our four threads . Brad Pitt is incredibly early as Grayce. His performance in this film may be his best. The same is true of Juliette Lewis. She plays a childish and naive friend who does not want to hear a bad word about her early and does it very well. But David Duchovny and Michelle Forbes are also a surprise. They both did a very good job, and I really wonder why we have never heard anything from Forbes again since this film, because they really prove that they have a lot of talent. <br /> <br /> In general, this is very good and impressive psychological excitement with a very strong story, but because of graphic violence, I can imagine that it may not be for everyone's taste (although I do not really see another way of portraying a killer Sequentially in a credible manner). Personally I really liked this film very much and violence never bothered me (it's part of the story so important that it can not be ignored). I reward this movie with 8/10.
