In the same vein as Natural Born Killers, another unpopular film for critics because of its excessive violence but also love, California is a film that glorifies violence clearly, but I would love to think it changes that in the final act. It's a bit like how basketball gives a flash to the drugs at first, but it shows the bad side at the end of the film, much worse than the good side. David Duchovny plays the role of Brian Kessler, an artistic figure with his more distinguished and artistic friend, who belongs to that black-and-white photography of violence and conserved in general, and I do not know where, and places where nudity is prevalent. Maybe he really does not understand it. In any case, Brian and Carrie (Duchovny and Michelle Forbes, who play a flawless role) make the ideal couple for a documentary tour of the famous killing sites. Writer, Brian, will write the book, can pick up curry pictures. <br /> <br /> Since they are technical species, Bryan and Carrie are not financially prepared for such a trip, so they have made a declaration to share gas and travel expenses, and are contacted by Early Grace and Adele Corners (Brad Pitt and Juliette Lewis). The parole officer is charged with tax work at the local university by the parole officer, sees the advertisement on the billboard and decides to leave the state for a while, violating his parole but also leaves the scene of the murder of the landlord will not have to deal with the investigation of the disturbing killing . As you know, two birds with one stone. <br /> <br /> The film has a curious ability to shoot two main modes: technical flower and litter trailer, without resorting to cliches or even completing cartoons of any kind. . Bryan and Carrie are professional liberals, but as Carrie takes over as Adele and Adele, Bryan is intrigued to place Earley as an outlaw, as the scene shows Brian firing at an Ereli cannon. He has never been shot before, he's as fascinated as a little boy. Adele and Carrie returned to the hotel and Adele revealed some things in a childish way, such as the fact that her "early" smashed smoking and that she was not allowed to drink it (he did not think early that women should), early and Brian in the local bar. Bryan nervously interacts with a drunkard trying to start a fight with him, and Earl First gives Brian advice on what to do, then trains and tells him quickly. "Strike it, Bri, it's comin." This is one of my favorite viewers in the film, partly because it's funny what he says "early joy" while the man's friends pull him away, stained with blood and beating, but also because he interferes with the girls in the hotel, we learn so much at the same time about the couple , Their differences, and the conflicts that are likely to come because of them. In addition, because of Brian's early actions and Curry's astonishment for what Adele hears, he also demonstrates the different way Carry and Brian interacts with Early and Adele. <br /> <br /> Clearly, now you can say that this is not your strange excitement type of excitement, as the city folk run to the people of the country and all the typical chaos that ensued. On the one hand, it seems a bit more convenient for Brian and Carrie to tour the killing sites and coincide with a real life killer, but on the other hand, this is a great way to counter the glorification of an innate killing. As part of a journey across the country aimed at bringing fame to the killers and their crimes. In studying the behavior of the former killers, Brian and Carrie finally find face to face with the material they are studying, and realize that killing is not as great or fun when it is in your face as in separate studies of homicides. the past. <br /> <br /> I am always amazed at the brilliance of Brad Pitt as an actor. Think, for example, of his roles in films such as Kalifornia, 12 Monkeys, Fight Club, Ocean's 11 and 12. Pitt looks like Tom Hanks, where he can radically change his appearance or enough to fit a certain character, and is completely believable. By the way, I tried unsuccessfully to be Grace early for Halloween this year, but I could not get the hair and beard properly. So I got the hat properly, which I thought at first it would be the hardest part. <br /> <br /> It's easy to understand why many people hate California or why they think it glorifies violence and murder, but I think that all that is being glorified is intended to clarify the audience's understanding of the subject. The film that did not glorify the violence, at least initially, can not be as effective as California, but the film is entirely built. The glorification of Brian and Carrie is reflected in the idea of ​​killing and the aura of the places where it happened, but their realization, and perception, is reflected in the real thing they face with Earley and Adele. The purpose of the film is to describe this difference between the idealism of violence and the vision of its close and realistic horror.
