Although I am grateful for this ambiguous essence of the exploits of Italian cinema in the 1970s in the recently released Grindhouse Experience, and although it is also available on the disc under the misleading title "Escape from Death Row" deserves a decent DVD And full-blown, original language with translation options (dubbing is really terrible), restored image quality and truckload features special bonuses! I do not even need the quality of the restored image and reward features if we can only watch the movie in its original language. "Mean Frank and Crazy Tony" is a mafia / fast-paced flick with lots of violence and comedy (which, certainly, does not always work), female beauty and two prominent personalities. Tony Le Bianco is wonderful as a small bullying pretends to be the largest city in Don. When the real crime master Frankie Dew (Lee van Cleef) arrives in the city, he sees an opportunity to climb the ladder by offering his services. Frankie initially ignores the little crook, but in the end they form an unlikely team when Frankie's entire criminal empire turns against him and the new French criminal mastermind assassinates Frankie's innocent brother. Tony Frankie helps escape from prison and heads to Marseille to get Frankie's revenge. The scenario of this neglected crime gem unfortunately changes the glamor of action and courage with parts of light-headed comedy, such as the hideous car chase across narrow French mountain roads for example. The accumulation towards the sequence of typical Mafia implementation (guided by the excellent result of Riz Ortolani) is very tense, and the actual killings are sadistic and merciless, so the film may be considered somewhat classic of the classic grindhouse. The film lacks a strong female progression, as Edwige Fenech's beauty is strikingly beautiful and surprising in a few scenes, and then still in the background. Among the men behind the camera, responsible for the magnificent cinema, was not less than Joe Damato. A great movie, highly recommended for Italian exploiters, and I hope to see it again in its original version.
