I never heard of Leos Carax until his Merde division in Tokyo last year, and he easily had the highlight of three stories in the film. I was not my favorite short pants, but it was the most distinguished and the most famous. "The Lovers on the Bridge" was his first feature film, a romantic film that uses images and music to convey a vibrant young love flowing into poetry. Although he is classified as a new film, his films condemn the silence of the cinema as much as his experimental 60 novels. His films are closer to Jean Vigo in "LaLante", Jean Cocteau, Jay Madden, from Godard and Travaux. <br /> <br /> In 1984, Boy Meets Girl Carax used black, white, and heavy dependence. On visual representation to display emotional states. It combines the worlds of Maddin exaggerated, but it actually exists that does not seem quite stable like Cocteau, but by its terms, it becomes more emotional and enjoyable access like Vigo movies. <br /> <br /> The story of Boy Meets Girl is simple, similar to the next Karax movie, which is a trio of "young lovers". A boy named Alex played by Dennis Lavant (who plays a character named Alex in the next two Karax movies) was thrown by his girlfriend who fell in love with his best friend. In the first scene, his friend was killed almost on a wooden walkway but did not reach the level of murder. Walking around reminds her of the voices of his neighbors who have sex, and the waking dreams of his girlfriend and best friend to be intimate. He steals records and leaves them in his friend's flat, but avoids contacting either of them directly. He turns around and finds his way to a party where he meets a suicide bomber. The film becomes a "breathless" part and a "limelight" part. <br /> <br /> Later, an old man with the sign language advised him to "talk about yourself ... young people today it seems like they forgot how to talk." The old man gives a tale about working in the days of the silent film, and how the shy actor turned out of the theater "lion" confident when in front of the camera. Heres the film, but the public reference to the silent film is crucial because it interferes with the style of the film (silence and expression), with the content (a gracious young man trying to stimulate courage to say and do the things he really wants). Although Alex is initially hopeful and a stream of romantic words is finally falling apart, he is the shy actor who has become a lion by enlarging films of his inner feelings that are not easily overcome from moment to moment, regardless of the desire to fall in love. <br /> <br /> There is a scene in the film where Alex retreats from the concert to a room where the guests hide their children and their children, all crying in a chorus that fills that room, until he runs a bar of children's show that makes them silent. Unexpectedly because of a malfunction in the TV ends a secret bathroom camera is playing which reveals a hostess crying over herself in her wig for someone missing. Although Carax reflects on himself and criticizes himself in the same kind of wonderful story of life as he tries to say (the room full of babies' nests), he is mature enough to be able to see the initial paradox of love in everything. Crosses film. Even the wealthy rich, the ball bell has a brother who misses him. In another scene, a former astronaut staring at the moon was walking in his youth while sipping a cocktail in silence. <br /> <br /> Although he owes films before talking, Karax is the master of music, and knows when to do the pipes. In "Holiday in Cambodia" in Dead Dead Kennedy, or the early David Bowie, the sounds of a man playing the piano, or a girl tinkling gently. <br /> <br /> In Boy Meets Girl, when someone has a broken heart, they see blood pouring from their shirt, when the couple on the sidewalk turn 360 degrees as if tied to a whirlpool, when Alex enters a party somewhere, Because the most exciting people in the world are really the audience; such as the famous author who can not speak because of a bullet placed in his brain, or the 1950 Miss Universe standing on the other side of the astronaut. This film is the missing link between Jean-Pierre Gennot, Michel Gondry and Louise Anderson, whose style and novels thrive on freaks, all of which are parallel to different images and musical and emotional references in these Karax films. <br /> Every line of the dialog, each piece of music and every effect and editing in this movie has resonated with me on some emotional level, while others lack words to illustrate. There are many stories about a boy who meets a girl, but instead of just exploring the vulgar details of any particular event, this film captures the lively truth of adolescent emotion and disappointment. You can wait for other movies you want to watch. See this first. If I want to be a film, I want to be like that. In fact, I hope all films are like that, where a wife becomes bigger than life, and life itself becomes a dream.
