WWE has produced some of the worst pay-offs of its history in recent months. Cyber ​​Sunday, Survivor Series, and December to Dismember were a bit daunting, so it was based on his B show, Smackdown! Try to finish the year with a high tone. Armageddon had two major matches in the Last Ride and Inferno games. There were three online tournaments and an interesting major event in the form of a tag team war involving Batista and John Cena against King Booker and Finlay. However, it was an amendment to one of the tournament games that brought us not only a night match but also now a candidate for the year's match when Teddy Long gave us fans an early Christmas gift. T-Lo changed the WWE Tag Team Championship from Champions, London and Kendrick against Regal and Taylor to a four-team ladder match including MNM and The Hardy Boyz. <br /> <br /> I will not touch on this very much coincide with the lack of anything I can say will be able to achieve justice. This must be seen as believed. There were many high places and many brutal bumps and awkward landing. The only step I have to talk about was the step that drove Mercury Mercury directly into the emergency room in the middle of the competition. Jeff Hardy jumped on the ladder that was placed in a saw saw position with Matt Hardy with each of the MNM members on the opposite end for her to take full force. Unfortunately for Mercury, he did not lift his hand to protect his face and took full strength hand in the nose and left eye. This was fierce. His face was immediately a mess for everyone to see and not surprisingly that Mercury ends early this evening. We later discovered that he had a broken nose and wounds under his left eye. be cerfull. This is not for the faint of heart. The end of the roller coaster came from the game after Paul London managed to grab the championship belts to win. I have been watching wrestling for nearly 15 years and have not improved their condition any more than this game. unbelievable. <br /> <br /> The night opened with the fourth Inferno match at all. Ken took the MVP in a good game but it was all about visual and not really about work. There were a few close calls with fire to both competitors but in the end Kane was forced to MVP on fire after they both ended off the ring. MVP ran around the ring while he was recently on fire and there was a sick part of me laughing watching this. May I suggest to Michael Hayes that the MVP will be released next week on Smackdown! To Johnny's's Ring of Fire. <br /> <br /> The other game that cheated at night, and the second game of a major trio event was the all-round game between Mr. Kennedy and The Undertaker. It was a tough game from start to finish and was the best in the Undertaker and Kennedy series. The columns used, the chairs and one scene were thrown the Undertaker 15 feet from the Armageddon group on what was supposed to be the concrete floor. Unfortunately, it was easy to see that this was only a crash mat and the public was not rushing for that. The end came after Kennedy's "The Dead Man" was crowned at the top of the table, quickly followed by a trademark to win the game. <br /> <br /> Another important event occurs from the card. Chris Benoit defeated Chavo Guerrero by presenting in another tough match. It was a very good match as Benoit beat eight German players at Shavu at the same time. Benoit was also thinking of putting Vicky Guerrero in a fireball or not. Luckily he came to his senses and allowed her to leave. This led to Chavo's attempt to start up only to be confronted with the Sniper submission submission. <br /> <br /> Another match on the card was the Cruiserweight Championship between the longest-running champion in the WWE, Gregory Helms and Jimmy Wang Yang. It is characterized by many high-risk and dangerous sites, some of which took place outside the ring, and this match deserved far more than the response of the masses more than it got. JBL put it best when he rebuked the fans in Richmond, Virginia for sitting by them during this game, and at one point began to cheer up boredom. Helms picked up the Duke after a jawbreaker maneuver with his knees to Smackdowns! Retarded Resident. <br /> <br /> Boogeyman installed The Miz in a worthless match. I hate the trumpet passionately worth just listening to the very JBL screams about Miz. JBL is a golden comedy. <br /> <br /> The last game of the night was the No. 3 main event. The World Heavyweight Championship, Batista and Wyo, and John Cena competed for Finlay and Champion of Champions, King Booker. There was no way that the Tag Team Championship could have been a match since early but never enjoyed it. The game would have been more memorable if it had been given five to ten extra minutes, but how many times have I said about WWE this year already. It was King Booker who was installed at the end of the match after the great Batistomb. <br /> <br /> So 2006 ended with WWE for pay-per-view. The year began markedly with the New Year revolution but ended up with Armageddon. This game will remember the long ladder of one of the greatest ladder games of all time. My hat is off to all eight competitors who but their bodies are on line to give the fans one hell of a game.
