What happens when an ordinary Joe discovers that he has supernatural powers? The hypothesis may seem familiar. The guards? Unbreakable? However, the Russian science fiction film, The Sword Bearer, is far from standard stock. <br /> <br /> The story revolves around a man named Sasha who avoids society, his peers and his family. Because of the supernatural power he possesses. When he wants or allows his anger, a sword extends from his arm piercing his skin. Very wolverinish? Maybe ... but this is not the interesting part of this film. Having avoided him for the rest of his life, driven by anger (and temperament), "our hero" returns to his hometown to overturn his life or find a reason for it. The only thing he faces here is a problem when a confrontation with her old boyfriend leaves him with bloodstained flames on the ground. This is where revenge and anger come. This man does not want to cross and from this point the mafia and police are on his tail. He meets a girl and falls in love immediately as she does and that's what the film really is about. <br /> <br /> The film is very impressive with bold colors and a nuier dialect divided in short but extreme sequences. This artistic house in his heart, was beautifully photographed with attention to detail in every scene about hideous science fiction films. This strange mash is of great interest to me in this film. The directors' approach to this type of focus focuses on Sasha's emotional journey rather than a straight action film. Do not worry though the procedure exists and lots of it. However, many of these sequences show only implicitly violent images with appalling repercussions. This does not mean that work does not appear. These scenes here are wonderful (especially the ending where we see Sasha's full powers being released into despair). The director implicitly chooses the violence of many scenes to keep the focus on emotional conflict within reach. This is a tragic love story and a refreshing entry into this genre.
