Okay. I acknowledge. I'm one of those obsessed people who spent several hours with a beloved DVD player and a great TV set to watch the science fiction series. Star Trek (Next Generation) was my first date in space, and since then I've changed partners regularly. I've seen everything, and my favorites seem to be "Lexx", "Farscape" and "Battlestar Galactica", in other words: the latest opera space opera. But, I also have a general crush on old-fashioned, wealthy people, like the wonderful BBC show "Blakes7". Here, the budgets are smaller than the hobbit, and the special effects seem to be made on the Commodore 64, but who cares when the scripts are sharp and cleverly written with dark humor, dead acting serious, and sometimes even high? <br /> <br /> But why do they always speak English in the future space? Because this is not the future, it is a fantasy of children. Still, it can be annoying at times. As a Norwegian, I have abolished this often horrifying reality that one never makes a series of species, such as science fiction, for Scandinavian viewers. I never thought about the fact that this had happened. But it did, in fact, once, even in the national, Norway. I was two years old when I produced the so-called Fjernsynsteatret (TV Theater Division) for the National Public Service Channel Nrk this three version of Blindpassasjer (The Stowaway). <br /> <br /> When I first heard about it, I was not surprised by the fact that to this day, the program was only shown once in Norway, making it impossible for me to see it. It was aired on Swedish, Danish and Finnish television as well. It is time, but it was a long time ago. There was no video or DVD to release, nor was it a surprise. When it was shown on Cinema at the Art House, this happened in Bergen, a city far from Oslo (where I live). Then another fact about «Blindpassasjer» did not surprise me, that Norwegian authors are Tor gege Bringsværd and Jon Bing (Bing & Bringsværd). This duo essentially introduced SciFi to the Norwegians in the 1970s; they published anthologies and wrote what they called a prose myth. In my opinion, Bringsværd is the most interesting among the authors, and has written many wonderful and entertaining novels, even masterpieces, some hilarious, such as «Bazar» and «Syvsoverskens Dystre Frokost». No one other than this famous dramatist can build the "Blindpassasjer" scenario. <br /> <br /> When I finally got to see it, it was because a strange Swede recorded the three episodes on a VCR in the '80s, and eventually managed to convert it to a DVD and give it to me. He was a beautiful man. So I sat and watched it with a Swedish translation and a bad voice and some scratches and mistakes. But what happened and I was surprised that I finally loved him. <br /> <br /> External scenes of spacecraft and planets are better than those in Blakes7, thanks to the Caprino studios (which made the famous Flåklypa Grand Prix, and the Interior of Marco Polo) works better The actress is usually a play, but she works better than when she plays Ibsen, and Peyron Flirg plays a powerful role, as does Trini Lund, with mythical actress Hennie Anin presenting her lines in a dangerous and comfortable style. , And I am happy to say that Ola Johansen carries his scoundrel with nobility, and Mariette Ostby is really a hot space that Well, one has to swallow the rather abrupt end, a pretentious criticism of "modern society", but yes, it really is not really really cool Truly, but charming, gorgeous, nostalgic and delightful .A hour and a half from the classic Norwegian SciFi.
