Sur mes lèvres or READ MY LIPS is a wonderful story about the lives of "outsiders", people who live in the vicinity of our vision and who struggle with the need to "contain." Director Jacques Odeiard and co-writer Tonino Pinacquista created a small, tense and utterly entertaining little story that made some important statements about ordinary people and their plight. <br /> <br /> Carla (Emmanuel Devos) is an ordinary Jane, mostly deaf, and thirty something that no one noticed for a company whose life is socially and sexually isolated and whose outlook on the future is rather bleak. Paul (Vincent Cassel), a former parole released recently and responds to the announcement to be an assistant to Carla. There was mutual physical disarray at the first meeting: Carla was hoping to have a well-mannered man who could meet her illusions and Paul was a polite, rude man who was not impressed by his being a writer. Their perceptions change somewhat quickly when Paul saves Carla's job by filling in her request to steal a letter assigned to her job. Paul discovers Carla's ability to read the lips he sees as a means of spying on criminals from his past that threatens his life for the money owed. So this strange couple in a team unite and enter together a trick filled with a dangerous thrill to win the peace and freedom of Paul. The relationship is full of shifts and the edge of the Thrill Seat with both of these characters unlikely to perform roles in their lives that fill gaps in the walls of their isolation in sudden ways. <br /> <br /> Devos and Cassel offer outstanding performances and the rest of the cast is a strong uniform. Once again, Alexander Dispelat produced a musical score that fosters tension. Cinematographer Matthew Fadebed finds all the lights and angles to suggest the worlds of character isolation as well as Hitchcock's thrill. Director Odier wisely addresses the sensitive and transformative factor of the story: it shows us the difference between "hearing" the world with aids and without hearing, and by doing some powerful social commentary. This is a wonderful film that stays in the ranks of the best French films. Recommended. Grady harp
