Pixar has been a huge success over the years with its full animated CGI movies. "A Bug's Life" was the second of a whole range of features that they have made so far, and premiered for the first time in the company, the leading Toy Story, which was the first long-length CGI movie. I remember when this follow-up was announced very soon in the late 1990s, but I did not actually see it until November 2006. I saw it twice that month, and three years later, I saw it three times. I never liked it as much as any other Pixar movie, but after three scenes, I still think it's better than some of the films I've seen from DreamWorks Animation. <br /> <br /> Ants Island is home to an ant colony. These ants have to collect food for a gang of locusts who come and take it every year. One member of this colony is Flik, ​​an inventor who enjoys a bad reputation for causing his inventions, although he does not. One year later, when the colony had just finished preparing the annual show, Flik accidentally drove him into a stream before the locusts arrived to get him! The grasshopper leader Huber decides to give them a second chance to collect and prepare food by the end of the season, but they will have to double their offerings! Flick suggests to the Royal Council of the colony that he goes and finds "the mistakes of the warriors" to fight locusts when they return. Princess Atta, Queen of the Future, allows him to do the job only so as not to cause trouble while the colony tries to collect food for another show. The inventor finds a bunch of mistakes that are believed to be warriors, but after returning them to the ants island and offering them to them, he learns that they are not really warriors, but they are remnants of the circus! <br /> <br /> The main reason why this second feature of Pixar never amazed me might be the characters. To me, none of them stood at all as much as they could and seemed generally a bit nice. Fortunately, it's not like "Shark Tale," a very stupid and unwanted film. "Bug Life" has a major character that is gracious enough, and that viewers can get. The story also seems fairly nice at times, but for the most part, it is good enough to keep the film at least somewhat amusing, and sometimes it has some good suspense, especially later on. Humor, like some other aspects of the film, is not as good as it could have been, but there are certainly funny moments, some of which are Francis, a male beetle that sometimes errs for a female. You can always expect great animations from Pixar, and the animation in this effort is not an exception. With all of this movie available, it may be a bit disappointing when it comes to Pixar standards, but it is reasonable family entertainment.
