I've seen a lot of Tom Hanks movies, old Chaplin movies and even some early Rowan Atkinson shows, and they all seem to have their unique charm that permeates all their work, which allows them to get to know members of the public of all ages in a way that makes you feel comfortable. Bug's Life has the same magic, and is connected to the real life that allows us to easily suspend infidelity and accept many insects that speak, because even though they speak, they still act like real insects. It is like the team that made the film and found a way to bring us to the mind of a child and let us think like them, and imagine the mistakes in the way the little mind works. <br /> <br /> Dear, I have shrunk The Kids was one of my favorite movies when I was younger, and for me, A Bug's Life is like a more realistic version of this film, just because the animation is breathtaking and this style of Storytelling opens only a lot more narrative possibilities. I do not try to compare it to something like Toy Story (which I still keep is the best animated film ever), because A Bug's Life is not as good as Toy Story, but again, almost nothing. The important thing is that it is still a wonderful fun. <br /> <br /> The story relates to a colony of arduous insects with an impressively developed society, most of which revolves around building a harvest of food, most of which will go to the locusts, far superior to general strength and softness. Enough bugs to make it during the winter. We dealt with some locust visits, which show that if insects provide an unsatisfactory amount of food, the consequences will be dire. By the way, the similarities between this handicapped level of food extraction are strikingly similar to forcing Mao Zedong to eat too much of his people during the "Great Leap Forward"? <br /> <br /> Fun and excitement begins when Flick, the main character, begins to seek out a gang of warrior bugs to return and help defend a colony against locusts. As you can see, he has poured all the collected foods and placed everyone at great risk, so he feels that he is his responsibility, but unintentionally ends up hiring a group of artists infected with insect circus. Great for the public, not too great for clan safety. <br /> <br /> The film was shown again in the late 1990s, when it appeared that many of the films had been released in two versions, such as Armageddon and Dieb Impact, Independence Day and its arrival, the life of impurities Wantz, etc. Comparisons between the lives of A Bug and Antz are unavoidable, although it seems clear to me that A Bug's Life is a highly superior film, not only because it does not stain Woody Allen in the swing and triumph during the leading role. This is a great family fun!
