(It was originally a response to a film reviewer who said that A Bug's life was too much and too fast - he felt "surprised and tired" of the pictures, and seemed to ignore the story completely) <br /> <br /> Well, first, 26, I have a job, I go to school, I face a fiancee. So, I may be very good and really good at hiding them ... But not only did I not move away from the life of exhausted or exhausted bugs, it was not so until I saw it for the second time I could even begin to truly appreciate my humor and humor in the amazing images - Because the first time I went to watch this movie, the story ended dramatically and the characters that I forgot I was supposed to sit in. "The frame visually How can you not sympathize with Flik and his well-meaning life from the road to observation? I found myself dealing with that small ant (not to mention some other mistakes) in Ak Not much of this one ... This, in itself, tells me more about this incredible film than the whole book on the beautiful eye candy.Of course, it's pretty (every blade of grass, tree, rain ...) Of course, what They can do with technology is great (you can read their lips! Try it!) But this film is not just a technical and technical masterpiece, It is not so! The life of impurities has a real heart. Yes, there is a lot going on about the story, as well as visually, but that's because the story and the characters already have some depth to them! Just because it's a film for kids does not mean you have to stop your mind at the stage door - kids are smarter than you think! Besides, I think the Pixar crew made this for themselves, even before their children ... This shows, in the amount of the heart in. This film is moving, touching, funny, intriguing, and generally enjoyable. The evolution of character in such an amazing band is amazing. There is a great deal of personal growth, not just for the main character - very rare in animation and often in films in general. Do not hit you on the head with points as soon as you make them - every scene, every frame has a reason in the story of your existence, there is no free footage. It does not always mean explicitly referring words exactly to what happens, to me, people. This does not mean "underestimating" the film and assuming that the audience is stupid, which is often not. All I can think of is if you can see A Bug's life and feel nothing at all, you should not make a big mistake, hurt your friends, fall in love or fall in love because nobody will listen to you , I lied to someone who cared about him, I felt like a social incompetent, I was excited about a new idea, and came up with a wonderful idea, and what I thought was a wonderful reverse idea, was awkward at the moment, confidence the next time, I stood alone against the masses, I felt a failure, I felt very successful, I felt the need to make a difference in your life in the life of Others ... Well, you get the point. If you like Toy Story, you're likely to like it (PIXAR knows how to create movies). If you love her, check her several times or if you do not know what she lacks (the amount of detail and skill here is great); whenever you feel really weak, just pretending to be a seed, okay?
