Although I do not think this was the best 10, I only agree that it was much higher than 6 which is rated here. No, Procidaon Palace was not perfect, yes I've been doing the plot several times before. This does not mean that it should not be done again if it is done well and I think this film had some strong moments. Claire Dance's representation, as we mentioned several times, was as flawless as Kate Beckinsell and I think Bill Pullman was just as wonderful as the supporting performer (Paulman's wife, crooked cop, skip or trip or whatever his name was). The cinema was also filmed beautifully, there were plenty of goodies for this film even if there were some negatives (three of which were the main ones I found) too. <br /> <br /> Here's what I did not like - the friendship between girls - in fact, the individual characters of girls - did not develop deeply until the late middle of the PIC. It was not unlikely to lose interest before that, because despite the pros, it was supposed to be further personal development early and that some scenes like the time the girls were originally captured had been almost polished, so there was a lot of jumping around Without personal development and scene I think it was appropriate for this kind of movies. This, however, is not my main problem. Alarm and spoiler alarm. <br /> <br /> The end, as we have already mentioned dozens of times, is already appalling. It was awful in two respects. First, although it was predictable and very Hollywood, I just wanted a happy ending! Yes, it was an emotional and strong end, but in a film like this, there is a sense that justice will come true and I will sit through it to see it. I was really shocked at the end, and it was performed with all privilege by all concerned, but I feel that both girls should have graduated or, at least, that the policeman had got what he would come to. I mean nothing happens to the bad guys, they all go unpunished. Very worrying. <br /> <br /> Also, I do not understand the mystery of the end. I understood the inspirational endings to make one think, but this was not ambiguity or the film "Chloe" we were watching, and I wished I knew something about what had actually happened, who was guilty and so on, with this ending we would have left to decide that we, That there will be a supplement, I did not want to keep in guessing. <br /> <br /> However, there was much I liked in this movie and certainly at the top of the menu, I would rate this 7.5 and say it is definitely worth a look.
