In "Brokedown Palace," directed by Jonathan Kaplan, good friends, Alice (Claire Danis) and Darlene (Kate Beckinsell) decide to celebrate graduation from high school by making a trip to Hawaii, but hearing that Bangkok, Thailand is more fun. They changed plans and decided to go to Thailand without telling their parents to change plans. While in Thailand, Alice and Darlene met a handsome person named Nick Parkes (Daniel Labin). Tells them he will trade his first-class ticket to Hong Kong for three economic tickets so they can spend the weekend in Hong Kong. They accepted his offer and when the airport was arrested two of them were arrested for drug trafficking. They were convicted and sentenced to thirty-three years' imprisonment. <br /> <br /> I think Kaplan was trying to make it clear to the public that it was wise to make good decisions because in one case a bad decision could change the direction of life forever. Also, the friendly face may not be as it appears once the true intentions of that friendly face are discovered. These girls took the decision not to tell their parents that they had changed their plans and changed their lives forever. Things are a funny way of showing us what decision we made in the decisions we should make. Sometimes, life is not fair, so it is important to think long and hard in the choices we make because we can not go back and change the choices we have taken. <br /> <br /> This movie has a great place, mostly filmed in Bangkok, Thailand. This movie also contains great music. Some of my favorite songs are Silence, Delerium, Damaged by Plumb, Deli me me by Sarah Bightman, and Party's Just Started by Nelly Furtado. I went out and bought soundtracks after watching this movie. These girls are young and tired and have failed to think of their plans comprehensively, a mistake that anyone can commit, so this film is useful to any audience. There is no difference between young people and older people - we are all human beings and we are exposed to mistakes. Although I did not like the way this film ended and left me in the question - who really drug trafficked? - I will definitely give this film two thumbs.
