We all have friends. Some of us have more than others, but there are already one or two people who feel very close, people you can say are like your brother or sister. Alice (Danes) and Darlene (Beckinsil) like this. You can see it from the start. They graduated together, went to parties together and decided to go to Bangkok together when they were supposed to go to Hawaii. They are also being arrested for trying to smuggle drugs to a third world country that is causing a disaster. The rest of the film revolves around staying and not giving up hope. It also has a strong message about the power of friendship and what it can mean to someone. <br /> <br /> Brokedown Palace is a very good film, it's not excellent because of a few problems I want to talk about. But first I want to say what is good about the film. For starters, the representation is first class, and you can not search for leads. The Danes and Pickensell are idealists in their roles. It is not always flaming and looks rough around the edges, but it looks more fun than Darlene. But sometimes it can make it fun in trouble. Darlin is always on the conservative side, and although that can sometimes irritate her, he would have served the two girls better if her way was adhered to instead of Alice. Bill Pullman is an American lawyer living in Thailand. The film was well shot. Inside the prison, unlike Shawshank, Natural Born Killers, or Return to Paradice, the desperation that is necessary (but mitigated) shows the desperation they feel. The direction of Johnathin Kaplan is also very good. We see the two girls struggling to achieve it every day, but you can see that their spirit is being extinguished every day. Brokedown Palace is excellent when it talks about friendship and explains how they have to rely on each other for survival. The other thing I had to comment on was the soundtrack of the film. It increases and completes the film's mood to perfection. The song you hear in the trailer also plays in the film, and when you feel sad, you feel the plight of the women in this prison. You can feel the loneliness you must feel and how desperate you are to go out and return to simple things in life. It also makes you look at yourself and realize how lucky we are to live in the community we do. We have an ease of comparison with some country and believe it or not that music is the perfect motivator to think about it. Some music is made by a group called Delirium (I think), but Sarah McLaughlin (spelling mistake, but how do you spell her last name?) Plays her words and sounds and adds a lot to the film. <br /> <br /> What I did not enjoy in the film was some of the stupid girls show. I will not say what they do but when you see it yourself, you know what I'm talking about. I also did not really feel that the prison they were in was so bad. It looked like a minimum security prison, and that may be because when there are similar circumstances in other films that men sing in a foreign country, prison scenes are always brutal and sadistic. But I did not get it here. <br /> <br /> In general, this is a great movie and it really makes you ask, "How far will you go to a friend?" This is a difficult question and perhaps none of us could honestly answer it until it was put in the same position. Let's just hope that never comes.
