If you're looking for a specific biography of boxer James Corbett, this film may not be right for you. The boxer receives the Hollywood film in his forties - making the story more fun and attractive than real life. However, since the performances were very good (especially by Errol Flynn) and the script is very fond, the film decoration can be tolerated. <br /> <br /> Errol Flyn plays the role of boxer James Jay "Gentleman C." Corbett - a man who became world boxing champion in 1892. The film from its humble beginnings follows his career throughout his career by winning the title match against John Sullivan . However, while most of them could focus on matches, most of them are short in the film (except for the final title match) and focus on Corbett's explosive character as well as his relationship with Alexis Smith. Throughout the film, there is an excellent supporting work by a group of wonderful supporting actors (such as the supporting actor in Flynn and Alan Hale) and writing has really helped bring back these people's lives. <br /> <br /> What's particularly nice to see is the mathematical spirit of Flynn as a boxer. While a few shots multiply, almost all boxing scenes are of cork and he has done a convincing job as a defender. This was a nice departure for "Flynn", who generally played roles or "pretty boys", and this shows how personal difficulty. To learn more about this, try to read a personal biography of him - he had a tough and few personality before coming to Hollywood. <br /> <br /> Now for REAL James Corbett, keep reading if you're not afraid to know how inaccurate the film is. First, Corbett was not a poor young man from a poor family, but he was a graduate of the university and a bright one. Second, while he got Alexis Smith at the end of the film, they divorced a few years later. Third, the final scene of the film between Sullivan and Corbett may have been the best part of the film. Sullivan was jolting and this would never have happened - in fact, Sullivan was more than crazy and Corbett was not the head of the man they filmed in the film - Nice.
