Flynn, often known for his tortuous roles (and a strange bedroom!) Takes a different course with this film and works beautifully. Flynn plays the role of boxing boxing realist Jim Corbett, making his way from San Francisco's suffocating San Francisco banker to a well-known advocate, focusing on Depp Smith's community. He and his best friend Carson are getting into an illegal battle, and they are caught with dozens of other men (and a dog!) Including a prominent judge. The next day, he gets a chance, via Smith, to enter your judge's club. He takes advantage of this opportunity to calm his way to the good grace of his exclusive members and landing in the site of boxer residing in the club. His extraordinary skill in the sport soon led him to confront all the arrivals, even the world champion John L. Sullivan (Bond). Cork is quite enchanting here. It is an example of magic, charisma and gravity in this role. It looks great (especially in a hangover scene with his hair thoughtful and wearing a white trade suit) and actually doing all his work is a special trick (wonderful!) Bastard. Smith exudes the class and taste of all the pores and a good match for the feline. At this point, he needed a charming woman who could face his progress and reputation (he was subject to legal rape at the time) and did so admirably. He was repulsed by his freshness and arrogant attitude, yet he could not help but fall under his charming spell. Bond is incredibly sturdy, brave, and towering, but fluffy when the script calls it. Pleasant support is provided by a young and enthusiastic Carson. Frawley himself is unreasonably villainous as director of Flynn. The rest of the cast is excellent, including the distressed Cork family and a variety of naughty hilltop types. Everything is set beautifully and routed securely. A few sets are displayed surprisingly. Some of Smith's dresses are on the border, but they fit well-separated hairstyles. It's a great look at the early days of boxing tournaments, but it's also much more. Some of them have been improved (such as the character traits shown by Flynn) or exaggerated for entertainment purposes, but many are authentic (such as the styles and costumes shown in combat scenes). One memorable line: "I think you're more like me than you are, but I can love you more than you like me." It's a classic romantic dialogue (and there are more than a few of the Zingers sprinkling in the entire text).
