James Corbett's autobiography, "The Roar of the Crowd," was the starting point for this fictional biography that is well remembered. The author was the world heavyweight champion, replacing John Sullivan, before the end of the century. The events of the wall portray Corbett as a noisy but lovable and intelligent young man who invaded the world of boxing and social prejudice in his time when he was considered the son of an Irish immigrant and a modest banker. It took several hours of fun and often enjoyable screen time to prove that his colleagues were wrong. He is a bank teller at the opening of the film, but he plays one way or the other by calling a sports club for luxury. He falls in love with a pretty but cocky girl, he seems to quarrel with her always, and lives at home with a clan rooted in Corbetts who seem to be fighting with each other as with others. When he defeated the best player in the region and a professional fighter to embarrass him, he finally decided to become famous for fighting. He has set off on the road with his friend, who works as coach and coach, and despite some setbacks, he wins all his spells and attracts attention. When he returns home to pursue his daughter again, he seeks to annoy the Boston Strong Boy team, John L. Sullivan, who enters the pubs and claims that "can lick any man in the world." Few believe he can win a match against Sullivan, but Corbett, nicknamed "Gentleman C" because of his gracious morality and aristocratic appearance, surprises everyone by moving and dancing out of range and denying Sullivan's angry power. Perhaps the best scene in the film comes when the defeated Sullivan comes to congratulate Corbett. The new hero rises to the present moment, telling Sullivan a few years ago that he may be different, showing only admiration and respect. He gets his girls as a result of their performances, but at the end of the film, when they visit his parents, his manager can tell the world, "The Corbetts are there again." The movies are attractive and have a steady style without being flashy. Veteran scriptwriter Horace McCoy and Vincent Lawrence wrote of Corbett's novel. Sidney Hickux filmed the cinema, with long-term decorations by Clarence Steinen and directed by Ted Smith. Heinz Rommed with music and Mello Anderson wore the suits. The film was directed by Raul Walsh, film specialist. Flynn also liked to work with Walsh but did not care about the other director he worked for most often, Michael Kurtz. Among the actors, Ward Bond was in the role of John L. Sullivan, in one of his best performances Alexis Smith is a bit intermittent but smart as the girl loves Corbett and Errol Flynn Corbett, a young man who seemed to enjoy playing - - later said that was his favorite role during the period ... Jack Carson was his manager, Alan Hill His charismatic father, John Lauder is a wealthy contender, with William Frawley, Minor Watson, Madeleine Lippo, Reese Williams, Arthur Shields, Dorothy Vaughn and Mike Mazurki side by side for the pleasant proceedings. It's hard to say enough about the logic and fun of the makers of this film; it's one of the best biographies, and in Mkayisi, it's also one of the funniest movies.
