After surveying my thoughts about twenty-seven times, there is a feeling that I can now overcome this review of complex French drama, "Read My Heart". After writing more than five hundred reviews, I never found myself in such a loss of words as I did with the love story of the director Jack Odeyar hidden and inspiring. The thought of what was loved and hated in this film was poured out, and while "love" overcame it, it was the elements I hated that provoked more debate in my mind. "Read my lips" is a drama. To be more precise, drama-driven personalities combine social uncertainty with crime princes with stagnation in daily office work. Here where this review begins to collapse, all these elements ?? But it is much more, much more. As a viewer, you were immediately attracted by Emmanuel Devos portraying this fragile woman named Carla, who lost her power to the males in her office and the difficulty of hearing her. Audiard brings us harshly into her world by removing the sound from the screen whenever she is not wearing her help, causing instant disturbances, not only of characters in the film, but for those who watch. Without a voice, leaves the world open to any possibility, and this is frightening. <br /> <br /> As we watch this difficult and unstable woman in her life, we are uprooted and given the opportunity to meet Paul (played beautifully by Vincent Cassell), a hair with a hair and a mustache, wearing a mustache and just released from prison , Homeless, unemployed, and forced him parole officer to get a job. This is how Carla and Paul meet. There is that moment of attraction, annoying moment. The person we believe loves him, but he is dark (and here he gains more pleasure) ?? And where we think he loves her, but it's dark. Constant role reversal creates an anonymous tone. Who, as viewers, will we feel sympathy? Paul sleeps in the office, Carla helps him; Carla loses a contract with one of her fellow competitors, Paul helps her; Carla's ability to read the lips of people comes close to the idea of ​​change to Paul. The constant jumps back and forth keep you on your seat, waiting for some light to shine through this dark cave. He never does. Audiard can not allow this story; it constantly knows us more of the characters; only one is as unnatural as the next day. Even our rock, our hard foundation with parole officer is questionable when his wife disappear ?? A sub-plot of this film angered me at first, but after further discussion was a key conclusion to this film. However, none of this happened if it was not for our personalities. Devo's majestic and majestic look is breathtaking, as she changes her image to Paul. Her beauty was discovered. Paul, a wildcard character in the film, continues to use and abuse the friendship for the end of the final game. Then, just as we assume one, Carla finally takes shape. <br /> <br /> Odiar knows he has amazing actors who capture his characters. Cassel and Devos could play cards all the time and I would be sitting at the end of the chair. The story, perhaps the weakest part of this film, is initially random. The interlocking stories seem disconnected at first, but Audiard lets them communicate little by little. Again, the entire parole officer's slide was coherent, but that last scene reinforced the ends of the medium. Do not try to look mysterious, but it is difficult to explain this complex story (but quite simple). There's a lot going on, but it's up to you to plug the pieces. The favorite scene is when Carla tries to find out where some money is. The use of sound and scenery was fantastic. It was tense, it was dramatic, and it was like watching a mystery unfold before your eyes. <br /> <br /> In general, although this film was initially a mediocre French film I could easily forget when it ended ?? It proved wrong. "Reading my lips" opens the way for discussion, not only with personalities, but attitudes. One will find himself rooted to Carla in one scene, and Paul in the next scene. When Paul's apartment was discovered by Carla, I found myself very angry. Audiard brought true passion to the screen with his characters and development, and what he lacked in the plot ?? The actors were able to bear. I can easily suggest this movie to anyone, but be prepared; this is not a movie show once. repeat. repeat. repeat. <br /> <br /> Grade: **** of *****
