I chose to watch this film on the day I opened it at the national level in France, as a personal way of thinking about what happened a year ago. The group works as intended: it provokes a whirlwind of ideas and emotions, acts as an intellectual rule, To the knee reaction. <br /> <br /> There have been many allegations that the film is anti-American: while I can not speak on behalf of everyone in this regard, I am a US citizen who found these statements to be completely untrue. Many people vote on the Egyptian sector, by Shaheen, because it reflects the views of Palestinian suicide bombers who assert that civilians in democracy are "fair targets" because they elect the governments that the bombers are trying to attack, but this ignores many in the other piece: Look, no one realizes the truth, and the critics - even if they see the piece - seem to forget the weirdness and warm dialogue that takes place between the director and the ghost of American dialogue, and the sadness of the director when hearing the tragedy. <br /> <br /> All the movies are beautiful, thoughtful and inspiring, especially the wonderful work done by Mahkmalbaf, Tanovic, Luc and Enarito. Nair, the usual good, tells a true story of an injustice committed against a Muslim family in the wake of the anti-Islam hysteria that has swept and continues to sweep the states. I found Gitai's piece a bit high and simple in her criticism of media hysteria in the face of terrorism. The Penn article was very moving and oval for my taste, although I was expecting to like it. Burgenin is very good and brave in it. SPOILER WARNING: One of the reviewers below read the fall of the towers incorrectly as a happy moment for the character; my reading is that the fall of the towers is what, because light floods his room, pushing him to the loss of his life that he refused to recognize. Again, this kind of impressionist piece, because we know that if the constellations really prevent light on the flat of this man, there will be only smoke and ash, not light, flooding his window.
