Eleven different filmmakers from around the world are assembled to present their views and thoughts on the World Trade Center attack. This is one of the best effort you'll see in any movie. Movies like this are rarely made and appreciated. This film tries to touch every possible heart of the World Trade Center. Here are some of the most important stories in the film that make this film unique. <br /> <br /> There is a story from Samira Makhmalbaf (Iran) where people are preparing somewhere in Iran for America's attacks. There is a teacher trying to educate her students by informing them of the innocent people who were killed in the World Trade Center massacre. Then comes a story from Youssef Chahine (Egypt) where a filmmaker encounters a face-to-face conversation with one of the dead soldiers in the World Trade Center attack and one of the dead militants who took part in the World Trade Center attack. Then we see a story from Idriss Ouedraogo (Burkina Faso) where a group of five innocent children see Osama bin Laden planning to kidnap him and win the rewards from America. Then we see the story of Alejandro Gozalez Inarritu (Mexico) where you see a black screen and slowly see the real footage of the WTC buildings descending. People who are stuck in the building jump from it to save their lives. The other most important story is from Mira Nair (India) where the mother struggles to gain respect for her dead son who falsely planted his name in the World Trade Center massacre! After the September 11 attack, the pulse of the heart starts to pump automatically if we hear two names anywhere in the world .. The first is the World Trade Center and the second is Osama! This film completely changes from our point of view and makes a strong point by demanding something more for him. <br /> <br /> I would definitely recommend this movie to anyone who likes to have such types of Home DVD Collection. Definitely worth every penny you spend. But please do not expect anything more than the movies on this DVD. There are of course films about filmmakers but there are no additional features.
