As you know, the subject here was the question of eleven directors from all over the world to make each of them a short film of 11 minutes, 9 seconds and one frame. We have here: - Samira Makhmalbaf (Iran): What can Afghan refugee children understand when towers collapse? Well nothing. A big lesson - Claude Loch (France): A weak conspiracy with a great cinematography ... Just imagine a deaf woman living in the World Trade Center and you see without understanding that her dog is barking ... well, just see him. - Youssef Chahine (Egypt): The greatest Oriental filmmaker has mercy ... for everyone: for an American soldier who died ten years ago, for people in the World Trade Center and also for a Palestinian suicide bomber. Perhaps the film is less tender towards us. - Danis Tanovic (bosnia hrzgovia): good pictures, make us travel, certainly ... not a very good plot. Idrissa Ouedraogo (Burkina Faso): From one of the poorest countries in the world, a funny and funny story about five boys who want to capture Osama bin Laden ... They could have done it but nobody believes them when they know they know where he is. Ken Loach (United Kingdom): September 11, 1973, Chile entered a bloody dictatorship that lasted 20 years. Thousands of Death and Torture: Everything presented to Chile by Henry Kissinger and the CIA, and knowing this changes your point of view! I think the reason is that the American film distribution company did not accept the release of the movie in our cinemas! Loch forgot to point out that 1973 is also the year in which the World Trade Center was built! - Alejandro González Inarrito (Mexico): Very impressive images we know well and lots of black screens. I did not get this video very much, it's an artist video (to show in an exhibition) rather than a movie. Amos Gate (Israel): A silly ballet of policemen, journalists, etc., about a burnt car in Jerusalem. very good work. Mira Nair (India): The anti-Islamic feeling that followed 9/11. Actually very good - Sean Bean (USA): A funny little story that reminds us of the fact that we forget it normally. The World Trade Center had a huge shadow, and some places now have an unprecedented day light. - Shohei Immura (Japan): One different. Here there is no word about the World Trade Center, and the procedure occurs at the end of World War II. It has only one message: there is no holy war. This short film gives very deep feelings, but the director would have done better in more than 11 minutes. --- So --- Wonderful movie, great attempt to take the temperature of the world. love it.
