It was clear from the start that the events of September 11 were a source of inspiration for the number of films that brought together World War II and Vietnam. However, there is certainly a great risk that most of these upcoming films will be good (or rather: bad) like Pearl Harbor. Fortunately, the first international edition of the September 11 events is not a cowardly love story with a host of beautiful faces, but a collective work of 11 directors from around the world. <br /> <br /> I do not intend to say that all eleven episodes are wonderful (Youssef Chahine, for example, has an unnecessary introduction with lots of cuts and that Shouhi Emmoura has a really weird ending) or that the sectors are in the right order (Imamura, being the only non-reference directly to the twin towers, the film must be opened, not terminated, Alejandro Gonzales must be Inarritu's last instead, because it is the most impressive). But it is an impressive effort and an interesting portrayal of how other parts of the world interact with the collapse of the Twin Towers. <br /> <br /> Think of the inaugural part of Samira Makhmalbaf, where Afghan teachers are trying to explain what her students have been up to in New York and silently suggest a minute's silence. Or the Idris Ouedraogo part (which has a double bin Laden resembling the real part that you will be shocked to see, and I promise), where five children overlook the good things that can be done with the reward in bin Laden. <br /> <br /> There is an amazingly good (and very angry) part by Ken Loach about a man from Chile talking about what he calls "Tuesday, September 11" - on September 11, 1973, when their elected leader killed Allende and Pinochet installed his dictatorship - With the generous help of Henry Kissinger and the CIA. This may be a terrible effort in anti-Americanism, but it became a sad tale and shared my appreciation for the best slide with Enarito (mainly audio impressions and phone calls from hijacked planes to a black screen, sometimes some pictures of people falling into the World Trade Center and finally a collapsing tower, One question (and one question) and Amos Gitai about a hysterical reporter trying desperately to be broadcast on the air after a car bomb in Tel Aviv (difficult to identify, but this one is a masterpiece of dances). <br /> <br /> All these different segments (I have not yet mentioned Claude Loch about a deaf girl, Danis Tanovic about a demonstration of Srebrenica women, Mira Nair - strange, but it takes the Indian director to make the most attractive part of Western tastes - A Muslim whose son suffers from horrendous suspicion after 9/11 and Sean Benn with Ernst Borgnin (yes, Ernst Borgnin) as a widow living a more depressing life one can imagine) is added to a unique film that is not easy to see and hard to forget. I am sure that this film will be a classic known to all thirty years from now. I hope it will be remembered to start a long tradition of international film movies. Unfortunately, however, it is very likely to be remembered as an effort for just one film. As one of the few 9/11 movies produced at the time, it does not limit this terrible event to a love story by a happy ending just to please the audience.
