This thriller based on the characters of 2007 is very similar to a piece of steaks at the Shakespeare level from a major film director who knows how to draw violent and unconventional performances from his actors. "The Twelve Angry Men", Katharine Hepburn The Phantom Mary Thierron in "A Long Day Journey at Night," Survivor of the Struggle Camp at Stade Rudd Steyr in The Pawnbroker, William Holden, Paul Newman is an alcohol lawyer in "Judgment". The list includes some of the finest screen work in the last half century, and you can safely add Philim Seymour Hoffman, who has a strong control over Andy Hanson. Director Sidney Lumette, 83, shows no signs of exhaustion and, in fact, observes the melodramatic roles of Kelly Masterson's scenario for the first time. <br /> <br /> The size of the story is deceptively small because it focuses on moral compromises in the family where two brothers are desperate for immediate cash. Woody Allen followed a similar fraternal dynamism in his latest film, "The Strange Casandra Dream," but Lumette did not touch or be careful in his close approach to this mysterious story and deception. The plot revolves around a crime that was supposed to be without a victim. Embezzlement of the money of his real estate company to keep his wife neglected Gina happy and to meet expensive drug habit, Andy talking about to be exposed in the IRS review. Meanwhile, his younger brother Hank is a mass of unstable instability in the post-divorce period, which has lapsed at his expense and child support payments. <br /> <br /> Andy has made a presumptive plan to steal their parents' jewelry shop in the suburbs. None of them are supposed to be there. The goal was for the brothers to collect rewards, and parents to claim insurance. Murphy's law intervenes in every possible way, starting with Andy's pressure on Hank to do the job himself. After some brotherly harassment, Hank agrees, but is very afraid to do so on his own. He recruited a reckless, heavily armed young man to deal with the theft. At fate, the robbery occurs on the day when Andy's mother and the shopkeeper open up, and things quickly turn out of control. Although the new storytelling technique is not new (for example, "Alejandro González Iñárritu" "21 Grams"), the Masterson approach effectively works to identify specific events from multiple perspectives so that you understand how each character leads to the consequences of an unfortunate event . <br /> <br /> Representation is ideal from the impressive performance of Hoffman, like Andy, the mechiavellian reptiles who hide their wonderful and petty external phenomena from resentment towards his family. I thought it was great in Tamara Jenkins's "The Savage", but it's better here. Lumet derives a strong performance from Ethan Hawk, who is usually unbearable like Hank, which fills him with the false weakness that informs him of every unplanned move. As their besieged father, Albert Finney acts with his usual late harassment, but he provides the necessary foundation for complications at the Oedipus level. Marisa Tommy is an intelligent choice to play the role of Gina, where the actress plays an economic role in focusing on the responsive and watchful nature of a small but pivotal role. The veteran actress in the theater Rosemary Harris (now known as Peter Parker's aunt in "Spider-Man" trilogy) enjoys a precious little time like the mother, as well as Amy Ryan as Hank's bitter former wife. <br /> <br /> There are scenes bordering on excessive borders, especially as the situation is increasingly desperate for brothers, but senior managers are pumping this vibrant vitality that makes them thrive. After the disappointment of the cartoon "Find Me Guilty", it's refreshing to see Lumet at its highest here. DVD 2008 offers a very useful commentary from Lumet, Hoffman and Hawke, all of whom speak easily and insightfully. Along with the original play, there is also a better-than-average 24-minute feature, "Sidney Lumet: How the Devil Made", which includes on-site footage and stories from interviews with Lumet, two producers and key actors.
