This is a completely diabolical story of how bad things are. Simple theft. Pick up some serious change. Get our finances together and everything will be great. But? Mom and Bob jewelry shop? there is no problem. Insurance pays for everything. No guns. No one will get hurt. Easy money. <br /> <br /> The oldest and most successful (will appear) Brother Andy (Philip Seymour Hoffman) suffers from some minor problems. Heroin addiction, getting used to cocaine. Wife (Marissa Tommy) that, well, can not seem to be performed. His flat belly days ended a long time ago. My youngest, younger brother, younger brother, Hank (Ethan Hawk) with some problems of his own dinero. Behind child support payments to his daughter, in debts to friends and relatives, not admirable in their work, etc. <br /> <br /> Sydney Lumet, in this performance at the age of 82 (!) directs and gets him 99.99 percent, which is difficult to do in a thriller. I've seen more excitement than I remember, and most often the director gets on the printed film and lives with the holes of the plot, the possibilities, the cheese scenes, and the quick end. Here Lumet creates excitement as if it were a work of art. Every detail is perfect. Great acting. The plot has no holes. The story unfolds correctly and clearly and represents a story of human weakness that will honor the greatest directors and even cool himself. <br /> <br /> Of course, Hoffman is great. When you do not have a marquee, lead a man, you have to get talent, workmanship and pure concentration. Ethan Hawk, who is no stranger to the role of the sweet little man, adds a layer of despair and all human incompetence to the part so that we do not know whether we will spend it or puff it. Albert Finney plays the role of the lost father with a kind of toughness that lies his life. And Marisa Tomey, who has the magical qualities of sexual attraction to match her unique creativity, was able to be as weak and tough as the nails of my wife Andy. (But who can blame it?) It is almost what almost represents the sacred film to give commercial excitement five or ten stars, but if you study this film, where all aspiring filmmakers are advised to do so, you will notice the over-type (according to most Hollywood producers) The details that make real art - something that great artists can not do and can not do. (By the way, I think there were twenty producers in this film, well, perhaps more than a dozen; check the credits.) All I can say is short: a way to go to Sydney Lumette, author of a great selection of excellent films, Fidelity to your craft and fink in such an advanced age? Maybe we all make half good. <br /> <br /> Well, 00.01 percent. It was unlikely that the father (Albert Finney) had followed the taxis that Andy took around New York without losing his tail in one way or another. This is secondary, I wish every movie would be very sexy. One wonders why Lomet decided not to tell us the fate of Hank in the end. We can guess and guess. His fate may have fallen on the floor of the cutting room. Perhaps Lumette was not satisfied with what was filmed and time was running out, and he just said, "Leave it like this, it does not really matter." I think it does not. What happens to Hank will not be good. He is not the kind who runs running to Mexico and can start a new life. It is a kind of man who gets a "light" sentence of 10 to 20 and serves it and brings out a kind of shrinking human who knows he was not really a man when he should have been. <br /> <br /> Look at Sidney Lumet, one of the best Hollywood movies, The Pawnbroker (1964), The Group (1966), Serpico (1973), Dog Day Afternoon (1975), Network .
