Tarantino once commented on Melodrama from the 1930s called Back Street: "The Tragedy is Like Another Person" in the film. The same can be said - apart from bringing Tarantino - to Sonny Lumet's best work in years, a melodrama where personality is of paramount importance not only because of what is at stake. Kelly Masterson does not have a masterpiece here (she is basically divided into the crazy killer in the end in a series of climatic events that only work in the end, and even the suspension of disbelief is crucial), but her scenario conveys a personality before the plot, Surrounded by procedures, it is necessary to know who these people were beaten. It's as bleak as hell, not as merciful as the devil, but also fully fixed by 90% of the time. <br /> <br /> Crush it not only because Lumet knows how to handle a non-linear script where we see the day to day-to-day character-to-character before, and most of them after the stolen "mom-and-pop" jewelry shop fails , But because of the enormous group of actors that have been assembled (which, I might add, is the specialty of Lumite). Phillip Seymour Hoffman and Ethan Hawk are brothers with financial shouts of their own, and the former deals with what appears to be a fraudulent robbery: their mother's jewelry shop and their father were looted in Westchester. Hawke's Hank includes another shady character, despite the murder, and suddenly it is a tragedy on a Greek scale that affects the brothers and their father, and Albert Finney plays them perfectly. It is a kind of material loved by most actors - the characters that, like Dog Day Afternoon, are a painful humanity, flawed to the bone but only want to set love and / or things properly, and have the full ability to meet their wishes and needs. <br /> <br /> In this case, although Hoffman and Hook are superbly matched, Hoffman, until he is mentioned in the last 10 minutes, has a very calm and joking behavior that sometimes reveals him as the brains of the process, but then smaller scenes collapse Emotionally (ie with Fini or the car scene with Tommy) talents to the maximum; at the same time, the losing hook is called by his ex-wife and daughter, and can not pay any debts at all, called his father the baby, It matters to you. He is not as flawed as his older brother, but who wants to pick straw for this title? Fenny, as we mentioned earlier, is watching all the way, making his role in Big Fish seem like a play for children (the last scenes with him are horribly tragic, and his face recoils in a horror that has accumulated throughout the second half). <br /> <br /> Also featuring a supportive rotation from highly-timed and time-bound Marisa Tome, Michael Shannon of Bug as bad white trash, Amy Ryan, and Bryan P. Oberin, and Rosemary Harris. Short and accurate impressions, it is a film with a lot of skill and heart - but not a tolerant heart - with a story that multiplied again, not for simple plot devices but to illustrate every step of a family's spiral step. If it's not as great as Serpico, Network, Pawnbroker or 12 Angry Men, it will be the closest thing Lumet has ever done.
