In New York, Andy Hanson (Philip Seymour Hoffman) is an addicted executive director of a real estate office that has embezzled a large sum because of his addiction and expensive lifestyle with his wife Gina (Marisa Tommy). When the review date is set in its section, it becomes desperate for money. His infant brother Hank Hanson (Ethan Hawke) is a complete loser who owes three months of child support to his daughter and maintains a love affair with Gina every Thursday. Andy plans to steal their parents' jewelry on Saturday morning without the use of weapons, and is expected to find an old employee working without financial damage to his parents, because the insurance company will pay the losses. On Monday morning, we will raise the necessary funds to cover his embezzlement. Hank invites to participate, because it is well known in the trade center where jewelry is found and recognizable. However, Hank yells and calls the robber Bobby Lasorda (Brian O'Brien) to steal the store, but things get worse when their mother Nanette (Rosemary Harris) comes to work as an alternative to the writer and Bobby brings a hidden gun. Nanette interacts and kills Bobby but shoots her deadly. After Annette's death, their father, Charles Hanson (Albert Finney) decides to investigate the theft with tragic consequences. <br /> <br /> "Before the Devil Knows You're Dead" is a comedy about mistakes, revealing a good story. There is originality and difference in the scenario, with a non-linear narrative "the heart of fiction." The 83-year-old Sydney Lumit has another wonderful job that is impressive for the director's life. Philip Seymour Hoffman is wonderful in the role of a dysfunctional man who has a painful relationship with his father and feels that the world is collapsing mostly because of his insecure and disheveled brother. Marisa Tommy is still wonderful and impressive, showing a wonderful body. The violent conclusion shows that the world is already a wicked place. My vote is seven. <br /> <br /> Address (Brazil): "Antes Que o Diabo Saiba Que Você Está Morto" ("Before Satan Knows You're Dead")
