The full title of the film is "You may be in heaven for half an hour before the devil knows you are dead," an ancient Irish toast. "You may have food and smell, a soft pillow for your head; you may be 40 years in heaven, The first screenwriter Kelly Masterson (with some modifications by director Sidney Lumette), Melodrama's fabrication, explores how the fragmented family can become when the external powers are pushed to the extreme.In this film, the viewer is allowed to see the gradual but almost complete collapse of the family through The use is very common, but here, the treatment is reasonable By repeatedly presenting the different preferences of each character about the central events that drive this rather horrific story, we see all the motivations of the players in the case of theft being very wrong. <br /> <br /> Andy Hanson (Philip Seymour Hoffman) is a rich executive director, married to emotionally needy Gina (Marisa Tomey), and is addicted to an expensive drug habit. A life in ruins - he separated from his evil wife Martha (Amy Ryan), and behind him in child support and support, he borrowed What can friends and he needs money. Andy suggests a low-level burglary on a small Moll-Am-Pop jewelry store with a safe and fast cash supply for both. The drawback is that the jewelry story dates back to the men's parents - Charles (Albert Finney) and Janet (Rosemary Harris). Andy advances Hank some money and flips into an agreement that Hank will actually steal, but despite Hank's approval of a 'fail-safe' plan, he hires a friend to take over the actual job while Hank plans to be a car getaway driver. The theft is unsuccessful when "Nanette", who advances to the average employee, shoots the thief and corrects them in anarchy. The disaster reveals many secrets about the fragile relations of the family. When Nanette dies, Charles, Andy and Hank (and their partners) are driven to catastrophic ends with surprises at every turn. <br /> <br /> Each actor in this powerful but emotionally moving film presents great performances, and while we expect to be from Hoffman, Hawk, Tommy, Vinnie, Ryan and Harris, they are the wise hand direction of Sydney Lumette that makes this film very strong. The film is not easy to watch, but it is a film that allows for some courageous performances that require our respect, a film that reminds us of the vulnerability of many families. Grady harp
