I must admit that I had doubts about this film before I watched it. The main reason for this was because it was compared to Hitchcock. I have seen many films that are said to have been inspired by Hitchcock or which could have been produced by the "Thriller Master" himself, but so far I have not seen any of these films that will be able to withstand the test of time. In my opinion, Hitchcock has become a familiar name that can be used to promote some thriller films, but on the other hand I must admit that I am fascinated by it because it is a European film. Hollywood studios that want to misuse Hitchcock's name are usually more expensive if they can. But this film has been produced in one of the most chauvinist European countries ever, and I am sure that most French prefer death rather than admit that their films are inspired by an English man. That's why I decided to try this movie, and I must say I'm glad I did. <br /> <br /> "Sur mes lèvres" or "Read my Lips" as it is called in English, tells the story of a young secretary called Carla. She is a diligent and sincere employee, but she was not much appreciated by her colleagues. This has a great relationship with the fact that she suffers from hearing loss, which prevented her from climbing the company ladder. But when she is allowed to hire a trainee she can work with, all this is about to change. Paul Angeli is 25 years old and is not fully aware. The man is a thief, but Carla gives him a chance and covers him when needed. She hopes to teach him how ordinary life should look, but at the same time drag it with him in his old life ... <br /> <br /> Since I still think that Hitchcock's name is often used to describe a very good thriller - - I will not make any comparisons between Hitchcock and Jack Odiyar. The fact is that the guy did a really good job with this film. I've never heard of it before, but it's true that he knows how to build suspense and how to keep you interested from start to finish. This has a great relationship with the original story and excellent course. I suspect that someone in Hollywood has come up with the idea of ​​using a disabled woman in a strong role, rather than making it the helpless subject of an abusive couple (you know, the story of a typical television movie). <br /> <br /> It should also be noted that the representation in this film. Vincent Castle is very famous, but Emmanuel Devos was a complete mystery to me. There is absolutely nothing wonderful about their roles, but they did an excellent job with their characters, making them feel very believable and realistic. Paul could have been the strong ordinary man outside the prison and Carla the powerless woman, but thanks to her performance, you really believe that these two strong people had bad luck in life but would achieve the best results all together. <br /> <br /> In general, this is a powerful film with a very good script and some excellent works. Despite the fact that I have doubts about it, I quickly became one of his biggest fans. I give this movie 8/10. Feel free to give it a try.
