I began to see a very consistent model in the identity of the 2007 films. If 2004 is the year of biographies and 2005 was the year of political films, 2007 can be identified as a year featuring a wide range of ethical tales, films that depict, test, challenge and question human ethics and motivations You push us to do certain things. Although this definition is fairly broad, I think there are a handful of films released this year, such as 3:10 for Yuma, Eastern Promises, American Gangster, No Country for Old Age and others that ask and define human ethics on Specifically, we are motivated by acts such as violence or treason. Before the Devil knows you are dead, an elegant moral tale, a dark, gloomy and gloomy story. Better yet, it comes from one of the greatest classical steering forces of our time, the legendary Sydney Lumet, who many have said has gone through it all but returned with full force to this gruesome film. <br /> <br /> It is one of those films whose charts are so thick that one avoids getting into details. It is the best film to be enjoyed if it is entered without any prior knowledge of the events that are about to unfold, where there are shifts and turns. But the thick and watery plot is not at all in the center of this film; the real focus is, as I mentioned, the tale of morality; the motivations that drive these two men to the work they do in the film. In a plot organized like a mix between the films of The Coen Brothers (specifically Blood Simple and Fargo) and Quentin Tarantino, we see two men driving under different shaded conditions to kill a fairly simple crime and make an unbelievably erroneous mistake, Likewise with full force and inevitable tragedy. To make it more interesting, the film is listed in a fragmented sequence that keeps track of it and displays a series of events that follow a different character each time and end up always ending at the last time. Kelly Masterson's screenplay is surprising, sharp, thick and perilous, surprisingly impressive and attractive, especially because it is a first-time scenario. <br /> <br /> But the film has a far greater impact than the villainous film and a very depressing plot. First of all, the picture looks good and looks great. Throughout his career Sidney Lumet has used an impressive style in cinematography and lighting: natural and stylish at the same time. The film carries a distinctive atmosphere in style and class, with fantastic natural lighting that looks really wonderful. Editing is top notch. Combining dramatic drama with long time takes time to film the event accordingly. The camera angles and dynamic movements add more elegance. The film is also supported by the brilliant musical score by Carter Borwell. <br /> <br /> The film's script plays its part, and of course Lumet is in turn, but in the center of the dramatic film there are three brilliant actors who offer incredibly good performances. First of all, there are two lines. Philipp Seymour Hoffman, who has always been an excellent representative but leads the way after leading to an unusually impressive performance at Oscar in Cabot, leads the group. His role in this film is fascinating: severely flawed, broken, obsessive. Hoffman has some intense scenes in the film that really allow full drama to break out, not just his skill and his wit. At his side, Ethan Hawk, who has made some wonderful performances in many films that have always been overshadowed by the greatest and greatest actors. Overall, the dynamic representation between them is very cool and convincing, as the audience loses itself very quickly in the characters and forgets that it is watching the actors. Then there is Albert Finney. Such a supportive and lavish role as the role he needs as a veteran expert, Finney has performed his best performance for many years as the tragically obsessed father of two brothers involved in the crime. I love the way you play the three dynamics. I love how Hoffman is clearly the dominant brother and so shyly chooses his younger brother yet to become middle-aged men; however, it is clear how Vinnie's father favored Little Brother's younger and weaker Hweek. Also on the cast theme, two female characters support? Brothers' wives ?? It also features great performances by Emmy Ryan and Marissa Tommy, both of which are becoming better and better over the years. <br /> <br /> This movie is not revolutionary. These themes have already been explored by the likes of The Coen Brothers, and it is easy to imagine them directing this film. But for a film that paves the way for familiar terrain, it simply excels. Lumet uses his prodigious guidance talent and uses his unique and extremely precise sense of irony and style in the intense, intense, and depressing MASTERON scenario for the first time. The leading offerings are incredibly intense, and the film features very impressive maneuvers from Hoffman, Hawke and Finney. But the greatest wonder of the film is that, three years after winning the Oscar Lifetime Achievement Award, which is often regarded as the ultimate mark of retirement in filmmaking, Sydney Lumet proves that he still has a tremendous talent for making a truly wonderful ring. , An intense piece of cinema reminiscent of his golden years.
