Sydney Lumet did not have a box office in 20 years, but at the age of 83 he managed to stir up a thrilling thriller in his old New York home. (How he got the insurance, let alone the budget after all these fluctuations, is also ambiguous). The story is very shocking and the characters are particularly unpopular but kept me on the edge of my seat until the last scene. <br /> <br /> Two brothers with financial problems are scrambling to steal a jewelry store in the suburbs owned by their elderly parents. The only victim will be the insurance company. The robbery runs out and two people die. Most of the film is concerned with the following effects. The procedure is non-linear and seen from different main personal perspectives, but not difficult to follow. What is not easy to work out is a back story? How did the brothers get into such anarchy? There is evidence? The younger brother, who was born to the family, is the favorite of his parents, while the older brother seems to have a lot of baggage about his relationship with his father, and vice versa, but this hardly explains why he became mixed with heroin using heroin. <br /> <br /> As the older brother, Philip Seymour Hoffman controls the film, but Ethan Hawk has much support from his unsuitable younger brother. Albert Finney appears to be in a state of constant anger but the text calls for it. Marisa Tomey, wife of the older brother of 44, has been performing more attractively for several years. The film begins literally with a bang, but we got out of this comfort zone very quickly. <br /> <br /> I do not know the origin of this story by first-time scriptwriter Kelly Masterton, but I think that like the great admiration of the late 70's "Dog Day Afternoon" depends on the truth ?? It's too silly to be wrong. Lumet is the latest of the many art studio directors who had a great variety of old time and who quickly managed to direct anything that was placed in front of them. Some great films have been produced in this way, as well as some classical turkeys. This is not a classic of any kind? It's a well developed piece of optimistic entertainment. You are likely to feel lucky because you are not a member of a dysfunctional family like this person, but still wonder how they get that way. We know that the parents were happy but we see little of the mother and hear little about her, and it is impossible to pick up her relationship with the boys. (There is also a daughter whose presence seems redundant). Well, like Tolstoy, we have to conclude that "every unhappy family is unhappy in its own way".
