What an extraordinary crime! My wife and I saw this at the Toronto International Film Festival last week, and the best film was far away at an exceptionally strong festival. It's actually my second favorite movie after DR. I and Strangelov were definitely on the emotional peak where I was walking at home and discussed the film with my wife. <br /> <br /> I do not want to spoil this plot because it is better to enjoy stories of excitement of this kind without any prior imaginations. A summary of how comfortable I feel is that two brothers, Philip Seymour Hoffman and Ethan Hawk, plan to steal a jewelry store in Westchester, New York. The film repeats again and again over a period of approximately two weeks (before, during and after theft), and one main scene repeats at least three times. Typically, this may disable the movie's momentum, but this never happens during this masterpiece. The excitement, tension and even acting seemed to improve as the film progressed. In the end, I was on the edge of my seat waiting for his breath to see how everything would end. I know I used some cliches in this publication, but I was literally on the edge of my seat. I would like to mention that the nonlinear story is very easy to follow. This is not the kind of film you will hear when the audience's voices ask their friend to explain the scheme during the film. <br /> <br /> The acting is very cool, and I doubt that I would get the same admiration for the film if the casting was not perfect. There is a small complaint that Hoffman and Hawk do not look like brothers, but this is a simple representation that I can easily overlook. Hofmann was at his best and some of his scenes with Hawk were positive. Marissa Tomey (wife of Hoffman) and Albert Finney (as Hoffman's father and Hawk) are very good at supporting roles. Even some outstanding performances were so moving that I can still remember every note, gesture and facial expression by Brian O'Brien and Michael Shannon? Absolute perfection. The scene of theft was more authentic than any other film-stealing scene I had ever seen, and I had a sense of authenticity in most of the scenes, especially the scenes with Hoffman. Music helped increase tension throughout the film, and often played the same notes more effectively. I had music playing in my head the next day, even while I was sitting in other movies. In addition to my simple complaint at the beginning of this paragraph, there was a twist in one piece and I felt something incredible (the main spoiler, so I can not describe the scene). Otherwise, this film is very close to perfection. <br /> <br /> There were about ten great movies at the festival I would enjoy watching for the second time, but before you know DEVIL YOU'RE DEAD stands in the league on its own. Aside from that, director Sidney Lumette spoke before the film and Marissa Tome and Ethan Hawke presented on stage. Tommy did not speak a little shy, so I asked Lumette, "Do you believe that someone very nice might be shy about the camera?" This comment is ridiculous given the graphic opening scene !!
