Two brothers, Phillip Seymour Hoffman and Ethan Hawke, are tired of competing for who is the eldest, whom Denny (Albert Finney) loves more than that, so they dig a hair-stylist scheme to steal Mami and Daddie's jewelry so they can settle their debt and start over. It looks like a fantastic plan except that this is a suspicious 1970 style melodrama about the wrong robbery, the boy, doing things really screw up here for our hapless duo and all concerned. The screenwriter "Kelly Masterson" was a thriller by director Sidney Lumette, "Before the Devil Knows You're Dead," the robbery is used as a marvel in the depth of family drama. <br /> <br /> Contrary to popular belief, Sydney Lumette did not die. At the age of 83, he seems to have struck a deal with the Devil to make another wonderful film. Lumette was at its height in the 1970s with films such as "Dog Day Afternoon" and "Serpico" and one of my favorite films of all time, "Network". He somehow managed to produce a film with all the hallmarks of its classics, with some of the more recent elements (graphic sexuality, violence, playing with timelines and POV) in a sparkling, vibrant, urgent, wide and provocative melodrama. One can only hope that some of the great modernists (such as Scorsese or Spielberg) who emerged during the decade, and Lumette was at the top of his game, would leave as much clay as they reached that age. <br /> <br /> Lumet is a master in directing people who walk in space to create tension and develop personalities. As actors move through precisely appointed Manhattan offices and apartments, his moving camera slowly creates a sense of anxiety because we never know who might be around the corner or what that person might do in the next room. It is also amazing how Lumet uses multiple POV policies and changes the time frame. His coherent and classic presentation makes similar films of interest to the wonders, Christopher Nolan and Alejandro González Inarito, looking like an hour for amateurs. <br /> <br /> Of course, what's best about Lumette is directing amazing teams of actors and cheating them acting in an inch of their lives. Philip Seymour Hoffman was never, and probably will never be, better than him here. The lovingly lovable portrayal of Albert Finney, at the end of his rope, is a masterpiece that must be seen unfolding. Ethan Hawk, an unusually beautiful boy, is perfect like a younger brother who sits emotionally and who skips for a very long time on his charm and looks. However, the coup is a blessing, a series of scenes between Hoffman and Marissa Tome, frightening at the heart of his wife. Lumet manages it through a series of emotions culminating in a scene that has been the best since William Holden of Beatrice Straight made direct use of Oscar as the best Supporting Actress on the Network. <br /> <br /> The Devil of any wonderful movie in detail, from Albert Finney's faucet to his car box that will not close because of the barrier barrier, to the appearance Amy Ryan (a new turn "Gone Baby Gone") gives her ex-husband Ethan Hawk in his exciting promise For his small daughter, all three teach that he will not commit, to a systematic disclosure of a family on skis, to the dialog box that interrogates the cultures quote from it (my favorite line is the hilarious threat "Do you mind if I call you Chico?") "Before Satan Knows You're Dead" is the movie of the year. If something seems to be the best, we know a few other deals that should mediate in Old Scratch.
