French filmmakers continue to admire their extraordinary ability to simulate everyday scenes and sounds in the suburbs. This was particularly evident with the release of L'Emploi du temps (Time Out) in early 2002, a fascinating study of a white-collar worker who becomes sad after being dismissed from his job. As with the tendency of French filmmakers, many scenes were filmed in real streets and public places, giving a real sense of cinema in the story, but the L'Emploi du temps also has a stylish look thanks to excellent camera work and some stunning site shots Swiss mountains). An impressive French film is shown in the wake of this highly skilled film in a great French film, "The Murderous Murder" by Jacques-Audére. In fact, labeling this film as a criminal leader leads to abuse because it is much more. As with the previous French version, it is a personal study of marginalized characters who use intelligence to move forward in a society that has turned its back on them. At a Paris construction company, Carla, a young, shy little woman sits on her desk and is isolated into an area of ​​the office that represents a major route to Xerox machines and restrooms. <br /> <br /> Unskilled coworkers use Karla's office to chat and drop half-made coffins of styrofoam. Partially deaf, Carla turns on and off hearing aids if desired if the noise becomes troublesome, whether the drone is a paper-based copier or the cry of a child friend. When her boss calls her to suggest that she is hiring a secretarial assistant to help her with the workload, Carla fears losing her job. In the employment office, Carla lists the specifications you want for her assistant (preferably male) as if she were in a people's agency. Must be 25 years old and clean, with extensive computer and filing skills. When the agency sends a rude young man with a lookless appearance, Carla feels shocked and stricken. They leave the office and have lunch at a local restaurant, where Carla meets her potential assistant. When she discovers that he has just come out of prison, Carla initially does not want to do anything with Paul, but has a heart change and employment. Although she is basically nice towards her assistant, Carla finds herself now in a position of power and has a new sense of power. Paul learns quickly and becomes a capable worker. Carla Paul helps find a temporary place to live and even his covers when the parole officer appears one day in the office and wonders why Paul made a mistake in his appointment. During a lunch break, Carla Poulos attests to her lack of reputation and reveals her ability to read the lips. Later, when a staunchly coworker takes on a project Carla is working on, Carla's angry request asks Paul to seek revenge from the man. From here on in Tire, the sharp arms of criminal drama are escalating into some of the most violent graphic scenes on screen in recent years. The script quotes elements from Hitchcock, most notably the REAR WINDOW, where the talent of lip reading in Carla plays a full role using a pair of binoculars. There is an impressive, once again infrequent, sexual attraction between the two rivals, crowned with a rather odd honor for NORTH BY NORTH BY NESTHWEST, but it works because of the large sexual heat that builds slowly between the two stars. However, what one carries away from this film is not much like Hitchcock's classic novels, although these elements certainly exist, but the prevailing view of the modern-day city (in this case Paris) where life runs a series of mundane work days to The bustling, bustling nightlife where sex, drugs, and money loot into the lives of many characters. Unlike Hollywood productions, these are psychological strands where people seem like a man and a woman every day on the street, where a punch in the face or thigh looks like an annoying clot and where the office is a place of fear. It's Hitchcock with gloves off.
