"The Blob" is a science fiction film not only because it gave 27-year-old Steve McQueen a path to superstars, but also because he took advantage of the common themes of alien invasion and indescribable adolescence in the 1950s. Interestingly, no one in the scenario of Kay Lenker and Theodore Simonson refers absolutely to the scarlet undeveloped red protoplasm that landed to earth in a meteorite and threatened everyone in the small town of Downingtown Pennsylvania on Friday night. Steve McQueen won the role of Josh Randall, the old West fisherman in "Wanted: Dead or Live" after producer Dick Powell saw Paramount Pictures release. Meanwhile, his attractive girlfriend McQueen Anita Korsot went to starring Andy Griffiths at the Andy Griffith Show as a friend of Sheriff Taylor Schoolgirl Helen Cromb. Of course, neither McCain nor Corsaut were teenagers, but real adolescents rarely played the role of actual adolescents. Director Irvin S. Wyworth, Jr., performed his first roles with The Globe. Scenario Linaker & Simonson synthesize four types: First, foreign invasion. Second, adolescent delinquency; third, murder mystery; Moreover, while gelatin assumes different forms, they remain largely unknown. In other words, Jell-O is neither spoken nor communicated by telepathy. Instead, it kills without any harm and does not discriminate against anyone. The tone of "The Blob" is somewhat dangerous despite its somewhat camplike nature. <br /> <br /> As the filmmakers referred to the Criterion DVD for "The Blob", the film opens unusually for the fi re-fi horror film with our hero and a protagonist in a remote rural language making and kissing. Jane (Anita Korsot) and Steve (Steve McQueen) see a big meteor falling to the ground and driving it to find it. Meanwhile, an old man finds the meteor and urges it with a stick. The meteorites open cracks and a plump bunch of stick stick to the stick. When the old timer (Olin Howland of "The Paleface") takes a closer look at him, the finger sticks to his hand. The old man is screaming from the hole and Steve is barely beating him. Steve and Jane pick up the guy and take him to see Dr. Halen in town. <br /> <br /> Halin is getting ready to leave the city for a medical conference when Steve and Jane bring the old man to his office. Holen's phone calls his nurse to come back because he may need to be amputated. Of course, Halin never saw anything resembling the material in the man's arm. Halen sends Steve and Jane to see what happened. Our heroes collide with another group of teenagers who make fun of Steve's quick driving. Steve cheats him in reverse driving, but local police chief Dave (Earl Rowe) lets him get out of the hook. Steve and the teenagers visit the site of the meteorite and find the remains of the warm meteorite. After visiting the old man's house and saving a dog, the teenagers broke up on a late-night neurosis while Steve and Jane returned to Dr. Halen's office. During the transition period, the whole point absorbed the old man, killed a nurse Halen and attacked the doctor. No acid thrown on a protoplasm nor a halin gun has any effect on the point. Steve holds a glimpse of the point that Halin absorbs. When Steve and Jane go to the police station to report the incident, Dave is unbelievably honest, while Sgt. Bert (John Benson) thinks it's a joke. Bert has an ax that grinds him with teenagers because his wife died when someone hit her car. <br /> <br /> Steve and Jane took them to Halen's office, but they did not find anyone hiding or feeling, but Dave admits that the office was vandalized. Against the sergeant. Burt's advice, Dave turns teenagers into their parents. Steve and Jane have never fooled their parents into believing they are comfortably sleeping in the bed of adventure again. They go to the town and see the dog of the old man who walked away from them in front of a supermarket. When they go to retrieve the Buster, Steve steps in front of the electric eye door in the grocery store and opens. They do not find anyone inside, but they face the point. Steve and Jane turn to the refrigerator and are not attacked by the point. Later, after they fled, Steve persuaded the teenagers who challenged him to race in the street to alert the authorities because he was supposed to be in bed. Police Chief Dave and Fire Department arrive at the supermarket. Steve tries to convince Dave that the point is in the store. At about that time, the poor designer kills the theater and attacks the filmgoers. Suddenly, a crowd of people come out of the theater and thought Dave Steve. Steve and Jane wind down the lunch counter that blob attacks. The owner and our heroes are in the basement and Steve discovers that a fire extinguisher with its frozen contents forces the point to retreat. <br /> <br /> Authorities collect every fire extinguisher in the city and have been able to freeze the point. . The Pentagon sends a team to move the point to the North Pole. Since the remains of the point turn into a polar ice pack, the final credit appears with a giant question mark. Product James B. Harris on military footage of a major military transport aircraft belonging to the company Globe is depositing the canopy and its cargo. <br /> <br /> "The Blob" proved its success in driving and Steve McQueen's rise to stardom added momentum. Unless you're young, this little horror film is not scary at all, but Yewworth and his cowardice create enough paranoia and sympathy for our heroes. They never show the knock that actually absorbs its victims and leaves it to your imagination, so "The Blob" is not without a little precision.
