I had seen it for the first time in several years on an outdated Sicilian TV channel now; it is surprising that the film appeared in KDE at a high price of the Criterion: I'm not sure what I had done from it at first (though it has earned a place of worship over Years, the correct achievement is clearly seen modestly even by amateur-type). Not to make your purchase? As I did with FIEND similar and unfamiliar to me without a face (1958). However, I have recently been able to get the BLOB through a copy of the DVD, which is interesting to have acquired the audio tracks of the "Special Edition" standard? But unfortunately, I could not turn off the Spanish translation during the run of the main feature! Anyway, when I look at the movie again, I was surprised at how much I enjoyed it (although there are a lot of narrative flaws, which I will come back to later) ?? As an example of the closure in the film "B-movie" (filmed unnaturally nice colors) and a time capsule depicting social attitudes in the late fifties. The male lead was an early role for Steve (McQueen), and although the actor later looked down upon it, his only contribution to this type proved to be somewhat common: the kicks did not hinder events but remained a good foundation (and, more importantly, , Altruism) child. The special effects depicting a dense and expansive creature are not very bad in terms of genre and duration; the film itself rises to a good peak? (DAUGHTER OF HORROR [1953/7], as I recently mentioned in the review of this film, but it is strangely presented "Turned On" and any sequence, by the way, will be shown at the opening of the satirical Italian program called "Blob"!) . With regard to the minor quirks I have recognized with the film: The monster does not appear as he travels ?? They appear only in a variety of places, and no one sees them before; there is an ominous focus (as a charge) on the babies with the police; it is absurd that the city doctor fires at the blop ?? As if liquids, whatever their proportion, can be destroyed by bullets! Equally important, teenagers alert the residents of the town by making door-to-door visits (especially when thinking about it, at that point, only McQueen was the one who actually saw the monster)! A poor sequel appeared in 1972 called BEWARE THE BLOB!; The original was rewritten in 1988? I've seen this not long ago, but I do not seem to have left a lasting impression of myself (although I know Michelle Elliot likes it). For the record, I will follow this show through other collaborations between Yeaworth and producer Jack H. Harris, 4D MAN (1959) and DINOSAURUS! (1960).
