Films such as Chocolat, Beau Travail and others have been directed by French director Claire Denis at the forefront of the world's most distinguished and accomplished filmmakers, and her 2004 film The Intruder (L'Intrus) adds to the depth of her portfolio. A film that conveys a mood of loneliness and permanent loss, the film presents a glimpse into the psyche of a man who deteriorates physically and mentally and travels to different parts of the world in search of salvation and peace but finds it difficult to reach. Based on Jean-Luc Nancy's diary about the heart transplant, The Intruder is a film that is so vague that even after two performances, it is hard to describe it in terms other than impressionist terms. <br /> <br /> Louis Trepor (Michael Sobor) is a 70-year-old man who is likely to die of heart disease and, like Professor Wild Sturmans at Ingmar Bergman, tries to deal with the mistakes of his life while he has time. He is obviously physically solid and very wealthy but he seems emotionally drained and the look on his face is a calm resignation. Although we see only one episode of violence, where he comes out of bed in the middle of the night to kill an intruder, there is a wicked feeling about him. He may be an intelligence officer, a foreign agent or a successful man. <br /> <br /> In any case, he appears to be under some kind of surveillance and acts as a man involved in criminal offenses and is now only able to see the consequences. Close-up shots of the face throughout the film create a strong sense of isolation. He lives with his dogs in a cabin in the mountains of Jura near the French-Swiss border and has a strange son (Gregorard Collin) neglected for a long time. Sydney lives nearby with his wife Antoinette (Florence Loire Kyle) and their two children. In one of the stories, he meets his father on the street and calls him crazy, but that does not stop him from taking his money. <br /> <br /> When the movie opens, we meet with Antoinette, a Swiss border guard, who is traveling in a car with a trained dog to sniff out some smuggled goods. When she returns home, her husband, who asks her by her tongue, receives her "if she has anything to declare?" Unlike these three individuals, the characters and circumstances we see during the rest of the film may exist only in Lewis' imagination. He has three women in his life, and we meet them all in the first half of the film: a pharmacist (Bambo) is preparing his medicine, a neighbor (Beatrice Dale), a dog breeder who refuses to take care of his dogs when he goes away on a trip that tells him they are crazy, Rossi (Katya Golubia) tells him he wants a "young heart". <br /> <br /> She chases him relentlessly throughout the film but seems to be only in his mind. In the final part of the film, Lewis travels to South Korea in search of a heart transplant and to Tahiti to present a gift to a different son, whom he has not seen for many years or perhaps never before. However, it seems that the transplant of his heart is a metaphor for a man without a heart, a man whose life was wonderful but without direction at the end, and entered the lives of others with little real sympathy. The Intruder has an audio recording of Stuart Stables from Tindersticks, reminding us of Jim Guermusch's Dead Man, and a great cinematography by Dennis Agnes Godard. <br /> <br /> Goodard creates memorable images. The baby's expression gradually turns from morose to half a smile, colorful signs blowing from a modern baptism ship, a massage in a dark room by a mysterious Korean masseuse, and a vast expanse of The oceans were seen from the collapsed deck. While spam can be frustrating because of its elliptical nature, Dennis forces us to respond from our own experience, to understand the images on the screen at a very personal level. If there is any subject, a tip can be found in the opening telling us what was gradually revealed in the film - "The worst your enemies are hiding, in the shadows, in your heart."
