"Well, I can not summarize the plot, but it is really a wonderful personal study of a very scary man." Then, in a slight embarrassment, he said: "Well, I can not summarize the plot, I encountered someone who actually knew what had happened, that is, Trebor draws his new heart unintentionally. My last film was a long day in the middle of the festival. Maybe you are not. The better the film, the more likely it is to play it in daydreams that really send me a dream. I do not know did you know that there was a twist in O'Henry's pain behind Ken Lee just as it ended up. It is learned that it is about the heart, and then look for fun and calm talents. My note of conspiracy loss was more about the intricacies of Trepour's links in France and its relationship to dog and other women, things I was awake about. Dennis barely takes a look at the details that may be anchored to another troubleshooting treatment. <br /> <br /> But I often write these things out of memory, especially festival films, movies with no DVD (Le Lait de la, and the beloved Humaine representing one of the many examples), and the faults fade much faster than The broader impressions. Still, or indeed, L'Inrus in my memory more than anything else a personal study of the kind of dark man of the dark side, a wicked does not merge into the genre or historical decoration, but active and reasonable and relatively soft but patient, right between us. The scar, once it reaches it, makes it, visually, I mean, in the picture, a kind of hybrid monster Frankenstein, the mad doctor and all-in-one creation. Actual doctors are his tools. If the heart is not extracted and installed by itself, it is only because it is not possible. It is the force, always, the parasite consumes everyone who touches it, and in the end it is the same. what is? To point out that it is us, it seems that the first world versus the Third World is very simple because it does not feed on its first world colleagues, all of us. <br /> <br /> The Dennis camera - when looking at the things I know - usually goes to where you'll go, so I tend to trust it when you look at things I do not know. Snowmobiles and biking were very fast and the darkness of the forest was known in small ways, but the southern seas were not at all, so they entered better L'Intrus, both France and the crystalline islands at the end, rather than the Beau function. L'Intrus, for me, very comfortable film. It is a series of places that are familiarly photographed, with an intimacy that allows us to see whether we have actually seen or not. One image, Trebor Biking, its great weight on the racing frame, the crashing air sounds, the screaming tires, the asphalt bar, the bright green with bright sunlight, told me that the film would be linear, a journey, an individual direction driven by will. <br /> <br /> Despite the personal power of Trebor, it is a human failure. No matter who he is, he is alone, although he has not always. His body aborts life twice, first he needs the new heart, and then though. L'Intrus is a tragedy. Trepor is arrogant. <br /> <br /> I am moving dangerously about something I remember. Let's leave it as it is.
