Sammo Hung's 1989 Pedicab Driver is a masterpiece of his work. I have to agree to some extent that the film in its greatest parts has become truly amazing and wonderful like any Hong Kong film. It is a combination of good drama, well written, interesting and sympathetic characters (and also non-sympathetic), some really funny humor, really excessive kung fu, content to make a lot of jaw fall when someone does not know with Hong Kong cinema watching movie as well as for To unique industry enthusiasts with experience. <br /> <br /> Sammo and Max Mok Siu Chung play a role in the pedicab program that lives in Hong Kong in the central part of the last century, I believe. They drive their cars and their cars desperate for love. Samo is interested in the local baker girl Ping (Nina Le Chi), while Max meets the mysterious and beautiful Fennie Yuen Kit-Ying, whom he loves madly. Many other characters are also presented, and will remain perfectly clear all the time if the viewer really focuses on the film and its outline, so I can not say that the film is confusing because it may be a lot worse especially in Hong Kong! We soon learn, for example, that the ruthless gang of gangs terrorize the neighborhood, and its violent actions naturally affect our heroes as well, thus creating a hypothesis for some of the most heavily developed combat chains. In addition to some gentle drama. <br /> <br /> The movie has great actors. All the prospects are very good and self-restraint (not too much and "humor" as in the wonderful "Oriental Condors" in Samo (1987)). They are also, thanks to the carefully written scenario, lovable and very easy to identify with. The cast includes many familiar Hong Kong film faces and directors in small roles such as Corrie Yuen Kwai (legendary director and filmmaker such as Soul Savior 1 and 2 and Ninja in Dragon Den and Phong Sai Yok 1 and 2) John Woz The Keller and Ringo School Lam fire and fire imprisonment among many others, including Pedicab Driver!), Veteran Liu Shu Lian Xia Liang (who with Samo has an angry fight with sticks), Alfred Cheung Ken-Ting Noir classic shaded on the fugitive of 1988), the late great Lam Qing Ying (commonly known as the friendly face in the mott Wrap Vampire movies horror / Kung Fu / Hong Kong comedy) to name a few. In fact, the representative team at Pedicab Driver represents one of the most interesting games I have seen in any other production of Hong Kong. <br /> <br /> The film contains some particularly quiet and interesting moments about the love relationship between Max Mok and Fennie Yuen and one crisis they face thanks to Low Lo's character. They could really do this quite seriously if they wanted to discuss human values ​​and the meaning of love, no matter what you did or what you did for life, get really serious and effective in the middle part so that the movie immediately gets more attention than the actor Kung Fu. The efforts of other personalities to deal with things are very moving and I am pleased with many about human relations, the right friendship, and of course love. I still think that what Finney says about Max (about "bad cooking" in the future) is not absolutely necessary, and leads to the full potential of the entire slide and its subjects, unfortunately. <br /> <br /> But then we get to something that has attracted the attention of filmmakers more than others. It is action, the most terrible and most important event. It includes scenes of traditional kung fu fighting, some sticks, slicers and the like, and is used here hysterically as in the most spectacular kung fu scene I have ever seen in any film, Jackie Chan, Drunken Master II (1994) Really great! There are wires that are used very intelligently and literally fly people to the opposite corner of the room when they are kicked or punched. Simply stunning and again can only offer Hong Kong cinema. Dangerous stunts make the viewer hold his breath because the film contains one quick car versus a pedicab chase sequence and many dangerous-looking jumps and twisted bodies flying through the air and crushing hard to the difficult destination. Still, filmmakers do not "accept" the violence of the film because Samo, like the late Bruce Lee, is ready to give up after the recent deadly chaos in the guerrilla villa. I think this kind of morale, no matter how clear or shallow, is Something good even in a harmless movie like this, where cinema is meant to be much more than just mindless entertainment. <br /> <br /> The film also contains some great humor shots that I'm not sure everyone in Hollywood or America (for example) will understand or admire at all. Surely the glee of Star Wars at first was one of those things, and literally forced me to laugh when I realized what I was seeing. Also some funny scenes are created from the passion of Samo Ling. However, the biggest surprise was the footage in the previous pharagraph, where the images of big and long men who fly on screen to the walls or furniture are simply mad, so I can not hide my feelings and thoughts about these Oriental filmmakers when I see something Such, this is only a positive reaction and my appreciation, of course. <br /> <br /> Pedicab Driver is among the most famous motion pictures in Hong Kong I've ever seen and easily one of Samo's greatest achievements. If there are no minor flaws, this may be brighter and higher. 10/08
