It's a nice and easy 1950s comedy. Kim Novak belongs to a group of witches in Manhattan. She puts a mantra on neighbor Jimmy Stewart from boredom but eventually falls in love with him and loses her powers. See, allows the sorceress to have "hot blood" but not love. Elsa Lancaster is the aunt of Novak, a witch too. Jack Lemmon is her brother, as previously. Hermione Gingold is the main magician, and Ernie Kovacs is Sydney Redlitch, an author specializing in writing about witches. <br /> <br /> She has described it as a comedy from the 1950s because it can hardly be confused with anything else. Everything is smooth and very polished, from the specific decoration, through the wardrobe and plot, to presentations and direction. Take the character of Ernie Kovacs. Referred to as "Makhmour and Goz". Here's how the movie illustrates these qualities. He asks about a second drink, and although he always wears a jacket and tie like other gentlemen, his hair is a bit long and torn. This is the 1950s version of sugar and nut. Nothing outside the place. Everything is neat and dust-free. The soles of Jimmy Stewart's shoes are barely being scraped. <br /> <br /> The Zodiac Club, where witches hang around. It is called "low dive". However, it is a clean and dark place with polite waiters, five musicians, customers dressed neatly, and plants planted on brick walls. This is not my idea or idea of ​​a "low dive" - ​​even for Greenwich Village in 1958. My idea of ​​diving in Greenwich Village is Julius or the White Horse Tavern or the San Remo or the Swing Rendezvous, now a lesbian hangout. The Zodiac Club is a great dive compared to these. <br /> <br /> The calm we hear about is always silent according to today's standards. I mean Kim Novak is curious because she is about her flat and bare feet. She wears a lot of black clothes like the Betnik clothes of that period. <br /> <br /> But do not mind it. It's a fun romantic comedy. Kim Novak is as effective as Gillian, who runs a primitive art shop for enthusiasts. She has a strange beauty, a huge ethereal at the same time. She slides instead of walking, in a mysterious presence. Her eyebrows are painted with a set of French plastic curves. Jimmy Stewart is as good as the stunning and charming victim. In the 1930s he usually played light roles in the postwar years and during most of the 1950s, he was the protagonist of the tortured novel, but he used his early comedy experience well. Who can resist laughter when Hermione Gingold forces him to wear a shawl and drink a bunch of hideous fluids for his treatment of the Novak mantra? It is good to see him as a persecuted man instead of an angry and angry principle man who was in danger of becoming. Richard Quinn directs the film quietly, without fireworks or special effects, and does some interesting things that the play could not have. Notice the scene in which Novak casts a mantra on Stuart, when the face and ears of the Siamese cat appear to blend with Novak's stunning eyes. <br /> <br /> Ernie Kovacs was a well-known television personality. There was nothing at all like The Ernie Kovacks Show before - or after. It brings the word "surrealism" to mind. He could show five minutes of stylized and unspeakable rides in an uninhabited room with the Bartok Concerto just for an orchestra as background. He drew an unmistakable drawing using the character of Percy Deauville, an effete poet. This kind of credit goes beyond Brothers Brothers, but this is unofficial because these two men - Betty and Conti - were distinguished musicians in independent jazz careers. Conte was later a member of the Duck Severison band in the late Johnny Carson program. <br /> <br /> The third type of swamp has become a bit more "romantic" than "comedy". But it is never boring. The entire film runs alongside Van Druten, and the children are likely to get a kick from it as well.
