John van Drotten "The Bell, the Book and the Candle" is a delightful and unexpected fantasy about the splendor of modern-day witches living in New York City. The feature of the film was obviously attractive. She had a wonderful role for Gillian Holroyd, her former lover, the publisher of the forced book, Shepard Henderson and her crazy family, including Shib's amazing fiance, Merle Kitridge, who began her chances of playing with Gillian Shipp. She even had a Pyewacket, a Siamese familiar with good timing miaows, Sydney Redlitch, a fake witch expert with wild excuses and misconduct. In short, her product seemed, perhaps, the charm of the box office. Thus proved that. There were many things right to produce, and there was only one element that was not perfect; but I found the rest amusing, charming and very entertaining. First of all, the scenario of Daniel Taradach maintained the best qualities in the brilliant play but opened its sights to the village of Greenwich and other parts of the New York scene. The artistic production was beautiful, with a cinematic portrayal of the legendary James Wong Hao, a wonderful result of George Danning, exquisite collections by Louis Diag and Jean Louis's gowns. Among the most poignant actors are Wolf Barzil, Howard McNair, Janis Roll as Merle, Ernie Kovacs as Rilitic, Jack Lemmon as Gaelia's abusive brother, the great comedians Elsa Lancaster and Hermione Ginkold as charming female colleagues and Kim Novak in one of the most influential parts of Gillian. Jimmy Stuart was the missing element in my estimation. He performed well with the comedies on his part, but was not convincing as a publisher of books in New York, and was very old for the Henderson part anyway. But director Richard Quinn used hidden lighting, speed changes, and unusually formed footage to indicate the strangeness of the film's charming parts, while keeping the other parts very bright but directly in view. The main crisis of the scheme comes in the film when Gillian falls in fact on Henderson, who does not believe in witchcraft at all. I have only begun to run away from his fiancée, her rival at the university. Later, when Henderson tries to get out, he continues to return to her - and he realizes that he is suffering from a mantra, where she tried to apologize to him to explain to him. At the same time, Sydney Redlitch was called through the charming charm of coming to New York to sell his book to Henderson. Of course he knows nothing about magic, but he is very perplexed and is interested in knowing why he has ever come anywhere; but Gillian's brother enlightens him. Everyone finally comes out in this romantic irony where Gillian shows her love for Henderson by losing her power - which happens to witches when they truly love human beings. Of course, he never wanted to resist them anyway. The film talks about a dialogue and magic and a little bit of his "magic" in the magic of witchcraft and the crises that Gillian has to fight with herself, and to win the man she loves. The beautiful end to this extraordinary beautiful romance made by its amazing realism, although it is a fantasy, made it perfectly in my opinion. Delicious delicious.
