"Bill", "Book" and "Kendall" were the favorite of the mature actress that can be enjoyed in the summer season and enjoy. One of the famous stories, told by director Harold Kennedy, Ginger Rogers insisted that her husband then, William Marshall, who was not an active actor, together. Marshall wore a wig, and as he walked through an entrance, he was caught on a nail and stayed behind, hanging in the doorway as he walked on stage. <br /> <br /> The play has been successfully adapted into a beautiful color film starring Kim Novak, James Stewart, Jack Limon, Elsa Lanchester, Heroin Gingold, Ernie Kovacs and Janice Roll. It's a light entertainment, around a natural family of witches (Novak, Lemmon and Lanchester) and the publisher (Stuart) who live in their own building. The most expert is the ugly ugly Gillian who likes to be normal. One evening, with Stuart in her apartment, she put a mantra on him using her Siamese cat, Pyewacket, which he falls in love with. <br /> <br /> "Bell Book and Candle" was filmed on a charming set to repeat New York. The movie is full of fun. Jack Lemmon is very funny in a supportive role for his brother Gillian, a charming musician and charming zodiac club. He uses his powers to turn the streets off and off and sometimes turn off the woman. Janice Roll is as perfect as the former Gillian competition in college, now dating to Stuart, and Ernie Kovacs has a big role in her eccentric writing, which writes the final book about witches. Of course, both Lanchester and Gingold are wonderful, the gentle Gillian aunt Lillachite and Gingold as a kind of magic queen. <br /> <br /> Kim Novak is a good fit for Gillian, giving a charming detachment personality, showing feelings when it's appropriate, and with that wonderful sound, face and wardrobe, it's certainly charming. Stewart, in his last invasion as a romantic leader, wears fashion with Novak as he did in Vertigo, and they form an effective team. It provides warmth, provides coolness, and makes sense together. In this, of course, is more elegant than "rotor". A charming film, good on a Sunday afternoon, good about Christmas (as part of it happens on Christmas) and it is wonderful if you love smiling.
