From time to time, you come across a film that determines your values ​​and shows you the depth of the true human emotion that leaves you exhausted. Viva is that ?? maybe more. After watching DDLJ, Saajan and Lamhey, I really thought that Bollywood had reached its peak and would never come up with anything like that - at all. The boy was wrong! I went to the store to buy some groceries and decided to pick up the movie with the new "DON" (just so I compare the Great AB with ShahRukh ?? although the decision was already taken in my mind). After discussing whether I should spend nearly 3 hours on a meaningless movie, I decided to watch it realizing that I had nothing else to do. When I saw the U rating instead of A, I was happy at least that it was something I did not have to watch women wearing fragile clothes and bad acting skills and I do nothing but dance at every opportunity they get and choose them with every man to show that they have more skills in bed From Hollywood actress B. In the first five minutes or so, I thought I would be subjected again to a meaningless story with bad behavior. After each person saw Shahid Kapoor know that he did not gain fame as a brilliant actor. Boy ?? I was wrong in this film. This film caught my attention after the first five minutes and will not be allowed to go out. It was a great film with a good story about the traditions of our vanishing society. I was not only impressed that the director was brave enough to make a film in which the young generation might not be associated with the concept of "arranged marriage" but also that he did it with conviction (it was right). I have no idea why some people thought that acting was not good. I felt that the acting was wonderful, and although the musical score was not considered the best at all, it was very good. The good thing is that this music will grow on people over time as you did with me after watching this movie again. The other good thing is that your songs are not pushed into the script as we've all seen in many movies. These songs really tell a big part of the story and are certainly welcome. As with Ajay Devgan from being a joke to a great actor (after Company), Salman found the groove after "Hum Aapkey Hain Kaun"; this film will help Shahid Kapoor move on to the best Bollywood actors and artists. This is his first film in which I love him and his role. He behaved well and was transformed into a rich, beautiful-looking child. Yes, you will not find him playing basketball and scoring every point on Donk as I saw ShahRukh in DDLJ (although he appears to be an Indian in England - both countries are not on basketball by the way) as completely believable as someone who holds his values. Amrita Rao, and for the first time I came across someone to remember. In all her other films she competed with big faces that were actually hampered. No one knew how good it was for an actress to really watch this movie. Some scenes in which you should cry, especially near the end, really show her knowledge and depth in acting. Although they were in other films they are memorable in this film. I think this film will and must do wonders for her. Moving Rani? Finally there is another girl, if you give a good chance to work with good managers, she can get the torch from you. She is beautiful with a great voice and has a face that exudes full innocence. Oh, almost 0% of body fat does not hurt either (yes, I will challenge you to find up to 0.1% fat on it and unlike many others like Sonali can do it too). I thought I would not be impressed by the beauty of anyone after Madhuri and early Kajol, but she completely changed it. Shahid and Amrita worked very well together and developed their relationship with his characters, both of whom did an excellent job (although I was waiting for a martyr to turn into a girl like Salman every time he uttered "Home Ake Hin Kun"). When I finished watching this film, it left me emotionally drained so much that I decided to watch this movie again (instantly). Yes immediately. I never did. Not even with DDLJ, but this film had something to understand again and again. I'm likely to watch this movie for the third time over the weekend just so I can see and restore the traditions we all grew up with. I miss those times when families sat and enjoyed. When parents had time for their children and where children respected what their parents thought. I know that many people think that the film does not portray real life but in its depths we do not all want to happen. Families, your tradition, love and respect. This is what the film will remind us of. I can assure you that it is a very good movie you will enjoy. I'm sure some young people will not like this movie, but if you're over 28 years old, I doubt you'll be one of them.
