Very cool movie! Jerry Trenka, the cartoon master of puppet, faces dictatorship in this latest film. It will be banned by the Czechoslovak Czech government (at the time), although it received the highest animation award in the country. <br /> <br /> In this dark and fun short film, an artist tries to create a new pot for his favorite plant. He makes his creations happily while dreaming that his plant will grow into a beautiful rose. Suddenly, he knocks on the door, and comes in this absolute giant hand, which tries to force the artist to make statues like her. The artist resists as much as possible, but in the end he is overwhelmed by persistent attempts, on his part, to force him to agree. Becomes brainwashed; intellectual coma. At this point, the hand attaches the artist's hand, puts it in a cage, and uses it to make hand sculptures. All the while glorifying the works of the artist and giving medals and decorations. <br /> <br /> The inner desire of the artist to be able to express himself freely is what helps him overcome his own indoctrination, enabling him to escape his imprisonment, whether literally or in his mind, and returns to his home where he must now live in fear Permanent of absolute hand wrath. He closes himself, believing that he is out of the reach of the Almighty, but in this process puts his plant and stands high, hoping to be out of reach, and ends up falling on his head, kill him. The artist is inevitably destroyed by his creation. All because of the constant fear that he had to live with him as soon as he fled the strings of the hand. Once she dies, the hand draws the artist as a great person, a national hero. Unfortunately, it is not in the circumstances or the reasons that the artist would like to remember. <br /> <br /> Tarnaka's condemnation of a totalitarian society, its lack of a right to freedom of expression is dark, hurtful and spectacular. No wonder the government banned it because this is the type of media people like and may listen to. Obviously this is unacceptable. An amazing example of the civil disobedience of artists and its impact. It is still very valid today for many parts of the world, from the United States to the Middle East. We must see 10 specific out of 10! Talk about coming out with a bang!
