At first I did not like why it was a Nazi swastika drama. But after buying it and seeing it, it was not so bad. I have heard a lot of complaints about the fact that the numbers are short and do not sing Elsey Werner. now I understand. The radio program was a high-profile radio program. Ilse, Johanne, Zara plus Rudy Shruki and a band such as Kurt Widman and the Cantics ex cetera have never appeared on the radio show because the singers and bands were jazz and pop. Club Foot organized it for a tour of the occupied territories of the soldiers to short-wave radios for soldiers in nightclubs and hotels, in Berlin and Hamburg, and record sales only. For this reason Ilse was not allowed to sing in this picture. This will consist of medium-budget music, which was made in 1942, and will be shown. But this is an excellent example of publicity. Enge and her aunt Ishhorn, played by Ida and West, go to the 1936 Olympics. The aunt forgets her tickets until Enge has to wait until her aunt returns with the tickets. He meets Karl Raditz, who plays Herbert, who has an extra ticket. Go with him and love at first sight. They are planning to get married but the Spanish war is on its way, so it has to do a task against the right side. Carl Radz, where many people complained that he was handsome and unusual. When he did Opfergang and put a drink on him in addition to his own slap that made him seem normal. The Nazi soldiers are behaving normally, like a scene where a former butcher and his troops in France steal pigs from a farm and are about to have lunch until their leader proposes to save pigs. This reflects the radicalization of animal rights in extremism. The butcher's character was now the soldier. It was hidden against eating meat. In the recent World War 11, Herbert flies on a German plane. We shoot one of the pilots until Herbert takes over. We shoot his plane. They broke down. Unfortunately for us alive. I saw that the Nazi soldiers were entering the bomb of the Catholic Church, and now they were putting the Catholics. Hubert's best friend, Joachim Brennicki, was playing the member, Beethoven. . The church is more bomb soldier continues to stay and play the member who asked him to leave. We eventually hit him. Promotional message? A member of the Catholic Church makes him addicted to it. We see? By this time, Eng became with her mother or grandmother, playing the role of Hedge Blipto, the great German actress who played Maria Holst in the Aunt Weiner Plott. This was not meant to be a musical segmentation, such as Cora Terry released in the same year, as well as Rosen in Tirol, and the music was supposed to be in addition to their war side just a retreat. It was a romantic film mainly in the war. It is easy to take a shot of a soldier in the film, but in fact, many of these soldiers were forced to fight the Nazi cause and the reason for the work and the monthly wage they would receive. . After the war, many regret it. This classic swastika is good. The only problem is that today you have skinheads of Nazis and Nazis, who have seen the same films to reflect their own Hitler cult. They have annoying sites that exploit these classic movies to raise money for insanity. Be careful most of the time, it's the classics you hate only. If the script seems to glorify him, then he goes beyond his Nazi Web site. Go to IHF or German war films dot com or Amazon dot Dee or net dot video German. It is legitimate. 01/23/10 Mada It was not a friend of Herbert who was killed in the church. He was a personal friend of Malt Jagger's Schwarzkopf.
