Anton Newcombe and Courtney Taylor are friends, both of whom lead in their own teams; Anton with the massacre of Brian Johnston and Courtney with Dandy Warhols. What is interesting about their friendship is that they are competitors. It's a love-hate relationship. Sometimes you hear them praising each other, but the next time you doubt the extent of stupidity and self-absorption. While Dandy Warhols has achieved commercial success, BJM is still stuck in the secret scene; and for good reason why. <br /> <br /> Focus on digging! It is more towards Anton and BJM, because they have a lot of substance. They are the most dysfunctional band. During the vehicles they will fight and beat each other. Anton will beat other members if they feel they are not performing properly. With the amount of drugs consumed by alcohol, the battle was always waiting. You know how people go to racing cars just to see if a major collision occurs; that's why people will go to the buggies, to fight. <br /> <br /> Anton is very unstable. He always thinks of himself as Christ the musician, wants to change music and create revolution, but he can not get out of the ground. He is a very talented musician, and it is amazing how many instruments he can play with that skill. But his retreat is that he can not escape the world he created; rich music is stuck in heavy black drugs, alcohol and depression. On the other hand, Dandy Warhols was facing their own problems. They did not find much success in their first album and were constantly fighting with their registration mark. But they found great success in Europe. But Courtney remains being absorbed again in the world of Anton. Interestingly, both Anton and Courtney had what the other needed. Courtney always wanted to be musically talented because Anton, although Anton did not say so, needed Dandy's commercial success for his revolution. These bands, there are lots of clips. There is no dull moment in Dig! He moves constantly because he has no time to slow down as much should say, seven years of telling stories in an hour and a half is a daunting task. Ondi Timoner has done a great job by compiling one of the best documentaries that will always make you want more. Even if you do not like the teams that are still worth seeing, it goes beyond music to reveal a wonderful story of a successful failure. <br /> <br /> You will not be disappointed.
