An excellent documentary, ostensibly about the friendship and subsequent rivalry between the Rock and Roll bands on the West Coast: Dandy Warhols and Brian Johnstown's Massacre. What is actually shown is the image of a rationalist on the border - Anton Newcomb - and his tortured relationship with the rest of the world. Interestingly, for a musical documentary, there is hardly any music. What exists - clips of songs, often not aborted by performers - is more accidental than central. Although the fans are musicians, the story is not about music, but about a particularly American version of a British myth of cartoon life, a story in which no one is responsible for acting like full-time teenagers. Tantrums, drugs, violence, blatant misconceptions, and seduction on a truly epic scale - all this is exhilarating or positively encouraging because it corresponds to some collective ideas about what rock and roll is about. As a film, this is a first-rate documentary, but it raises more questions than it answers. For example, why is Anton's music so conservative? For a person who is very brutal and awful (he is brutal and scandalous), his music does not seem to have exceeded the clearest derivations of his 1960s songs (The Stones, Velvets, etc.) for someone claiming to be able to run 80 musical instruments that never bothered you to learn to play None of which is beyond the primitive level. Similarly, the burning ambition of Dandy Warhols is based on a vision of rock and roll, which was staggeringly carved in 1969. There is nothing wrong in the past, of course, but surely there is more musical life than the permanent representation of caricatures from the late 1960s. Why do not they have some risk with their music - the way they did their role models? Because, one of the suspects, this is not about music. Music is merely an accessory, a pillar, or an excuse, to live a completely dysfunctional and irresponsible life. but why? In the Dandy Warhols case, the answer is clear: earn a lot of money and fame. Great deal. The case of Anton Newcomb is more interesting. He is obviously very talented, but every time he gets a chance to reach a wider audience, he sabotages it, usually in the most dramatic way possible. He is terrified of success, and at the same time, he hates anyone else he has - especially his former friends Dandy Warhols. Wonderful movie. Highly recommended.
