A documentary about two bands of rock stretching for several years. The massacre of Brian Johnstown and Dandy Warhols. What makes it unique is the examination of contradictory complex characters and the irony of success and failure. <br /> <br /> Anton Newcomb, the main man in the Brian Johnston massacre, is widely recognized as a musical genius and not just by him. Colleagues and friends and rivals Dandy Warhols, but also by record producers and most of the people who worked with him. Unfortunately he and his band members are also unable to integrate with the real world. Newcombe picks up battles with band members on stage or with audience members (they are caught at one point because of literally kicking at the head of a fan). Newcombe knows no boundaries? He plays between 40 and 100 different instruments, writes and produces all BJM music, can produce enough songs to fill an entire album in one day, has a prophet-like obsession with his own musical genius, but also uses heavy drugs, Of his own artistic integrity, and orders his band members as if they were the life forms of the world, and can blow deals as soon as they make them. BJM go through a large number of labels in quick succession? Sign them as soon as they realize the talents of Newcomb and let them go as soon as they realize that they can not be completely controlled. <br /> <br /> Warholz acknowledges their faith in the creation of Newcombe and does not put themselves in the same realm of greatness ?? But Warhols has something not BJM? Ability to combine their talents with common sense, real world, and their market? As a bowl of talent (even if a large part of it is distilled from the Newcombe teacher) and accessibility, it is a "wonderful" definition. drilling! Follow the parallel careers of the two bands with increased brilliance. At one point, Newcombe pulls out stunts designed to generate propaganda by sending clear death threats and hate messages to Warhols (in a box containing live ammunition and insults like a piece of soap to "clean up")? He just forgets to tell them that they are a stunt and so paranoid that they do a restraining order against Newcomb. By the time Dandy Warhols takes off in Europe with performances like "Every Day Must Be a Holiday" and "Bohemian Like You", Newcomb has become increasingly isolated. BJM has been stopped and the band breaks when they are caught for possession of marijuana? Warhols is caught on drugs at about the same time, allowing a warning, and even allowing him to keep the grass. <br /> <br /> DiG's broader appeal! Is that the lessons of genius versus access transcend two domains or even rock music. The downside is that it is still a documentary film, no matter how intimate, and will mostly attract only movie lovers or people who are already interested in the music of one or both of the distinctive bands. Newcombe may be a largely uneducated genius, and there are false glimpses of it in the film, but for the unbroken ear, there is little more than the assurances of the interviewees to prove it. "In every spiritual tradition, you burn in hell to pretend you're God and you can not support him," one of the band's members said. Newcomb does not pretend ?? But numerically, there may still be an insufficient number of people to estimate in his own life, DIG! He has a hard struggle to correct the balance for the genius of torture and is largely unrecognized.
