I watched this movie with my entire family of nine. Since my younger brother recently married, we can communicate with newcomers. The film highlights a classic touch given to the romantic couple engaged. Thankfully this time all Indian languages ​​such as Ranichit Mura, which have already been visited by most urban residents, have been used and thus added to the connection with the film. The dialogues are much better than those in the film "Umrao Jaan Ada" - a film based on dialogue. Background music increases the "soft focus" of the movie. It reminds me in a way of Vib Chopra's "Carib", where Nei and, to a certain extent, Bobby were fairly personal. The same thing here, as the leading pair does not disappoint any department or representative of the cast very good support. I appreciate the actress who plays the role of Bhabi in the front league. Real family interactions are real and you smile when you find yourself in the place of a character. The songs were suitable for the viewer and were in line with the film. However, although I respect Ravindra Jain for his body in action from the films to Ramayana, I have missed Ram Laxman badly. <br /> <br /> I had no double participants (Sivan class), no bikini, no intrigue, no nonsense. You can watch the movie with your parents comfortably unless you are already or will be participating soon. I want to say something frank here that although Suraj suggests that marriages be between families and not individuals only, his style is completely individual. The film revolves around Prem & Poonam, the rest of the characters are casual. The art of distorting life? Terminal characters are sent back to the background and the only champions are the main pair. <br /> <br /> When you return, everything was almost wonderful. Except for the dramatic part. The state of the tragedy was created artificially. The result, sacrifice and change of heart that followed is not convincing at all. This is why they lack the emotional punch, the purpose of this shift in events. However, there was a twist in the story necessary to go beyond the movie from a pre-nuptial video to a "feature film." But I kept waiting for the punch and never came. The preaching by Mahnish Pahal and then Alok Nath on the dowry was not in place and made things too much. This may help the film to be tax-free. But it was possible to make the plot more interesting and non-linear than it was. <br /> <br /> There was a question in my mind when the film ended: 1 Did the film really end? 2 Has the film finished?
