<br /> <br /> I'm sure things did not go the same way in the real life of Homer Hickam as they did in the movie Rocket Boys, but "October Sky" is good enough to stand alone. I did not read Hickam's memoirs, but I am still able to enjoy and understand their cinematic adaptation. The film, directed by Joe Johnston and written by Louis Kulik, chronicles the story of Homer Hickam (Jake Gyllenhaal), which began in October 1957. The film begins with the voice of the radio and follows the news of Russian satellite Sputnik, the first satellite in orbit. We see pictures of the gray-blue city and its people: most of them miners working in the coal company Olga. A miner listens to the news on a portable radio as he enters the elevator shaft, but the signal is missing because it disappears in the dark and loses the starry sky above it. Melody melodies violin fades with this picture. Then we get a shake from Elvis on the car radio while the words on the screen tell us the settings: October 5, 1957, Coolwood, West Virginia. Homer and his friends Roy Lee Cook (William Lee Scott) and Sherman Odell (Chad Lindberg) talk about football. Granting football is the only way out of the city, working in the mines, for these boys. "Why are the only CD players going to college?" Homer wonders. "They are also the only ones who get the girls," Roy told me. Homer does not make football like his older brother, so he goes to the mines and follows his father's footsteps as a businessman. Until he sees the point of light flowing through the October sky. Then he wants to build a rocket. "I want to go into space," Homer says. After a catastrophic attempt involving a primitive missile and his mother's fiance (Natalie Canarday), Homer evokes the help of Kennedy Wilson (Chris Owen) with the help of Nardi. Quentin Homer asks, "What do you want to know about the rockets?" Homer quickly, "everything." Miss Freda Riley (Laura Dern), a science professor at Big Creek Secondary School, supports Homer largely, and the four boys work on building rockets in the basement of Homer. His father, whose life to me, does not support him. John Hickam (Chris Cooper) believes that Homer should not waste his time on rockets, and that coal mines are all that counts. Coal used in mines is used in the steel industry, and without steel, the country will be nothing. The difficult relationship between Homer and his father is one of the most touching relationships I have seen in a film. Ms. Riley Homer introduced the idea of ​​entering the local science fair, with the opportunity to go to the citizens and win a university scholarship. "You can not just dream of getting out of Coalwood," Homer was told. Homer and his friends act on their dreams by constantly working on rockets, improving models with every attempt. Despite the many attempts, the boys do not lose their resolve. "What are the chances of winning this science fair," asks Odell Homer in one of the most desperate moments. "From one million to one," Homer answers. "this is good?" Odell responds, "Well, why did not you say that?" Music, composed by Mark Echam, conveys grief and hope at the same time, especially sad as Homer descends into the mine and loses sight of the sky and his dreams of coming out of Coalwood. Rock and Roll in the 1950s, including the songs of The Coasters and Buddy Holly, sometimes roll to musical instruments to create a lukewarm mood that contrasts with adolescent life and workers' lives. The film, by Fred Murphy, also uses colors to set the mood and icon. The town of Colwood, actually filmed in Tennessee, is washed with blues, gray and brown. It seems as if dirt from coal sticks to all faces, clothes, houses, and roads. When a couple in a bright red convertible stops asking for guidance from the boys, it is clear that they are from the world outside Coalwood and the Olga Coal Company. Miss Riley Lauder's Missile Design Book is red. The red is bright enough for the blue-gray Coalwood to symbolize "out," but it's still hidden. The reds quickly hint at a world dreamed of by Homer. Jake Gyllenhaal expresses such enthusiasm, hope and convenience as Homer Hickam that it is hard to believe that he is not the real Homer we see in real footage at the end of the film. Chris Cooper is also regarded as an exceptional endorsement as the stubborn parent of Homer, who neither admits nor wants to admit that the mine is not producing enough to keep the city alive. Homer, and everyone who encourages him to build rockets, realize that the city is dying. With the disintegration of society, the only way to stay together is to rally for the boys' demonstrations. Again, I'm sure that things did not happen exactly as the film did, but what would the film be without a little idealism? "October Sky" has enough of it just to make it a fantastic motion picture and rough enough to keep it real.
