October Sky Movie is very famous and it is easy to find out why. The story is easy to understand and many turning points are sweeping, and actors and actors perform fairly good jobs, especially Jake Gyllenhaal and Chris Cooper, the hero finally gets what he wants, a true story. Frankly, I believe that the director's achievement can not be compared to the evil and the original story is heated up. We do not see any particular narration or cinematography; the strength of the film depends to a large extent on the difficult plot and the difficult position of the young hero, where most of the audience finds themselves with the characters. We feel Homer's desire to win recognition of his father and create his future, and his resilience to our respect. ¡° October Sky¡¨ reminds me of Japanese production later in 2001 for the mini-series ¡¡Rocket Boy, ¡± which may owe some inspiration to this film. In fact, these two works, which were filmed from two different cultures, offer an interesting comparison. When October Sky reveals the story of a young man screaming loudly to demand his right to life, ¡§Rocket Boy¡¨ offers a more vulnerable description that may sometimes be a sharp criticism of modern society. From starring actor Yuji Oda, ¡®Rocket Boy On 'focuses on three ordinary men and can be: a travel agent with a dream of becoming an astronaut, a vibrant advertising agent on the verge of being torn apart by the inferiority complex of the great success of his father and older brother (Like what Homer feels in his family), an employee at a food company is about to get married but afraid of the idea. The social consciousness that has been collected redefines the success of its components and the additional steps to force them to stifle their dreams by demanding them. To compensate for his lost ideal, Kubayashi (Yuji) works in the tour operator because, when his client fails and decides to leave his girlfriend, he finally finds power from the words of his father, who decided to be a sailor but found life in the sea later less attractive than he had assumed. "But I do not regret it," he told his father Kobayashi, at least I tried. "It is his father's confession that encourages him to quit his job and apply for astronauts despite the fact that his legs are hurting and he needs to move in a wheelchair." Finally Kobayashi's effort failed, and returned to the travel agency. Before the end of the series, Kobayashi works as a guide to a space camp designed to allow children to learn more about astronauts.After the tour ends, we see him leaning on a tree and uncovering a poster from the billboard that says: 2004. ¨ Kobayashi looks at the piece of paper and laughs and laughs, has been A child looking at his memory to Disneyland, Kobayashi may never get what he wants, but he dares to his fate and does so. "This series is sweeping the heart not because the hero shows any heroic deeds, but his usual doctrine and constant urge to achieve his dream that makes us wonder And envy. Unlike Dilbert or other satirical writings, this exhibition illuminates and teaches us something. Both Homer and Kobayashi have a dream, doing everything in their power despite the opinions of others. I recommend other IMDB users to watch the Japanese TV series. If you are nine to five people, you will feel more touch. I'm sorry that IMDB does not have its data, maybe you can ask someone from Japan to help you.
