Based on the truth, this is the story of a teenager named Homer Hickam (Jake Gyllenhaal), who grew up in a coal city in West Virginia where the boy's usual fate was "to end up in the mines." But Homer was watching his eyes in the sky and loving him for the flying missiles, raising the resentment of his father, who works in the field of mines, and the concerns of the city's residents in general. Surely, he and three of his pariahs on an equal footing are starting to make rockets flying from barren land eight miles from the city, so that they will no longer intimidate society with their often corrupt missiles. Unfortunately, most of the city and especially the father of Homer (Chris Cooper) believe they are wasting their time. However, people became intrigued and soon began to come out in large numbers to watch 'Rocketboys' sending their homemade rockets. There is only one teacher (Laura Dern) in high school who understands their efforts and allows them to know how they can become contenders at the National Science Fair where the award is the prize. Now the gang must learn to master their craft and overcome many of the problems they face while shooting stars. Joe Johnston has always been a famous name for his films, such as Gumangi and Jurassic Park 3 and October Sky certainly stands above all his other films. Without any doubt, "October Sky" is his best effort and obviously his best film. It's not just a real story that was filmed very well, but even as a film, it contains everything, which is required for high-level cinema. Aside from Johnston's unusual trend, there are some special offers. Jake Gyllenhaal was about 19 years old when the film was shown and it performs beautifully and naturally. He is an ideal actor. Chris Cooper and his father, also gives very good performance. The same goes for Laura Dern and she also looks pretty. So the rest offers very well. The background score was good. Very inspiring film, which raises your soul high heaven. One of those films that certainly inspires you throughout your life. Awesome inspiring film with lots of entertainment. Not to be missed.
