A simple and effective film about what life is about, and responding to challenges. It took a lot of time for Homer and his friends to become able to grow into manhood without falling into the trap of a pre-manufactured future from father to son, to be mine in the local mine and never out of this fate. It also took three different challenges for Homer and his friends to conquer a personal and free future. The challenge of the first man-made satellite, Sputnik 1, a Soviet satellite, is a landmark in human history, a turning point that Homer and his friends could not miss, do not want to miss. Then challenge science and applied mechanics to calculate and devise a rocket from scratch or rather from what they can gather in books and order in their minds. Finally, the challenge of a world that resists, rejects and tries to force you to return to the package, even with an inappropriate accident, forces you to return to the package for simple survival, and even after that Homer proved that he had the courage to accept the challenge that had been obscured for a while His own plans and dreams. But there is another aspect of the story that is not sufficiently focused on the film. Homer is the project holder but also the inspiration he and his friends need. If he is the person who will receive the university scholarship, because his friends gave him precedence, his friends will also be able to walk their own roads and paths and get out of the mining destiny, thanks to his inspirational energy setting before their eyes. It is sometimes difficult not to follow the example of someone who looks like a lighthouse on a difficult road. But the film is also effective in showing how the father resisted this dream because science for him was not the fabric of a real man, like mining or football. The fate of the working class, which was present in the 1950s and 1960s and is still present in some areas, is often imposed by the traditional thinking of the father. If the mother does not have the courage to talk one day, the fate of the working class I'm talking about becomes a huge trap. Here too the film is effective and must make some parents think. Perhaps this was the fourth challenge Homer had to face: the challenge of walking down a road that was not what his father referred to. <br /> <br /> Dr. Jacques Colardieu, University of Paris Dauphin and University of Paris 1 Sorbonne deities
