I had lost confidence in R. Sorag. Paragatia after the film Main Prem Ki Deewani Hoon, then a year ago now I saw promotions for Vivah that looked good. But I do not want to waste my money barely acquired in the cinema. When the movie first appeared on the DVD, I hired it and watched it and loved the movie and recovered my words about Suraj. I just finished seeing him again this time and this time I thought I should review this film. SORAG R. Barjatya Get it now, well, I was not very impressed with the application of Hum App Ke Hai Kaun. But I've always loved Mani Pierre Kia, after Mani Pierre Kia for me and I think that Vivah is the best work of Barjatyas. I hardly cried in a movie, but this film made me feel like crying. If you are in love before, there will be several moments to be caught in this movie, the film is very sweet and will make you love it, my movie opinion is too low. <br /> <br /> The story of this movie may be called the very old forums and times, but for me it looked fresh because the couple who get organized marriages realize that it is an old tradition. This is happening nowadays, and many people do not believe in this arrangement for marriage, but I do believe it. The journey between engagement and wedding ceremony which will always be special and this film clearly shows. When Prem meets with Poonam for the first time, they show how he and this is the reality and my parents where they say this is how they married it and showed it in a very real way yes people also meet Prem and Poonam in this film is how most marriages occur. She was very sweet, feeling tense and excited, the song "Do Ajnabe" shows this well. Going back to the story, yes, it's a trip that quickly stumbles between Prem and Bonam (Shahid Kapoor and Amrita Rao) and the families there. There is a twist in this film that is really good, the last 30 minutes you will reach it all to get to the tissue box. <br /> <br /> What makes this film so amazing is the chemistry between Prem and Bonam, and how they fall into each other so sweet. A simple boy and a simple girl, when they meet for the first time during and after the song "Do Anjane Ajnabe" is very nice to see, barely saying anything, and Prem does all the truth with her about his past and the girl he loves smoking. Then leads them all to a family trip, and then happens when they actually fall. It makes you just want to watch the couple and watch all the nice moments they have. Another factor is that Punam Chichi really means it and feels sorry towards Bonam because she was treated badly and make you want to see her happy and when you finally discover happiness, you also begin to feel happy with her film making you basically fall in love with Punam more than just Prem. When you find happiness through Prem, you'll want to stay happy as you hope it will not happen because the character appears as a simple sweet girl. Which leads me to the shows and Americana Roa where Poonam is amazing in the film, her best work so far will fall in love with this innocent character and her roots in order to find happiness. Shahid Kapoor, Prem is also amazing, he supports Bonam in the film, he is happy for the film, together they share amazing chemistry and have never seen a nice couple since SRK and Kajol. If Ishk does not touch you, he will tell you how wonderful this will is. "Mujhe Haq hai" song and before that is the amazing chemistry they offer. The scenes that touched me when he took Prem Boonam to his room and shows her that this is where they will stay and open it and have a moment among them very sweet. Again, if you ever love someone these scenes you can contact them defiantly. The movie is the sweetest thing you'll ever see. <br /> <br /> The trend right away, for me a good film is basically something that can attract me and prevent me from believing these watches are being seen here as a fake camera and there are presenting them. For me, this film attracted me, and I felt during those three hours that I was really connected to the film. The songs that you will really like only when you have watched the movie because it's songs put in position after you saw the movie I played the songs nonstop! The music is amazing, the story is very amazing and also what can I ask for more? <br /> <br /> What I can finally say, we rarely get a movie that makes us feel comfortable, this film after you have seen it will make you feel really good and make you want to be a better person. It's basically the sweetest trip of all. It basically shows you that it moves between betrothal and marriage, and many people say it's the best part of your life. Well, does this film really show you how people say it? Why do people actually say that the trip is amazing! Watch this movie and you'll discover why the trip is amazing!
