When I saw the commercials of this film, I was absolutely convinced that I would hate it. For one reason, one of those films was "loosely built on the novel," which usually meant that the author of the book saw the text, hated it, and refused to relate to it. Even worse, the trailer only showed the most imaginable worldly plates (for example: the baby is sprayed in the face with a garden hose ... and falls). So when my little brother put in his mind that this is the movie "Must See" for the season (of course, think the same about "cars," "hedgehogs," "bully ant," "house monster," etc.) I was less than happy. <br /> <br /> But as soon as I got to the stage, the film was taken for a variety of reasons: First of all, the book "Children's Dialogue" captures better than other children's films I have seen. A clear example of this comes immediately after the boys accidentally eat a worm stuck in the egg omelet.The boys are making an exaggerated lame impression, exaggerated by the president who is lecturing them, which makes the Then, one boy asked, "Why did he say," The alley? "Another boy says," He may be crazy! "And the entire group laughs rudely. It is not an extraordinarily clever reaction, but exactly the kind of thing that a young child can do immediately and the type of observation that other children will find joyfully, as if to confirm it, my little brother laughed at a cue when they spoke on the screen; Speaks with the same exact lines if placed in a similar position. <br /> <br /> Another reason for the film is that the writers were able to work on issues such as bullying, fraternal relations, a new child at school, and peer pressure / matching without making any of them seem as if they were a subset of some after school. For example, Joe is not typical; it is certainly bad but not pure evil, revealing enough of his domestic life that the public feels sympathy for him and understands the origins of bullying. Nor is there a moment of "drama cue" where Billy ("Worm Boy") realizes the complete tool he presents to his younger brother Woody. However, at the end of the film, a kind of slight shift was made. There is some realism here in the way the characters resolve positions and in how they relate to each other, and very few of them appear as cords. <br /> <br /> The only drawback to the film comes in the form of a laughable dance scene so that creators at McDonald's notorious Mac and I will make fun of it. Why oh why put in the film? Did Austin Rogers (Adam) withdraw McCulay Colkin and refuse to play the role unless he was given a vehicle to demonstrate his impressive dance skills? Surely the entire sequence did not need to be there and had a slightly less comedic value than any particular show on the History Channel. <br /> <br /> In general, this film was excellent and its length (about twenty-two minutes) was about perfect. One of the best thrilling, more realistic and realistic children's movies you'll ever see is whether you're around kids or just remember how a child actually was.
