I have never seen such a movie before. I was on the edge of my seat and I kept laughing throughout the film. I never thought such a terrible representation was all too funny. The story behind the film is decent but the movie scenes fail to be filmed. I have never seen such a stupid film in my life, and that's why I think it's worth watching. I give this film 10 out of 10 because it is the most pathetic film ever and it seems that this movie was just created to become a trash can. I mean the scenes look very fake and the actors act like "the camera in front of them." You will get a kick just watching how lame this movie is, my friend and I can not stop jokes during the movie, darthvader guy who tries to get the girl ran not once but twice and the second time he ran it looked like he said sh! # Although he does not speak English lol. If you watch this movie, you'll think to yourself that all those other films you did not like considered a Muslim are better. This film must be seen out of curiosity, as well as what kind of film knows lame. The snake encountered the girl's villain many times were silly, the evil snake only supernatant and waste and let it go unpunished every time. The evil snake had a lot of opportunities, it was as if God was trying to say in a hurry and eat the girl how many miracles you want. Moving between scenes makes you wonder if I missed something? Lots of plot holes from place to place. I was laughing like crazy when they decided to "escape to Mexico" to stay away from the snake. Hmmmm navigation between the border will save you the snake from Korea? Interesting ... very interesting .... I think navigating the border solves all the problems. Another scene angered me completely .. They met for the first time and had a romantic scene on the beach kissed him and no one knew ... The scene was clichéid and was not guaranteed in other films at least it may seem logical later, but I mean that they are only in spite of their reincarnation , There were feelings like they loved each other immediately instead of evolving. Anyway, this movie is worth watching in order to open your eyes and see the light. Hollywood's bad movies will look like paradise when compared to this. In the end, it's worth watching and you will not feel bored, and you will occupy yourself by criticizing every moment, every scene in your head.
