Hollywood Hotel is associated with several films such as "Ella Cinders" and "Merton of the Movies" about someone winning a contest, including a contract to produce films in Hollywood, just to find the way to stardom, either paved with pitfalls or nonexistent. In fact, as I was watching it tonight in Turner Classic Movies, I was thinking about whether the later composers of "Singing in the Rain" took some of their ideas from the Hollywood Hotel, most notably the star of a moody lady in a film studio and a one-person conclusion Sings the result of a film while someone else got oral credit on the screen. <br /> <br /> "Hollywood Hotel" is a wonderful example of filmmaking in the 1930s. Among the supporting players are Luela Parsons, she plays herself (and despite some negative comments I've seen, she has a very attractive personality on the screen and a natural lead to her lines). She is not the only real person in the script. The makeup specialist at Burke Westmore briefly appears to be trying to make someone like someone else. <br /> <br /> This film was also one of the first films in the life of young Ronald Reagan, where he played a radio presenter at the premiere of the film. In fact, Reagan was doing a very good job in his short scenes - especially when he realized that no-one Dick Powell was about to grab the microphone when it should be used with more important people. <br /> <br /> Dick Powell won a Hollywood contract in a competition, leaving his job as a bass player in the Benny Goodman band. By the way, the beginning of this film is very fascinating, as the band is going in a parade of trucks to give a good farewell to Paul. They ended up singing "Shout for Hollywood". The interesting thing about this wonderful figure is that the vocals were intentionally excluded. In all the songs of Johnny Mercer are references to Hollywood such as Max Factor, King of Make-up, Tin Tin, and even a hint of Tarzan. But the original song refers to a song like Tyrone Power. It is clear that Jack Warner and his brothers did not announce the 20th-century leading man Fox, and Donald Duck's name was replaced. However, the number showed that Goodman's musicians and musicians were at their best. He also did a five-minute later section of the film, where the band trains. <br /> <br /> Powell leaves the band and his girlfriend (Francis Langford) and goes to Hollywood, only to find that he is a contract player. (Most likely for musical plays involving a saxophone player). He was received by Alan Jocelyn, studio administrator (owner is Grant Mitchell). Jocelyn is not a bad colleague, but he is busy and tends to avoid people unless it is necessary to talk to them. He is booking Powell in a Hollywood hotel room, where the mood star in the studio (Lola Lin) lives with her father (Hugh Herbert), her sister (Mabel Todd), and her reasonable assistant if she is sarcastic (Glenda Farrell). Lynn Jean-Hagen is likened to "singing in the rain", except for her good voice. Her novel "Dan Lockwood" is one of "Alexander Dobry" (Alan Mowbray, scene easily stolen several times). The only difference is that Mowbray is not a nice guy like Jane Kelly, and Lynne (when she does not end up in the ego) is quite aware of it. Having retained her role outside the normal role she wanted, she refuses to attend the premiere of her latest film. Jocelyn found her weakness (Lola's real sister, Rosemary Lane), and made Rosemary play the star in the premiere and the follow-up ceremony. But she attends with Powell (Jocelyn wants someone he does not know for real). This leads to Powell demolishing Mowbray when the latter makes a pest himself. But otherwise, the evening has been a success, and when the two meet together they start to find each other attractive. <br /> <br /> Complications complicate as Lula returns and slaps Powell in the face, after Mowbray complains of being attacked by Powell ("and his beaver band"). Powell's contract was purchased. Working with the photographer who turned into Ted Hely's agent (not really so bad in this film - even trying to imitate Golson at some point), the two are trying to find work, ending up as employees in a hamburger stand run by the ill-tempered Edgar Kennedy The number of broken dishes and the singing customers in the restaurant give Edgar a long time to do his slow burns with Gusto). In the end, Powell got a "break" by hiring him to be Dupre's voice in a theatrical show "Gone With The Wind." This leads to the last part of the film, when Rosemary Lane, Herbert, and Healey help give Powell his chance to show his voice, not Mowbrays. <br /> <br /> It's a very nice and attractive movie yet. The worst aspects are because of the time. Many jokes about African Americans are no longer acceptable (as they try to portray Powell on his arrival in Hollywood, Healy accidentally depicts a porter, reminding Jocelyn to watch her, Powell's photos are too dark - get a point?). Also with Kurt Boa as fashion designer Lola Lane, who (must say) extremely high is not very acceptable. The "hoo-hoo" of Herbert was very much (much time) but it was really common in 1937. An incident in which Healy almost fell into a fight in the premiere (this was one of his last films) reminds people of the tragic, In December 1937. But most of the film is very good, and will not disappoint the viewer in 2008.
