The film begins with a mental-minded girl with bright yellow sneakers looking up into the sky on a Madrid street and flowing into a passing plane. The film examines the lives of five women - Adila, Leir, Marikerman, Anita and Isabelle - who have a completely different life and choices for shoes. Their shoes are the first superficial, but attached to some rough data, we reach their fragile identities. Embroidered and embellished, the foot doctor tries to reveal the deepest secrets of a woman's life from her feet. The premise is precarious and somewhat vexed, but the tone and depth of the film takes a bold plunge for good. <br /> <br /> What may be heartless and superficial, and quickly switch with a gorgeous dysfunction couple scene that leaves the viewer energized for a few minutes, sees love or lack thereof, pain, confusion, hope, needs and escape mechanisms evolve through minutes of different rooms of the house And down to the street and eventually below ... What a sight (!), But there will be others effective in following up and promoting the strong profile and direction presented in this segment of life. <br /> <br /> During the transition, a woman lost the husband she loved. He inherited his children and his taxis, while the last of her husband lost her whole emotionally, sexually and mentally, but not physically. Ghost, divorced hangman? Blame, remorse and regret. new love? Can you love Mirage? Can you love the person in the mirror? Can you love someone you can not love? Or do you think you can not love? Can you love and live life even though it will always be hopeless to some degree? Yet are not these just the hopes and dreams that remain here on the ground and in a range of relative happiness? Highlights many deep themes and combines the final act between people and ideas to unite in an existential crisis without a clear solution, a final decision or an effective healing. Perhaps a distant thought, a fleeting feeling, but a lasting appreciation of life, artistic and film thought. Neighborhood. Live again. Rewind roller. Revealed the real, important; large stones (Piedras) of life. The rest are just details.
