I have recently returned and watched this film again from not seeing it for years. When I first saw the film, I was too young to understand what the film was about. Now that I saw her again I could not believe what I missed all these years. For me to be able to see movies for what it is, I think this film was fantastic. Most people feel like music is the best part, but I do not think that's true. Most people do not realize how good a story is because it governs acting. The fact of the matter is that no one in the film was actually trying to act rather than just being the same. The whole cast house was just playing themselves. They were not trying to be anyone else, but they themselves. <br /> <br /> You've actually seen and analyzed the work and effort of the film. Now from my point of view, the positions shown in the film largely depend on what actually happened in Minneapolis at the time, and most of the things that happen are actually real events that occurred in the prince's life and which you can tell better than him? The music that was coming from the city at that time began to be recognized and revolutionary. It was interesting to see how very impressive the music was in the "First Avenue & 7th St Entry" club where Prince, among other musicians, actually started their career. It is also a well-known fact that Prince and Maurice Dai have always been competing with each other in real life, but it was a friendly competition. They were always friends. So the story basically stems from this aspect of the competition in their rivalry rather than the friendship that shows the real competitive side of what happened at the club "First Avenue" in a timely manner. <br /> <br /> Another reason for this film is the fact that some of the positions in the film are in fact based on the events the prince has experienced in his life through the musical and personal aspect. For me, make this film as realistic as it is emotional because it tells its experiences and plight before stardom. In addition, his dedication to his performance is enormous. Make the prince make sure that every moment in the movie is done perfectly. Anytime you hear a song play in a movie, it is exactly in sync with the situation. <br /> <br /> Prince in all musical genius has proved this on many occasions. This film is what the Prince put on the map officially and has not slowed down since then. Anyone who has seen this movie or is still (incredibly) not yet seen, when you sit and see this movie, you should watch it smartly or you will lose the entire aspect of the movie. If you really love music, this is definitely the movie you will see. And on top of what anyone else says, I think it's a great movie to watch and own.
