This is one of the best films that come from Bollywood years ago. Definitely the best this year so far. Indian to the core, panoramic photos, stunning heart boxes and soft music make the film an exceptional film. The appropriate image of Indian value and culture makes the viewer look for its roots and energize the mind and spirit with a sense of pride and a new life. <br /> <br /> This film is for viewers who enjoy inviting their imagination and philosophical senses. If you want to watch movies to get all your nerves through the excitement on the screen or sex or terror, this movie is not for you, because you'll find that the movie is not filled with 90 degrees of twists. It's a simple story of what a film can get. But this is exactly the place of film art. One gets a real life experience, and the best thing is that this experience is full of values ​​and hope. It is about the positive aspect of life, about the sweet things that God sees in humans, against the retaliatory films that insist on showing dons, terrorists and the underworld. This is not about things and people who have become ill. It revolves around the good that still exists, which keeps the world working. Of course, all kinds of films are respectable, but it takes a lot of courage and talent to make a film swim against the tide and try to open the eyes of the public in front of hidden facts and facts. <br /> <br /> Having said that, here's more ... <br /> <br /> The movie is a couple's journey from their engagement to their arranged marriage - yes, that's right, the arrangement of marriage and the couple get to know each other only from During their parents, they learn to love each other. The six-month gap between engagement and marriage is long, not full of "seductive" events, but nurtures the growing love and dedication of the couple to each other. They learn together the importance of their relationship and this priceless period of their lives, and work to strengthen the bonds of marriage. But have these been enhanced enough? Their test relationship will not only test time but also luck. Do they pass this test? This is what "Vivah" is about.
