Could it be a personal play of a somewhat literary classic of the poisonous trophy of the actor, paying for the fun of the deadly character by competing with the imaginations of generations of readers? Not to mention many other actors that surrounded the castle before. Fortunately for the imagination, this version? With a well cast Zila Clark and Timothy Dalton? The head and shoulders stand above the versions that came after that. It is the right time to do the full justice of the story, and it benefits greatly from the cracked Brunt dialogue; none of that talk interferes and abandons the text and adds new and inferior scenes. <br /> <br /> The magic of the original story lies in the tensions that have arisen between the central personalities and the living conditions they create for their leadership. Gene ?? "Poor, ordinary and little"? Growing on the stubborn love of a cool aunt, their nature and independence are formed from a long time in a very cruel school. I arrived at Mr. Rochester's house as a nanny's experience, without a girlfriend alone. She routinely suppresses herself out of service and her hard experience, but her emotional nature soon finds her tentacle in her master's intelligence and ambiguity, to which she is attracted, by herself, by powers beyond her control. Rochester is a besieged tiger, busy "piling hell-powered"; potentially dangerous to all who deal with him? But "the former, through the split or two." His personality is unusual: he takes exceptional liberties with a paid subordinate; but Jean is not a regular employee, as he sees it. But there is a dark secret and heavy trials lie ahead. <br /> <br /> It gives me great pleasure to hear the brilliant Brunei dialogue that such actors have spoken about? Dalton in particular seems to have formed a passion for the Brontean scale. If you've ever seen him as an unforgettable Bond, you've missed something that is better than him. Those who commented that Rochester belongs to him is very handsome, they miss this drama: his character simply has a very big screen time for a really ugly man to attract the viewer's attention. Timothy Dalton is right in his health, not always or always and handsome, but often remarkably impressive, just as it should be. The Jane Clarke Gene is not a sunflower flower. It conveys the feelings of a woman who usually suppresses her sense of humor and emotional nature with great success, giving her rare tantrums to show a more dramatic effect. <br /> <br /> Not long ago the BBC broadcast an excellent drama. To John Reese's most enlightening and troubling to Bronte, "The Broad Sea of ​​Sargasso", imagining the background story of the first Rochester lady. Do you check it out? You will never see Jane Eyre's hero the same way again.
