The BBC's 1983 production of Jane Eyre, starring Zila Clarke and Timothy Dalton (Loew Hem), has always been and will always be my favorite Jane Eyre. If you see any other version of Jane Eyre without reading the book, it will be like watching some regular movies that will be forgotten the next day. But watching this one is almost worth reading the book. I used to watch these series a lot when I was young, and inspired me to read the book. At that time I was not interested in how close this television production of the book. Recently, I watched the 1996 version of Jane Eyre and was very disappointed. It was only two hours long and did not have many important scenes from the book (like my favorite gypsy scene). After that, I liked this Jane Eyre more because it includes all the important scenes in the book and he tells the whole story (other versions do not, if you have not read the book). <br /> <br /> 1983 cast Jane Eyre is excellent. It is true that Timothy Dalton is a very handsome actor (handsome enough to play Butler in "Scarlet" and Julius Caesar), but he is so wonderful as Rochester that I can not imagine anyone else playing this role. Zila Clarke is, without a doubt, the only Jane who follows the description of the book. The other thing that makes this movie great is the clothing and makeup of the actors. Jane looks modest and naïve, just as Brunetti describes it (although she does not look like 18, but does she actually pay attention to it?). <br /> <br /> Some people say this Jane Eyre is "long Some say that the film is boring and boring because Jane is not passionate enough, or there is not enough "kissing scenes." I hate when Jane Eyre makes some "movies" Hollywood "with inappropriate kissing scenes You do not have to include" crazy and beloved in love "scenes to show love between Jane and Rochester, and both Slip and Timothy express this love perfectly I am 19 years old, and many girls in my age refer to this film as "boring and old-fashioned." But I can only feel sorry for them because they can not appreciate the purity and beauty of it. The novel in the nineteenth century, this old appearance makes it more attractive and more like the book. <br /> <br /> I do not think there will be any other version of Jane Ayre popular and love this version, regardless of who plays Jane and Rochester in other films , The real Jane and Rochester (for me at least) will always be Zila Clarke and Timothy Dalton!
