I have seen this production recently on DVD. It's the first time I've seen it since it was originally released in 1983 and it was as good as I remembered. At first as he was concerned, it seems old and I suppose it is old and very authoritative as it was the BBC series at the time. (I miss that wonderful drama that always seemed to be on Sunday afternoon at that time), but this aspect was almost as perfect as it could have been. I am a little supporter of Jane Eyre because it is my favorite book and I have never seen another faithful production of the book as this book. You have recently re-read the book as well as some of the dialogue found immediately. When reading the scene near the end where Rochester asks Jane about the shape of St. John, I noticed that their lyrics were perfectly reproduced on the screen by Dalton and Clark and were performed perfectly. <br /> <br /> It seems that all the other products that have been implemented are lacking to some extent, so that some of them leave the family of "rivers" and their association with Jane completely. I also think that this is the only production that includes the "Gypsy" scene that was performed correctly. <br /> <br /> The choice is perfect, and Zella Clarke is similar to Jane's description in the book "Plain Small and Dark" and I do not agree with him that she looked very old. Timothy Dalton may be very handsome but he is just as perfect as Rochester, where he depicts every aspect of his character properly and acts in his drawers! I agree with another comment that it seems very scary in time, as in the scene when it slowly turns around in the church when the wedding boycott, its expression is very frightening. But then in another favorite scene, his joy is wonderful when he sees Jane descend on the stairs and in his arms in the morning after they announce their love for each other. Love is beautifully portrayed and absolutely believable. Oh be loved by such a man! There were some scenes that were strangely missing, such as when Jane climbs to bed with the dying Helen and also when Rochester Jane takes shopping for her wedding stuff (I thought one of them was present but maybe my memory is playing tricks). <br /> <br /> Finally, if you never see another production of Jane Eyre - you simply see that this product is perfect!
