* ALERT SPOILER: I wish I could discuss this without revealing specific points, but I can not. sorry. * <br /> <br /> I was looking for George C. Scott's IMDb review when I found out the summary and reviews for this release. She had a lot of positive reviews that I decided to ask for though: (a) While being truncated and rushed, I thought that George S. Scott reflects the tortured nature (and physical appearance) of the book of Rochester; and (b) even when looking at the cover of a DVD, I was thinking, "Is not Timothy Dalton looking for the role?" The recent concern was reinforced by the fact that I decided to re-read the book while the DVD was on the back. However, the moment I began to watch, I was captured. At first, it was disturbing to listen to the 1840 dialogue, which was said to be written - with little or nothing to update - but Dalton and Clark gave it a sweeping look, so much so that I really enjoyed the fact that the Transformers had documented that the public was following the old discourse. Getting a lot of book on screen was an added bonus. I know someone who will not see any versions of Jane Eyre because "Who wants to see a movie about a man who keeps a crazy poor woman in the attic?" Frankly, if someone fails to read the book around the clock and a half hour or two, it will think that the whole story requires a great deal - the mystery of Rochester and its impact on everyone around him. Fortunately, this release revolves around the entire life of Jane Eyre. <br /> <br /> Some people criticized this film. Dalton is very broken. Clark is very reserved. I can not argue against the first point, but "at the moment" so much that I think it is Rochester. For me, Clark's performance is at stake. Jane Eyre is quiet, under guard. If one remembers the book, much of Jane's passion and passion will occur during her own struggles. Some criticism baffles me. Critics say Clark is too short or too short. The book goes on and on about how small and easy Jane is. Ms. Clarke should not be long and filmmakers have lowered their looks to make Jane's announcements about her lack of reliable beauty. She can barely help her if Dalton is tall. Some say there is no chemistry among the prospective clients. What?!! The scene in which Jane finally emerges from her room after the wedding failure shakes with passion, passion, sadness and regret - and this is the first example to come to mind. <br /> <br /> I agree with some of the other criticisms. I've missed a lot of scenes with the Helen Burns brothers and the rivers. Some dialog box was strangely cut off. When Rochester announces, "Jane, you mistreat me, I do not hate her because she's crazy," I waited for the rest of the period when Rochester explains how if Genie goes, he'll still love her and take care of her. It is a powerful moment in the book, and I hope it has been included. I think it was wrong to introduce a scene with Rochester to the part of the story where Jane was on her own. Maybe it was done for clarity, but I found it noisy. I wanted the malicious humor of the scene where Jane sees that Rochester's enthusiasm will cool down and become stressful again, but he may "like it" again. Dalton's performance is so good that the rare error is blatant - when Rochester cries in the library, I see him as a representative performing a crying scene, not like Rochester. For groups, if anyone participated in an episode of The Dark Shadows of the 1960s, one knows what to expect - very stark and sometimes shabby interior designs. Others commented carefully and briefly about the Rochester sports make-up function in the end. Yikes! it's bad. The conclusion is very surprising. After all this pain and suspense, I wanted to finish almost more. On my DVD copy, getting credits at the beginning and end of all eleven to 25-30 minute episodes will be a little bit. Having said that, I'm very happy because I own this movie and I will watch it over and over again.
