There are many modifications to Charlotte's classic novel "Jane Eyre", and taking into account the many reviews written about them, there is also a lively discussion about which one is the best. All short-film adaptations suffer from the fact that it is not possible to simply cram the whole story into a 100-minute film. Length, thus these films only show a few parts of the novel. The TV series proved to be a more appropriate format for presenting all the different episodes of the heroine's life. <br /> <br /> There are three mini-TV series, released in '73, '83, and 2006. The 2006 version is not only worse than the three, but worst of all in Jane Eyre's adaptations and a stark example of a movie is overrated. The fine lines of the novel are replaced by unclear and trivial lines, and important scenes are deleted or replaced with scenes unrelated to the novel. All that leads to then is that the characters portrayed not only have something in common with Rochester and Jane in the novel and act in the opposite way exactly as described in the book, but also that their behavior and language do not fully agree with the behavior of the period in which the novel is set. It's the silly soap opera, where the actors seem to act as if they were put in the 1950s fashion by mistake. This "Jane Eyre" (as she dared to call herself) is actually a slap in the face of Charlotte Bronte. <br /> <br /> The 1973 version is very faithful to the novel in that the long dialogues between Mr. Rochester and Jane are almost as long. But what works beautifully in the novel does not necessarily work beautifully on the screen. Sometimes the language of the novel is so complex and twisted that it does not look normal when you speak it on the screen, and the continuous interruptions of the interviews conducted by Jane's voice representatives increase the impression of manufacturing and surprise. Despite the sincerity of the novel, the essence of the scenes is not captured. Another problem is casting the main characters. Suresh Kozak portrays Jane as a courageous, self-confident and secular woman in complete disagreement with the literary model, and Michael Jaston, though a good actor, does not simply have the leading material presence and charisma to play Rochester. Although adaptable, it simply fails to convey the passion and intensity of the novel and never captures the audience. <br /> <br /> All "73" version errors were corrected in the "83" TV series with Timothy Dalton and Zilla Clarke. Although Timothy Dalton from the point of view of the Puritans is very handsome and long and tends to be Rochester, he possesses the essential qualities of the role: he enjoys a majestic physical presence and great magnetism and an atmosphere of self-confidence and power. Despite being undeniably handsome, it seems bleak and painful enough to play the master of Thornefeld's lie convincingly. But his performance is distinguished by the way he makes all aspects of the Rochester character. Of all the actors who played Rochester, he is the only one who captures them all: the cruelty of Rochester, his near-perfect cruelty, temperament and vengeance, his humorous side, his tenderness, his passionate passion and passion. Dealing with Dalton in the language of Charlotte Bronte is both wonderful. Even the most complicated and complicated Rochester's ideas are naturally and perfectly natural when presented by Dalton. It is the ultimate Rochester, unparalleled and unprecedented, and after watching it in this role, it is impossible to imagine that Rochester will play any other way or by any other actor. <br /> <br /> Zelah Clarke offers an excellent character of the same degree. Performance in the role that may be more difficult to play well than the role of Rochester. She portrays the exact gene of the novel, a shy, reserved and guarded young woman, but she has a deep sense of will and equally powerful will. I have beautifully recognized the duplicity of Jane's personality: her humility and respect on the one hand, her fire and passion on the other, her apparent fragility and her invincible sense of right and wrong. Dalton has wonderful chemistry and their scenes together are a pure joy. <br /> <br /> With regard to sincerity of the literary model, this version is also quoted literally from the novel as the version of "73", but with one important difference: the dialogues are shortened in this version, but the basic lines that are necessary to describe heroes The development of the scheme does not change. Thus the screenwriter avoided any industrialization of speech, while fully preserving the beauty and originality of the language of Charlotte Bronte. In contrast to the BBC's previous version, the essence of each scene is captured perfectly. <br /> <br /> The plot of the novel is more closely followed than in the '73 series. It is almost a scene to the age of the scene of the novel, where the focus is on time and focus on each episode of Jane's life. It is the adaptation of Jane Eyre, the only one who has a story worthy of a gypsy scene, and the only one who is fair to the most poignant and pivotal narrative scene when Jane and Rochester meet after the abortive wedding. Timothy Dalton in particular plays this scene with great skill. He was very distressed and very distressed by Rochester and he was aware of Jane's decision to leave him, his frantic attempts to set her up and his final despair because she was already leaving him. It is a terrible scene, almost destructive, will remain with the viewer for a long time. <br /> <br /> With ideally smaller roles, an excellent script and two leading idealists, this is the only true scene of "Jane Eyre".
