Yes, this production is long (a good news for Bronte fans!) And has a fairly dated feel, but both acting and acting are so great that you will not want to see any other releases! <br /> <br /> Timothy Dalton is Edward Rochester ... It's that simple. I do not care that other reviewers claim it is too handsome. Dalton is attractive, certainly, but not a nice boy. In fact, he has a dark, loud, dark magic, in my opinion, fully in line with the very mysterious and mysterious Mr. R., who faces the sad and deeply tormented Rochester. It depicts the monster when the scene calls to it, but it also displays Rochester's emotional and emotional side as well. (IMO) The latest production of A & E suffers from the fact that Ciaran Hinds - whom I usually adore - seems to sparkle and keep on its way all the time.I have read the book several times and never felt that Rochester was supposed to be seen as a monster that does not stop. > <br /> When I read the novel, I always see that Zila Clark is a Jane. Ms. Clarke, to me, resembles Jane as she describes herself (and others describe it). Small, childish, fairy ... Although it is true that the actress does not look 18, she does portray Jane's features well. While other reviews have argued that her representation is wooden or unemotional, one must remember that the character spent 8 years at Lowood to train her to retain her feelings and "emotional nature". Her main inspiration was her childhood friend Helen, whose image was a resplendent presentation. Although her true nature was different, Jane learned to master her nerves and look docile, in keeping with the school's goals for her benevolent students who would go to "service." Jane becomes a nanny in the wealthy Mr. Rochester house. She certainly will not talk to him on an equal footing. Until later when she gave in addition, she was always sure to remember that her station was much lower than her employer's station. However, if you read the book - which is surprisingly close to it - you can clearly see the small struggle that Zila-Jane perpetuates, where her feelings are suppressed in order to remain light and moderate. <br /> <br /> I think the chemistry between Dalton and Clark is correct. No, it does not look like Hollywood at all (it's not a Hollywood book) but their stories are a true, sincere and sincere love story. For a woman like Jane, who is not supposed to have any love * comes in her way, it is a simple miracle. <br /> <br /> The rest of the casting is wonderful, and I love the fact that almost everyone has a personality from the book that is here. So, too, is a large part of the rich original dialogue and poetry. This version is the only version I know to include the infamous "gypsy scene" and, in general, more humorous than the other versions I have seen. In particular, the mutual excitement between eminent personalities comes directly from the book and is very exhilarating! <br /> <br /> Jane Eyre was, in many ways, one of the first new feminists. I finally accepted love on its own terms, and independently, and in the end, the true equality of Rochester. Nice!
