To call this wonderful episode, it looks like very few. To say that this work continues in the excellent premiere of the first season is very low, because there has not been a soprano so far away. In fact, the title may be an arrogant invitation for those who are not true fans yet: Join the club ... <br /> <br /> Choose where Junior (put a bullet in his mother's nephew after his mistake on the crook who was killed In the first season), the story begins with Tony quite fine. With no recollection of what happened to him, he attended some sort of conference. It's not just Tony Soprano but Kevin Finnerty, or at least that's what a group of people think, and until this mess is resolved he can not leave his hotel. <br /> <br /> Naturally, according to the exclusive Soprano tradition, this is only a dream: Tony is actually in a coma, with doctors uncertain about his fate and his family and friends are worried sick and Junior refused to believe that everything really happened. Unfortunately, it happened, and Anthony Junior seems ready to avenge his father's assassination attempt. <br /> <br /> Dreams have appeared frequently in the series, often as a sort of spiritual experience of heroes. In the fifth season introduced a dream test). He joined the club, however, taking the metaphysical qualities of the program, and has already hinted at the use of the previous episode of William S.'s poem. Burroughs, the envelope is pushed the most daring way: Tony hallucination for his dead friends of this kind was the cause of food poisoning, four seasons ago) is one thing, is actually what appears to be a radically different cleanser. The "heavenly" section of the story is full of its metaphorical significance, not least the name Tony calls (as one character points out, spelling in a certain way will give you the word "infinity"), none of which comes as excessive or elusive: David Chase invented a piece of smarter work From using strange combinations to their advantage; all this helps the narrative. The talk of "help from the top" in the case of Tony Soprano may extend forever.
