Well, I did not get the cleanser order the first time I saw this episode. There seems to be something important going on that I could not put my finger. This time the Costa Mesa fires caught these on TV really, and it helped me write an article about Inferno! But let me see what has not yet been discussed ... <br /> <br /> The TWOP review stated that Tony had 7 degrees of stairs descending due to the broken elevator. Yes, 7 is a big number for many reasons, especially religious, but here's another one to ya. Intuitively I consulted Wikipedia, and guess what Dante is divided into 7 levels? Cleanser. Except for pre-cleanser and paradise. (The things at the bottom of the stairs and ... what Tony can not get.) <br /> <br /> To the so-called "alleged" "monks" scene. Once the monks appear, it fits perfectly with Tony who tries to get out of the sanitizer. You can say that he was worried when this Christian brand (death, illness and sin) appeared, and became increasingly desperate because Christian heaven was looking for it somewhat. By the time he meets the monks, he thinks, "Hey, could these guys help me?" Who seems to think of other religions (such as Buddhism) and wonders if there is another path that might take him to "salvation". It does not mean that Tony literally thinks of becoming a Buddhist, but Finnerty seems to have tried it (and messed up). This slap in the face tells Tony basically that there is no quick fix - as in - no, you can not suddenly embrace Buddhism and get out of here. <br /> <br /> Tony was not interested in getting to Paradise at first. But at the entrance to the conference, he realizes that this will not be easy for him. At first, I saw a problem with the driver's license name with Tony having lived a kind of double life, what about killing people and sleeping around him that was kept secret by most people. He feels free to have an affair with Melville because he is Kevin Finnerty. He discovered that he could fool some people with KF cards, such as hotel reception staff, but he would not get him out of the sanitizer. These helicopters - sky helicopters? - Track him and everything he does. <br /> <br /> After reading all the theories about "inFinnerty", though, it seems that the identity of KF is an infinite reminder of the different paths Tony has taken in his life. Maybe along with the car joke involved Infiniti that would not have made sense to me otherwise. Aaaand at that stage my mind fails.
