In what seems to be an attempt to mix drama and comedy, Manuel Gomez Pereira made this film, "Things That Make Life Worthwhile." It's not an original discovery, and with lots of sounds you have (quite far from the stadium, incidentally), but it leaves a bit of The usual in Spanish cinema. The downside is that the elements of the film are poorly integrated, although some of the points have not been well developed, others are not valid, and one day in the lives of two middle-aged people, it's basically what Gomez Pereira is about. Jorge (Edward Fernandez) is a steady film, despite the burden on your back with a great dramatic appearance, but he seems willing to see things change, and this only explains his commitment to a minor that can mean a turning point in his existence. In keeping with Audrey Tutu in "Long Dating" (Jules Pierre Jeuneette, 2004), Jorge says things like this: "If you find a coin before the corner that will change my luck now." Of course you find it, start playing "Today may be a wonderful day "(Hoy puede ser un gran dia) by Juan Manuel Serat and in a couple crosses on her way to Hortensia (Anna Beilin). She is another woman of the age of entry, divorced a little lonely, take Valeriana to sleep, organize birthday parties as the ideal mother, her faith in God and lead to the mother's speed of murder, Hortensia is a woman of many contradictions in his behavior, 70% of people fall in love only once in a lifetime "they said despite Jorge's lack of joblessness and does not rule out the possibility that he" sadi "sleeps in his shoulder at the cinema's early opportunity: then came the company, dancing at the lavish wedding banquet, Car and other things It seems that players live unique experiences of this Just like, but in the end they do very heavy for the viewer. "The things that make life worthwhile" The discussion between us is a drama for two adults who have no other person to lead them to know where their exotic relationship is. On the contrary, it makes us deal with the issue as a comedy, focusing on things like Chinese singing at a party A wedding (it seems amusing itself) or a drunk person's walk. The problem is that it does not leave us time to connect with the players, so we can not identify with the dramatic, and not give us a very strong comic base, leaving everything except pure prank. In the end, everything is mixed in such a way that the viewer does not know very well whether he is laughing or crying, and ends up not doing it. It is true that nothing is seen a thousand times, not the kind of films we find bending in every corner, but not as different or special as we want. Anna Beilin (who appears to be much less than 53 years old in this film) and Edward Fernandez are very interesting actors to see the work, but this time it seems ready or comfortable enough in scenes that require him to break the film's calm, so in moments like "The Incident "With the bar children, there seems to be something slipping out of their hands. Maybe a big change has to happen, but that's no excuse for reducing our caution. In any case, both interpreters are created easily highlight the function. "Things that make life worthwhile" only work up a modest level of entertainment. Any claim beyond that point is not fulfilled, as a romantic or dramatic comedy as such, assume, they wanted to do, can not afford to end the few successful moments (beyond the bad) as in one of the characters speak and laugh, have drunk , Compared to a boy still in a coma because of him. Do not do a lot for people like Rosario Bardot, making the model friend who launched his biggest contribution to the movie is "must be solved", the songs of the soundtrack, although important, not only appropriate. It is true that Manuel Gomez Pereira's film has successes (some of the moments in which José Sakristan participated), but the whole film is a tale, a good-intentioned film and a good outcome when it's better.
