"Flavia, la monaca muslmana" aka. "Flavia the Heretic" (1974) is a truly disturbing piece of Italian cinema, which to a certain extent is based on a somewhat feminist hypothesis (although the level of corrupt and cruelty is likely to upset most feminists). Mostly located in a monastery, and with the nun of the central protagonist named (wonderful performance by Florinda Bolkan), "Flavia the Heretic" can be referred to as "Nunsploitation". However, this film differs radically from typical Nunsploitation clicks since that time, as it does not focus too much on elements of sexual exploitation such as lesbianism, homosexuality, etc. Personally, I have seen more similarities with the times of Hexploitation time, such as "Satan's Mark", (although this does not address the theme of Magical Fishing), which focuses on the brutal implementation of Christian fundamentalism in the Middle Ages and early modern times. <br /> <br /> Italy Around 1600: After seeing her autocratic father cut off the head of a wounded Muslim soldier, the small flavia is forced to become a nun in a monastery. When her father owes a nun a nun with arbitrary death to a small wing years later, Flavia's disgust with male violence against women turns into hatred against the autocratic church and joins a group of Arab scavengers ... <br /> <br /> One thing is certain, Heretics "do not belong to the faint hearts, as do those who want happy ends. The filmmaker Gianfranco Mingozzi has tried to make his film as realistic and disturbing as possible, especially in its bad scenes. Many scenes of torture and execution are very disturbing, with skin, leather, and other hideous scenes in clear detail. Perhaps the most shocking scene is the torture of the nun at the beginning of the film. Violence here is unnecessary, however. After all, these hideous methods were a reality at the time the film was made. The film is very well done, with realistic costumes, wonderful settings, a cinematic cinematography, and a superb design by Nicolas Biovanni. The stunning and amazingly stunning Florentine Polcan proved her talent in many great Italian works of worship (including the masterpiece of the famous artist Nus Civizia en Perrino 1972) Lucio Fulci. She made another wonderful and attractive show, and I could not imagine another actress fitting her role as well. The film contains some minor contradictions (for example, why the rigid church allowed the followers of the alien community to become monasteries in the first place). However, it is generally surprising how realistic this film is. It is certain that the "fugitive Flavia" is not to be missed by my fellow fans in the Italian cinema exploitation. This is a really big flick of exploitation, although it is certainly very frustrating and therefore should be considered in the right mood. It is highly recommended for movie lovers disturbing exploitation. 7.5 / 10
