There are too many sources that routinely combine this dramatic and partially thought-based period based on historical reality together with the "nonverbal surface exploitation" that was the mainstay of the trash bin cinema in the 1970s and overlooks the right anger that drives the endeavor entire. It may have been a coincidence that director Gianfranco Mingozi's unique attempt to film feature films outside several well-received documentaries has taken place. <br /> <br /> The film FLAVIA was safely set in a historical context, and it is a growing rebellion by an Italian nun in the early 15th century. (Her professional performance for Lorinda Bolcan, even surpassing her wonderful work in the devastating Lucio Volci film No Torture), her father locked her in a desperate attempt to try to curb the soft nature of the girl. She wonders why women fall into secondary roles at best in life, as in the Bible. They face the ways in which male domination can tear apart the lives of females, the inspirational rebellion fueled by the scream of the almost crazy (almost indistinguishable) older sister Maria Kasares of LES ENFANTS DU PARADIS by Marcel Carney - and more constructively - by an Islamic invasion. Join the oppressors and perhaps manipulate them inadvertently to bid, Flavia become truly a pariah felt that she is already in his condition, with predictable tragic consequences. <br /> <br /> With its breathtaking widescreen formations of Alfredo Contini, who shot Michael Angelo Antonioni ZABRISKIE POINT, this is a relentless and relentless account of a fierce but ultimately futile fight against a patriarchal society that has not been allocated She has no rights other than procreation or contention, as does Sister Agatha. A long-running fictional sequence by drugs was clearly designed like the Devil's, but the film appeared relatively skimpy in the skin section, making something mockery of its semi-pornographic reputation. This is a serious act worth rediscovering and restoring its unfairly distorted reputation.
