Flavia the Heretic is an undeniable work of art, and perhaps my first recommendation is to mention that cinema that exploits the euro has been grossly underestimated and not ignored. This is a clever and complex film, I realized beautifully and? Surprise ?? Damn beautiful minute! This is more than a meaningless nonsense or gratuitous violence, and it is time for the wise film commissions that classify Flavia as a banned trash can. Flavia is a beautiful 14th-century teenager forced to live the life of a nun in a strict convent. She refuses to accept being inferior just because she is a female and she makes her sister because she is very tolerant about it. After a fruitless attempt to escape, another non-Muslim nun endorses and leads a group of bloodthirsty Muslims to the walls of the monastery. <br /> <br /> Flavia is a very enchanting movie! It is almost impossible to believe that director Gianfranco Mingozi has made it seem very realistic and disturbing. I challenge you to come up with a title that focuses more on the theme of feminist feminism than Flavia. Many sequences are very shocking (almost nightmares, in fact) while the camera is magnified for brutal rape, torture and mutilation. However, all of these raw footage is not only used to satisfy all deviant tastes. I am convinced that they are part of Flavia, which tries to communicate: Humanity (the Catholic Church in particular) has historically proved to be a hypocritical and discriminatory race and there is no point in denying it. Films such as "Flavia, the Heretic" have the courage to question and condemn our Galal ancestors, and I really admire them. Flavia is a basic and wonderful exploitation film because of its essence, but it even reached a higher level through superb cinematic photography, magnificent costumes, landscapes and the wonderful musical result of Nicolas Biofani. Florinda Bolkin is very convincing as an ambitious and powerful nun, but Maria Casares is the one who steals the show as Sister Agata. She is a nun who hates a man loudly and likes to urinate in the open field! Amen, sister!
