I felt that this film was about the human race as much as anything else, whether intentionally or not. We have also shown how absurd and paradoxical that women are not allowed to attend such an important event at the national level while forgetting the past of our "advanced" nations. I write from Japan, where women only got the right to vote 60 years ago, and technical engineers have become a modern phenomenon. Pubs in England were once male. The business world was completely banned from women in America until recently, and women in China were tied to their feet so they could not develop feet strong enough to escape their husbands. Iran is easily passing through this stage of our time, and we take a closer look at the absurdity that we have all seen one time or another. Going back to the issue of sexual activity, we have been forced to wonder what may be essentially women who make them unsuitable for a football match (the official reason is that men are bad). Especially young girls, couple so much that you feel so lesbian on the agenda as well. I think one point is that women are not all alike, and that the women the police are trying to "protect" are not the ones who will try to get it in the first place. The opening scenes of the stadium approach make you appreciate the courage of girls who try to enter - and each one separately - at all. It is a wild man's world. You should let any woman brave enough to try to go! The world of sexual activity is not one for everyone. <br /> <br /> At the same time, the group of Hungarian girls who have been caught inside the temporary pen waiting to be deported to someone who knows where, and in a much more precise way, has begun to associate with the guards who watch them. These ideas were specific about women and femininity, which were challenged face-to-face. The change in glacial positions, but visible. <br /> <br /> Since the film is purely Iranian from the very first moment, it takes a little bit of relief for the foreigner, but the characters have a special way of loving themselves, you end up getting the whole picture, and even understanding the men's misunderstanding and giving them a recession . The supposed evildoer is the invisible parentage of the signs of God, which are still invisible and unknown, and are likely to be remembered. <br /> <br /> Knowing that this film was filmed during the actual event of the Iranian and Navy match gives me a sense of dread for all concerned.
