What do you think the average person knows more / less about: Iranian cinema or Iranian football? Interestingly, the two were at the forefront of the controversial Iranian filmmaker Jafar Panahi's "Offside," a story that uses football or access to football as the backdrop to a series of scenes about one's right to do something or go to a place and The right of the individual to extend such courtesy if and when desired. The odd thing is that you do not come away from Offside after you've learned about Iranian football or Iranian cinema too much (unless it's a controversial constructional style education), but you feel far away that you're enlightened and that at least one person from Iran has learned Is still in force in a country like Iran and is ready to be presented to an international audience rather than exploited. <br /> <br /> I can remember the 2006 World Cup, certainly many people can. It was the summer after my first year at the university and after the break in his first year, the summer of the World Cup was a timely booster. Needless to say, I have practically seen that each game inhibits those they offer simultaneously with other games at the end of the group stages, so as to avoid accidents as seen in Spain '82 when it was thought that West Germany and Austria had gotten a result between them that would See all through at the expense of Algeria. <br /> <br /> Anyone in Britain watched the BBC broadcast from Iran? The Mexico game, the first in both countries, may recall that at the top of the show, the BBC's Gary Lennicker suspended a brief suspension. "We've seen the giants of Germany, England, Argentina and the Netherlands, but now we see ... Mexico and Iran are playing the game." The focus was on the latter being less important, and perhaps watching them was a must. It is shameful that there are people, movies like Offside presented to them, and they are really willing to see Iran play to the point where they risk their well being to do so. Sadly, people in power are refusing what they consider "inferior" when there are other people They did anything to allow them to participate in another way. <br /> <br /> When I immediately think of the words "Iran", "Football" and "World Cup", my mind flies back to the game France98 between the mentioned nation and America. Here is a film about the World Cup game of some sort that includes Iran, but perhaps some or most Iranian filmmakers have chosen to present a story about Iran's famous victory over the United States and what it means for them. The director chooses Panahi to look behind the scenes and show a story of the stands Where women are banned from playing football and are not allowed to live ecstasy to win a game of enormous size. You can imagine a heavy film describing Iran's "victory" as a dilapidated propaganda film aimed at exploiting it while "defeating" a Western power or "enemy" in a sport they might not have been expected to do. <br /> <br /> Some of the movies that come to mind when it comes to winning the uncompetitive defeat in their game is the Indian film "Lagaan" in 2001, in which the British Indian peasants defeated the ruling in cricket. See Similalry, 2005 'The Game of Lives', Americans are defeating English in a football match this time only in the 1950 World Cup. The differences between these films are offside and formidable; the Offside looks to a position behind the state mentality and dare to explore the essence of the women's movement, The girls see the beloved Iran defeating Bahrain and qualify for the World Cup and pick up like animals and keep in passing feet. Of a blocked window that will allow them to watch the game. The reason for this is to talk about the foul language that "maybe" men do, but "may" use during the game. The film depicts Iran as incompetent that it can not deny the right of men to swear and ban bad language, but should prohibit women's right to see the game together? No wonder Panahi's own film is banned in Iran. <br /> <br /> But Panahi remembers including what makes Al Qaeda crazy in the first place by allowing his characters often to smoke cigarettes and use cell phones, two things doctors and scientists will emphasize that they are more dangerous to the human body / mind than hearing a little of Bad language in a football game. Banahi pays particular attention to the title of his film "Offside", which is itself a rule in the details of football when an "attacker" tries to capture his attempt to gain an advantage in the field of play. Similarities to the status of women in the film are similar to the arrest of these advanced individuals (presumed to be without right) trying to put a team on the opposition team; this is the state itself. <br /> <br /> I think Offside is one of the best movies out of the Middle East and the surrounding Gulf area that I've seen. It is a tense but modest film about people who do not have any representative history according to the IMDb standards, and therefore, acting is raw and real, adding that new exotic aura in all. The immediate end is the embarrassment and the constant verbal battle between male soldiers and female sinners who dare to challenge the state is wonderful. I also think that anyone who actually hates the film for the reasons I've mentioned shows a distinct level of cruelty, whether you're working or working in the Iranian government.
