In Iran, women are not allowed to attend men's sports events, apparently to "protect" them from all the curses and foul language they might hear from male fans (since men can not restrain themselves, force women to suffer, go figure. ). "Offside" tells the story of half a dozen or so young women dressed like men trying to sneak into the big Iran-Bahrain match that, in 2005, Iran qualified to go to the World Cup (the film was actually filmed in large part During that game). <br /> <br /> "Offside" is a comedy of life that will remind you of all those wonderful human films ("The Shop on Main Street", "Loves" for Shakra, "The trains that watch closely", etc.) Which emerged from communist Czechoslovakia as part of the "miracle of Prague" in the mid-1960s.As with many of these works, Offside is more concerned with observing life than by imagining any kind of imaginary fiction. Make the movie more effective. <br /> <br /> Once discovered, the girls are fondled in a small pen just off the pitch where the loud cheering from the d They do not seem to be particularly concerned about the idea of ​​allowing them to enter, However, how can one not be affected by the very real courage and courage shown by these women when they collide with a regime that continues to impose such retrogressive and ridiculously embarrassing restrictions? However, the purpose of these women is not to pretend behind a reason or provoke a "point". They are just obsessed fans eager to watch a football match, and like all the men in the country, chanting to their team. <br /> <br /> It is difficult to determine how much dialogue is being written and how much of it is temporary, but in both cases, the actors, with their wonderful expressive faces, do a wonderful job making every moment seem real and completely convincing. Mohammad Khair Ebadi and his Iranian wife are the most prominent figures in an excellent and harmonious team. The film's structure is too loose and loose. The writer / director Jaafar Panahi and co-writer Shadhr Raustin focus for a few short moments on one or two personalities and then move smoothly and effortlessly to others. Through this documentary documentary approach, we feel as if we are witnessing a real event unfolding in "real time". Often, it is easy to forget that we are already watching a film. <br /> <br /> It was a very smart move by filmmakers to include much of the favorite humor in the film (as did the Czech filmmakers), it was better to point out the absolute absurdity of the situation and expand the appeal of the film to the local and foreign audiences. It is clear that "infiltration" is a cry for justice, but has become more effective by refusing to make her story a severe breathing tragedy. Instead, he realizes that nothing breaks social barriers as effectively as humor and a common humanity appeal to the public. Is not this what real art is supposed to be all about? "Offside" in its quiet, calm style is one of the best gems of 2007.
