On the face of it, a film about women who want to watch a football match with someone with little interest in football will not attract me, but it's not about football, it's about discrimination and women's enthusiasm for the sport they love. <br /> <br /> The film begins on the crucial day of the Iran-Bahrain World Cup, a girl trying to enter the Azadi Stadium in Tehran by wearing her clothes as a boy, who appears to be getting in until a soldier tries to search her. Once caught, she is taken to a small container at the top of the field where there are few women who have already been arrested. Here they are guarded by a small group of recruits whose commanders prefer to return home and want to return home. Cattle. We never learn the names of the characters, but we recognize them as people because they beg with the guards to allow them to see them, although there is a close gap in the wall and when they refuse to try to make them comment at least. <br /> <br /> In addition to raising an important point about the strict separation of the sexes in most of our present day in Iran, the film contains many fun moments like "camouflage" one of the girls being worn when going to the toilet and the girl who disguised as a soldier and He is captured only because she chose to watch the match from a seat reserved for a senior officer. The girls' enthusiasm for this game is that it is likely that the viewer will eventually be on the edge of his seat in the hope that Iran will win and then go to the finals in Germany. The soldiers do not appear to be fundamentalists. They are just recruits out there because they have to be. When they tell girls why women can not watch men's sport, they do not seem convinced of their own arguments. <br /> <br /> It is a shame that this film can not be seen in Iran itself, but it is good for the whole world to see it and then see that ordinary Iranians are not a handful of fanatics desperate to wage war on the West. But ordinary people with the same feelings and concerns as people everywhere. The team did a great job of making their characters look like real people, not just cartoons.
