Banahi, whose former films such as The Circle and Crimson Gold appear to range from "dour" to "grim" in his new Offside, is a funny, introspective, chaotic group that ends with a series of heartfelt liberties. However, the film deals with difficult and appropriate material just like anything else he did. By focusing on a group of enthusiastic football enthusiasts caught sneaking in the match between Bahrain and Iran before the World Cup at Tehran Stadium, Panahi poses issues of national spirit, independent mind, and contradictions? The absolute absurdity? The racial segregation of the religious system in a world of modern competition with the majority of young young people and urban girls who are increasingly thinking for themselves. <br /> <br /> With the opening of the film, we join one of the girls on a bus, with a father chasing his lost daughter. This type of camouflage is as dark as warp colors, but we deal with it to see what happens: it is still easily detected. The thing is that most of the surrounding men do not really care. However, the rules are rules, and once they try to pass various checkpoints on the way to the Grand Stadium, potential football girls, or some of them anyway, are caught in a small compound on the top floor of the stadium. By some mostly young police officers, green, and rural who have no idea how to handle these independent ideas for big city girls and prefer watching the game ?? Who roar constantly hear in the background? themselves. Every girl is different ?? Represents a different set of reasons for wanting to break rules and different ways to do it. One wore a soldier's uniform and entered the officers' division. One of them is difficult, masculine, cynical and provocative (she can go for a beautiful boy, and a disturbing hint: "Are you a girl or a boy?" "Do you want me to be?"). One does not care much about football but went to honor a dead companion. One (Aida Sadeghi) is an enthusiastic footballer herself? Etc. and so on. These Iranian girls are stubborn and tend to walk around the rural lieutenant responsible for them (Travel Semander). A policeman in the countryside (Mohammed Khairabadi) takes a soccer girl to the men's toilet (of course there are no women), forcing her to wear a poster for the Italian soccer star as a mask. Comedy comes from the mistakes and chaos in which the girl escapes. <br /> <br /> Later, an attractive-looking car arrives with an officer directing the police to take the girls to the deputy department? Violation of the rules of sexual separation qualify as a deputy. Mingle with them? A child is guilty of smuggling fireworks to games. It turns out that the truck is not so simple: the radio antenna has been broken. But one policeman held him in place so they could listen to the increasingly heartrending report. All police officers and prisoners are now involved in common excitement. There is no result, the game goes to the penalty shootout, and the winner will go to Germany. <br /> <br /> In the background, all these real game, real stadium and the real fans of crazy young people the results of this event. The excitement is enormous, the streets are crowded with cars and flags and a crowd of supporters pray for the Iranian victory and challenge the excitement. <br /> <br /> What makes this movie good, as it may now be, is being filmed during the evening of one of the actual games with a real ending revolving around everything. This, in contrast to previously narrated narrative paths in Panahi, is a vibrant film industry that automatically turns into a rhythm with a captured background of actual events and sweeps you into excitement in very exciting ways. <br /> <br /> The essence of Offside is the separation between insanity in the modern football world and the Islamist social hindrances that repress women ?? The latter is at a time when young Iranian women are part of a global world in which women participate in sports and participate in the enthusiasm of the national team spirit. What exactly is reconciling the ambition of the state to become a modern global power and social attitudes that are in the Middle Ages? Lots of amazingly amazing Offisde, including the way everyone tries to talk about it all. The director's decision to inject young actors into a truly big sporting event into an effective mix of documentaries, controversy, and imagination that is so vivid that he does not seem to have greatness to choose, and that ends beautifully and moves. <br /> <br /> I had reservations about Panahi movies before, but this one kicked the ass. Banahi does something great here. It criticizes its society, offers extraordinary drama, and touches our hearts with a sense of the aspirations of the nation.
