In Iran, women are banned from attending live sporting events because of fear of being "corrupted" by bad language, near thousands of men, and the fact that there are no toilet facilities for women in the old stadiums. Based on an actual incident involving the daughter-in-law of the director, Jafar Panahi Offside follows six girls, masquerading as men, who were denied entry into the 2005 football match between Iran and Bahrain, a match that will decide whether Iran will go or not. world Cup. Offside of the dark, moderate films we have been accustomed to over the past 10 years, Offside is a prolific comedy of national enthusiasm and global appeal, but it contains a social commentary fragile enough to ensure its ban on the show in Iran. . <br /> <br /> Shot through a digital camera using unprofessional actors beyond their mission, the girls try to sneak into Azadi Stadium in Tehran but are arrested and placed in a detention area outside the stadium. They are guarded by three young army recruits (Safdar Samandar, Mohammad Khair Ebadi and Masoud Khima Kabud) expressing their disagreement over their mission but pledging to follow the rules. Women are fans of football, and are not political activists and are proud of Iran's victory, but this does not deter the soldiers from holding them while waiting for the girls to be transferred to the deputy and a mysterious future. <br /> <br /> Frankly instead of acting as victims, they constantly ask the soldiers about the rationale behind the restrictions, making their absurdity quite clear. Although they can hear the noise of the crowds, the women can not see the event, but they win a slight victory when they convince a soldier to give a constant comment on the game. One of the sequences happens when you take a "prisoner" to the men's room. The young recruiter must deal with nearby riots when he is forced to prevent anyone from using the facilities while the girl is still inside. <br /> <br /> Gradually, the rewriting of Adlai Stevenson, who unites them, is turning out to be bigger than the ones that divide them and the potential opponents are rallying behind their country and rooting for the victory that Iran will send to the World Cup. Although this is often pointed out and the film often flows a little in the middle, Offside offers a point of discussion about a society where the politically minded social elite of the Middle Ages must deal with a growing group of educated citizens with political intelligence. One can only hope that world pressure and the awakening of his people will compel the ayatollahs to reconcile with the twenty-first century.
