I saw this film at the Toronto International Film Festival. Offside was filmed during a qualifier for the 2006 World Cup, brilliantly as a comedy and tragedy. The film follows the fortunes of a group of young women caught trying to sneak into a football match at the Azadi Stadium in Tehran. Islamic religious leaders in the country have issued a decision not to allow women to sit with men in sports events, fearing that they will be subjected to other moral and dubious behavior. This has not stopped young fans in the country, who continue to infiltrate using various tricks. But Panahi focuses on a small group that has been arrested and detained near the movement. They ask the bored soldiers guarding them to let them leave or at least allow them to watch the game. The soldiers told them they should not try to enter, and they could watch the game at home on television. They crawl back and forth in almost real time with the continuation of the game, outside the camera. <br /> <br /> There is a very funny sequence where a young soldier escorts a girl to the toilet. Since there are no toilets for females in the stadiums, he has to clean the room of any man before being allowed to enter. In addition, she covers her face so that no one can see her as a woman. This is done using a poster of Iranian football star Ali Daei as a mask, with holes in the eyes. <br /> <br /> You will get a real sense that even the soldiers are puzzled by the ban and are only carrying out their orders to speed up the end of their compulsory military service. One of the soldiers complains that he was supposed to be on vacation so he could take care of his family's cattle in the countryside. Little by little, girls and soldiers talk to each other, and there are many small acts of kindness on both sides to show that these are basically good people living in appalling conditions. However, constant reminders that the "leader" is in his way are giving a sense of threat, because we do not know what kind of punishment women will face. <br /> <br /> Unlike most Iranian films, which are famous for their powerful images, Offside was filmed in a realistic style without any trick. In fact, the film was produced during the actual qualifying match against Bahrain on June 5, 2005. The "plot" in many ways was determined by the result on the pitch. If Iran wins the game, it will be eligible. If they lose, they will not. Since the World Cup has arrived and gone, I do not think it is spoiler to say that Iran won the game. The celebration scenes at the end of the film were real and spontaneous, which gave the film a real authenticity. Seeing the meaning of that to the Iranian people was profound. <br /> <br /> A young woman at the end of the film also refers to seven fans who died during the Iranian-Japanese match on March 25, only a few weeks ago. They were driven to death after the police began to spray the crowds with water to transport them in a certain direction. Knowing that this was a tragedy in real life added another level of sadness to the celebrations. <br /> <br /> I do not want to go out under a long political shadow, but this film gave me real hope in the presence of those in Iran who hope for change and work there. Iran is a young nation, a matter of time only before they replace their elders in the political sphere. Such films show a spirit of pride for the Iranian people despite their current difficulties, and I sincerely hope that there will be a brighter future for them.
