I must be honest and say I bought this film, not because of the content, but because David Cubitt it; I know ... shallow, or what? - But, come on, Mr. Cubitt is a wonderful actor with a palliative phrase. <br /> <br /> I did not really know what I expected from watching this film, and I read the other one writing, and those in other sites but I must say I was attracted to the world of fraternity almost from the beginning. David Coppett as Theo, and Colm Fiori in Ryan's role as credible as the deported brothers, the film moves through their relationship as they begin to try to get to know each other again after the death of their parents. The scene in which Theo was discovered shows that gay Ryan was brilliantly displayed, walking literally in a scene and trying to leave without realizing Ryan - which of course he has. <br /> <br /> The movie has been very well researched so it is incredibly sad, moving, renaissance and celebrating life in parts. He moved away from this feeling of sadness for Ryan, but also knowing that he had received the unconditional hope and love of the brother of the drug addict Theo. I agree with the other reviewer who finds the scene that Theo says he will be a father moving in. I go a little further to say that I already voted for my thoughts in Ryan when he harshly said to Thieu "What makes you think you can be a father and Theo simply says" you ". Theo goes so far, but this little exchange of dialogue speaks of many of the almost painful aspects of Reine, who grew up sharply through a simple response, directing, writing, etc. Well done, I can not really find anything else I'm saying about this film, except To say that it is very difficult to deal with the death of a loved one but this Respect for the subject and the outpouring of love (without contradicting others) speaks volumes in this selfish world in which we live today. Movies that take me to tears and stop me thinking about life in general, and also to be happy with all the things I own and will not be sad for things I do not, but this film did, it was raising the level of consideration of the subject is incredible.
