Anna (Ursula Anders) is brought in as R. N. By former lover Duilio Del Prete, ostensibly to care for the widow of old age, Count Leonida Butasin (Mario Piso), to his health after a heart attack. But Benito is leading a group of heirs and businessmen, including American businessman Mr. Kitch (Jack Palance), with ulterior motives, reflecting what we hope Anna will actually achieve with the Count. He has a history, well, admires women, and will actually be "more vulnerable" as he is treated. The wicked go out of their way because Anna is not on her way to get close to the Count. It may be said that the end is paradoxical, but better described as predictable. <br /> <br /> But this is very impressive - this movie is quite an exciting comedy, from start to finish, and oh how good it is. There are many bare scenes, including Anna and Jol, one of the most hated heirs, played by Luciana Balozi. Ursula and Luciana are considered to be former female conscientious women who receive attention and thus nurture the imagination of male viewers. As she did in Thandrup (remember Fiona Volpe), Luciana plays a pretty charm, somewhat, though less elegant. <br /> <br /> Perhaps the best scene is Anna's full (slow) bar and jumping into bed with Adone Young, the "other patient" (who resists incredibly), trying to figure out what he knows about the plot. But even at this stage, they are already two-sided (for the better), because they decided not to move forward. However, Benito is more than twice with the women, having long past fire with Anna and Julie, followed by the most exciting scene between the lively argument (with mild words) between him and Jolie. This is a meet up where Luciana is down to black panties only. Another cute one is Ursula swimming completely naked in a swimming pool in the estate. Count is free, as a client, to put his hands wherever he wants on Ursula, and he benefits. Hey, somehow I went back to the names of actresses in my recipes. Exciting scenes that include other women include a nudging nude wine hunt. "The Sensuous Nurse" is compressed, 77 minutes, but it does not need to be - it's fun without interruption, never ending. Definitely recommended. <br /> <br />
