I am not a fan of Adam Sandler. In fact, I do not think I was impressed with anything I saw in him. The opening scene of this film confirmed my worst fears. There was Adam Sandler, who was playing a somewhat ironic role riding around New York City on a motorcycle, and seemed pitiful and losing. I thought the Sandler-type character of the loser again. I almost gave up and then there. But then, as I commented on this, I actually discovered something I did not know before: Adam Sandler could act! It's really wonderful in this film, like Charlie, a single lost figure, who killed her entire family (including the dog) in one of the hijacked planes on 9/11, who seems to have lost all contact with reality as a result. Don Cheadle plays his former teammate who unexpectedly reconnects with Charlie and takes her on his mission to help him improve. Of course, Alan Johnson of Chidl has his own problems and sources of unhappiness, and in a way these two men can help each other through their difficulties. The two made a perfectly reasonable team, Sandler especially made Charlie a real, where he worked through his emotions and feelings. This is not a Sandler comedy. If you're looking for that, go to some of the smarter things. It is a rather heavy film - sometimes sad, sometimes hopeful and always energetic. There are some funny parts in it. I liked the scene in which he persuaded Charlie Allen to confront his partners by reminding him of how difficult it was to study at college, and then talking to each other. <br /> <br /> Personally I did not think so Saffron Burrows added a lot to the movie like Donna, and it is clear that the patient needs Johnson. It seems that the only reason for the character (based on a flashback) is that she looked like Charlie's late wife, but that never developed, and I did not care much about personality. Look for the role of the judge played by Donald Sutherland, who I thought was nailed to the bad part. As far as I'm concerned, though, this is Sandler's film, and his glories for his wonderful performance. Definitely his best in my opinion. 10/08
