Alan Johnson (Don Cheadle) is a successful dentist who shares his practice with other business partners. Alan also has a loving wife (Jada Pinkett Smith) and has two daughters (Camille Lache Smith and Eman Hakim). He also left his parents in his huge apartment in New York City. But somehow, he feels that his life is somewhat empty. On a normal day in the city, his old college colleague Charlie Fireman (Adam Sandler) sees him. Who Alan has not seen for years. When Alan tries to make friends with Charlie again. Charlie is a lonely depressed man, hiding his true feelings from people who care about him. Since Charlie lost his family unexpectedly in a plane crash, they were on an aircraft on September 11, 2001. When Alan feels satisfied with Charlie. When Alan mentions things from his past, Charlie turns violent towards Alan or anyone who mentions his deceased family. Now Alan tries to help Charlie and tries to make his life a little easier on himself. But Alan discovers that making Charlie talk about his true feelings is more difficult than expected. <br /> <br /> Written and directed by Mike Binder (Blancman, Indian Summer, The Rise of Anger) has made a wonderfully influential human drama and moments of sadness, truth and comedy as well. Sandler presents an impressive dramatic performance by Sandler in his dramatic role more than in Paul Thomas Anderson's Punch-Drunk Love. Cheadle is excellent as usual. Pinkett Smith is fine as a supportive wife to Alan, Liv Tyler is also good as a young psychologist and Saffron Burrows is just as good as the beautiful alien woman, who has a wild crush on Alan. This movie was unfortunately a disappointment at the box office, although it had some great reviews. The actors are top notch here, writing and the director is wonderful and Russ T. The film contains wonderful locations in New York City, which make the film from New York City a beautiful city to look at in the picture. <br /> <br /> The DVD has a sharp distorted optical display (2.35: 1) and a good Dolby Digital 5.1 surround sound transmission. DVD also has Jam Session with Sandler & Cheadle, a feature and photo montage and previews. I was expecting more for DVD features such as the audio track through the output and deleted scenes. "Reign Over Me" is definitely one of the best films released this year. I'm sure this movie looked great on the big screen. Unfortunately, I did not have the opportunity to see him in the theater. But it's also a movie genre that plays well on a DVD. The movie also contains a good soundtrack and has many familiar faces supporting roles and bits. Even the director has part of the role of Iran Shugerman, a representative himself. "Reign Over Me" is one of the most appreciated images of the year. It's also Sandler's best film in my taste since "The Wedding Singer". do not miss. HD widescreen. (**** 1/2 of *****).
