A man loses his entire family and even his dog on a trip from Boston on the morning of that fateful day of September 11, 2001. What you may not know before watching this movie is: How it will be; What to do with So, how will this affect you and your relationship with each day of vigilance? The story unfolds painfully slow from the gate and then gets warmer because it gains little speed as the relationship between dentist Alan Johnson (Don Cheadle) and his former roommate Charlie Fineman (Adam Sandler) is renewed and begins to take shape. The characters in this film, which at first seems to be obligatory and not well developed, actually remain with this story, and the simplicity of each character makes this story believable and accurate. Real people live in a real position where they can not do much but stand aside while someone breaks up. The pain inside Charley's soul is subtly illustrated by the first introduction and grows as we learn more about his personality, which Sandler has brilliantly unveiled, as layers of onions ?? One layer at a time with combined lightness and weight. It is so subtle that it sneaks in and enters your head while you watch it on the screen. Chidleys Alan Johnson is equally very subtle and Don Cheadle. Always enjoy watching, the ease with which Cheadle speaks on screen to his skillful acting skills. Alan's relationship with Charlie Viman is sensitive to texture, as the situation requires. Fineman does not want friendship, nor does anyone want to intrude on his close life. However, Alan's favorite quality is simple and honest enough to provoke curiosity like Charlie. Alan is responsible for opening the carefully sealed life of Charlie. There is inherent risk in this process. The more Charlie is prepared to open up, and the more she will get involved in the services of friend and psychologist Angela Okurst, the closer Charlie's risk is to the edge. It is an abyss Charlie wrestles at every moment you wake up and learned to move through during a period of denial is severe. He has denied everything that existed before him in order to live with his loss. Unfortunately, his sadness is one thing that can not be denied. Sandler withdraws deeply into the pain of his character during the story's revelation, and by the time his demons meet face-to-face, the viewer shares his pain almost equally. Alan stands beside Charlie during this rigorous process at risk of his ideal home life - run by grace and superb efficiency by Janine's wife. (Jada Pinkett Smith) While Alan tends to recover from Charlie, Alan looks inward and acknowledges his silent scream at the death of his once-owned independence and the boy he lost to a man. His reward for helping Charlie is to help himself reconnect with what he has lost. The theme is much like the Fisher King; another story of a man isolating himself to the point of madness of grief and loss. Like The Fisher King, the story ends with a classic, there is someone for everyone. Reign Over Me's Lidia Sinclair, who played the role in "The Amanda Plummer" in The Fisher King, Saffron Burrows, a woman on the verge of collapse and the Apostolic Patient of Johnson, who turned out to be too unstable to be complemented by Charlie's border madness . It's a good ending to the story, but it's probably not the only thing that's true. Then again, maybe there is someone really for everyone. Devora MacDonald Vancouver, British Columbia
