I did not really go to "Reign Over Me" to know exactly what to expect from either the director or the story. The plot was easy enough to understand, I suppose. The entire man's family died on 9/11 and closed the world of his life. Okay. I did not know whether he would use the terrorism link as a platform to talk about this or other issues related to him, which is really not at a very clear level, so if you are afraid to be surrounded by political opinions that may be different from your views, Worried about that. I think the writing never mentioned "September XI" explicitly. <br /> <br /> I was generally impressed. It was a very moving picture. Enjoy the movie with a sense of humor, which is very sharp, but it is certainly a drama where it is calculated. I usually do not like to think comedian actors are not capable of actual acting, but sometimes, let's be honest, they are as well. Adam Sandler is certainly capable of that (and although I think so, you may disagree with him, as Jim Carrey is very well rounded at times). Sandler's picture of Charlie Feyman takes a character that seems totally unrealistic and makes it perfectly believable. I have read many reviews that criticized Alan Johnson's writing (Don Cheadle in another excellent role, if not a few of his latest), which was well played by Jada Pinkett Smith, describing it as static and dull, but that is not entirely true. <br /> <br /> It has depth, but some of it hides behind the main story, which sometimes drifts in and out of focus. (It is also reminiscent of some unusual transformations that took place early in the film, with a strange blurring "Make everything out of focus." After about 40 minutes, it is no longer used.) It may be important for the characters' expectations, technically, or Maybe they just realized how angry she was.) The film gradually begins to reveal our point (one of several, but certainly the most obvious) of the story, that sometimes people have to deal with grief in their own way. It may seem unorthodox to us, it may seem quite unhealthy, but perhaps what some want more than anything is just forgetting. To exist only. The soundtrack of the films was excellent, and the music was used to follow and amplify the mood, rather than creating it, giving credit to actors and writers. <br /> <br /> The movie takes its name from the song "Love, The Era of Mei," opposite The Who's, Quadrophenia. The song itself is somewhat unimportant to the actual story, but it is strongly used in the film throughout its climax, and in the end. The film is going well, and it does not feel like it is pulling anywhere in its length, which is just over two hours. If you can accept Adam Sandler's portrait of this deeply broken man, you will enjoy the film. You will become entangled in the story and you will really feel the characters in every minute of them. It's not the best film of the year, and there's nothing new or amazing in a positive way, but it's a very enjoyable film, in general.
