On September 11, 2001, millions were killed. But the life of 2819 ended in a very horrible way. They were the victims of an airplane hijacking by extremists whose sole task was to destroy buildings, but more importantly, people. This film gives an in-depth look at four people who have been reduced to life by this disastrous event and a man whose life has been shattered by the loss of their lives. <br /> <br /> Charlie Veneman (played by Adam Sandler), a former dentist living in New York, loses his wife and three children on September 11 when they were on their way to Los Angeles. Emotional annihilation due to events, eventually loses touch with everyone who reminds him of his past life; including his son-in-law and his best friend (played, respectively, Robert Klein, Melinda Dillon, Mike Bender). Goes to completely deny and do his best to forget his previous life. This continues until his old friend, Alan Johnson (who plays Don Cheadle), meets and does not seem to remember. The two begin to catch up, but Veyman thinks Johnson sent him out of his former life to persuade him to get help. Slowly but surely, Veneman recovers confidence in Johnson. <br /> <br /> While all this is happening, Alan Johnson's life is going the wrong way. He is a self-medicated dentist who helps start dental practice. One day, a patient named Donna Rimmar (played by Saffron Burroughs) tries to move on and tells him that she wants oral sex for him. This is an unwelcome surprise for Dr. Johnson because he is a married man with two children. While returning home from work on a certain business day, his old friend (Fineman) sees and tries to report him. He is unsuccessful, but he gets another chance to convince Fineman to have coffee with him to catch up, despite the fact that Fineman does not know who he is. <br /> <br /> One of the most interesting things about this movie is its use of music as an incentive. One of the physiological crutches of Veneman is music, especially Springsteen and other classical rock artists. When Veneman is asked to open up to his past or talk about things he finds unpleasant, he puts on his ear and drowns the world with his music. <br /> <br /> When the movie was over, I had to think: How can I deal with the loss of my family? How do I deal with such tragic events? It's something we do not think about very much. We always think they will be there and we often take them for granted, whether we intend to or not. We are usually aware of how important it is when it is too late; such a blow can destroy someone physically, emotionally and physiologically. I really do not know how I'll be able to handle something like that. Will I face the problem face to face, deal with it, go ahead in my life or will I put headphones and ban the world?
