Again and again, the comedians in Hollywood seem to surprise me with their talents as a dramatic performance: first was Robin Williams (One One Photo (2002)}, then Jim Carrey {'Eternal Sunshine ?? (2004) 'being one example', then Will Ferrell ('Stranger than Fiction (2006)') and now Adam Sandler. Yes, that's quite true: the man who has set up his entire career in making stray comic films (I do not complain; I've always been a fan) has finally given me an offer he can be proud of. Of course, some readers may wonder what happened to "Punch-Drunk Love (2002)", but I can only assure you that it's a film I'm taking action to see as soon as possible, since I heard it's great. Mike Binder's first film, "Reign Over Me," is an intelligent and respectful exploration of sadness and friendship. Although this sometimes happens in a very familiar area, the story of the story, which is somewhat predictable, demonstrates its depth and movement. Surprisingly, Sandler and Don Cheadle presented unforgettable performances. <br /> <br /> Alan Johnson (Chidell) is a successful dentist. With a good family, although he finds himself unable to communicate properly with his wife (Jada Pinkett Smith) so his marriage is a little crisp. Charlie Fineman (Adam Sandler) is Alan's former college colleague, the man who lost his entire family in the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001, and still faces his immense grief. Charlie was an annoying figure with chaotic hair and mysterious eyes (often resembling that of Bob Dylan). He gave up his dental career and spends his time in isolation: listening to music with headphones that cut off all sounds from the outside world, driving around Manhattan on his bike Steam, immerses himself in fictional video games and restores the kitchen of his apartment frequently according to the wishes of his deceased wife. When Alan and Charlie meet for the first time in years, the latter does not recognize an old friend, completely abandoning any memories before his life-long experience. In fact, at first, he did not recognize the existence of his family, suddenly losing his temper whenever anyone suggested that he seek advice. <br /> <br /> At first, some directors may seem to be taking advantage of the Sept. 11 attacks as a tool to tell stories. In the end, would not it be devastating if the Charlie family dies in a normal car accident every day? However, if you think the director's intention is to show the tremendous pain that tragedy causes to ordinary citizens, "Reign Over Me" does a very good job. It is easy to recognize the meaningless statistics so neglect the emotional costs of terrorist attacks; this is the first film directed to the atheist of September I saw him really addresses the suffering of those who did not even participate, whose sole cause was their loss of loved ones. Adam Sandler shows an amazing group in a difficult role, which could have collapsed into parts if not at the task level. Charlie Fineman, who immediately captures joy, anger and depression, is a man we can sympathize with deeply, a hollow spirit that, thanks to an old friend, can finally hint at the end of a dark dark tunnel.
