There may be spoilers! <br /> <br /> Charlie Fineman (Adam Sandler), who lost his family in a tragedy, (the September 11 terrorist attacks), is still sad for their deaths. He runs to his former college colleague, Alan Johnson (Don Cheadle), and the two greet their friendship. Alan pledges to help his old friend adapt to the terrible loss. This is a simplification of the basic story of my more judgment. <br /> <br /> This film is, however, the story of how destiny reacts in our lives when we are unable to do anything about our own situations. Allen is stuck in a life he knows he no longer meets. He feels he is unfriendly and far from reality. He is unable to communicate with his wife and colleagues at work. He can not express his feelings and as a result feels lost and alienated from his world. He chances on Charlie on the streets of Manhattan while driving from his job. Eventually he meets and discovers Charlie (who does not remember Alan at all), living in a false truth of his own. Charlie returned to a time in his life when he did not have a family. He lives as if he was still a student playing in a rock band, collecting vinyl records from the 1960s and 1970s gangs, and playing video games. He has fled to a better and safer time in his life where there are no bad men and he has a lot to lose. Everyone in this film is influenced in some way by the tragedy that affected Charlie and his remission in a different and better place (?). The owner of the land is his protector and a great potential. Expels his wife from his life because it will bring him back to the fact that his family has now disappeared from his life. Alan is the most affected because Alan wants (first selfish desire to escape his own reality) to be with Charlie as a way to put himself out of his stifling reality and then wants to find a way to help Charlie begin to recover from his guilt caused by himself and deprive him of loss. Through this relationship, Charlie is not only able to begin to heal himself, but actually, Alan learns to communicate and desires his real desires with his co-workers. In the end, he can admit to his wife that he has not. He was able to communicate his true feelings to her but he wanted her so much because he loved her. It is really an exciting moment in the film when things collide with the fan and Charlie faces the reality of putting him away talking to Alan about the situation together about the "Chinese language" where Charlie said he was really worried about Alan and not himself. <br /> <br /> This movie, if you allow it, will take you to a river of emotions and make you think. You'll laugh at how Charlie uses his words, just like people do in everyday life, to make a comedy statement about the truth of the real situation. He will leave you on the verge of tears (in my case of actual tears), when Charlie confronts his grief and begins to control his massive loss. Indeed, this tragic reality is his sin and his loss has never been abandoned and dealt with in the only way he has known it: denial. (As you did in Charlie!) And will make you smile in the mystery of an old, wise, stern judge (Donald Sutherland, who is outstanding in his short, distinguished role and offers the best performance). A wise and tough lawyer since Wilford Brimley was assistant attorney general in the absence of anger). <br /> <br /> This was amazing to me for several other reasons: (1) I never saw my watch during the screening of the film. Which meant that I had from start to finish, (2) although the crew was ethnically, however, this fact was not important to play characters' roles in the film. The race was an unimportant factor in the roles in this film. Amazing people can actually interact with this fact that is being taken out! (3) The only real indication of the events of September 11 is when Charley's financial lawyer points to the tragedy of Charlie's loss as "what became Charlie on 9/12." Time will be the real test of how this film will appear in the future, but if the purpose of the film is not just entertainment, but make one think and make that movie stay with you for a long time after you leave the theater, then Reign Over Me has succeeded as much as I am concerned. I have not forgotten this wonderful film that is thought provoking and I will wait impatiently for the day I can buy it as a DVD disc.
