Reign Over Me is a success due to the strong work done by Adam Sandler and Don Cheadle. While comedians who go to drama have considered it a distraction, Sandler is no stranger to playing more serious roles. Most of the characters they portray have an unstable and weak mood that can explode at any moment. It may even be typecast for characters with such hidden anger problems. However, this performance has some dramatic weight loss, unlike its roles in less comedy fare such as Punch-Drunk Love and Spanglish. <br /> <br /> In the film, Alan Johnson (Cheadle) encounters his old college colleague, Charlie Finnerman (Sandler), whom he has not seen for several years. Five years ago, Charlie suffered a heavy loss for his wife and three daughters in a plane crash. Charlie barely recognizes the personality of Chidl because of the suppression of his memory and the consequent pattern of childish life isolated since the accident. Charlie will not remember who he is until Alan continues to involve him in the conversation. Their next renewable relationship will allow Ferman to have a friend who does not talk about losing, which can eventually counteract the ideas and feelings he suppressed under his own conditions. <br /> <br /> Although he is a writer and director Mike Binder does not show much sense of individual style, and some of the shots and criticisms he did was a bit strange, he has the talent to get great performances from his representatives while he was a writer Talented and funny. He filmed the film with a digital camera, as more filmmakers do today, enabling the crew to shoot night scenes with limited lighting. The colorful backgrounds of New York City kept the focus, but it created frequent digital pills, similar to the scattered blue spots on the screen. <br /> <br /> Every major character in Reign Over Me gives almost a great performance feature. Jada Pinkett Smith and especially Liv Tyler are memorable in their respective roles as a frustrating wife of Chidl's personality and a psychologist. However, it is Sandler and Cheadle who offer some of their best work so far. They totally own this movie. Sandler is already playing a character that does not seem to be the same or behaves like him at all, partly because of his witty bob Bob Dylan. Although Cheedle's character has more screen time than Sandler, they should be seen as leading roles, supporting each other and helping each other throughout the film. <br /> <br /> Music also plays a major role in this film, especially "Reign Over Me", "Love, Reign O''er Me" by The Who, and then covered by Pearl Jam. In one of the most powerful moments of the film, Binder Sandler uses the music to close his feelings and memories, but this particular song evokes these intense emotions that stir his feelings instead of reducing his anger. In general, Reign Over Me is a fun and sad film, but funny many times, driven by its amazing pioneering performance.
