Love hurts. I think this is the main message from Mike Binder, the latest film in Reign Over Me. Whether this love has caused the stagnation of your relationship, or aroused anger from the person you love cheating for years, or break your heart so much that you are unable to open up to the world, love will hurt you. However, the great thing about this film is not in portraying those lost lives that try to leave the sufferer past, but eventually re-starting new links for the future. There is no one in this drama ideal; they are all emotionally trapped in some degree in relationships they can not liberate from their own. There are some heavy stuff here and I appreciate Binder not to make the story turn into a political speech, but instead instill the dangerous moments with some nice real comedy shots that allow the story to remain character-based and small in comparison to the epic event looming. It would not have become a vulgar tool about how the events of September 11 affected us all, and you end up with the story of two men and a link they share, and this is the only thing that can save their lives from a life of depression and remorse. This is Adam Sandler's new functionality. I would like to think that my favorite director, Paul Thomas Anderson, was the first to see the pent-up childish anger in his stupid comedy films as something that he uses dramatically. A personal character such as Billy Madison allows laughter and humor, but can also be used to show a hunched, shy and stuck man around the world around him? A man without confidence needs an event of sympathy to break it. Of his power. Anderson allowed Sandler to do just that in the Bunch-Sugar Love and Mike Binder masterpieces, which they took a step further. Sandler plays the role of former dentist Charlie Finman, who killed his wife and three children in an aircraft that dropped the World Trade Center on 9-11. At that moment, he crushed any life he lived and as a result, he became isolated and began to think he could not remember anything that happened before that day. It really delivers an impressive picture of a man trying to keep the chaos in his head while trying around him, those who love him, and open him to the truth of what happened and what the future holds. He is always on standby and ready to shoot at any moment when something is mentioned to evoke the memories of his bereaved family. He spends his life on the iPod and headphones, stopping everything so as not to be tempted. <br /> <br /> The reign of more than me is not about Charlie Veneman, but about the dentist and his family Alan Johnson. Johnson, the man who has besieged himself in marriage and practicing dentistry that has focused both on monotony, needs as much help in his life as does his old colleague at Charlie College. Johnson played the backbone of his attempt to change his life, playing perfectly without the ever-bright Cheidle. He has no friends, and when Charlie sees, someday, his life evolves into something he has not felt in 15 years. He enjoys the opportunity to go out with an old friend no matter how he has changed his family's death. The personality of Chidl wants to return to the days of college dangling and does not mind Sandler because it was all before meeting his wife. The two men get what they want and allow themselves, despite the years of isolation that used to govern their lives. Once openness begins, it is imperative that the subject of the tragedy be crawled and test the facade they have created for themselves. <br /> <br /> The support team does a great job helping to maintain two lead appearances. Jada Pinkett Smith was not an actress. I played the whole length of the film as hard as a nail girl, but it was her last sight on the phone with Cheadle that showed me something different and correct. Liv Tyler is a psychologist, but the film calls it a fact and makes it misleading and ideal. Many small buildings are effective, even the role of writer / director Mike Binder as Sandler's best friend and accountant. (My only gripe here is why he feels the need to put his name in the opening credits as an actor anywhere, since he is his film). Last but not least, beautiful saffron burrows. She is a wonderful actress and plays a loving divorce in an attempt to bring her life back together beautifully. The role of comedy appears at first, but it ends up being an integral part of what will come. <br /> <br /> Binder designed one of the best drama studies I have seen in a long time. The direction is almost flawless, (the blurring between the cuts and the characters in the foreground / background really annoyed me at first), the wonderful actor, the real story for itself, and never take the easy way to give up or close it accurately. Draw the bow in closing. So the music was fantastic and used to promote, not to lead us emotionally, (why after two great uses of the titular song by The Who did Binder feel the need to use a lower edition Eddie Veddar for the end, I do not know, but unfortunately did stick to it for me). Reign Over Me is a film about love and how it can cause the worst imaginable pain, but it can save us from remorse and allow us once again to see the world as a place of beauty and hope.
