This film was shown last night at the Austin Paramount Theater as part of the SXSW Film Festival. We were applauding the presence of director Mike Binder and the stars Adam Sandler and Don Cheadle who addressed the audience's questions after the film. It is a wonderful and powerful film about what it means to lose yourself and start to get back on your way. The offerings are immense and the story has managed to be tragic and funny in a very rare way. (The movie trailer tries to emphasize comedy.) <br /> <br /> This is an important role for Adam Sandler. While moving on to more dramatic roles with Punch-Drunk Love and Spanglish, this role is an important step forward for him as a dramatic actor. He deserves Oscar nomination as he continues to move to more dramatic roles as did Tom Hanks and Jim Carrey. In this role, he seemed to be trying to direct Dustin Hoffman to the Rain Man. Although the play of an autistic man is certainly different from the personality of Sandler's shock, both cases are for different reasons locked in two worlds of isolation and confusion that resemble a child. The same quality. After Hotel Rwanda and Crash, we've come to expect wonderful deals from Cheadle. He has the qualities of honesty and honesty that comes through this role. But he is also crushed and struggling if not in the deep ways like Sandler's character. Chidl struggles with both his marriage and his career as a dentist. Chidell and Sandler's characters struggle to deal with each other in the way many real friends often do (in a way that reminds me of Matt Damon and Robin Williams in Good Will Hunting). They both look for this part of themselves that they have lost and are trying to find again. <br /> <br /> Reign over Me is one of the best studio films to be released this year. Sound, which is almost another character in the wonderful plot. Photography on the streets of New York - a city that has suffered a great tragedy and has to heal itself - is also beautiful. Supporting roles for Jada Pinkett Smith, Liv Tyler, Savron Burroughs (in a very strange role), Donald Sutherland, and Mike Binder himself are all very good. <br /> <br /> Writer / director Mike Binder has really made a story that many will be able to communicate with on many levels. This is a story about grief, family, healing, male friendship, mental health and the meaning of love. Ruling over me does not disappoint. The film is almost hypnotic, drawing you into the lives of its characters. Hollywood will have a much better reputation if it produces more professional and charming films such as Reign over Me.
