Everyone is certainly familiar with these famous stories? The courageous businessman visits the specter of his dead partner on Christmas Eve and warns that if he continues in his mysterious ways, he will be condemned to another life in chains. In order to avoid the fate of his partner, he is visited by three souls who show him visions of Christmas past, present and future, so that we hope to see his ways wrong before it is too late. A sick tale may be thought by one, but it is the classic Dickens story, and also one of the most famous and famous Christmas stories of all time. <br /> <br /> To me, this is the final version of the timeless Dickens story. He's the one I always remember when I watch him at school, and I remember being terrified of it! Ghost of Jacob Marley, the last scene with the current Christmas ghost under the bridge, the Christmas ghost has yet to come, especially I found very scary. How did the film get a "U" certificate? (For non-UK readers, the "U" rating is the least rated, it means that they are a friend of the family and children are welcome, nothing frightens them ... etc. This is certainly not the case, because some young children will undoubtedly find that the last part It's terrifyingly scary in the shadow of the dark future of Christmas. <br /> <br /> Since so many of the classic stories I have seen adapted to the film, this may be the most fulfilling book. The clip is rarely seen in the movie's modifications to the original text - a clip of the ghost of the Christmas gift shows the two children Scrooge (You will never get away with a scene like this today!) Children represent ignorance and need (despite changing them to want in this film). <br /> <br /> However, criticisms of me have become clear after Watching it again with more objective and trained eyes, the most important of which is that George S. Scott's shooting of Scrooge seems simply not cool enough ... laughing so much I do not want to use the word jolly because of course Ebeneezer is nothing else, but he seems to be just an angry old man, To be a positive, cool and indifferent man who is in the book and other films. Patrick Stewart filmed him excellently in one of the latest releases filmed, and Michael Kane, although he was acting alongside the puppets, was cool and positive. Moreover, the development of character throughout the film as he learns more about the error in his ways and grows toward redemption is unconvincing and shows inconsistent. It seems to have changed little by the time it reaches the final lesson of the third spirit. <br /> <br /> But ignore this mixture (albeit great), still the amazing Christmas tale that brings a sense of satisfaction in the end, where Christmas movies should be. London, of course, looks like a wonderful, snow-capped English city that many Americans might imagine (the truth is that until then London was gray and bleak, and no snow was white!) And everyone dressed very elegantly, even the poor seemed more agile. But of course it's Christmas, so why does not everything look nice? Show the perfect holiday season. Along with copies of it's wonderful life, a miracle on 34th Street, a snowman, you'll get everything you need.
