This modern Noir film, which is characterized by humor and amazing succession of plot movements, presents a story full of surprises, serious characters and excellent entertainment from start to finish. It is impossible not to sympathize with the humble or humble hero because of the ways in which he is trying to get out of the terrible predicament he finds himself in, so all you can do is tie your seat belt and enjoy your ride. <br /> <br /> The story of an ordinary man makes a bad decision and then finds that its consequences are driving him to an uncontrollable series of events he can not get rid of is Noir. The same applies to murder, deception, corruption and duplication everywhere. There are also many familiar visual elements in Noir, such as the way cigarette smoke shines, the rain is drowned at night, the heavily shaded interior and shadow lines (created by louvred doors) across people's faces. <br /> <br /> Michael Williams (Nicholas Cage), a wounded veteran with no money or jobs, stopped at a bar in Red Rock, Wyoming, and was mistaken by owner Wayne Brown (JT Walsh) for a successful man To work to kill his wife Susan (Lara Flynn Boyle). Michael, a naturally conservative person, does nothing to give Wayne a misunderstanding, especially since he can use a job and does not initially realize what he is expected to do. After telling him about his job and giving him a $ 5,000 advance, he goes to see Susan and warns her about Win's plan. She does not seem to be too concerned about the danger to which Michael is exposed and twice the fees Win has offered, in order to eliminate her husband. <br /> <br /> Michael decides to take the money he received from both parties and leave the town. But his plan fails, when he accidentally drives a man standing in the middle of the road and decides to transfer him to hospital for treatment of his injuries. In the hospital, things get complicated when the patient is found to be a lover of Susan and has two bullets in his abdomen. This leads to the involvement of local law enforcement officers and the revelation that Wayne is a sheriff !! From this point, things become more complex and particularly dangerous, especially when a real successful guy arrives, a night from Dallas (Dennis Hopper) to the scene. <br /> <br /> Red Rock West has some great things to do with moments of suspense (for example, the scene from which Michael escapes from the Wayne Bar) as well as some great performances from his very strong crew. Nicolas Cage's expressions are very natural and convincing as he interacts with a variety of situations of concern, surprise, or uncertainty. J T Walsh is very good as a misguided figure who always hides more than he actually says. Dennis Hopper strongly threatens to be the killer of the evil contract (a role he plays with great enthusiasm) and Lara Flynn Boyle looks cool and is considered a Vim girl. Dwight Joakam also provides some good support and moments of humor in his successful role as a meaningless truck driver. <br /> <br /> Incredibly, "Red Rock West" was originally directed to deprive him of a generic but well-publicized film version that emerged from its humble beginnings in the end to be recognized as a truly wonderful film.
