What we have here is a great thrill in the 1990s, although it may lack substance, but it still provides great entertainment throughout its operation and generally does everything you may need for such a film. I saw this film mainly because it was directed by John Dale - a very good director behind the thrilling thrills like The Last Seduction, Rounders and Roadkill. I thought that if this film was on the level of what I had already seen from the director, it would be worth watching - Red Rock West is definitely a film that can be proud of by D. Michael's plot focuses on excessive morality. A man travels all over America looking for work. We ended up finding him one day when he found a pub in Red Rock County - but the catch is that the job is to kill a man's wife. He was wrong because of an assassin named Lyle, but instead of doing the job; he plays both sides against each other and eventually intends to make the getaway. However, his attempts to escape failed and found himself in a bad position when the real Lyle appeared ... <br /> <br /> John Dal seems to be enjoying the excitement of the road; he did it three years ago with Kill Me Again, Another almost decade after this film with Roadkill. It's not hard to know why Dahl chooses this type of site, because it provides a great atmosphere for such a site. Dal also provides his film with a "Noir" atmosphere, where the plot focuses mainly on the central character and the word he drowns with dark and mysterious characters. The acting is very good, with Nicolas Cage doing an excellent job in the lead role, and getting first-class support from Lara Flynn Boyle, J.T. Walsh and of course Dennis Hopper. Which again commands the screen with its performance at the highest level. It must be said that the second half of the film does not dominate the first half, but Red Rock West certainly is not boring, and the way it coordinates the final grand final is excellent in that all central characters become part of it. In general, Red Rock West is a movie you do not regret watching. It's exciting all the time, and you can not ask for much more!
