Ealing Studios, a film and television production company based in West London, claims to be the oldest film studio in the world. Although he has been constantly producing films and television programs since the 1930s, his golden age was certainly between 1948 and 1955, when he produced a series of masterpieces of comedy, many of them starring Alec Guinness. These include the well-known titles' Whiskey Galore! "The Titfield Thunderbolt (1953)" and "Ladykillers (1955)", "The Titfield Thunderbolt (1953)". "One of the most popular Ealing Studio films," The Man in the White Suit, "was released in 1951 and starred by Alec Guinness as Sidney Stratton, the brilliant inventor of a great texture, an invention that makes him more enemies than friends unexpectedly . <br /> <br /> Sidney Stratton is poor and unwelcome, but has a very abundant scientific talent. Because of his lack of qualification, the only jobs he can get are a concierge or a worker in any of the large textile mills, where he secretly conducts his own experiments using the company's money and equipment. After being discovered and expelled countless times, Sydney is convinced that only weeks away from the important scientific discovery will revolutionize the textile industry. Encouraged by his daughter Daphne (Joan Greenwood), fabricist Alan Burnley (Cecil Parker) takes great interest in Sydney's exploits and agrees to fund any other business. After many failed attempts and a few devastating explosions, Sydney finally revealed his stunning creation: a matte white fabric that never gets dirty and never wears. <br /> <br /> If Sydney thinks that his invention made him a hero, then he was very disappointed. The powerful textile industry leaders, led by weak Sir John Keralao (Ernest Thesiger), are united to ensure that the revolutionary invention, which can paralyze their entire business, will not enter full production. In the same vein, the humble workers in the trade union hear about the creation of Sydney, and they began to erase it from existence for fear of their jobs. However, the inventor is convinced that the permanent fabric will always bring rest and happiness to many, and refuses to surrender to the demands of others, despite the threat of violence and offered 250,000 yen compensation. For all his troubles to announce his invention to the media, only one person gives Darney her full sympathy and support, the daughter of Bernley Daphne, who works to marry someone else but falls in love with Sydney's plight anyway. <br /> <br /> The Man in the White Suit is a smart and fun comedy, brilliantly created by an intelligent script (written by John DeTon, Roger McDougall and director Alexander Mackendrick) and a strange and charming performance by Alec Guinness. There are also a few strong blows in capitalism, and how major industries can hinder progress for their own monetary positions, although we can certainly see arguments on either side of the debate.
