In my opinion the best Ealing comic films and one of my favorite movies of all time. Perhaps the subject of workers against management (with much talk of unions and rights) goes back to the history of the film a little because it is no longer a subject that discusses all that much but this does not prevent the "white suit" from being a classic game stop. <br /> <br /> The plot, about a man trying to create a new revolutionary fabric that ends up putting the textile industry in turmoil, does not seem exciting when written but the film retains that basic spark of fiction mixed with the reality that happens to be a comedy Genuine Ealing. The fabric repels dirt and can not rest! The elegant white suit worn by Alec Guinness throughout the second half is the focus of many images and iconic sequences, such as Guinness being able to use its indestructible thread to measure a transparent wall! The script itself is full of dry intelligence - "Is it okay?" "Yes really." "Compassion". - The characterization is first class. I am always amazed at the wonderful direction in these films too. Comedy in later times will rely on "directing the camera to actors and allowing it to pass," but Ealing's films have always been trying to illuminate, angles and interesting innovations. This film is no exception. <br /> <br /> Of course, it's the actor who brings the material up to spectacular heights. Alec Guinness presents a wonderfully fantastic performance, with eyes shifting wonder, happiness and overwhelming defeat whenever the story requires it. Stratton is a man obsessed with everything except his work. This isolated personality can become boring or irritating quickly, but the Guinness book makes him so effortlessly loved that the final stages of the film generate a real sense of urgency. Stratton tries to appear in a world that wants to bury everything he has worked for. Joan Greenwood plays another role in her strong female roles and feels absolutely happy to watch as usual, as with Cecil Parker and Michael Goff. Everyone laughs without even trying. It is less than the British comedy value at its best. <br /> <br /> "The Man in the White Suit" is 81 minutes of phenomenal brilliance, with a magnificent plot, great cast, glittering intelligence and healthy dolls of irony. Highest score ever.
