One of the things that make Ealing this comedy very funny is the intelligent editing. Footage that is absolutely necessary for most modern comedy films is intentionally left. (This was known as the loss of British value.) <br /> <br /> Three cases: A comic battle like this was released. Alec Guinness invented a new cloth that would destroy the industry. Half a dozen businessmen invite him to their office in an attempt to get him to sign a contract to give up his grip on the cloth so that production can be suppressed. When he holds this, Guinness stands and turns and walks to the door. Two men hinder his way. He says quietly: "Excuse me," and step forward. The two men are moving between Guinness and the camera. Cuts. A secretary sits outside her office. There is silence until the bell begins to indicate feverishly. They run their own notebook and open the door to the internal office where Donnybrook is full of bustling and half-shattered room. Guinness starts from the open door. <br /> <br /> The following example will be out of the question today. During the research stage of his invention, Guiness created a sophisticated chemical device but instead of converting experimental liquid to a new cloth, the device explodes. Repeatedly explodes. The laboratory is cleared from all other works. The explosions continue. The ceilings fall down. The windows are blown up. The research manager sits on his desk in a small office full of debris, a bandage on his head. When he opens the door behind him jumps into the air. "Sit down, there's something else worth at any moment," he told his visitor. It is unbearably entertaining - and there is no bullet to any explosions. This will not be impossible without a fireball, and a building may collapse with slow motion. <br /> <br /> The latter example consists of a series of uncompromising rapid cuts, which have been carefully assembled. Guiness is followed and surrounded by the lobby of the office building by people who want him to sign the contract. In the face of two men about to wrestle with him, Guinness supports a firm expression. She hit the pedestal with a metal opening. Bust falls back and collides with the wall. There is a shot lasting about one second from the bust hitting the wall. Another short shot of a metal shield hanging above the bust being loose and falling off. A quick cut of Guinness head rises to the frame. Was confined to the two men staring at the camera while the huge brass sound and shock from the screen were heard. Cut into flat guiness on the back. No one today has the right not to show that Guinness crowns this shield. <br /> <br /> I will not continue. It's a fine comedy but it's very bitter under all the joy. In solving one set of problems, Guiness created dozens of others. Both the administration and the work oppose it, and none of them shows any great benefit. Of course, the economic effects have to do with more than one cloth. "What about that car that works on water with little or nothing else in it?" One of the workers asks. "Vested interests," another worker says, as Thorsten Veppelin refers to his grave. What happens if our energy problems are resolved overnight? If I own Exxon shares - and I think I do - I'll think about the idea. Where will the oil industry be if oil is no longer needed? For that matter, where will the police force and the FBI be if the crime suddenly disappears? This is a very thoughtful and entertaining film, beautifully directed and edited. The list of performers is unrivaled. Joan Greenwood with that strong voice. Gossip Cecil Parker. Embalming sapphire Ernest Thesiger. <br /> <br /> A first class job is everywhere.
