"Delivery" is a dead example of what came out of the great films of the 1970s. While your decoder is dropped during the movie Terminator, are you really holy? I do not think so, because you are there to see what has been compiled by the new CGI (CGIs) - does not matter. <br /> <br /> Many everyday situations can become horrifying for no reason at all, because there are so many people who participate in daily life - like a trip to the market ..... or walking on a dark street. "Salvation" is very frightening, because those innocent acts can turn out to be fatal. The adventure in the jungle background is fun in fun? Anyone who has this idea does not read newspapers, does not watch the daily news, and does not watch other films that depict the risk of "third-party abuse" in areas that strangers do not welcome. It is almost inconceivable that the advanced dish on "Survival" has almost never told everyone that watching it was not a picnic, and "The Screaming Like a Pig" was not part of "Deulling Banjos". <br /> <br /> I hate the term "hillbillies" because, as some "users" have written, it deprives whole areas of people who are very satisfied with living as they know - without the interference of modern life. Much of the "innate" is formed - this is not strange to the background life. Chinatown should teach us this lesson. However, the city residents are too stupid to enter a closed society and give them a position. I know a lot of "hills" - they are moral people, when they leave themselves. "Justice" may be brutal when they feel threatened or insulted, just like "justice" in the streets of the city. They do not need any part of the city - the city must carry rowing and camping boats to legal locations. <br /> <br /> The "Rescue" was the last film John Voight found to make any real representation - I hope I'm wrong. He earned very low salaries for "Midnight Cowboy" because he was not known, but he proved he could do so when a hat fell. His behavior in the "escape" was great. We have made a clear offer that ordinary people can move mountains, if necessary - but who wants to think of it as "normal" today? His choking sigh at dinner was great. Wonderful! For Bert Reynolds! One has to ask what led him to those other tacky movies? His masculinity, although misleading, has set in this film the endurance required to get it out of the wild - not only in the backyard, but in everyday life. Ned Beatty was excellent - perhaps his underwear was not "Versace", but his amazing performance was fantastic. As noted, it became stronger than any combination at the end of the film. Rooney Cox played the moral man to the fullest - every man must have his determination to do what is right. Many "users" theory shot him, or lost his balance when he entered the river - my theory is that he was very disgusted with the whole trip, Vtahr. There was no sound of gunfire in the scene, and Fawit and Pete did not find a wound. <br /> <br /> James Desie certainly knows how to weave an impressive story, and he was as wonderful as the police chief - he is said to be very terrified acting came to a drunk group every day. He could see that the three boats were guilty of surviving, but he also knew they had no chance of a jury of locals, no matter how generous they were at Einari. He was also aware that the stingy of the locals might be harsh. Justice? - "Do not come back here again." Not many "users" knew that "hillbillies" had been used in the film wherever possible - what actors could better visualize them? "The Mountain Men" were actually mountain men. <br /> <br /> All the details of this film were perfect - no doubt it was dangerous to play it. Best Fight for Your Life. I have encountered some semi-dangerous incidents, and I am satisfied to live out of the battle - you guys who feel that your manhood raging can have a role. <br /> <br /> We have killed - and still do - irreplaceable areas in this country that can not be denied. Being able to see its grandeur on any medium is pathetic, but it leaves a bitter taste to realize that some do not care about it. Los Angeles, where I live, is an ideal example: it accumulates directly in wild animal areas, and firmly believes that humans come before animals. These are their true habitats - we must let them be. Is it any wonder that wolves, bears and wolves are roaming around neighborhoods? It's their ways. <br /> <br /> In a less threatening way, we all need to experience the lessons to be learned from "salvation" - to understand our technical progress that does not lead to excellence. I thank all those protesters who went to the wild to produce this modern classic, so that it could scare me when I watch it. You get a thrill hazard - I'll stick to the TV. 30 out of 10.
