"The Rescue" is a 1972 horror / thriller about a group of four businessmen in Atlanta (Bert Reynolds, John Fawwett, Ned Petty and Ronnie Cox), taking a boat trip down the Kahulawasi River before blocking the river. Along the way, a lot of unpleasant things happen to men. In spite of the bad events in this picture, Burman captures the natural beauty of the river beautifully. The location was well chosen. In fact, it would be a great movie to watch, if the boat trip went smoothly. Lush forests and pleasant landscapes make horror even more impressive. Not only is the scenic location, but also beautifully photographed thanks to cinematographer Vilmos Zsigmond. It has been said that the performance of Bert Reynolds as a lover, Lewis, is the star acting role in this film. However, I think John Voight steals the show through his role as a suburban family member, Ed, who is forced to quickly change his behavior in order to survive. In fact, the scene where the abyss climbs was not a trick. Voit was himself. To reduce costs insurance was not insured and the actors acted stunned. The soundtrack is especially noteworthy. Eric Weisberg and Steve Mendel performing guitar and banjo as part of the Dueling Banjos series are still one of the most spectacular musical pieces in the history of cinema due to their intense performance. In two other points in the film, we deal with more soothing Banjo music that provides a very enjoyable accompaniment to the journey down the river. For all the good points in this film, I did not find it lacking purpose. . It does not build suspense very well, which is really not as terrible as we were told. The plot itself is fairly bad and does not go anywhere. However, this movie contains good enough points to get my recommendation. I loved it but for gore lovers, there is not much of it. Nothing really, in fact. It's not a horror film as much as an adventure film that spoils a little sadness. Think of it like Rambo: the first blood meets three men on a boat. Look for a very young Charlie Burman as the son of Ed. I liked this movie, soundtrack, cinema and acting earned it deservedly 7 out of 10.
