When the film hits you with an annoying and attractive atmosphere and snaps you through a stunning cinematography, you know that you've stumbled upon a great masterpiece. Although most modern films are very enjoyable, as in some other films, the films that hit you most are the strongest and most acclaimed movies that have often won the rest of your life. I say proudly that I am a fan of movies that bother, not just horror movies, but those that are sent in an ecstatic atmosphere. There are movies like Breakdown and The Missing, which send the chill down your spine, make you think that "Holy nonsense, can happen to me", and tempt you visually, there with some of my favorite sides in a movie. Because I'm only 21 years old, I did not grow up with actors like Burt Renyolds, Jon Voight and Ned Beatty, although I know them, I did not see them grow up and act as actors, unlike actors like Shia LaBouf and Justin Long. I have to say, after the long uproar and the witness of salvation for the first time, I was very impressed by these veteran actors in a film that was produced more than 30 years ago, and I still live in horror in the competition of modern films. Burt Reynolds plays Lewis, the self-appointed leader of a group of four friends on a boat trip down a phantom river before a dam fills the entire wildlife. Reynolds' personality is an experienced adventurer, a kind of nonsense, full of machines. I saw him portraying the strong man, making me think of him differently as an actor, as I saw him only as an angry old man or politician. The director's dialogue with his character gives him enough hatred to prove he is a strong and frightening leader. Rooney Cox and Ned Beatty play the role of novice adventurers, Drew and Bob respectively, joining a fun rowing trip. The actor I enjoyed watching was John Voight, and once again I saw him only as an older actor, but unlike Reynolds, I loved the Voyette representation completely (and I do not consider Anaconda when I say it), for example the National Treasure films. Ed Voight, who, like Lewis, is experienced in adventure but is seen as a more conservative character, is a reluctant champion / leader and definitely lacks Lewis' mechanisms. The film basically opens with the four leaders to a small town while asking to find a person driving his cars to the riverbed as they roam the slopes and camp on the bank of the river. You'll instantly get a creepy look from the wonderful characters we know, such as the little boy who plays the infamous "Dueling Banjo's" at the beginning of the film with the character of Rooney Cox Drew; As with all atmospheric films, since then, the characters and the public are filled with awe and confusion, and here we see the characters form and change. The next boat trip was shot, hence men fight both human odds and nature to survive. The cinema does not stop in the film, and I return to this comment with the scene where Ed is fighting a mountained rapist with a composite arch. When Ed falls in one of his arrows and notices his enemy approaches him, he cries his gun, just to shoot the ground as he falls with a arrow in his neck; it was possible to shoot the biggest piece of film I've ever seen in a movie. In conclusion, the film Deliverance is a single film, fearing atmosphere and atmosphere of temperament, and even this history, still one of the best films in the history of cinema.
