This is one of the greatest films ever made. It's the classic of all time. The character played by Ned Beatty goes through one of the greatest screen transformations ever shot. A shallow insurance vendor, is almost useless. He is proud of his ignorance, yet he judges the "destruction of the back" to be ignorant. When the old man completes his hat, the old man responds, "You know nothing", the tone is adjusted. it's the truth. He really "knows nothing". But rape one anal later, the man is practically a warrior. His brave shallow courage is done to a serious resolve. The old self died forever, left in some distant forests, and soon became under hundreds of feet of water. What about Lewis, our bold guide? Lewis is a philosopher / hunter / warrior, who is just about nuts. Bert Reynolds proved himself as an actor in 1972 in this film, giving himself completely to this wonderful role. Who does not want to have a friend like Lewis if one wants to risk the dangers of a forgotten world / soon to leave behind like the world that our unhappy travelers find. This film speaks to us on many levels. The story looks real. She works as a full adventure / adventure, with great cinematic photography, deliberate recording, and grinding. He works as a horror film, with almost a perilous danger of meeting with the evil renegades who object to "planting" Ned Betty. But it also works as a technical film, using incredible amounts of symbolism to convey the facts that lie in our essence. I have watched this film at least fifty times, and each time it appears, I find it necessary to watch it. You have to watch it several times until you begin to understand it. This is one deep film. This is a good acting film. This is one hell of a story. I gave it 10 out of 10, and put it in the top 10 movies ever, along with the list of Schindler, Casablanca, taxi driver, and Sling Blade, among other films. Movies that make you think. Movies that take you beyond thinking. Films that use STORY to illustrate their point of view, without attempting to preach them. If you think you know salvation, you may do so, but you may not know. Really good for this class.
