Delivery is an exciting film, everything is as exciting as any movie should aspire to be scary. Although it is not a horror film, it is as terrifying as any classic horror film. Thinking of being a red-blooded natural male with an adventure miles away from any form of civilization, just to be picked up and seduced by a pair of violent hills, is surely the worst nightmare of 99.9 percent of the world's population. It was easy for the rescue to slip into the land of exploitation, but John Burman cleverly avoided the temptation to walk down this road and made a film that explores, questions and challenges the very meaning of masculinity. With plenty of movies, come to heaven to get into hero shoes, perform heroic deeds, save the day and get the girl .... but with salvation, come away pray to God so you never have to experience what these four heroes are going through . <br /> <br /> Four young people in the city - Ed (John Voight), Lewis (Bert Reynolds), Drew (Rooney Cox) and Bobby (Ned Betty) - went to the wildlife to spend a few days wandering around a nearby river. The men ride down the slopes in pairs, and Ed and Bobby outperform the others so they head to the river bank and wait for their friends in the nearby forest. Here, two local forestry workers (Bill McKinney and Herbert Koward) are caught in the trap, tying Ed with a tree, while one of them strips him and rapes Bobby and directs him, in the opposite way, to "squeak as a pig." Luis Woodrow arrived in an invisible place while Luis, who was just a fair-haired rapist, was killed by the rapist while the other hills defeated the forest quickly. Under intense emotional pressure, the four rowing boats decide to hide the event and exit the area. But they find the river increasingly dangerous to negotiate as they walk downstream, and the risk to their lives increases when the remaining hills survive to capture shots with a gun from an invisible point of view on the rocky slopes of the river. <br /> <br /> The rescue is very strong as a story of survival, but it is more powerful (and worrisome) as a study of the masculine attitudes that tear it apart and leave it in a deplorable state. Although all the performances are great, one has to take into consideration Betty's efforts in the role of many representatives. The film is similar to a 1971 film by Straw Dogs - both films deal with horrific sexual violence in isolated places, and in both the ultimate violent retaliation inflicted by the victim does not lead to any satisfaction. Background The rugged countryside of Delivers is beautiful to look at, but also adds to the tension by putting the four boats in a place where they are at the mercy of hills and landscapes, with no dependence on anyone else. This really is a distorted film industry at its best.
