Deliverance tells the story of four guys making a trip to the wild forest for white water rafting and away from the big city for a while just to find That their free time will take a bad time. This is not a Hollywood movie. There are no special effects at all, the setting is very realistic, and there is nothing at all covered with sugar or beautifully made. Boys in the city like the boys in the city, and even Louis's strongman, who Bert Bain Reynolds accurately portrayed, seemed at the mercy of the wilderness on this journey. This is a perfect example of what if. What if a few friends went to the river in an area of ​​the forest that none of them knew, and ended up in a desperate attempt to avoid their trial and conviction for the murders they were forced to commit to save their lives? <br /> <br /> Clearly, there is a very strong element in the film that deals with the societal structure, class, and relationship (or lack thereof) between rural and urban populations. When the four men arrive in the woods early in the film, they obviously do not quite know how to interact with the people living there, and talk to them as if they were not sure whether they would understand or be able to communicate. This communication block is conspicuously highlighted in the accumulated bungo scene, where they try to increase the pressure of the car and truck and make someone drive the vehicles down the road for them. While Drew and the younger boy and his mental handicap on the balcony compete with the guitar and banjo (one of the best scenes in the film), Lewis has some difficulty buying gas, and Bobbie comments on genetic deficiencies and how pathetic everything is. When the boy moves away from Drew, who introduced his handshake after the huge jam session, Bobby told him to give the baby a few bucks, knowing that none of them was quite sure how to respond. <br /> <br /> This is the kind of thing we see in salvation, which causes a lot of tension to be followed. This is a wonderful scene where he enjoyed a lot of fun (including the most extreme of "backward dance" until it ended, my brother, where are you art?) With everyone not sure what to do about each other. These people are apples and oranges, and live according to completely different rules of life. The people whom Lewis, Bobby, Drew and Ed met in the hills are separated from modern society and modern laws and live according to the rules of nature, which do not include not kill. Confused by their strange behavior, the four friends set out on the river, hoping that the strangeness would end and the adventure would begin. <br /> <br /> (The spoilers) When they are briefly separated from each other and Ed and Bobby run to the hills next to the river that is rapidly turning unpleasant, and the mystery about how these people live - created by the above scene - Play a role in creating the most tension during the scene. I think the good sign for a good thriller like this is that the tragic element of the film, the assaults and actual killings, consumes very little screen time but remains part of the most memorable part of the film. There is no unwarranted violence here, everything is there for a clear purpose and it is strikingly powerful. <br /> <br /> This move revolves around a violent clash between two very different types of people, and what can happen when they inadvertently find themselves at war with each other. The journey down the river after the attack, which deals with the majority of the film, provides some amazing effective tension, and keeps you at the edge of your seat while not bombard you with a lot of falling to become rough. It's amazingly effective when we discover that Ed might have killed the wrong guy there on the slope, and even the tension in the film does not go down when the three surviving members of the team reach the bottom of the river. , Because they provide a dubious explanation to the police about what happened there on the river and why the deputy's fugitive disappeared. <br /> <br /> This is a very disturbing film, a testament to its success, because it is clear that such a film is aimed at shaking people a bit. The hills are the human version (ie more realistic) of the human retarded ones seen in childhood films but somewhat similar, such as Gator Bait and Gator Bait 2, and can not be compared to a film like Khalid Deliverance. When we follow these four men during the ominous weekend in the forest, the natural element is very real and we get to know the men well and in a subtle way that makes us like members of the audience really the fifth member of the team. It is not often that the film can reach this path.
