You can view a copy of Charles Dickens's book "Carroll Christmas" with sock dolls, and maybe watch it. Since I was a child, this was one of my favorite stories. Perhaps the idea of ​​something good in everyone, and therefore no one more than redemption, which I like, but for whatever reason I never miss the chance to see one of the many changes on the screen of this timeless classic when they are on television as it is inevitably at this time of year . <br /> <br /> What makes this version really highlights is the lousy attraction the cast brings to their roles. The lines we've heard dozens of times in the past take on a whole new intensity, and each character becomes more realistic and believable in the hands of this wonderful collection. <br /> <br /> George S. has been nominated. Amy in 1985 for this role. Thanks to the fact that instead of walking through this role that Scrooge often plays, he instead gave it a new interpretation, in my opinion, one of his best performances ever. He did not wisely try a British accent, and instead, presented his lines in this famous sound. Scrooge is not just an eccentric old man (as often portrayed), but a man who is very angry with the world. Because he is visited in turn by each of the three spirits, we understand how this anger was consolidated and grew and eventually strangled his spirit. Because he is forced to review his life, we see him withering alternately, and then we return to the stubbornness of remorse. In the great dramatic scene, when he regents, kneeling and crying on his grave, pleading for mercy as he tries to convince the third spirit of his repentance and desire to change his life, we see a man who has been completely broken and brought to his knees literally and metaphorically. Scott's Scrooge has made a very painful endorsement and humanization. <br /> <br /> Impressive because Scott's performance, the supporting cast contributes heavily to the dark beauty of this release. Fred Holliwell, nephew of Scrooge, is an excellent example of this. He is often portrayed as a friendly clown, playing here Roger Reese with emotional intensity missing from the previous pictures. When he pleads with Scrooge, "I do not ask you anything, I do not want you anything, why do not we be friends?" , See in his face not only his frustration, but also his pain in the separation Scrooge imposed by himself for himself only a neighborhood relative. It's an impressive performance, and one of the most dramatic scenes in the film. <br /> <br /> The most impressive is the performance of the great English actor Frank Finlay as the late Scrooge partner Jacob Marley. In most versions of this story, the scene with Marley tends to be a bit of a low point in the film, simply because it is difficult to portray a dead man in a convincing way, and the results are usually just silly (Oooh, see, it's a scary ghost ...... No!) ​​In this version, it is probably the most installed scene in the entire movie. The Marley entrance, where the locks on Scrooge's door fly on their own and the sound of the hustle chains around the house, is wonderfully creepy. But Finley Marley is not an ethereal spirit. It is a tortured spirit, inspiring both horror and pity. Marley may be a ghost, but his anger and remorse for a lost life in the pursuit of wealth, and his despair of realizing that his sins have now gone beyond equity, are still very human. As photographed by Fennelay, we have no problem believing that even the demented humor will be shaken by this nightmare appearance. Finlay really steals the scene here, something not easy to do when confronted with George C. Scott. <br /> <br /> This performance continues consistently, performing superbly after each other, making it look like a re-experience of this story for the first time. Edward Woodward (a reminder of the Equator?) Is alternately both exhilarating and threatening like a ghost of a Christmas present. When he delivers the famous line, "It may be in the sight of heaven that you are worthless and less livable than millions like this poor man's child" is no longer an alternative to Julie Santa Claus, but an avowed angel gives Scrooge the much needed verbal beatings. <br /> <br /> Susanna Yorke is a wonderful lady of the tongue, and David Warner brings a wonderful depth to the suffering of Bob Crashit, a long-lived man carrying triple crosses of poverty, a sick child, and an unbearable boss. His face alternately shows his cheerful courage, and, at times, his fatigue, in the face of unbearable circumstances. Later, in the scene where Scrooge appears by Ghost of Christmas after coming to the Cratchit family after the death of Tiny Tim, Warner's performance, while hardly uttering the word, will send you to tears.
