"Salvation" is a fascinatingly intense epic of a group of quite contemporary men who embark on a blasphemy journey to communicate briefly with nature, and instead have to fight for their safety, their lives and perhaps even their souls. The film has aged well. Although made in the early 1970s, it certainly does not seem particularly dated. He still has a host of crowds and prominence as a dramatic shock beyond the "60s." There are very few films with similar perceptions that can be positively compared, although the legendary Sam Beckenba's things must be there. Yes, there was a lot of debate and discussion about the most confrontational scene of the film (which I will not expand here) - certainly one of the most confrontational scenes in the history of the entire film world - but what surprises in this film is how beautiful the pain is sometimes. This seems to have been largely ignored (but in the past, it is quite understandable). The cinema that embodies the fading and brittle essence of the river is often quite spectacular, and the balance of the film, in the moment of short madness, we viewers - along with the characters themselves - sink into a never-ending nightmare. The "delivery" is poor and appropriate, and it is amazing how quickly events evolve from the point of foundation, to crisis, and beyond. All this happens very quickly, giving a very real sense of urgency to the film. Setup is created effectively through the opening credits. All characters are well drawn despite the limited time spent in the back story. We know enough of them just to let them know about the kind of guy they are, like them, and eventually fear them when everyone goes to hell. Conflict and violence in the film seem to erupt from nothingness, with a fearful lack of logic. This is the theme of the author James Dickey - that the prevailing romanticism about the inherent nature of the "good" of man can not be slaughtered and die only when his animal instincts appear barely suppressed. There are no demons or bogeymen here. The predatory hills - like the central villains of the film - are simply horribly immoral cousins ​​of our heroes. They are shocked because their evil is trivial and tangible. The movie has no peripheral characters. All of this reflects something about the weaknesses and uncertainties of the homogenous Homo sapiens of the last twentieth century, all of which are very real and recognizable. Bert Reynolds is a wonderful film, with Lewis, who was almost alive and very confident in Lewis's death, and it is a shame to think that he could not really recover his short moments of dramatic glory throughout his long-term survival (perhaps "Boogie Nights" is excluded). Trust me, if you are not a Reynolds fan, you'll be impressed with his performances here. John Voight is his usual accomplished character effortlessly, both Ned Betty and Ronnie Cox offers great contributions. This is just a great quadrant of actors. In conclusion, I have to speculate whether the author of "Delivery" will be released to James Dickey entitled "To the White Sea." For those who enjoyed this movie, TTWS is a similarly horrifying story of a US air force pilot's struggle to survive its fall on the Japanese mainland during the Second World War. It is more than the usual dreary existence and primitive brutality that is my brand, but it has all its amazing cinematic experience. There was a suggestion some years ago that the Quinn brothers might produce it, but that did not come at the end. Being an avid coen-o-phile, it is frustrating to think about what might be if they got the green light on the TTWS, rather than their relatively recent relatively unremarkable efforts. Going back to "survival," it is impossible to imagine a film of this true and exciting brutality that is being made in these times, which is very shameful. We, the film audience, are all poorer in this.
