This story is listed and re-listed, and is still listed in every way imaginable. Charles Dicken's timeless story has been recreated in every possible way you imagine. I admit I have not seen the classic version of Alistair Sim, and I'm sure one day, but I'll be on alert even if I'm talking about this amazing 80s edition. I think if Dickens himself made his story for the film, that would be the story. <br /> <br /> The story is well known, and I will not go into much detail because everyone saw it one way or another. The specter of his former partner visits a rich, suffocating, moderate and cautious man of his ways. In order to correct him, he is visited by three souls, each of whom has a different view of his or her life and of those who participate in it, past, present and future. Finally, when all this is realized by him, he realizes the error of his ways greatly and tries to take revenge for all his mistakes. <br /> <br /> George S. Scott is perfectly perfect and no doubt in this role. He plays the role of Ebeneezer Scrooge and makes him special and creates an amazing personality. He is not just an average old man, but someone who has been influenced by certain situations in his life has made him feel bitterness and anger from the world. There is empathy within him but he carries him under anything else and participates in himself. Scott offers a perfect role when it comes to Scrooge. <br /> <br /> Not only does the lead role make this movie but everything else fits into place. This is a great Victorian-style epic in England, where Dickens England was rebuilt before our eyes, our sights and sounds, and you can feel the breeze in your face and the smell of the market. Director Clive Donner recreates this scene brilliantly and leaves nothing to the imagination. I was able to watch this film to mute and amaze the landscape. It is not a wonderful sight in itself but it is true. The movie takes us from the high-class traders market to dig extremely tragic poverty and everything in between. <br /> <br /> The rest of the actors cast their roles and give their literary counterparts life. Bob Kratchet, played by David Warner and his whole family, including Anthony Walters' little boy Tin, was fantastic. Each of the ghosts had their own distinctive personality and added to the dark mood of the story. Carol Christmas is not a light story. Dickens wrote this story for a dark period in the life of England, one of the few Christmas tales that was really dark, almost frightening, and must be frightening in order to intimidate a man he had been desperate for many years to turn around. The dark sensation of the story is filmed in this film, which is absolutely frightening, but the end lifts your spirits and picks up Christmas miracles. The result of this film is also something to be mentioned because it is epic and luxurious and beautiful to listen to whether the actual result or Christmas music, everything fits everyone. Christmas films are obviously my favorite because I insisted everyone see this Carol Christmas first of all. 10/10
