Mary: You're seamless. Dan: No, I'm not smooth. I'm Dan. <br /> <br /> If you are something gay, do not agree with others. You see someone you love, rare enough, and want to say something but you do not do. Or maybe you say something, but it ends up being the least intelligent thing you've ever said in your life. Often, not staring out of the distance and admiring without having to deal with what most people agree is the only way to get anywhere in life? Danger. You can not blame a man for being a bit afraid. He may have been badly burned by or perhaps trying to concentrate all his energy on his career. There are reasons, some true, some incorrect, all of which can be interpreted as excuses and not a reason. Tell yourself that you do not need it or that it's not the right time for you but you still want it to happen. In any way you can break it, this is not easy. Sounds familiar? If you think yes a little, the DAN IN REAL LIFE, a new comedy by director Peter Hedges, is a must. It will reach you inside and can somehow break your heart and warm it up at once. <br /> <br /> Dan of the title is Dan Burns (Steve Carell), a famous columnist who is impressed by his vision of living a balanced life, fulfilling and raising moral morale. Four years ago or so, before the film began to appear on Dan, he woke up to his day, he lost his wife and love his life. After this tragedy, Dan was left to raise their three daughters alone. Between that and the focus on his career, did not find love again one of Dan's priorities. Thus becoming more functional than feeling. After being removed from the power of intimacy, Dan no longer knew what it meant to be too close to someone and surrendered to not knowing it again. That is, until Mary meets (Juliet Binoche) in a book and a shop in Connecticut in a quiet morning. The interaction is interactive and comfortable and they hunt each other unintentionally. There is only one problem really. She already sees someone. Unfortunately for all concerned, that someone is Dan's brother, Mitch (Dane Cook). His entire family came to their parents' home on their annual visit and Dan now has to spend the weekend longing for the legendary feeling he felt with Mary that morning. It took only an hour or so, but it took a long time to wake Dan's heart from his coma. <br /> <br /> With a large number of family members to deal with (Jack Mahoney, Diane and Everest on top), DAN in real life drifts away from the larger purpose from time to time. While hurricane children, parents, aunts, grandparents and uncles make difficult times for Dan, Hedges also uses it unnecessarily as a distraction, assuming he will eventually produce a more complete film. Fortunately, Hedges got on Carell to bear the heavy burden. It's a pleasure to see Steve Karel himself more and more with every image he makes (despite the wrong size of EVAN ALMIGHTY). He is an attractive, charming person and obviously a sharp comic. As Dan, is also self-deprecating, embarrassed and afraid. Karel is a rare comedian who pushes himself to find a character in his roles rather than relying solely on his comic instincts and established personality. Perhaps most importantly, it is completely relatable as Dan. Whether he is floundering in the crib in the laundry room where he is exposed to sleep as the only one person in this reunion or restlessness around the kitchen, unable to stand his concern, Dan is everyone not sure. Same and lonely hair in the crowd. Karel Dan gives so much heart that he becomes the heart of the film itself at the same time. <br /> <br /> I wondered after watching the movie that I enjoyed it a lot like I did, despite the minor shortcomings in it (Juliette Pinochet?) I know you may want to relax from time to time, but I do not recommend it unless you are there Chocolate), because of my place in my life. Does someone else find that someone derives much meaning and comfort from this film? I can not say what I can say, as someone who knows what it means to be alone, knows DAN IN REAL LIFE what it means to be surprised by life and love and how these moments and people need to be appreciated and cherished. It is also known that anyone may feel lonely on any given day or for several months each time needing to recall that the surprises are still happening.
