Fantastic garbage and exploit 80 humble, wondrous hoot! The sequence of pre-credits gives a false impression that we are dealing with a serious and exhausting drama, but there is no need to fear because we are barely ten minutes from the time we face our necks in the endless battles of chainsaw, fierce fist battles, obscene dialogues and undue ransom! Bo and Ingrid are twin brothers with an unusually close and even slightly perverted relationship. Can you imagine a funny smash on the towel that covers your naked sister's body and then stare at your unmarried genitalia for several minutes? Well, Bo do it for his sister, and based on her laugh Madbalij, they do not mind at all. Patient, friend! In any case, while fleeing from Russia with their parents, but the wicked soldiers brutally slaughtered the mother and father. But a friendly smuggler detained them and even trained and trained Bo and Ingrid on expert smugglers. When the actual plot begins, twenty years later, it faces its ultimate quest because the legendary and incredibly precious white diamonds are present in the mine. Very few things in life have never been as simple as the schematic structure and narrative of the "white fire", but it is certainly very enjoyable. Most often you have no idea about the beatings of or for any reason (and bet that the actors understood less) but whatever! The violence is terrific and every conspirator is an interestingly backward plot. The script goes completely bonkers beyond fix when suddenly? I will not reveal for any reason? Bo needs an alternative to Ingrid, and Fred Williamson enters the site with a big cigar in his mouth and pale black fingers all over the local prostitutes. The main opponent of Bo is an Italian chick with two big breasts but an abhorrent tone, a hateful but attractive song that plays at least ten times throughout the film, and there is a mandatory montage "We fall in love" and lots of other photos of attractions! Oh my God, what a wonderful experience. The original French title translates itself as "a life to survive", which is uniquely suited to it as logical as the rest of the film: Nothing!
