What can you say about White Fire. amazing? Wonderful? Disturbance? kidding? These words are not big enough to describe an event that is a white fire. From the beginning to the deep end, this film will end all the time. <br /> <br /> Our film begins in a country's jungle somewhere in the world. A family hiding from unmarked soldiers in the fashion shop. When the father separates from the mother and their daughter, you get a real sense of the type of film you are about to watch. The father makes sure the hills are rolling in all his white clothes, and he is courteous because he attracts the attention of people before they are shot, but unfortunately, my father is burned alive in what seems like a very unsafe and unsafe trick. Meanwhile, my mother and her children rush to the beach with an armed soldier behind them about 5 feet. He also issued a stern warning before taking action in the form of a strange "Halt", and then lost the mother immediately. This sequence of motion is a happy childhood for our heroes Bo and Ingred. <br /> <br /> So, now we are progressing fast about 20 years (30 if you are honest about the age of the heroes) to beautiful Turkey, where Bo and I have stabilized the Ingrid as professional thieves or diamond diggers or something like that. Ingrid works in a diamond mine where she helps herself with goods, while Bo (played by Robert Genetti brilliantly) walks around the desert in his denim clothes. Bo and Ingrid have an interesting relationship. They do not seem to have any friends other than each other, and spend all their time together. Besides the fact that Bo has expressed his desire to sleep with his sister as illustrated in lines such as "You know it is a shame that you are my sister" telling her while she is completely naked, make a very dynamic binary. Bo is then crushed when Ingrid is killed, wandering around the shores of Turkey with a melancholy pink scarf. Hope renews when Bo stumbles on a girl like Ingrid, and performs a facelift to make her look exactly like Ingrid. This opens the door for Bo to have sex with his sister without being technically wrong. Bo is a real admirer of the moral gray areas, and is delighted with his new love. <br /> <br /> In any case, there are lots of interesting motion scenes, ridiculous violence, fantastic behavior, and impossible to follow the lines of the unique conspiracy "Hammer" Williamson (for some reason), a large piece of dirty ice that is supposed to be Massa Giant (explodes later). All these things are wonderful, but the relationship of Bo and Ingrid is what makes this film special .... really remarkable. So I warmly encourage everyone to be His Majesty the White Fire. You may be happy because you did .. or not.
