The government that fought for its establishment to recognize his loyalty through a promised retirement pension. Ripstein's lyrical work is a sweet poem to all those who suffer, like the colonel, from the abuse of a cynical and hardened society that strengthens itself by depriving its citizens of their livelihoods with dignity and purpose. Contrary to the futility of waiting for GODOT, the Colonel's waiting for his pension gives hope and importance to his miserable life. Two things in the film lead the brilliantly played colonel Fernando Logan; the hope that he will someday get his military pension and know that his son Agustin has died for a noble cause and a reason other than the brawling brawl in cockfighting. Because of his inability to recognize the first, and to force him to prove to the world himself, the colonel does the only thing he can do, as he began training his son to fight. The cock is now the warrior who can bring wealth and justice to the colonel and his asthmatic wife, but his fight is the killer of his former owner Augustine. In a tense scene of confrontation between Col. and Nogales, his son's assassin, Colonel is presented by Nogales, a paid government agent, enough money to equalize the full Colonel's pension. But, this is blood money. Funds designed to conceal the fact that those in power turned their backs on those who fought for political ideals, and to hide the world that the son of the colonel had been assassinated because he wrote for a secret newspaper that supported labor rights. Unions and ordinary men. With the utmost dignity, the Colonel refuses to show Nogales, picks up the fighting cock and walks away as his old legs can carry him. Once home, Dona Lula, his charred wife, wants to know why the colonel refused money when they both starved. In response to her ongoing question, "What will we eat until November (when the cockroach season begins)", Colonel "Cheet" responds. Feces are what the poor and deprived have been eating for the rest of their lives. Feces are a meal the colonel willingly chooses to eat with dignity, knowing that he can not sell his soul to those who persecute him. The Colonel is expected as the only man of honor and courage in a world without principles.
