After devouring myself on a variety of immature movies purchased on DVD's for the previous lease, I figured it was time for a little serious drama and would be better served by Sam Mendez? For reasons, "American Beauty" does not appeal to me as much as this film, which is easily the darkest thing Tom Hanks ever did, and is probably one of the most bland films of the last decade. This is not a simple gang tale inspired by the origins of her graphic novel, which is simply wonderful to see because of it. In spite of my usual sensitivity to any Tom Hanks movie (I still can not watch "Big" without wanting to kick a cat), I'm glad I tried it because it's one of those movies that will spoil yourself if you miss it. <br /> <br /> Normally, the warm, clean Hanks plays the role of Michael Sullivan, a loyal family man and father of two children who grew up during the ban in the early 1930s. He is also a professional man in the lead of the mob team John Rooney (Paul Newman) but managed to keep his job secret from his sons. But after seeing the biggest of them (Tyler Hutchinson) his father involved in the killing of the mob, the couple have to flee as John seeks to arrange it. The father and son are soon followed to Chicago where their successful colleague (Jewish man Jude Law) awaits them. <br /> <br /> On the face, it reads like a lovely movie bands but I've said, this is not really about gangsters at all. It is about the relationship between the father and the son who is thrown in the most tragic circumstances. Hanks is as wonderful as a tormented man who discovers that everything has its price, and little Huischeln is also useful to Son Sullivan. Honestly, there is no single performance I can describe as weaker than others - the cast is not making a big mistake. As in the cinema and fashion (and not often praise the fashion!) That re-create the 1930s with a stunning effect. There was a lot of effort to get everything right and pay off in the spades. It could have seemed nonsense - they admit that it was hard to look at the beginning of the 1930s - but it is not and deserves all the credit. Chicago looks particularly impressive, lined with hundreds of decaying cars of the age and full of people in monochromatic suits and hats. Travel in real time, even if a little CGI is needed. <br /> <br /> The story is also a winner, offering a human face to what is often seen as a kind of stereotype of the villain. The law is dramatically threatened as a Maguire mechanical killer and proves that you do not have to be Kani or De Nero or Brando to play Gangster. The film is undoubtedly a lighthouse, where rain and unoccupied warehouses prevail, but at least violence and murder see (finally) that they have an emotional and psychological impact on the perpetrators and those who only watch these works. Everything is ridiculous from an earlier era and the previous films but it sweeps the old and refreshed with a modern story of redemption amidst the Tommy-Gun corrections and extortion rackets. You can feel very slowly in places, especially if you are familiar with a fireworks audience in films like most modern audiences (just like you), but sometimes, words can speak louder than business. Mendes made a good follow-up for his Oscar-winning debut, a film as clever as it is beautiful to watch. "Road To Perdition" may not be for everyone's taste, but this is a single DVD, and I will not exchange it anytime soon.
