After I was taken out of the house to the theater because of the intense heat, I was not happier. The Road to Hell, directed by Sam Mendes (American Beauty), is supposed to be one of the greatest films of all time. Maybe I'm getting older; maybe I've just seen the same recycled threads over and over again. But this film is really different. <br /> <br /> The story begins with the appearance of the young Michael Sullivan Jr. in front of the sea, contemplating the dual legacy of his father - one of the best men ever living, one of the most evil. This duality makes its way through the film. The story revolves around the head of the crime, John Rooney (Paul Newman) and Michael Sullivan (Tom Hanks), the young man who once took over as the "Angel of Death". Rooney is linked to his son's blood, but is linked to love and loyalty to Michael. Young Michael Jr., fascinated by stories he reads, steals his father's car one night while my father goes to "work" with Connor Rooney, heir to the business family. Connor makes the situation out of control, and what was meant is just a warning turned into a murder - seen by Michael Jr.. When it is discovered that the young Michael has seen what he should not have seen, the plot is under way and conflicting loyalties collide. Soon, Michael Sr. will remain. Running away with his young son, followed by Harlen "The Reporter" Maguire (Jude Law). <br /> <br /> I will not disclose any further details to avoid potential spoilers. . However, I strongly encourage viewers to examine the many diodes that appear in the film: the problems between children and parents (Michael Sr & Jr., John Rooney & Son Connor), the world at home and the world at work, between good and evil, They pretend that they are the men of God and those who are truly, between the money "clean" and "dirty", between the city of hell and destruction as hell. Along the way, he tasted the visual intelligence of the film photographer Conrad L. (9 nominations, two Oscars for Best Cinematography): Rain that pours Fedora, shoots through mirrors (especially at swinging doors), the gun flashes from outside the shadow, absent from any sound. Hall, 75, did not give us the best film producer in his career, but Paul Newman, 77, offers one of his best performances ever. <br /> <br /> Yes ... Stay old but I've seen a lot ... This is new and invigorating. The Road to Perdition offers a permanent, gangster-like tribute, the 1940s, dark comic book numbers that lie in the dark, bad guys and heroes, and American movies in general. Go see it!
