I thought Sam Mendes was the first film of its kind, and American Beauty, the preacher of a great film, waited until he saw his second most anticipated effort, the band's thirty-year-old band Melodrama. Some critics have hailed this new film as a new successor to Goodfether, a reckless judgment made by many critics who enjoy the extraordinary professionalism of Mr. Mendes. If filmmaking makes the picture great, then yes, ROAD TO PERDITION is a distant cousin to GODFATHER in terms of cinematography, editing, music and sound recording. Unless he has an echo that all the great stories and some very rare films have to stay with the viewer after a long time of reading experience or watching it is over. As with American beauty, there is a cool feeling, far from this film, despite some very tense scenes involving father's love, allegiance and betrayal. <br /> <br /> This is the story of a successful man (Tom Hanks) and his relationship to an alternate father, also his boss, an aging Irish gang leader (Paul Newman), who appears to have been executed from countless gang films past years. The image of the father / son hanging above this image is too heavy to deal with so there is little room for spontaneity; the whole project was created very carefully and almost every dialog box is presented with a very important atmosphere: Blood, but the film is devoid of any humor to speak. Only in the scenes involving a young boy driving a smuggler in a badly modified montage is there no sense of joy to ease the prevailing sense of death. <br /> <br /> Even so, I have nothing but praise. The stunning appearance of this film; in fact, it is not an exaggeration to say that this is one of the most photographed movies and its designs are absolutely beautiful. Conrad Hall is likely to win another Oscar for his work here. Production sets and costumes are just like; in fact, the entire film is a technical marvel. Mr. Mendes continues to be astonished by his sharp use of color, and he and Mr. Hall again use dramatic red blood scattered on light-colored walls, all more effective and disturbing because of the multitude of black, blues and gray that dominated the film's color scheme. <br /> <br /> If you fail to make a proper representation, it is not because the actors do not claim themselves brilliantly; everyone in the film is top notch, with a special reference to two wicked villains: Daniel Craig is "the man you love to be Dislike "the classic, spoiled and prodigal son of the gangster's father in Newman. Judd's almost indistinguishable act as a particularly heavy criminal follows the prosecution of Hanks, his son and very important characters in the second half of the film. But by acting in a film, this back seat must take the back seat of the photographic fireworks shown here. If Rolls-Royce is a movie, it will look like it's on the way.
