This 1984 version of the classic film "A Christmas Carol" by Clive Donner, starring George C. Scott in the role of Ebenezer Scrooge. By this time, the challenge for the director was to take these familiar materials and make them look new and new. Fortunately, to say, with this film, Donner has not only faced the challenge but exceeded any expectations anyone might have. He tells the story accurately and is detailed in detail, drawing presentations from his representatives no less than being outstanding, especially Scott. One could argue that the final portrayal of Scrooge - one of the best known characters in literary fiction, ever - was created by Alastair Sim in 1951; but I think with his performance here, Scott has made that distinction now. There is a degree of purity and honesty in Scrooge, so it becomes so hard to think of anyone else in the role once you see Scott do it; simply, he is a miser. It is a tribute to a talented representative; to be able to take such a well-known character and make it particularly unique is a very miracle. It is a great pleasure to see a representative who represents his business well, so that he is able to make a very real personality, from every word he utters to the most precise expression of his face, and makes it all real. It is a study of perfection. <br /> <br /> The other members of the team are also wonderful, but again they must be in order to maintain the integrity of Scott's performance; and they do. Frank Finley is the ghost of Jacob Marley. The turn is notable, although it is unforgettable, as happened with Alec Guinness (like Marley) in the movie "Scrooge". Angela Plessens is a welcome scene like the spirit of the past at Christmas. Edward Woodward, big and noisy, and entirely convinced by the spirit of the present of Christmas; and Michael Carter, gloomy and threatening as the spirit of Christmas is yet to come. <br /> <br /> David Warner achieved the right mark through Bob Krisht, making him an honest in-class role set by Scott Scrooge, Susannah York Knight as well as Mrs. Cratchit. A real gem to be found here, though, is the performance of the young Anthony Walters as Tiny Tim; it is the core without becoming reckless, and simply one of the best - and most realistic - explanations is ever presented in the film. <br /> <br /> Outstanding supporting actors include Roger Reese (Fred Holywell, as well as the film's narrator), Caroline Langrich (Janet Holliwell), Lucy Gottridge (Billy), Michael Goff (Mr Paul) and Joan Willie (fan). In a flawless presentation, this edition of A Christmas Carol sets the standard for all others; no matter how many versions you might see, viewing this version is like seeing it for the first time ever. And forever after that, when you think of Scrooge, the picture you will conjure up is the image of George C. Scott. A completely enjoyable and satisfying experience, this film requires a place in the annual schedule of holiday celebrations in each home. I rate this one 10/10.
