Wow ... I mean WOW This must be one of the best stories I have had the opportunity to read / watch. We all know this famous story. Two military artists, a man and his son, go for training in the forbidden damned springs, while ignoring their warnings that they fall in the spring of each. My father, Jinma, the submerged panda spring. 16-year-old Ranma, the sunken girl's spring. Now with every splash of cold water, they turn into being described by the springs where they landed. Are they crazy so far? No, this is just the beginning. As if one of the most powerful teenagers ever turned into a female was not enough, Ranma has to deal with mad martial arts teachers and hundreds of crazy arts techniques, the crazy high school principle, right and left opponents who have the result to settle with Ranma withering for chaos Their lives are somehow early or about "stealling" their loved ones. And talked about loved ones, I lost the number of times a boy or girl fell in love with Ranma. Not once was his fiancée, Akani. This is only the first few episodes / episodes of the series. <br /> <br /> The story itself is amazing. I have never encountered anything very crazy, so strange, so ... so ... from this world and yet to earth and certified ... I can not even describe it to the fullest. It's just a charming story and this is very easy to get to. What I like about it is humor. I have never laughed this loud from a manga, and it is not necessary to experience any of the stunts you might encounter in a Simpson game or something like that. I can read any part of the comic, and I'll laugh from start to finish. Another thing is the characters. Ranma, you think making it too strong would be a setback but no problem ... with every little problem he gets the story he is doing his best just to survive half the time and his character is a foolish little boy who seems but when the worst comes to the worst, he can He is a genius. To think, among the hundreds of perverts in the show, Ranma, who hates the idea of ​​all the perverts, is seen by everyone in his city, and even more so by my being, the worst of all. His father, Genma, do you think the father's personality will merge into the right background? Scream! But whenever he has some lights ... he gives you more reasons to hate him but at the same time loves him! Do you think you know my father's worst anime ever? You did not meet Genma. Ryoga, probably one of my greatest rivals, Ranma and my favorite character (next to Ranma) ... Perhaps he was one of the only people who could do it. Probably the most powerful character in the series but has two disadvantages, one is his curse that turns him into a pig but the worst mistake ... is his lack of direction! Then we have ... you know, I can spend hours on the computer to explain all the characters, the story, and everything positive about it, but that would be meaningless. <br /> <br /> Check out the series if you haven t, now! you will not regret it! Although I would recommend checking out the comic first. I liked the animation, but I ran into some problems getting the serial at a good price. The netbook is small, humor does not seem to translate into anime as well as manga. I think partly because the comic seems more solid to me. But in both cases, his victory! 10 out of 10!
