Admittedly, I first picked up Ranma 1/2 when I was about twelve. I was in the library and looked desperate for something good to read. After that, I went to the comic / manga section and saw this book. In the first few of my reading classes I did not really know what was going on, but I knew I loved it. I even took the house for a few more readings. Frankly, I did not get anywhere. Then, about five months (now 16), my friend was watching some anime movies and I remembered this manga. I could not remember what he was called, but I remembered that the author was Romiko Takahashi, the creator of Inoue Yasha. I have Google so, and then I made an urgent decision to watch all 161. I was initially impressed by the drawings of 1990, but it did not matter in the end. Never made me laugh hard and rewind, watching again. I once watched 45 consecutive episodes within a day. I do not know how I did it ... but I could not stop. In the end, after about two days, I became obsessed. I even dreamed - as it seems crazy - about watching Ranma. I did not find the series very enjoyable, very funny and very fun to watch. To this day, 161 episodes are not enough to please me. Of course the end of the cliffhanger was enough to make me go for the fight, but the series alone was enough to make me keep reading. <br /> <br /> Ranma 1/2 revolves around a boy named Ranma Soutumi and his father Jinma Soutumi. Intensive martial artists. They are so intense that they went to the old training grounds in China and became "cursed." The land was full of different pools of springs, and if you landed in one, you took the form of everything that sank there when it was flooded by cold water. For Genma, it was PANDA, and for RANMA it was ... girl! It's a very fun love story. Moreover, Genma is his friend that Ranma will marry one of his daughters to keep Tendo dojo alive. "Of course the person who hugs with him hates his feelings and mutual feelings ... They obviously start to admire each other, but in both cases they mean to admit it ... But Genma has a history of doing so. It's a good sense of humor, intimate and amazing.
