First of all, Edison Chen did a great job and was certified as a Cambodian striker, born and raised in dumps and a happy ring, where he honed the craft of his brutal battery to survive and live on the mantra of murder or murder. In a role he did not have a little dialogue, or at least a few lines in Cambodian / Thai, his performance is convincing and probably should have been in the jet Jet Li, Danny The Dog, where a man is raised for the sole purpose of fighting, Someone else. <br /> <br /> Like Danny The Dog, the much-talked-about nude sequel drawings are not designed in artistic style, but are designed as wild natural images, where everything goes. This may be a sense of realism and stupidity when you see characters hurling them at each other's throats, defending their lives while taking them away from others. It is a bleak, brave and dark film, literally and figuratively, which distinguishes it from the usual escape from the production of the thriller thriller. <br /> <br /> Edison plays a rented gun from Cambodia, who becomes a fugitive in Hong Kong, to escape from the police as he was a pickup with turns. The chase is led by the team headed by Cheong Siu Fei, who has to deal with dissident member Inspector T (Sam Lee), who was to include him in the team in connection with the sins of his father. So the cat and mouse game begins in the dark shadows and shadows of the first-shaped side of Hong Kong. <br /> <br /> The same story works at multiple levels, especially in studies of successful man figures, and cop. On both sides of the law, we do not see within each figure the black and white color, but shades of gray. With the successful man, we see his interested side as he engages and develops the love feelings of a girl (Pei Pei), leading to a sense of maturity, tenderness and the discovery of a heart of gold. The policeman, who has dubious tactics and attitudes, makes you wonder how one can pack when he is ready to do anything he needs to accomplish the task. There are many interesting moments of moral questioning about how to adopt anti-hero strategies. You ask, what makes a man, what makes a monster, and whether we have a tendency to change sides according to circumstances - do we have that dark inner chain in us all, and we turn from man to dog, dog to dog. a man? Dog Bite Dog Dog is a dog from the start and you are not allowed to go to the end, although there are midway points that seem to last, especially in moments of tenderness, and you have also suffered from not knowing when to finish. If you choose a favorite scene, the scene at the food center in the market - well controlled and presented - should be a momentous feature in your seat. Listen to the musical result as well, and do not dream if you hear the roar of dogs. <br /> <br /> It is highly recommended, especially if you think you have seen almost everything of this kind of police thriller.
