As I understand it, after the Chinese take to Hong Kong, the notorious cat. 3 Hong Kong type films of HID. At least until now, what a wonderful movie this one is. I knew it was a cruel crime drama, but I was the first cat. 3 I bought what I had recently made, and I was not sure what I expected. <br /> <br /> A Cambodian hit man goes to Hong Kong to blow up the judge's wife, who is also a lawyer. It turned out that the judge had made arrangements for the successful man, because she was firing the judge and threatened to take all his money. All this is known within the first ten minutes, so nothing is abandoned. After the strike, police officers identified the officer very quickly, but in an attempt to arrest him, many police officers and civilians were killed. He ran away from the police and now the race began to catch the man, before he fled to Cambodia. It's a movie that never stops and barely gives the viewer a chance to catch his breath. Yes, it is very violent and intense, where many policemen are killed, proving to be extremely difficult to track down, and landing when locating. Along the way, a successful man finds an attempt to hide in a landfill, women being raped and abused by some men. He helps her and saves her from the man, and she convinces the successful man to take her with him in his escape. I liked this movie, it's like a roller coaster that keeps moving and moving at high speed, leading one incident to another, and sometimes the police are as bad or bad as a successful man. The representation is very good, photographing location and photography in a timely and breathtaking. There are no calls in this movie, nor even with a very amazing ending. The end is largely unbelievable, as well as an appropriate end to all acts and violence. Yes, violence is sometimes brutal, but this is a senseless crime drama, which will stop your hurt. Dog Eat Dog definitely needs a more widespread version, including the R1 version certainly. Fantastic movie, highly recommended.
