Although I am far from my expectations, I was greatly influenced by Dog Bite Dog. I hired it so I do not know much about it, but I expected it to be a martial arts film / movement in Hong Kong's usual traffic tradition, and I admire it. I ended up getting something completely different, which is not bad at all. Although the film can be classified as such, there are certainly some good actions and delivery of combat scenes in the film, it certainly is not the primary focus. His characters are more important to the film than his battles, which is unusual in many motion pictures in Hong Kong. <br /> <br /> I was really surprised by the complexity of characters and personal relationships in the film. Become a leading character, played by Edison Chen (who is really very good), more endlessly complicated by the end of the film than I thought it would be after watching the first 30 minutes. Police figures also challenged my expectations accurately. In fact, the stark and honest picture of the dark rare police force was rarely my favorite in the film. I do not know that I say that Dog Bite Dog spoils the stereotypes of the bad cop and the criminal, but he certainly distorts them in ways that do not often appear in the film (unfortunately). Many films, especially motion pictures in Hong Kong that I find, portray the police in a very ignorant ideal. This is one of the least favorite things about this genre. I was pleasantly surprised to see that Dog Dog Dog actually had some very unique and courageous ideas about the police force. There are scenes of negotiation in this film I have not seen before, and I doubt I will see it again, and I am sure I will remember it for a long time. Criminal characters are also presented from an interesting perspective. There are some documentaries in the Cambodian boys' 10-year-old to fight each other to death with their bare hands, which she thought was one of the most powerful moments of the film. He says a lot about why these people are what they are, rather than simply condemning them. The relationship between the character of Chen and the girl he met in the unwanted yard reveals much about his character. He did not even enter this element in the film, I have already begun to see the film as an emotional experience rather than merely a sensual experience. There's something about most of the relationships on the screen not up to some extent for me, but for some reason I did this already. The actress does a great job with this role that I think is not easy to play. <br /> <br /> The Dog Bite Dog also features some great cinematic works, although unfortunately they are uneven. There were some moments where I found them striking, especially in the latter part of the film, but there was also a great deal of camera work that was fine. Another minor problem I had with speed, which I also felt was uneven. I found lots of "boat search" scenes a bit odd, although they pick up quickly afterwards. Motion scenes are short and not very abundant, but they are really powerful and moving, especially in the end. Combat choreography frankly is not impressive for the most part, although its balance is strong and somewhat realistic, but real power is the emotional content behind the battles. The last scene, though not a marvel in martial arts or choreography, is one of the most powerful final battles I've ever seen, and I've seen a few martial arts movies. <br /> <br /> I assume the biggest deciding factor about whether or not one will get a lot of Dog Bite Dog is whether you can communicate with characters or not. All of them are definitely the most flawed characters that are likely to be seen by a person in a movie of any kind, but there was something human about them all I could not help but attract and really feel, especially Chen Chen. I would like to say that I doubt that most people will like the film as I liked it simply because I imagine that most people will not like or care about personalities the same way, but I still strongly recommend it. It's a really moving and moving film if you give it a chance.
