I have to be straight - I have not seen a strong movie like DOG BITE DOG for a long time. I'm a fan of CATIII movies that go back to the Old School from the late 1980s to the mid-1990s, and I heard that the "style" of movies was to some extent movies like this, and I was not seen by GONG TAU ... ), So I was very interested in giving some new CATIII movies a wave. Does this film live up to my expectations? Certainly - but not exactly as I imagined it. <br /> <br /> The story is followed by a lively and resourceful Thai young man who can almost be stopped and has a somewhat mysterious history that comes to Hong Kong to complete a "mission". Because of some bad luck, it is quickly recognized by a stark copy (which exudes many of the same qualities as our beating), and is quickly captured and captured. This situation does not last long, as the unidentified murderer escapes from his kidnappers and quickly shows the local police that he should not be taken lightly. The chase is ongoing, followed by the cat and mouse game between the police and the "mad dog" (as the police point out). Along the way, Mad Dog's friendship is made by a young woman with slow intelligence, and the bond between them is formed when she helps him out of a difficult position. The bet continues to grow because Mad Dog's only goal is to get out of Hong Kong and return to Thailand by any means necessary, and the police continue to try to throw him alive ... <br /> <br /> Maybe I can write ten paragraphs about this movie Complex and comprehensive classes, but I do not want to give too much. I watched DOG BITE DOG I do not know anything about the premise, I think it's the type of film that is sure to be better appreciated this way. For older CATIII film comparisons ... there are some similarities. DOG BITE At DOG some very violent moments remind us of "good ol days", but they are not as shaky or dark as old school classes like UNTOLD or RED TO KILL. The main purpose of many old CATIII films was "Shock" - DOG BITE DOG is a well thought out and well-studied production (although this is not to take anything away from these CATIII films I carry so much ...). This film is more "emotional" than it is exploitative, and as we learn more about the characters and their backgrounds, the audience begins to connect and recognize the two sides. In fact, there are no good guys "good" and "bad", where Mad Dog shows moments of intense sympathy, and the police go to very unconventional ways to try to get the killer out. There is also no nudity / sex in this film, which is a typical feature of older CATIII movies. Personally, I would like to compare DOG BITE DOG more with Park's Symphathy for MR. Revenge or perhaps the danger of brother Pang BANGKOK DANGEROUS, where both films mix very emotional tones with intense violence unshakeable. Again - there is nothing I did not like about this film. The acting is finished, the film is sharp and well executed, and the whole film skillfully blends many different elements successfully in a way you do not see very much. Is this movie (and other like it ...) is a "new birth" of the CATIII film - not exactly - but it's a very powerful film worth watching ... 9/10
