These people who know Asian cinema as a whole know that Japan is famous, or notorious, because it is a very violent film, and Korea is now gaining a reputation for evil vicious films. Dog Bites Dog, although it does not necessarily get intense violence like the craziest movie Miike, nor is it as brutal as the most ambitious Koreans', but it is ideal with its trademark of brutality, everything in it. The greatest force of this film, like the greatest Japanese or Korean effort, is that brutality, rather than detracting from the film, is actually developing characters, if not pushing the story forward. The two main characters are incredibly evil individuals who have their own motivations and emotional support for being so. Sam's character Lee, for example, was on the edge of the abyss from the beginning and slowly and certainly, in the midst of various encounters with Chang's personality, the reason for his existence was revealed. Without spoiling this part of the story too much, it involves the morally ambiguous nature of his father. The personality of Chang, on the other hand, has its most primitive instincts of charisma, if not perfect, with brutal efficiency. Surprisingly, the arc of Chang's story, although it does not necessarily reveal a more human aspect, actually reveals an aspect of our animal nature that many forget. You are the natural ability to recognize a broken companion animal (nor am I talking about Sam Lee, Garbage dump girl). In the end, for the first 80 minutes or so, it's a fairly straight mouse film or more, or dog dog hunt, in which each encounter ends with at least one death (seriously, once Sam Sam and Chang Square are off, someone will die ) The fun part of the film is that you never know who will take action. Which leads us to the weakness of the film. It is unreasonable to go into it would be another spoiler, but, quite simply, it is guilty of pushing one of the main points in the film because, instead, leaving the point as it is in the 80 minutes of the film, the film goes for another 20 minutes or so For further confirmation. Make no mistake if they are moved better than the 80-minute mark to its peak and if the final film is not filled with sweet music (in fact, if, like most of the film, keep the music to a minimum and let the annoying sound effects function) It can succeed and does not detract from the film. As it is, despite the third most deadly act of confrontation, the way it was handled made it seem like it was being dealt with, and it almost insulted viewers' intelligence because it felt it had to go so far to reach it. However, air still spills out of Hong Kong's cinema, even the most bloody martial arts films never reach the level of brutality and savagery while keeping the arcs of characters in tact.
