Wonderful. If you think the movie can not be strained in a way, you do not see Dog Bite Dog. This film does not pull any punches, and is not ashamed to display very disturbing images at all. Much like Salo, illustrates this abstraction of the human soul. It is a dark, gloomy, depressing and desperate film, but it is also one of the best films released from Hong Kong. <br /> <br /> The text is more than the same, but do not keep thinking about it as an incredibly clichéhead. It basically revolves around a troubling investigator and obsession in the cat and mouse game, against a professional and unemotional man. While the script offers nothing new on the surface, it offers a lot of questions about the dark side of humanity. Is violence really necessary? Are we becoming more or less human when we attack a 5-year-old without pity and without remorse? In contrast, we humans do not act at least from rabid dogs when the anger is yes, this is a sad fact. It is a subject that the director explores brilliantly, without identifying himself at all. Besides chasing the cat and mouse, the script also develops two separate lines for the main tales. One for love, the other for redemption. Even if the new text is not that great, it's still beautifully written and keeps you in the seat at all times. <br /> <br /> The acting is really good. Edison Chen as an incredible professional killer; proves it is not just a beautiful face. He is ruthless, despicable and beyond lovable. Sam Lee as a fantastic maniac also. Cast, in short, excellent. Music is also worth mentioning. Ben Cheung records extremely painful results, with some light-hearted songs playing in the main dark moments of the film. Yuen Man's shooting is also good. <br /> <br /> In general, this CATIII movie is highly recommended. Very fast paced, incredibly behaved, wonderful record and really good at the end of everything. However, as many have pointed out, this is not a film for everyone. If you do not like strong violence, you should stay away from this violence. If you do not like seeing a severe negative in the film, this is not appropriate for you either. In the end, a strong film, 8/10.
