It's great and praiseworthy how writers and filmmakers continue to produce great films from one of the oldest and most widely used story lines in the cinema! "Dog Bite Dog" is nothing more than a simple story about a single copper chasing with great concern a great criminal, only Pu Sui Chang distinguishes his film from the rest as being extremely violent and relentless. It is without doubt one of the most moving and sadest movies I've ever seen, with an atmosphere of constant nihilism and characters that seem to walk straight from hell! Even the installments in Chan-Wook Park's retribution (with the exception of Oldboy, or any infamous Cat-III movie, were never released at all sadly and brutally like some of the events described in "Dog Bite Dog." Bang is a young Cambodian killer When the police arrive, the young officer sees how Bang escapes quickly from the scene of the crime and follows him The first physical confrontation between the paramedic dogs leads to a huge blood bath, where Pang is killed, Mercilessly many of the hostages and even a friend and colleague Wai for a long time.Since then the cat and mouse game began And a full-fledged cop between the frustrated policeman and the professional killer, who saves a young girl from her father's ongoing sexual assault and stays with her in her fold in the local waste dump What makes this wonderful work / excitement (apart from obvious violence) He has been trained to fight and kill for money since he was young, he knows no restrictions, no mercy, and hardly speaks a word.Wai, the policeman, has become merciless and funky since his father (who is also a policeman) ) In a coma after a drug-related accident. Lai does not question suspects and witnesses. Screaming at them and ready to sacrifice everything in order to stop his new enemy. People with weak stomach or tangled nerves are advised to stay away from this film because the cruelty and trauma shown in Dog Bite Dog can easily cause nausea. This is not the type of violence in which heads are stained with blood and limbs cut in the air, but more like the hard and troubling type where people try to crush their opponents mentally and physically. The dark and effectively effective photography sites and the extremely poignant music make the painful tone of the film even more horrifying. Great deals! I would not be surprised if Edison Chen and Sam Li would deal with each other like the enemies in the film that was also set up, because their hatred and disgust on the screen feels somewhat legitimate. Dog Bite Dog is a powerful, memorable film that is highly recommended. If you're afraid you can not, just wait a few years for the inevitable new US version that will undoubtedly ease the hypothesis.
