Most ratings say this is the weakest point in Hamilton's short film career. This film is a little different from the rest, depending on the best or worst of what you expect from a film, and what you expect from Hamilton. <br /> <br /> Knowing Hamilton as a photographer, you can be a little surprised. While Bilitis is similar to his books in a movement with all these young girls discovering themselves and their relationships on the edge of lesbianism, with a plot linking these scenes, Laura focuses on a few personalities who develop relationships between them (male and female, typical artist) Although we see beautiful images, many of which are better than average, only their number dropped for the plot. The Tendres cousins ​​differ from both, it's just Hamilton's film that looks more like a movie than a set of moving pictures. Because of that, it could be acceptable to a wider audience of Hamilton, who looks like an exciting comedian (but not of the German kind - Schulmädchen report will be very frustrated). You will not laugh too much, but you can smile (this is something you do not often get from Hamilton). Unlike all other Hamilton films, the age of females varies. Unlike other main character films are the boy. Unlike its usual work, this place is not misplaced or out of scope. We have personalities who live their lives, have their own destiny and not only lead us from one image to another, from one naked girl to another. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, Hamilton gets lost (again) with a script in his hand. The girls on the beaches, under the shower, in the low-light rooms, in the gardens, under the tents, in front of the mirrors, no matter how much clothes - this is his area, he can shoot for minutes and hours and whatever he does always feel the artist's eye and his hand behind it. But when he has to offer us an average daily life, he stops being Hamilton and becomes a middle manager following the text. Hamilton is known for nudity, but it is only part of his work. In the Tendres cousins, we have a reverse situation: his girls are not in the best shots. The nature, the garden, the house reminds us of Hamilton's work (often overlooked), while girls, even if they are naked, have nothing distinctive in the way they present us. Hamilton may have been confused by the presence of a boy in front of the camera, and he might have been thinking of a line accepted by censorship. He might have been trying to make something new (no one dared tell him that he should not), but he neglected what was most commendable.
