I love the professional pictures of David Hamilton for naked women on the borders of femininity, sometimes exciting, though not pornographic. Another person loved them too, because my book David Hamilton had stolen. In one book, some pictures of a young boy, obviously naked, intimate with a young woman older than him, were seen naked too. Although they are separate, there has been a strong sexual connotation. A new land for David Hamilton that has proven either footage from Tendres Cousines or perhaps photos taken in a collection. <br /> <br /> The art of still photography is unfortunately not automatically translated into cinema. The soft focus becomes out of focus and the separate corners become confusing, perhaps because they can not be considered in motion. Either you see it or miss it and there is no time to observe, to understand. The film is supposed to be a farce, and funny things happen, but it does not "hang up", perhaps because the story develops very slowly and one may wonder what is happening. In the end, 14-year-old Julian communicated with his cousin, but he was heartless, with no genital contact on the camera. Because they are a farce, we have a disappointing virgin and puzzled caught in the gag already, and after they catch them, so that Julian's father gives him a cigarette to complete the experiment. In fairness, the film is in French and corresponds to the French cinematic forms, which may be very accurate for most Americans even with translations in English to help us filistans along. <br /> <br /> It was suggested that this film should be a child pornography which certainly produces today's climate where it is clear that sexual exploitation of children is a serious problem. No one in their right minds wants to support or seem to support sexual abuse of children, so there is virtually no place for children to see it even in the mild moderate context without immediate alarms on sexual violence and exploitation. The men will think "Lucky Julian!" Although they agree that sex and children in movies are "bad", they still wish they had become Julian at that age. Women may also have similar ideas, but all these considerations must be taken out of the mind of the conscious individual. Hysterically, the worst assumptions became automatic and the issues of children and sex were strictly avoided. Too bad, because sexual awakening is a real human experience. After all, children grow and become sexual beings as Julian does. It is an appropriate literary subject, including cinema, but taboo under the threat of sexual violence against children. I think David Hamilton was risking making a film about it even in 1980. It has been fairly successful in exploring this sensitive subject, and unfortunately, it is unlikely to see better in the near future for fear of naming child pornography.
