The only reason to give this number 9 is that the other child actors who played tadchey were not on the job level. I suppose they were just children with the appropriate age and useful, but they were not well trained, and their scenes were a minor inconvenience. <br /> <br /> I say no, judging by American standards because they are full of ambiguities and ambiguities that Japanese culture easily adopts, and are not subject to the ethical constraints of the black hat / white hat "films are routinely subject to. Very funny when you find the small Tadashi group of the yokai Companions themselves let down by the other yokai, and Shoujo - the vanguard Kirin herald - does what many frustrated Japanese adults will do.Tip: This is not going to happen in the Disney movie. Beer you will see in a movie for children. <br /> <br /> Early , There is a moment when a school teacher bumps into his head with the attendance book.There was a TV commercial in Japan two years before the movie appeared, a cartoon of a depressed child playing guitar and singing the blues in his room. After that, someone gives him a piece of candy and praises and sings a happy melody, but his mother comes and asks him to shut up again and give him a narcotic slap that leaves his religion in his forehead. I remember this ad, because it was considered funny, and I did not hear any objection to it while I was there. There is a lot of bloodshed and physical cruelty that appear on the screen in the "Great Yokai War" than one can find in a Disney movie. As a parent, if this is an American film, I would be concerned about such things, although I'm not necessarily the moral lessons drawn at the end of the picture, which of course are not black and white. Since it is a Japanese film, I agree that these cultural standards allow images that will not go beyond the standards and practices of the police in American production. However, I may be a little disturbed to take the young children to see it without giving them some sort of briefing before the show and / or extract information after the presentation about the violence and other things that are not colored, or I was waiting until I came to show them.
