I walked last night to see the movie BUG at the Florida Film Festival and let me say it was a real pleasure. The managers were there and they did a Q & A afterwards. The film begins with a small boy smashing a cockroach down his foot, a nearby man standing in his car sees the little boy smash it and run away to ask the child `Why? why? Did he have to kill that living creature? In a hurry to advise the youth in error of his ways, the man ignores the payment of a parking meter, which begins a whole series of events involving people who have nothing at all, some funny, some sad, some of them ridiculous. This movie has a lot of laugh, a lot! There are many actors that you will recognize. The main actors that have emerged in the film are: Jimmy Kennedy (from his comedian Jimmy Kennedy Experience, and the role of fortune cookie writer; John Carroll Lynch (who plays Drew Cross's brother in Drew Carey) plays the animal. Brian Cox (Hanibal's original lecturer in Mannhuntar) plays the role of the legendary owner of Donut and Chinese food abroad.There is one line telling Cox his chef to wash some of this pig's blood on the pavement by saying "clean this death" which is funny Very often because of Coke 's "germicidal" delivery The film comes when a boy imitates his father who heard him earlier in the day shouting "MotherF *****" while in the classroom Another very funny and surreal scene is when Trudy Steeler (Mrs. Sting herself) and another actress offer a spectacle on a cable display , From the film where the boy shows the plastic bubble The actor who hosts the cable show is very amazing, he is very serious and stalemate, and both the doctor and the boy in the plastic bubble are pleasurable.There are many beautiful actors and actresses in this film, Of a month with a budget of about $ 1 million, directed by Phil Hay and Matt Manf My hand (from the book scenario through trade, and wrote crazy / beautiful film made next starring Tuxedo Jackie Chan) wonderful and funny and loving film.
