Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy are the most famous bisexuals in history, and they deserve it, so I'm happy to see any of their films. Professor Nudel (Lucien Littlefield) is close to completing the regeneration formula, with the ability to reverse aging, twenty years later. The towns of Stan and Stan are smoke chimneys that arrive for their job, and very quickly public defender wants to stay away from Stan's mistakes. Go to the roof to help with the other end of the brush at the top of the chimney, but Stan in the living room ends up pushing it back in the attic. After breaking the stretch, Stan gets an alternative, loaded gun, off the wall and of course triggers the brush. Stan stepped up to take a look, and fall the can, standing on the attic door of the ceiling, in the greenhouse. Stan asks if he is injured, and only answers "I have nothing to say." Ulysses returns to the surface, and ends up with a "stan" in a tug and a spindle in the "Oles" that fall and destroy the chimney. Ulysse, without a hat, was struck in the fireplace with many falling bricks on her head, and the cover of the servants Jessup (Sam Adams) was covered with the smoke of chimney ash, oh, and there was still something he had not said to Stan. The boys decide to clean up the mess. When Stan tears the carpet with the shovel, he asks, "You can not do anything right." Stan replied, "I have nothing to say," forcing the shovel to smash on his head. Because they have a "bag" of "Stan" bag to shovel in the ashes, they distract their attention by drawing on the wall, and ends up ashes down the pants of "Oles", so that Stan collides with another shovel on the head. Professor Nudel finishes his formula, conducts a final test on the duck, with a drop in the water tank, and turns it into a duck. As the children show their success, he turned the duck into an egg, and then suggests the use of human material, that is, his service. As he goes, the boys decide to test the formula for themselves, but they end up falling by Stan in the water tank in every formula. In the end, what was once classed as a class, you are a monkey, when Stan asks him to talk, everyone says a class before the harp "I have nothing to say," Sten is stoked. It's full of great games and all the classic comedy you might want to get from a black and white movie, it's a fun movie. Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy were seventh in comedian comedies. very good!
