This is an unusual Laurel and Hardy comedy with something of a separate character: Sometimes, it looks like two films produced in different ways that have been divided into a short film. Fortunately, each part is funny in itself, and the clown boys seem to effortlessly effortlessly combine the various movie elements in each amusing. Although I have never heard a DIRTY WORK writer quote a favorite comedy of Laurel and Hardy, everyone seems to like them. <br /> <br /> Our story is in Mr. Nudel's house, which is a key element in the story line: a great parody of the scenarios of the Scient world. This is a rare adventure in the science fiction area of ​​L & H; Abbott & Costello and The Three Stooges intertwine with crazy doctors more often than Stan & Ollie. In any case, the professor is obsessed with the creation of a renewed serum that can make young people younger, while his cynical servant, Jessup, expresses the viewer's doubts with rolling eyes and sometimes dry irony. At the same time, Stan & # 39; s statement is about the chimney sweeps that appear in the Professor's house on the same day he mastered his solution. The "part" of the film consists of a distinctive (but first class) package containing chimney, roof, shovels and a number of unfortunate incidents. If you do not enjoy watching these guys on a mission, you probably will not like DIRTY Work, but for fans, this is a feast. The event is marked when an "initial" movie flips through the chimneys, then descends into the fireplace, and then is crushed by the brick that falls on its head with crazy rhythmic precision, one by one. I also like the Ols shot that fell from the roof to a greenhouse; the process is very difficult and I think it was just an internal joke, in the way Wc did. Field Movies show the worst back projection screens in the world. <br /> <br /> Slapstick is a very fun game, but it's a crazy science idea that makes this movie an odd one, and two players deserve advice from the shooter. The Hat: Representative of the prolific personality Lucian Littlefield is a wonderful professor, offering his stunning lines with taste and tranquility with stunning glee, while Sam Adams is a stitch in the role of Jessup The Butler. Although Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy were in the lead, it is always worth noting that their supporting songs at the Hull Rush Studio gave their films a huge boost. So, too, it was usually the background music of Le Roy Shield, but the DIRTY WORK festival represents a rare occasion of this period, that the Roach comedy has no musical accompaniment at all after the opening credits. Mood music may have enhanced actions, but regardless; this is a very fun comedy anyway, and a prime example of what makes Laurel and Hardy so popular in their day.
