I found this film the first time I was looking for some work in a witch that was co-starred Stefan Radu, and is still in a state of extraordinary havoc caused by the wonderfully beautiful Les roseaux sauvages (in Portuguese, Juncos Silvestres) by André Téchiné . I was looking for similar movies, at the beginning of my life. I found then the film "Presque Rien", a film that surprised us director Sebastian Levitz, and we got a nomination from the Cannes Festival in 2000. The story revolves around two young men, the type "the boy next door", Mathieu (Jérémie Elkaïm) and Cedric (Stefan Ridou) Meet during summer vacations. In a land far from where he lives, Matthew spends days on the beach with his sister. There he meets Sidric, a local resident, who begins this exploratory and scouting relationship, through the sensual and seductive personality that Stefan Ridou gives to his characters, (in Les roseaux sauvages), less than 6 years old, Here in the experiment). An example of the output, in the Grammar sequence, is the intimate description and acknowledgment of children who face their (mysterious) sexual life and their great love. The first love, in its terrible evolution is the ecstasy of despair. The best of the film is the best in France: the passion, the warm and enthusiastic rationality, the brown beauty, the simple and natural acceptance of families, though not without surprise and anger. Still, there is the beach, the luster, the simplicity of the summer lightness, the freshness of the breeze, the melody of the mutation, the expressive eyes of the introverted Elkavertm (hesitant, painful, puzzling, passionate). Sexual intercourse is not avoided or exploited, but is treated as it is, without the intention of the exhibitors. By virtue of pure talent, this is a dramatic work of uncommon quality, without a cheap emotion, a true picture of two gay people in his first youth as a normal person, despite the social fear of rejection and shame. It is worth watching, especially those who love French movies (although the front cover of the DVD is very lame, with dozens of stars, richly scented). The movie witch, in my opinion, deserves 8-9!
