I agree that the film is a bit slow in sites that contain many scenes of everyday worldly life and there is no dialogue. I was not quite impressed after watching it. However, after a few days, I realized that the film stayed with me and stirred up a melancholy mood in my mind. My appreciation for this movie increases. It certainly deserves a higher rating than those movies that can be instantly forgotten. <br /> <br /> As many have commented, the film is not linear, a trademark of the European film industry, in contrast to Hollywood's narrative narrative. I do not really know whether this is true or not. Many also dislike its confusing structure and lack of clear explanations. For those viewers, I do not think there is much I can say to change their opinions. However, for others who have not seen the movie yet, expect to face a challenge and do not expect the film to offer all the answers and you may enjoy enjoying it more than you would otherwise. <br /> <br /> The movie skips slightly but lists only 3 time periods. Pay attention to hair style and you can easily separate it from two periods of every 3 periods. It's also not as confusing as suggested; just enjoy everything will be clear in the end. <br /> <br /> Yes, lots of things are left free of charge or not displayed, and lots of positions are left unexplored. But is not that what life is? Often, you are not sure of the motives of your friends / loved ones unless you encounter them and even then, you will never be 100% sure if they told you the whole truth. This type of film compels us to explain the reasons behind the actions. However, the movie leaves enough hints for you to make some reasonable assumptions. For example, Mathieu manic depressive, to the point of suicide. why? I do not know, perhaps he did not turn his life as he expected; he may miss his family but he did not forgive his father to give up his sick mother in the hours of need; perhaps after all his sacrifices for Cedric, rearranging him and breaking his life to be with him, The decline will come. " I think the director was meant to show us that he was always away from his mind and rattled in that scene with the dead bird. He may have a very sensitive psychic and all these pressures have a big impact. But we have also shown that it is not an animal psychologically tortured by its loving interaction with the lost cat. Also, there is one conversation between the doctor and Cedric shedding light on the cause of disintegration and possibly attempted suicide. The doctor asks him if everything is fine, and Cedric thinks about it even though he once cheated Matthew, but that's not something, according to Cedric. Is this the only reason, we do not know, maybe there are others, all mixed together. Is it important to know exactly what they are? I do not think so, for this film. Another sign that they are incompatible at the end is the scene of historical monuments. Matthew is interested in studying archeology, Cedric is not. He is the only person who is based only on the material side without the intellectual side that Matthew needs clearly. <br /> <br /> Finally, the end is really hope and sweet. I was pleasantly surprised by the turning of the events after the gloomy tone towards the end. <br /> <br /> I have two complaints about the DVD. One is the sound. It's very soft. I had to raise the volume to hear the dialog box and then when I switched to a bar or an outdoor crowd scene, it became extremely high. The other is that translation can not be stopped; they stay on the screen. Most foreign DVD movies that have not been released from the main studio are not implemented in this way unfortunately.
