'Presque Rien' ('Come Undone') is a former work by the talented director / director Sebastian Leveszitz (in collaboration with writer Stefan Bouquet - the team that later gave us "Wild Side"). When we came to understand Lifshitz's way of listing each of his works, he became more important. By allowing sensitive and tender love stories to appear in the same random way in the minds of young people who feel confused and insecure - time now, time passing, time reflection, time imagining, time alone - Lifshitz makes his stories more personal, engaging the viewer with every aspect of the responses Characters. It takes some work to introduce his method, but the move in his style deeply draws us into the film. <br /> <br /> The handsome and talented Jérémie Elkaïm visits the seaside for a holiday, a time to allow his mother (Dominique Raymond) to fight with her unknown illness, which is sponsored by the monk (Mary Matheron) mundane and wise with his sister Sarah Latitia Ligrex): Their father stayed away at home for business reasons. Weave to and from the first moments of the film Mathieu photos alone, look depressed, install trains, and talk to someone in a small recorder. We remained to wonder whether the unfolding business is all memory or contemporary work. <br /> <br /> While Matthew appears on the beach that young Matthew observes that a young and handsome manipulates him at his age, we can feel the emotions of Matthew trembling with confusion. The young Cedric (Stephane Redo) follows Matthew and his sister's house, and continues the mystery of gravity. Cedric soon approaches Mathieu and introduces a cute lead to a kiss that begins passionate love mania. Matthew is horrified by the direction he is taking, dismisses Sidric's general approach, but continues to search for him in search of consignments. The two young men are fully alert in love, we will spread the material aspect of the relationship, which is very necessary to understand this story, with the audience in some very sensational and sensational scenes. However, while wearing the summer on Mathieu, a committed student, realizes that Cédric is a stray worker in a condescending position in a carnival. Cedric is the partner of Dionisian while Matteo is partner Apolloni: At the time of the architect's destruction, Matthew is fascinated by the beauty of history and space, while Cedric only cares about the place as a new haven of love. Matthew is a complex person who deals with his family relationships, which are strained by serious illnesses, an unrepentant father, fear of his booming nationality, and his growing passion for Cedric. Over time, family changes are being made, and Matthew is driven to depression, including attempted suicide.The way Mathieu deals with all these challenges and finds solace, oddly enough, in one of the past Cédric lovers, Pierre (Nils Ohlund) brings the film to a mysterious climax but is quite successful. <br /> <br /> After a Watching the film A sense of sympathy for these characters is so strong that the desire to start the film from the beginning with the full story is strong.Lifshitz gave us a film to meditate passionately, contrasted with the powerful passion found in love, a quiet film of silence and unmatched beauty. Lifshitz is certainly one of the bright lights of filmmaking in French with an English translation. Grady harp
