What a wonderful imagination, though slight at times, a huge budget, this. By the time he reached the Great War of Yokai, Takashi Miki had already proved that he could sink into other films regardless of his assumed status in the type of crime / yakuza. But here, Miike, in his first and only record on the common screen, proves that he is capable of delivering goods in the postmodern soup of legendary fantasy agreements, along with a CGI boat load, the effects of creatures and makeup, and an epic battle like a "festival" From the Lord of the Rings game. Comparisons can be made widely and certainly, the most obvious is to jump on Miyazaki, because it is a seemingly unique combination of witches of children heroes and power-hungry sages who are looking for the Earth's main source energy, the mechanism as the greatest evil, and many peculiar creatures defined, designed Brilliantly (or Yukai from the title). But comparisons can also be made with Star Wars, especially with the Battle of Gungan in the TPM, and play the full power between good and evil with similar forces. Or for anime like Samurai 7. Or of course for Henson movies. Through all of these comparisons, even through faults or long-term moments, they are Miike along the way with the sensitivities of influences and personalities. <br /> <br /> Here, Ryunosuke Kamiki plays the role of Tadashi, the typical child who begins with a kind of naivete and sensitivity to things in the world, but will become the hero in a dark world. Darkness is the evil sorcerer, who gets his energy from both the rage and the miserable feelings of the human world, who also began to die in spirits and other creatures, Yokai, in a fire that sends them into giant robots that have only one mission - to destroy and kill anything On their way. Tadashi is preparing to fight the charming Sato, such as Yokai, who was the main client of Sato, and Aghi (Shilki Koriyama of Kill Bell, the other great villain) steals the small companion of Tadashi from Faroe, Sonicosuri. Soon, things reach their peak, at a climax reminiscent of many other films and fantasy stories, but can only be contained to some degree by Miike and his crew. I may have recommended the Great War of Yokai to children, but in the front note, some imagination has not been eased in American circles. This contains abundant creatures, including monopole awning holder, walking, modern wall, not to mention turtles, fire snake, and woman became cursed by Sato. So the group is diverse to this end, and one may feel like objects and effects that grow to heights that can not be understood when the "festival" reaches Yukai, which reaches hundreds of miles. But there is also a sense that the imagination is strong in both light and dark, Sunekosuri may become the greatest emotional tool at the disposal of Miike (not only because it is attractive square); anywhere else to get angry audience of more than a little angry furry ball, A tragic battle with Tadashi in the form of Android? <br /> <br /> However, through all of this, the sense of chaos that can be found in the most brilliant sites in the career of Miike is also here, which distinguishes him from his mobile counterparts, Muppet and sci-fi. There is an exotic sense of humor as usual, including a song dedicated to the Akuzi grain at a critical moment at its climax, and more than a few imaginative journeys with creatures and fighting scenes (I liked, for example, the big blue-headed man who must make them smaller, ). The greatest danger through Miike's access to greater special effects and computer processing, which is exaggerated, is an exaggeration in this regard. I'm sure he has everything, with some comic books, and creates some memorable impressions with some of the compositions (one of them is when everything is said and done, Tadashi and the other "human character" in downtown Tokyo under the rubble in a top image), but CGI is sometimes somewhat unconvincing with robots, and interaction skirts to be very glamorous, and some visual images, such as the Yokai overlay that spread the word around the big festival on the map, just seem weak and pat. I almost wondered if Miike had gone back to the "Spy Kids" territory quite frankly. <br /> <br /> But aside from this responsibility, The Great Yokai War provides more than a share of the gruesome excitement, glee and innocent melodrama that comes with many of the best fantasies in childhood. Owes much to the cinema, as well as traditional Japanese folklore, but the screws always turn out in most of its laughable and confusing work. It's not the best director, but working in a business experience ends up working for him. I've got a neat little message and a lot of great adventure. 7.5 / 10
