Many people are commenting on this film label as a "children's film", and this is certainly, though it's made for adults. Takashi Miike uses this imaginative genre, especially the fantasy genre, as a starting point for the land that represents the Great War of Yokai. <br /> <br /> The setting is simple where a boy is chosen to play "The Hero" at the annual festival of the year, only to discover his role more realistic than he imagined. The following is a hallucination trip, strange, eccentric, often funny in the world of Japanese folklore, but wait there is also a villain villain on the loser who wants to destroy the world. However, the villain here is not just a demon; it is a satanic spirit of accumulated resentment of those things that "humans" use and "ignore". Using the tree made of pure dislike / displeasure, the villain transforms the vibrant colorful Yukai's life into temporary robots of no more than ten feet, turning into arms and eyes like burning coal (perhaps those who played the video game, Sonic The Hedghog, may remember Dr. The robot in this film is actually the less interesting character, where the straight man plays mainly, in the world suddenly madness. Although he experimented with typical protagonist experiments, he did in many Sometimes it does not have as much power, as many of the same Yokia, who seem to be right in the face of deadly robots, and some spirits are umbrellas with eyes or dialogue walls or creatures whose purpose lives in life is counting the beans ... Of course in this magical world Of the Yokai War in Miyek, so that the beans take magic power when they believe in it. <br /> <br /> In many ways, this film corrupts the usual traditions of children's imagination. The few characters, if any, are heroic characters. Chance, almost arbitrary faith, desire to celebrate. Yukai spirits, gathered together only and besieged the hideout of villains, after making mistakes at the end of the world invasion of the Great Yukai Festival, and even then only for dancing and partying. The film ends not with the usual well-done fantasy ending, but with a final scene, showing the years of our older hero, with the adult job, is now unable to see the souls of Yokai from his youth, who then turn into the desperation of the villain, Never really die. This end, in the spirit of Yokai, is a spitting image at Pokemon Pikachu, warning us not only to leave ourselves in our childhood, but from the horrors of over-consumption. The villain is the resentment that occurs when humans no longer respect the world and the things around them (in Japanese folklore almost every object has a kind of soul) and when they are used and disposed of as we do in consumer societies without sanctification, Those that have been seen in modern video games, suggesting that although our imagination and our legends never die, they can become distorted. <br /> <br /> This is one of the first scripts done by Miike contributed to it, and I think it shows up, as there is a narrow theoretically sometimes being swept under the carpet because of its cheerful enthusiasm. Although I mostly focused on the story (where it seems that a lot of users here delete it), I want to say that it is visually a scene of CGI forms, and stops animation, costumes, and live puppets, which work remarkably well. There is a dream-like quality for much of the film, Miyazaki's comparisons are justified, as are the comparisons of NeverEnding Story and Labrynth, although this film is sharper and older than either. Yuki is being beaten and brutally turned into live hate machines, which I believe kill even a few people, the birth of a deformed calf that has been thwarted and has a man's face and dies in the ugly opening films, while the other sex seems to be the long neck that licks the face of our boy hero, Others continue to remember the touch of the spirit of water covered with young youth as a boy, seems a bit long for most Western tastes, especially when thinking about it "Children's Film." However, these are slight enough to attract adult attention while being slight enough, and not to shock any children. The fictional fairy tales, before the revisions, were much worse, often. <br /> <br /> All of this is one of Miikes' most accessible and attractive projects yet, with enough visual drama and fantastic performances (Yokai's spirits have a humorous and ridiculous humor to them, and this laughs loudly at times) to attract Audiences of all ages, and the existence of a static, hidden concept strong enough to attract an adult audience who have brought their children out of the nostalgia for the long-lost fantasy films of their youth. It seems that the last group in the film is the most passionately demanding that it not only continues in the negative consumption of the world around them, but also shows a reverence for those souls inside it that seemed closer to reality in childhood. Another beautiful, funny and truly innovative film of a sexy director did not come close to its climax. Alternative tradition.
