Maybe this is the best TV show I have ever seen. I first saw it on Comedy Central several years ago. At that time I did not know it was largely edited and was displayed outside the system, and after seeing only all three groups in order and was not edited (thank you online and your wonderful "pipe chain"), I am very happy. ! I think comedy Central chose it and chose its way through the first and second series of "Season" ... and tried to bring friends and family to see it, but nobody really impressed him (I need new friends). So, on my own, I've done my best. Even when I felt it was going down a bit, I still felt compelled to continue watching. Years after the discovery of small Britain, I immediately realized that Pauline of LoG influenced Marjorie in Fat Fatters. Also, I like the idea of ​​writers who are doing the whole show .... (not new, but they have done here thoroughly). LB has nothing in LoG! (No crime, Matt and David .... I love you)! This is actually a comic piece of dark genius. Serial killings, implicit cannibalism ..... you name it, you may have found this wonderful and unique piece of TV art. The screenshots of the first scene itself are terrifying and seem to urge you to go to Royston Vassy ..... you will never be left! I think my favorite character should be Tubbs, but each character also portrayed her own "charm". My favorite was Papa Lazarus, until he reappeared in the third series (clever and completely unexpected)! It is best to watch several episodes in a row because they lead to continuity, and as I said before, become convincing (while repelling) so much that you can not stop watching. This is not for people with poor stomach, children, conservatives or novelty (unless you've got an obscene novelty)! I have always loved British television, especially comedies, from Monte Python to Benny Hill, Red Drive to keep appearances, absolutely fantastic and British assets coupler and office (but not their American counterparts ... sorry). This does not resemble any of the ones in it that redraws the line between what is funny and what is sick and twisted. Nothing, nothing on American television has come close to this level of entertainment. American television broadcast is very sad and lame, I can barely stand to watch any of them. It is sad that even our cable channels do not have the courage to show unedited versions of this gem (Your Lost, Comedy Central). Fortunately, there are such shows that come from "across the pond" that replace the entire broker every decade or so. The basic cable here in the United States has taken small steps over the last few years in "crossing lines" confidently with more graphic sexual content, drug abuse and adult language, but they are still far from deciding to be adults to show real life, adult behavior Just kill mania and blow things up, sheesh, it's similar to the same 35-year basic display format! So do not make me started in American comedy series! A waste of time and a lot of lost money ... ... Did you know that "according to Jim" has been on the air for 10 years ??? 10 years?? Anyway ... Watch this show, get it on DVD, do what you need, then make your friends watch it too! She has never seen anything like this. There are three special offers I have not seen yet .... I saved them in spring to my best friend the next time he visits. I will watch them, even if I have to tie it to drawing feces! Lines, lines, lines and lines! It should be noted that the third series departs from one and two .... It seems that the big city is located in a remote place to focus on the newer characters, the path of laughter has vanished (thank bloody hell), the theme is more difference and less orchestra and a bit of the story going outside Royston Vasey. Do not give up any of this as in the end, the string has maintained the first slight deviation shown in the first and second series. I think these four men have created something that can not be determined. Fantastic, confident and completely disorganized. You'll need to re-watch it over and over again. It's amazing that in 5 seconds of screen time, they can move from cheap goggles to apocalyptic blasphemy and end up with a close-up of actors. If I have ever met any of the writers / performers, I ask them not to recreate them or try to put them in the foreground ..... I will just say "Can I help you at all?" (Then maybe they slapped me, so I ask them to sign a slap mark)! 10 out of 10
