The League of Gentlemen is one of the most entertaining, weirdest, darkest and most memorable comedy films of our time. She paved the way for more comedies like her, many of which have copied style, but never worked. All loosely linked. First, they all live in the fictional city of Royston Vasey in the back of northern England. <br /> <br /> The first characters to welcome newcomers are Tubbs and Edwrad, the piggy-faced locals of a local store supposed to be away, and most people may not know its existence. Other examples include: the Denton family, obsessed with cleanliness, chastity and frogs; Hilary Press who sells a well-known private label fortunately; Pauline, a sharp-tongued reintroduction officer and even sharp pens; Mr. Chinnery, a good-hearted veterinarian and a threat to all four legs ; Jeff Tipps, a plastic seller who has a humorous sense of humor, often includes rifles and electric tubes. . . . . . . plum!!!!! <br /> <br /> Despite being a comedy in the heart, the gentlemen often outgrow the species while never appearing to be cheating or tearing apart the materials of others. There are many horrific signs such as the disappearance of a rookie, a pair of silent twins, a crazed circus owner, and a sudden onset of bleeding. More surprising are the moments in which the string takes on a more remarkable tone, and the above characters, such as Pauline and Geoff, appear in a more sympathetic and fragile light. Editing your movie is the best offer, but some fans may decide that they're local. <br /> <br /> The third string, which is equally underestimated, also takes a different path, instead of the drawings that focus each episode on an individual character with each. The story leads to one conclusion involving a plastic bag and a van runaway company. Although many fans may not enjoy the structure of the film or the third series as much as the two are enjoying, they certainly indicate the extent to which the University of Gentlemen innovate, and their fear of exploring new areas. <br /> In short, the University of Gentlemen is certainly worth a look, as the welcoming signs say: You will never leave!
