I was looking forward to "How I Lose Friends and Exhumant People" for months, especially because of the fact that Christine Dunst and Simon Big were playing a starring role. Simon Big is a comic genius and Kirsten Dunst has always been my favorite actress. How to lose friends and unique people hit instantly! Of course not perfect, but very fun and funny. How to lose friends and isolation, follows the life of Sydney Young, a famous British journalist in silent time, hired by an upscale New York City magazine. Stunningly, Sydney enters the upscale community and burns bridges with presidents, peers and stars. After disabling the black tie event by allowing the wild boar to escape rampant, Sydney drew the attention of Clayton Harding, editor of Sharp, and accepted a job in the magazine in New York City. Clayton warns Sydney that he will be impressed and charmed by anyone who can, if he wants to succeed. Instead, Sydney immediately humiliates and shames fellow writer Allison Olsen (Kirsten Dunst). Dare to target customers two stars to advertise in power, Eleanor Johnson (Gillian Anderson). He also annoyed his direct boss, Lawrence Maddox (Danny Houston). Sydney finds creative ways to annoy almost everyone. His sincere grace, the rising star of Sophie Mayes (Megan Fox) who developed a strange passion for him. Over time, Alison's friendship may be the only thing that saves Sydney from his rising career. The story is very interesting and the acting was top notch with what the actors were given. Simon Beige is still as joyful as ever! It makes Sydney sullen, obnoxious, and annoying as it is real, but later makes Sydney not only loved, but also a real personality rooted in the end. Kirsten Dunst and Jeff Bridges were awesome! Kirsten had some wonderful scenes and wonderful acting, and Jeff Bridges is just Jeff f * cking Bridges! How can not you love it? He makes Clayton a very humorous character with some intelligence and generally you just love the guy. Gillian Anderson, Megan Fox, and Danny Houston were as wonderful as the support team. Each had their own character that was generally undesirable, but that's what made the film work. One thing I did not enjoy was how many figures had dimensions. I understand that most of them were supporting actors, but some actors were too little and could give the film more spice. How to lose friends and isolation People will never be in the top 10 movies, or even the top 10 comedy movies at all, but they have a very high level of entertainment, and some of them may love you too. How to lose friends and unique people is definitely one of the best romantic comics of the year! 10/08
