Raggedy Ann and Raggedy Andy THE MOVIE are about dolls that appear when humans do not exist. In this adventure, they must save a kidnapped French doll called Babette from the captain of the pirates. On their way they travel through Deep Dark Woods, Taffy Pit and even Looney Land. Will their new boyfriend help them with the Camel With Wrinkled Knees or slow down their hallucinations? How will they escape the King of Coco and his followers !? What would her owner Marcella say when she saw a doll present for her seventh birthday with her other toys? Waiting for the pleasant surprises of adventurers. <br /> <br /> All the results from 10: Story: 8 - Very nice. Dolls that come to life when the master is not present. Not only that they go out to many different places, but they are in a virtual world so that nothing can happen. Get to know new characters, go to different places to find new friends, it's great. The characters all work well in this too and who does not like pirates? Representation: 8 - Each character fits her voice well. Precisely the pitfall of Marlon Brando pit, greedy. This French character is characterized by a very high French accent, and the evil king of Hitler, the respectable evil, Coco (who looked like Simpson Side Shoppe) plays his part very well, and the voice of the old black man of Kamil works perfectly. Why is it that the old dubbed animation was much better than the new? Music: 10 - There is nothing less than perfect here. The songs have been in my head for years, and they were re-viewed some 20 years later, I can still remember each one and I will now be able to know exactly where these melodies come from. Joe Raposo of Sesame Street has done an excellent job with songs for this and everyone is singing well. <br /> <br /> Editing: 6 - Hey, this is the place where it will be blurred. I mean, how far is Rajidi going anyway? It seems that a lot of events happen one by one, and no one tells the World Health Organization about toys and other toys because you have never seen them in the real world of the movie, but they follow some path and learn that they will achieve access where they need to go, Occasionally. <br /> <br /> Singles: 8 - Between this and Unico I would say that there are parts in both films and I will never forget no matter how hard I try. Mainly the scary parts. Maybe I already mentioned how the old movies were crawling much more than today's animations but this takes the cake into a scary factor. Outside the South Park movie and some Disney movies, there is almost no lyrical music, or good films about it that appear very uniquely. <br /> <br /> Worth: 8- its classic. Worth searching for a good copy this is for sure, but all copies of VHS may now be copied. The DVD version is sold on Ebay all the time and will definitely be something you will see more than once. If anything he gets for nostalgic purposes. <br /> <br /> The total score (not average): 8. It's a great time-honored musical made in the late 1970s and you can still enjoy it today. Her characters are all unique and the songs are wonderful. Great you may find yourself humming them over and over again. Give stuffed animals your favorite hug today! Seeing references (including bias): This is not like the Raggedy Ann TV series that was produced a decade later. This was a darker and more real world. The effects in this look like a lot of other acidic caricature journeys of 70, especially the Yellow Submarine. However, his memories will never forget, and I may continue to influence things today. It was not easy to find but it will remain a treasure kept in my collection of DVDs and videos forever.
