Oh, boy, God bless in the seventies of the last century, we got some of the most horrible films that came out of that decade: exorcist, jaw, Texas Massacre, Halloween and now, Raghdi Ann and Andy: Musical Adventure. This film should be used to torture captured terrorists to tell us about their evil plans to destroy the world. I mean seriously that this film is afraid of me. My sister was carrying this film in her VHS group and I was curious about any kind of film they would produce from a doll that came out of a big depression for children with little pocket money. My jerk? It's funny that this film is the 1970 version of Toy Story, largely for the key, and it was just a thousand times more terrifying, and Alice was in Wonderland to get into drug trips for the kids. <br /> <br /> When Marcela leaves the room, Raghdi Ann races with her brother Rajdi Andy and a full nursery full of colorful games. On Marcella's birthday, a new doll, Babette, arrives from Paris, France to the USA. Babette is a spoiled creature not realizing she is a puppet, but Raggedy Ann is doing her best to make Babette feel at home. However, the pirate captain of the culprit abducts her. Raggedy Ann and Andy set off in an attempt to save her before Marcella was discovered. In the world outside the nursery, the two meet with the camel with the knees of wrinkles, a blue camel game that has been kicked out by their former owners and is now frustrating and sharp. After Rajidi Ann and Andy toured the camels, he began to follow the hallucinations without looking, stretching over the edge of the abyss, into a deep pit. In this pit, they encounter greed, a great courageous mass of sweets that eat constantly and never complete. The Raggedys and Camels escape by a narrow margin of greed and consume their journey to find Babette ?? Believe me, it seems more strange than this point. <br /> <br /> While this movie was definitely disturbing and I wanted to cry and cover my eyes through much of the film, it was actually very creative. Again on the day we had an animated drawing that made the movies more personal and that the book and animation put their heart in it, you can say that they did it with Raggedy Ann & Andy: A Musical Adventure. Sure, this was not the worst film I've ever seen, and I do not know who to recommend. As I was afraid, I must admit that I am happy because I saw him, sometimes you need to "WTF?!" Film seasoning your choice, believe me when I say that Raggedy Ann has no problem doing it with me only. It is official, this doll is just creepy, let's put it this way, there is a giant caramel river that eats everything, and a king keeps his head growing bigger and laughs, which is strange to insult Rajidi Ann and her brother, the strange incest between Anne and Andy and two bare dolls that You will haunt my dreams forever with their songs. Yikes. <br /> <br /> 7/10
