It has taken a few times for me to write about this scene, but for me Tears of Kali is one of the most horrifying events of the 20th century and as far as independent horror is a true masterpiece. It is a fictional horror film, taking the story of the fictional Taylor Taylor Erikson, a cult of a kind based in India whose members began looking for self-knowledge and self-healing, with unpleasant consequences echoing the years. With slides from the book collection in India, the film consists mainly of three stories prepared in Germany, which illustrate the effects of Taylor Taylor's work, with some sometimes very unpleasant dresses. It's an interesting setting with the evolution of these things, but what distinguishes this film is how the images are prepared very carefully to develop horror movies. The bad stuff was unleashed and the general session of the film is a look at how the search for self-knowledge and ultimate therapy brings terror to patients, healers and others. The film is loaded with clever visual concepts of the force of dark forces with which you engage, the forces of darkness unbounded by time and space or even personality. Good examples of this were found in the first story in particular, where she deals with a journalist being interviewed by a lady in a mental hospital. Before this story, we saw Lars Ericsson, especially his dilapidated eye (lazy?), And seeing him also heals or relaxes the patient at least. In the first story, the patient is shown in the same position as Eriksson in the healing of a sick colleague. She also closes the paintings of the professional class she runs among her sick colleagues, showing one of their pictures, a face with a lazy eye like Ericsson. There are also references to the folk in the minuscule roles, additions and walks with additional sensory perceptions of what is going on in the film, which shows the unluckyness unleashed and the ability to injure others almost. There is more than a film of philosophy than just evil inside, it is a film about death, suffering and the possibility of salvation, all connected to a structure derived from Hindu beliefs in a way that seems to be merely an exploitation but has a greater relation to actual reality than one might expect Search you have done on Wikipedia). The writer / director Andreas Marshall certainly deserves some credit for his skill in building the film. In addition to being well thought out, the film is very cool. The Indian and Panamanian soundtracks have a wonderful piano forest and there are some outstanding shows, Michael Balloon as a bad doctor and Curra Chilcot as a strange patient. Hassan. The third story also has a good turn from veteran Matthew Carrier as a treatment of faith. The biggest problem in the film is that it does not involve a lot of time, and therefore a loss of fear, but these offers and other offers make a good contribution. So, the film is not exactly as it is, where it sometimes acts and stops working too, but mostly I thought it was very wonderful, if its color was less than its potential brilliance. Worth a look for adventurous horror lovers I think.
