Where was this movie when I was a kid? After his parents separated from Tadashi moving with his mother to live his grandfather. Tadashi's sister stays with their father and talks a lot over the phone. Grandpa is just "here" every third day. Mothers never really home. Children always choose the poor child. During the village festival Tadashi is chosen as the "Kirin Racer" or the spiritual hero of peace and justice. He has no doubt that he will soon have to enter the role of hero with the forces of darkness joining the anger of things that have been discarded in a conspiracy to destroy humanity and the spiritual world. <br /> <br /> Well, the part was easy. Now comes the hard part, trying to explain the film. <br /> <br /> It's a great movie for kids. No, this movie is gorgeous, flawed, (very flawed?), But it's a wonderful movie. It unfolds like all those wonderful books I loved as a child, sometimes dense as Tadashi struggles to find the strength to become a hero. I felt like I was reading a wonderful book, and I thought about its size if it was a book. I liked that the film did not follow the natural track. Often things occur from the door of chance or through misunderstandings, one person is absorbed in events just because his feet fall asleep. There are deviations, twists and moments that seem to be unscheduled and all the more magical because they (which are typical of Micky) are definitely Takashi Mickey. This Japanese film teacher is clearly responsible for a film that is often scary and funny at the same time. It seems that no one except Miike realizes that you can have many feelings at the same time, or that you can suddenly experience vicissitudes when things become dark one second and then funny the next time. I admire the fact that Miike has made a film that is bleak and hopeful, and is not ashamed to be scary, which means really scary, especially for children. This is the same dark area that must be in Harry Potter films but rarely are. This is a dark fairy tale with humor. My first reaction when I saw the opening image was that I could not believe that anyone would start a children's film with a picture of the end of the world, and then I realized who made the film. You can access Miike to make a film that knows that children can handle scary images. <br /> <br /> It also works on more than one level. Mechanical monsters made by false bad guys are unwanted to mankind. It is anger to be thrown out that feeds the monsters. One of Yukai (Spirits) talks about angry sports shoes that are thrown because they are dirty or too small when they are thrown. You also have a good person who refuses to join the bad guys because that would be the human thing to do. It's a wild concept, but like the other things that float around, this raises the film to another level (there are many revs and references to other movies, TV shows and novels that make me wonder who this movie is because children may not understand it, Parents will do) Of course there are monsters. They run a series of cheese to an amazing stop with everywhere in between. Frankly, you have to forgive the disparity they create simply because they must be hundreds if not thousands of monsters on the screen. Its way is cool and works. One of the main characters is Yokai, who I think is best described as a hamster in a jacket, often played by stuffed animals. He looks stupid, yet he will rejoice in the small buoyancy and love every moment he is riding on top of Tadashi. (Admission is also easier if you've ever seen the old wooden pieces of exotic Japanese monsters) I have mentioned flaws and there are few of them. The effects are uneven, some sudden turns are a bit strange (even if they are understandable) and some other small things that fade now two hours after watching the movie. None of them really hurt the film, but most of them are a kind of block of happiness. <br /> <br /> I really liked this movie. I'm sure that if I see this as a child, it will be my favorite film of all time. (Where does English describe it?). See this movie. It's a wonderful trip. (Along with a good introduction to Miike minus blood and graphic sex films)
