It was filmed as "The First Family Movie" by Takashi Miike - by people who probably did not see Zebraman. Yuki Daiseno takes things even further in the direction of family friendliness, thus easing the darkness and irony to create a fantastic fairy tale. The little boy is chosen by fate to save the world from monsters and atrocities that are still largely unaware. Obviously the budget film is bigger than anything else done by Miike, with lots of CGI to create a fantasy world inhabited by strange creatures (YOKAI). The lack of over-content may be the result of more nervous investors, but I think he might just want to do something different. It really has never been a hoax, but it is often blamed - YOKAI may have been designed to silence these critics. Regardless, it is a great project for Miike to guide his unlimited imagination and creativity. <br /> <br /> There is a very creative sense of production, evoking Miyazaki's ideas in places. Yokai is based on an old series of stories based on Japanese folk tales, which certainly influenced Miyazaki as well (especially her deadly spirit). You must remember that Miike does not have a budget like Harry Potter movie to work with, so the special effects will not be smooth in the Hollywood style - some blue shows are particularly clear. Some special effects are fantastic though, with some very good animated creatures (a mix of CG and stop movement and puppets). I think the small stocking puppets that follow the hero around a large part of the film meant * to look really cheap, and all that is is that this little boy who plays the role of the hero does a really good job. - It's very hard to find a teenager who really understands the concept of acting, but 9-year-old Ryunosuke Kamiki is a real talent (I think he made the last 2 films in Miyazaki!). Chiaki Kuriyama is delicious like a wicked piece, although Mai Takahashi had a bigger impression like the Princess River with its drooping ear - yum yum! Those who are looking for another violent pervert film gangs will not find what they are looking for in YOKAI, but if you are a fan of Miike because of his imagination and wit, there is much to be desired here. And have an extra bonus you can happily put on any company you have :)
