It was aired on TV yesterday, so I decided to check it out. This was one of the last Bruce Timm / Paul Dini DTV projects related to their old Batman the Animated 1992 series, after Jeff Matsuda re-imagined Batman through the new Batman series, but in any case, this new Batman story focuses on the appearance of a guard A new security known as Batwoman; however, Batman feels the need to stop her because of her extreme tactics, while also taking off the family problems) and another villain (later in the film) They also put a bonus on Batwoman. The question is: Who is this Mysterious Mysterious and can it be more than one? It is up to Batman to solve this puzzle and stop the recent Penguin process. For an animated film, it has a fairly complex plot and a serious tone, which is good. Another advantage is the complete redesign of the Penguin penguin, much like Mob Moboss, which we used to see in comedy, unlike previous designs that borrowed elements from Tim Burton from Pengium's vision. Although the movie has a love sub-chart, it has not been shown too far and the film does not come out of its name, like Batman Forever. Voice representation is the standard quality for these direct projects to video (if Batman: the Fantasian mask is the one who walked this way), Kevin Conroy still shines like Batman / Bruce Wayne. As I said, although jogging for 80 minutes, he is able to prepare a good (and complex) story complete with some minor transformations and a great deal of movement. There are some negative aspects, however, the Nightwing can not be seen anywhere, and I'm sure that Barbara Gordon and Bruce Wayne do not associate as a couple, although it has just been mentioned, Tim Drake (also known as Robin) does nothing Big and to be honest, I have never been a fan of the designs of characters Paul Denny and Bruce Tim (especially in their Batman performances after BTAS), the adventures of Batman and the new Robin, well, they make Batman's Kindman seem fat and then rather a well-packed individual Personal model Jeff Matsuda of The Batman). Bruce Wayne seems a bit awkward, but those blue eyes make him look like Clark Kent and Bruce (although it's true that they look pretty similar). The other downside is Robert Throne (there is no explanation for why he is in this deal, but it is safe to say he has the fools and what is the deal) that does nothing much more then hangs out with Penguim or gets hurt every time he points to someone (Calculate the number of times this happens in the film and you will be surprised.In general, a good animated film by Batman, is worth at least a lease.
