This publication may contain two spoilers: <br /> <br /> Five years after the series ended and WB is currently working on the Justice League, this animated film is a welcome addition to the video library. why? Well, if Mask of the Phantasm completes the first 70 episodes of Batman: The Animated Series and SubZero complete 15 episodes of Batman and Robin's adventures, Mystery of the Batwoman completes the last 24 episodes of Batman's Gotham Knights. Kevin Conroy offers a new voice on performance that does not live up to perfection. I admit I was a bit cautious when I heard about Batwoman and all I was thinking about was the old 50's comics from Batman. But I was amazed by Batwoman's character and shape (which I assumed inspired Bruce Wayne to fashion on Batman Beyond) and the fact that this film keeps you guessing from Batwoman all the way. If you want to know who is Batwoman, then buy or rent a DVD. Barbara Gordon shows a wonderful look and I think the writers were trying to suggest that Bruce and Barbara had something between them as he did in Batman Beyond. Tim Drake appears as Robin, but his role is small. Unfortunately, there is no mention or mention of Dick Grayson as Knight and Wing, which leads me to believe that he founded himself in Blodhaven (his city in comedy). <br /> <br /> Among the three suspects of Patoman, my favorite is Cathy Dukesny, who looks as wonderful as Halle Berry. Kelly Reba did a great job as one of the other suspects. When it comes to the bad guys, I'm happy because the penguin was one of them, but I did not like the fact that Paul Williams replaced David Ogden Stirrs. Pengy just does not seem true. The same goes for Robin. The new man was fine, but as I began to get used to Matt Valencia, they replaced him. It is interesting to note that Kevin Michael Richardson, who expresses Carlton Dukin, is now the voice of Joker in the series "Batman". We finally see Robert Thorne again because he did not appear in the Gotham Knights episodes. The late John Vernon will be missed. Although I enjoyed Henri Silva's voice, if he had to be replaced, they got the right man in the form of Hector Elizondo. I just wish they could use Two Face or Riddler or the scary new version of Scarecrow. <br /> <br /> The musical result, especially the soft sounding intro, was wonderful. I wish I had it in my audio clip, and I enjoyed the beautiful and talented Sherry at Iceberg Lounge with her song Betcha Neva. While some feel that this film is weaker than the Fantazo mask, I find it as strong and enjoyable as the rest. In addition to what I said before, it is a full film based on the Gotham Knights version of Batman, which I think gives a good balance. At least I recommend renting a DVD first before buying it for those who might be wary of this movie, but I personally, worth buying. I give the secret of mysticism 9.
