Begins with many principles on stage to Albuquerque. Gaby Hayes (Jock, looks like a duke) is the driver and starts his usual fight against women in general, with the exception of his girlfriend Pearl. He then links a distorted version of the biblical story of Samson to justify his retention of long hairs against Perle's wishes, which is the city's haircut, no less, and who claims that if everyone follows his example, he will stop working. This point will come back to dominate the last scene in the movie. Gabby seems to be a nuisance to some reviewers, but it is a clear addition to this reviewer. It is very bad that he was not in the West more than Randoff Scott better to help ease the usual Randy jaw behavior. At this stage also Randy (Cole Armin), his future wife (Katherine Craig, Casselia Wallace), whom he recognizes, and a little girl (Myrtle), who soon becomes a hero when she saves her from the runaway stage after being suspended by the followers of Randy's restricted uncle Wheelchair John Armin (George Cleveland), who runs the city mainly. <br /> <br /> Randy soon learns that his uncle, and hence, is not exactly popular among the city folk. However, it soon formed a useful friendship with Gabi. After learning that Uncle John was in charge of the final stage of his commercial rival, Celia Wallace, and the related murder, Uncle John demands the return of the money and decided to work for Celia and her brother Ted (Russell Hayden), instead of his uncle John. <br /> <br /> As his opponent is more likely, Uncle John decides to plant a detective (Barbara Breton, in the name of Letty Tyler) in Wallace's office, to keep him informed of the date of delivery of the ore from the mines to the city so he can sabotage the range. When this does not work, he resorts to the brutal tactic of burning a fire in his office, to which Randy bears responsibility. Unfortunately, when the fire was discovered, Randy was in Litty's apartment and confronted with evidence suggesting she was flirting with her uncle John. Myrtle and Letty testify that he was in the apartment when the fire was discovered. This puts him and Willie in the kennel with Celia (his obvious crossbar) and Ted (who hopes to attract Litty). This news also ends Uncle John's confidence in Letty as an informer, and suggests that she leave the city. Instead, it turns into two sides and tells the basics why Randy is in her apartment. Uncle John tries again to sabotage the run of the ore, and when that fails, there is general shooting in the town. You can guess the results. <br /> <br /> The plot was well constructed and executed, with complex relationships between the principles, and with a variety of obstacles in front of Randy to overcome them, with the help of his colleagues sometimes. At least, Randy was spared the need to bring his uncle to justice. Uncle John had the option of avoiding assassination, but he was confident that women would not have the courage to carry out their threat. The presence of Hayes and two beautiful single women, as well as Little Myrtle, helped ease the tense atmosphere in this battle for survival, as Uncle John put it. <br /> <br /> It seems strange that Barbara gets Breton, the "bad" girl, on a female bill on Catherine Craig, Randy's interest in love. Barbara's camera time was very limited. <br /> <br /> Those who grew up in the television series Lassie who show George Cleveland as "Gramps" will be surprised to find that he plays such a mediator in controlling the villain. We may wonder if his wheelchair position has an impact on this character. This leaves him with few options to make a living in the Wild West. Without a clear family to help give it (except Randy), some of the victim can not afford to do his most profitable job in the city. On the other hand, through his talks, he may have achieved his status as the "president" of the town before becoming wheelchair bound.
