The above summary line, talked about by James Claud (Robert Preston) to his brother Tom (Robert Sterling) just says it all. Jim, AKA Kid Wichita, has a way of making things happen, and the only problem is that he leaves the dead bodies in place. This is not the kind of direction Tom imagines for a younger brother Jeff, who likes what he sees in Jim, especially when he defends his farm against local Texas cows. <br /> <br /> The mandate of the opening credits "John Barrymore Jr. introduced the younger brother, in this first appearance of the screen.This seemed strange to me, especially because he was directed to Jeff in the story almost.There are eighteen at this time The film, he said, was like a passing of Sean Ben, not a stranger to personal and legal problems throughout his career as well as his family's exodus, and I left wondering if his daughter Drew Barrymore might have seen this picture at all ... I tend not to think about it. <br /> <br /> On the subject of similarities, I was also struck by the idea that young Robert Stirling By the way Roy Rogers was at the beginning of his career, when I only knew the sterling from his role as George Kirby in the TV series "Topper" in the early 1950s, I thought he was in his place in the West, but that may be me. There are a lot of sub-sub plots, including relationship breeders John Gal (Little John) with his son Sharif (who kills Kid Wichita), and the troubled marriage between Kathleen Boyce (Cathy Downs) and her husband Earl (who kills Kid Wichita). Chill Wills assembles the lead actors as one of Tom Cloud's hired hands, and the numbers are fairly predictable at the end. <br /> <br /> What is totally unpredictable is how things end up in the end, and for this reason, this Western earn points to follow less traveled, and therefore not quite as much conspiracy as does a good brother / Western villain good. In conjunction with the selective casting of managers, I recommend it, even if you have to bear some of the quick cuts and slow editing I encountered in my copy.
