"Ice Age" is one of the animated films produced by Blue Sky Studios at all and released in 2002 as the company's first film. We know the main characters: a squirrel named Chris Wedge, and please note: Scrat's screams are Tom's screams from Tom and Jerry, a mystic giant named Manny (expressed by Ray Romano of "Everybody Loves Raymond" ), A lame named Sidd (pronounced by John Liguizmo of Titan A), and a spiked saber tiger named Diego (expressed by Denis Leary of Pixar's "life of impurities"). <br /> <br /> The movie begins with Scrat's attempt to bury the acorn and then immediately, causing an avalanche. Then we see a herd heading south to the next ice age (except for Manny, who goes the other way to look for other contaminants like him). The master comes out of a cave, yawns and sees that his family has abandoned him. Then pay the price with some aardvarks. Unfortunately, Sylvia (who is expressed by Kirsten Johnston of "3rd Rock from the Sun"), an orange sloth, wants Mr. to migrate with her. Eventually, Sid joined Mani and became friends. <br /> <br /> At the same time, Soto (expressed by Goran Visnjic), a wicked Saber tiger with bad teeth, wants revenge on the tribal leader to erase them. Half his pack just stole his infant son, Roshan, away from him. In the morning, he, Diego, Soto's followers, Lenny (in the voice of Alan Tudick), Oscar (who voiced his voice Diderich Bader), and Zek (Jack Black) attacked the tribe, but the wife of the leader fled with Roshan. For Mani and master to take care of. In the end, Diego joined them and went on a journey to bring Roshan back to his tribe, who were also looking for him. Relax and watch the rest of the movie and discover, okay? (Including Jean-Krakowski), a thin yellow female sloth named Rachel (who was expressed by Laurie Bagley), and a group of wolves used by the Roshan tribe, ), And the master shows them Roshan as they relax in the tar hole. By the way, the rhinoceros, Carl (made by Cedric the Entertainer of "Madagascar" in the PDI), and Frank (expressed by Stephen Rot of Pixar "Finding Nemo"), who jostle Sid to sabotage his meal and face Manny on the abyss, are simple characters Simple. The same goes for dodo, which uses watermelon as food supplies. <br /> <br /> The gags in this movie are very funny. For example, Manny speaks through his box saying, "I'm not going!" When Jennifer and Rachel get out of the tar hole, Mr. Jennifer asks, "What do you say if we jump into the gene pool and see what happens?" Jennifer then responded, "What do you say if you jump into a hole in TAR ?!" Rachel also then kicked the master in the waist. Sylvia sees that Diego holds his neck from the neck with his teeth, then asks Mr if he is holding his breath, asks Diego to eat it, and walks right away. <br /> <br /> Because "Ice Age" is not only a success, but it contains two followers: the first is "Ice Age: Collapse", released in 2006, the other was "Ice Age: Dawn of the Dinosaurs", to be launched Next year. I can barely die waiting to see what will be the "Ice Age: Dawn of the Dinosaurs."
