I've seen a high roller several times over the years, and I've always found that he was willing to flick with a strange sense of humor, but I never knew he was filming in the UK, and I never knew that the actor who played the role of Marty Rantzen ) Committed suicide after the movie was shown. I think during the last night I noticed that the wording of the actors seemed strange to the Americans, and some were not good at hiding their English dialects. <br /> <br /> Still, this is the tale of the nerd in the class, Marty, who is a joke from his colleagues, and on a certain day, April Fool's Day, he enticed him into the girl's locker room by Caroline Monroe , Played teenager) and humiliated a great time in the film. Of course, the boss hunts at the gang, and they are all trained to punish them, but not before a detailed Marty couple gets away, trying to smoke in the chemistry laboratory, but he's full of something he's sick of. When he runs into the bathroom, Interacting with something mingled by Marty, which leads to a fire and a spilled bottle of nitric acid, leaving poor Marty after ten years, this same gang is heading to reunite in the good old Doddsville High Class, which seems to have stepped up strangely and inaccessible To them, but thanks to the ingenuity they were able to access Search the place seems deserted ... but there is a room where the preparation of a banquet and alcoholic drinks, and of course, eating and drinking and having fun. They will soon die of course. <br /> <br /> The gang was tracked one by one by a character in the clown's mask, but could you be Marty? They do not know, they discover that they are either in a freak box or working for IBM, they are not sure. But whatever it is, it does a quick job of them. Particularly disgusting is the girl who bathes to wash blood from one of her classmates, whose bowels popped above her when he drank a poisoned beer. She's the victim of the acid bath, which I think was probably one of the parts that was originally cut in the tape, because it looked so bad when I saw it this time. I may be wrong, but I think it did not exist on the tape. <br /> <br /> Anyway, there's a bit of crooked ends, and it also contains footage that does not exist on the tape, I guess. There was also a little nudity in front of me earlier than that, it was also lifted, but apart from that I did not really notice if there were other parts in this unpolished version, maybe so, but there was some time since the last time I saw it In which. <br /> <br /> Anyway, if you're a fan of shisha-shingled eighties, compile your new DVD, because it's a nice little slant and a good atmosphere and feels it. 7 of 10.
