Slaughter High starts just like any other day at the Doddsville County High School, where minster Carolyn Munro tricked nerd Rantzen (Simon Scudamador) into the girls' locker room where she told him to take off his clothes while bathing. The group of Carroll's friends comes and bare Marty now gives a big surprise as they videotape him as they stick their heads into the girls' toilet in the joke of April Fool's Day. The sports coach at the school (Mark Smith) saves Marty and punishes the gang who blames Marty cruelly, decide to play another trick on him just this time getting out of hand and Marty is in an explosion with nitric acid on his face. Years later, all members of the gang are invited to join the class at the school, which is now closed, and all arrive to discover that they are the only ones there. They are all venturing indoors where they quickly learn that they are not the only ones there because Marty has come back and retaliated ... <br /> <br /> He was originally filmed under "April Fool's Day" and probably changed because of another April Fool's Day (1986) Made in the same year, this joint American-English production is unusual because it has three authors and directors, George Dugdale, Mark Ezra and Peter Litten (after they did not watch a movie with three director balances I have now seen two a week and the other is Jean-Claude Van Damme flick Kickboxer (1989)) and I must say that I really liked the high slaughter though it was Enjoy a very bad reputation. One of the things I like about the script is that it is a pure, shameless pattern, not trying to be anything else but accepting only the rules of species, short luxuries, ornaments, and playing them. Basically delivers what you promise by killing, killer, blood, breast and kids. I thought the character was fine, the story was fine even though it was just an excuse to get a load of teenagers inside an isolated place so some killer could repel them at one time and I really love that this development also ends up and it's also the thing that gets Slaughter high to get a lot of flak. The first half starts a bit slower, but the second half moves at a knot rate where there is one murder after another. Some attitudes and personal reactions are meaningless, but the same can be said of any film ever produced, who complains? <br /> <br /> Although the Slaughter High has appeared well, I liked the look of the film a lot. The isolated, dilapidated school is made in a truly wonderful location and looks good. The designers also make a good thunderstorm. There are some nice photographs, especially in the end, where there are many wonderful, long-lasting shots that follow Carol through various corridors of the dilapidated school. Although they are not particularly elegant, they look nice enough and professionally made. There are some good loopholes here, including burning bodies, acidified people, impotence, stomach blasts, facial axes, death by the lawnmower and the person who drowns in the feces! Special effects are also better than one would expect and you were more impressed and happy than expected. <br /> <br /> Technically, the film is better than I expected and outperforms most of the low budget horror films that gets released today, I thought it was a relatively low budget itself though. It is assumed to have been developed in America and has been portrayed very clearly in England. Harf Manfredini creates another score that looks exactly like all his other musical scores and is essentially the same as on Friday 13th (1980), a sequel. Anyone who lives here in the UK is likely to know Billy Hartman, who played Frank as an athlete at Emmerdale Farm (one of the top soap operas in our country) and plays with Terry Woods! While most horror fans will get to know Caroline Monroe sexy in a rare staring role. Legendary producer of the exploitation, Dick Randall, did the act of high slaughter and actually appears in the film as a pornographic filmmaker ... We're talking about typing! You can also see a poster of the brilliance of the misunderstood which was a piece (1982) that was also produced by his successor in his office. <br /> <br /> Slaughter High is a slanted film I liked a lot, did you see it? I did not say it was fantastic, I actually said I liked it on a personal level and I'm sure that the predictable plot and lack of story are likely to delay a lot, so I can not recommend it but I can say that I loved it, make it what You want. Make sure you see the unpolished version if you want to check it. If you are not a fan of a slasher, Slaughter High will not change your mind but if you are looking for a simple and effective slasher, you can do much worse.
