Movies God Bless 80 in Slasher. This is a fun and enjoyable movie. This is what the bright films are about. Now I'm not saying horror movies, just slasher movies. It goes this way: the nerd in high school is chosen by all these stupid cylinder players and cheerleaders, and then one of their pranks goes horribly. Marty, deformed and back to avenge, wearing a Joker / Clown mask (looks very creepy, I can add it), started killing these teenagers one by one after several years, after being able to make them believe that their old abandoned high school had reunion. This is the basis of the plot? what's wrong with that? This is the beauty of the 1980s bright films, I say most of them. Many things can be very silly, but they continue to draw you even more as they pass. Especially this film. <br /> <br /> Some of the murders are outrageous, some of them also very creative. (Poisoning a can of beer, acid bath, I do not remember that the spear was used before in any other slant film) It's really a fun and enjoyable movie. That's all it is. All you have to do is to be completely stupid, do not mind their stupidity, and never mind the horrible random things that happen in this film. Such as the possibility of controlling the lights by the killer (when he does not even switch any buttons, you'll see) and latrines capable of coughing the blood and baths that can get out the acids, just use it as part of your entertainment! Because this is what makes it really amusing. <br /> <br /> Films like this are the 1980s in the 1980s. You will never get back movies like this, you know why? It's not the 80 anymore. That is why you should cherish them for what they are, good fun! I highly recommend this film if you are a hardcore fan of Slahsers like on Friday XIII. <br /> <br /> I finally noticed that this movie was also shown to kick the wicked ass too, Marty Rantzen. Garbled, nerd, who kills all his old opponents in a creepy clown mask. The good villain makes the morgue well. It seems that Simon Scudamore, who played Marty, apparently committed suicide shortly after the release of the high slaughter. This alone adds something terrible to the film, and sticks to it, it even makes you feel more sad about Marty's character, I think. All in all, 80 adults in 80 fun! It is shameful that they will not be the same again ...
