Edward Burtynsky is a Canadian photographer who makes art out of the least imaginative things imaginable. Daily items such as boxes, boxes, metal containers, etc. are converted. - elements that most of us see as utilitarian at best and refuse to be completely complete without an aesthetic feature - are instead transformed into wonderful things filmed by Burtynsky's camera. He achieved this result by focusing on the recurring colors and geometric patterns that appear to exist in the industrialized world - for those who are sufficiently aware of their discovery, ie. Even piles of compressed garbage can become beautiful things when seen through a Burtynsky lens (but did not we already know it from "Wall-E"?). He is particularly interested in photographing areas such as mines and shipyards where Man has already made an incursion into nature - which may sometimes explain that even people in his or her uniform, with their uniform clothes and motorized movements, are part of the scene Industrial. <br /> <br /> "Landscaping Manufacturer", a documentary about the work of Burtynsky, has a lot of sense of "Koyaanisqatsi" on the subject and it fascinates us with its rich variety of images and patterns. In fact, the filmmaker Jennifer Bechwal and cinematographer Peter Mitler capture the essence of the original images in purely cinematic terms. Their camera records Bertinsky and his photography assistant at a factory in China, a shipyard in Bangladesh and the construction site in the factory. Project dam of the three huge rivers in China. Through the work of the humble camera, the directors match the beauty of Portinski's photographs. In fact, the film begins with a stunning eight-minute film from a Chinese factory, where hundreds of workers dressed in similar clothes pile in symmetrical rows and are perfectly coordinated with colors. <br /> <br /> The film is less good when Burtynsky goes around to express his "themes", which, quite frankly, seem confusing, contradictory and not well cooked at best. But it is purely aesthetic experience, highlighting the image and shape, that the "landscaping manufactured" has a great resonance. In the case of Burtynsky, perhaps, a picture is really worth a thousand words.
