You might have heard that this film was a study of the art of landscape photographer by offering beauty in disassembling man's landscape. She has certainly shown arduous activities to find locations, settings and snapshots, and capture stark images that were her final destination for artistic studios around the world. Together in motion pictures, is a truly horrific spectacle. <br /> <br /> This movie is gripped and replaced by shocking images with nice waves of brilliant soundtrack that guides you through a slow-moving river. Each sequence stands on its own, but in combination will become deeper and deeper in a sense of overwhelming inevitability. There are few words, and this allows greatness to manifest that he preaches in his own way. A huge factory is full of human machines that live in hopeless dormitories. Individuals die early while searching for recyclable scraps in our electronic waste mountains. The birth of giant ships and their destruction by hand in giant tombs. The construction of the Three Gorges Dam, the largest industrial project in the history of mankind is likely at all. The time elapsed in the city and its simultaneous re-generation was a replica of modernity that intentionally destroys all vestiges of culture. <br /> <br /> The most horrifying picture for me was the dam engineer explaining that the most important dam function was flood control. The shot goes to the orchard behind the official spokesman where you see the level of the recent flood because of the toxic water that ate the bark of the trees, indicating that there are only the most horrible insects can live in the water. <br /> <br /> Obviously, it has not been mentioned much stronger than your regular documentary "Saving the Earth". Artist Edward Burtynsky explains a great way. "By not saying what you should see, many people are sitting in an uncomfortable place today, where you do not necessarily want to give up what we have, but we realize that what we're doing is creating deep problems ... It's not simple or wrong. The accuracy of this is down to any suggestion, but the film's images scream that the decision has been taken in favor of the dark side. <br /> <br /> Although it is not mentioned directly in any way, as the waves are what you see You wash your mind and think about it, there is only one conclusion possible We are doomed The progress of the ruthless human race of our nature leaves behind a massacre that this artist finds In contrast to most environmental films, this film ends without a call to arms, essentially arguing what the point is, but making sure you place the blame correctly. We all are equal.
