This documentary came out of the wonderful work of the Canadian landscape photographer who had long been interested in the devastation left on earth by fossils or man-made buildings. It starts with a large factory complex stuffed with people who make a large variety of small things, parts of seemingly high-tech equipment; it's not really clear. The focus is on the size of the place and how many people are there and how they are cared for abroad in small yellow jackets. The film also shows the photographer working on a long structure to carry a group of these people out of the factory and talk to his crew while he does so. This is a relentless manufacturing world. It is at least convenient to know that these other images will not be presented without a human voice, as is the case in Nicholas Gerhardt's quiet documentary about the food industry, "our daily bread." The "landscaped landscape" contains images of people looking for e-waste and the city (many cities, in fact) were eliminated by the biggest dam ever, with one eloquent brand shot of a young girl in the ruins of her own neighborhood eating out of a pot that uses a pair Of chopsticks larger than him. Some of these scenes, with the terribly paid workers, who are enslaved in dangerous and toxic places, may have been immortalized by the famous photographer Sebastiao Salgado. But this photographer does not care about seeing people closely. His direction places him somewhere between Salgado and the images of the neutral cold modern landscape of Louis Paltz. <br /> <br /> All this is happening in China, of course, although there are previous black and white footage of the photographer working on a large shipbuilding site in Bangladesh. It is supported by music in a new industrial style in the new era, calming and oppressive. There are lots of good shots of the photographer's work - or have some of them filmed the film crew? This is not clarified. <br /> <br /> Edward Portinsky is the name of the photographer. We see people walking around in exhibitions of his beautiful works - dramatic prints of colorful, high-resolution color images with brilliant glow. The irony is that Burtynsky makes such unique and glorious images of mainly dark places, and the ordinary eye is scattered and dull. Admits that he is not taking any political position. When we are able to compare his picture with those of the walking eye of Peter Mitler, Bertinsky's work is somewhat elevated to a kind of glorification, thus falsification. But it shows us places that, if we look closely, reveal their whole dark story about ruin and neglect no matter how accurate their images may be. <br /> <br /> Logically, but not quite happily, it is Burtynsky who tells his voice most of the film because it ranges on different sites. The inspiration for Bertinsky's "Epiphany" has inspired his contracts to work well, but it is not just a truism about how to irrevocably transform the planet; depending on the oil that will run out. That China entered a massive manufacturing game late, and thus may burn early with the depletion of fossil fuels. The attention of the "landscaped landscape" will be much greater if there are new ideas conscious to accompany him. The reasons for seeing it are: to see glimpses of Bertinsky's work, raw materials and areas he visits and chronicles beautifully; and to observe scenes of the vast, wonderful, arduous and frightening industrialization of modern China. <br /> <br /> Due to the limitations of the narration, the idea of ​​the title "manufactured landscapes" is still undeveloped. It even seems to be a misnomer. The new landscape is, but a byproduct of manufacturing rather than "manufactured". "Landscape for waste" or "Lost Landscape" may be better titles. There is still plenty of room in this documentary for further intellectual research about a film about this intriguing topic; those who wish to learn more about Edward Portinsky may do better in reading his books or exhibitions.
