As soon as I learned about the existence of Kira Naitelli in this case, I said, "I have to watch this film." She is the main character undisputed, Domino, a reward hunter. Its "function", as we learned the scenes of "no action", reflects its violent rebellious position in life. I must admit that this is the first time I have seen Action, and the most important scenes are the scenes in which the guns are far from the hands of the characters. So, this trampled me a bit. In any case, for all fans of John Wu, there are helicopters falling, explosions, shooting as if it were raining, beautiful Kira they call two machine guns, one for each hand. The cast is very impressive. Mira Rourke, after becoming Kira, who in this film is considered a real prostitute, is quite different from the wonderful figure of the movement we used to see, with his usual face that slams his body. Christopher Waken makes his job well, as a real-life producer. <br /> <br /> Let's go to the content: This film has a press release. The dialogue scene is a real "disgusting". Anyone saw this pregnancy from. . . You know what you can say that this is the air you breathe in these situations. In addition to the product, when Domino says that the reality that should show Domino's life is "garbage, not crime," he replies, "I do not consider it a crime." This film portrays a difficult life. Domino, coming from a world he does not want, Ed (Mickey Rourke), a hunter of rewards "not very well", Choco (third man in the band), used by the family (using Ed's words) A bomber from Afghanistan during the Russian occupation This group of people somehow represents the human race that is born without a shirt, unlucky, violent and without losing anything, rules out their miserable lives. More or less, "so I can not tell you how many of these things are true. Can be "added" to make it easier to see the movie and classify it as action film), the characters' story is so realistic that it can not be "published". <br /> <br /> The interaction between characters is different, well thought out, and certainly not boring. The psychologist (Lucy Liu, sober as never happened in her acting career) represents just the reason why Domino begins to recount her story (and this story.) Perhaps, "con" only, in a movie with lots of "pros". <br /> <br /> All in all: This is not "SWAT". Put the characters. They have identity, shape. They have a name and surname (not just "Gamble" and "Street"). This is the case, it is the biography of a girl whose life went as fast as the bullet.
