Prior notice: I'm sure someone will accuse me of playing the race card here, but when I saw the preview of this film, I was thinking about "Finally!" I have not seen a single film about folk dance affected by Africa (be it the famous hip-hop movements, breakage or mobility) where the main character was a black woman. I've seen a lot of movies, where a non-black woman who knows nothing about new hip-hop comes to the hood and does an average job (Breakin, Breakin 2, Save the Last Dance, Step Up), but the black women in the movie are almost None. This has always bothered me to think about a lot of hip-hop and African-influenced dance. The break with the blacks and Latins was huge in these particular groups and it was not always the men who made them, so I felt that this long film was coming. However, the race does not make the film, so I also wanted to hold a reasonable plot; dance be amused. And interesting to watch. <br /> <br /> Pros: I really enjoyed this movie bringing Jamaican culture. I can not remember seeing a popular and popular film where all the main characters were Jamaican; they had reasonable accents. She was not typical with Benny. The thieves, the family, the friends, and even the "thugs" were all intelligent and realistic who were trying to love, live and survive in the neighborhood where they lived by doing something positive. Even when the public was informed that the main character's sister had chosen an alternative approach, it did not add stereotypes. You are satisfied with the way you photographed them. I love stepping. The romantic flirty relationship continues between two stepper. The experiences were passed by the parents' personal key; how they dealt with returning to the old neighborhood and dealing with lobster in the barrel. I respected that she was very intelligent and active at the same time, and that many of Sestas in the film were dealing with themselves in the world of step. They were all excellent like parents. I do not see that in many films at present, at least not films that will be considered black films. <br /> <br /> Disadvantages: I'm not quite sure why the directors or the film together put this together. , But I wonder if real offers have been made. As the steer prepares for performance, you will play some hip hop instead of hand / foot hits. In real view, there is no need for music, apart from entertaining crowds among groups. Then, when the hip hop was played, the rhythm of the song sometimes stopped beating the hands of the stroller and their feet. It was embarrassing. I was more impressed with the step in this film compared to "Stomp the Yard" because women got a strong representation like men (in "Stomp the Yard", Meagan Good got a few seconds of some priss and facial hair) Deltas?) Let the chant and a few steps have been cut off immediately). Even when there were very small scenes, torn by women, especially in the car shop, it was not without all that music to sink their physical music. I know that soundtracks must be sold, but people could play music in other parts of the film. <br /> <br /> I'm not a fan of Keyshia Cole, so every time I see her, all I kept thinking was "Did you write in her script to put her hand down on your hip when you talk?" They looked uncomfortable on the screen for me. I thought they should use adding like Free or Rocsi instead. Deray Davis was funny as usual. Also, I was disturbed when I discovered that the movie was supposed to be in the ghetto, like that mobility might not happen anywhere else. Hollywood, as usual. However, only two people were portrayed as being overly ignorant because of their neighbors and losers, which mainstream films tend to do. <br /> <br /> I would have given this movie five stars, but playing music has killed me. I definitely plan to buy it when it comes out, and hopefully the bonus scenes include actual step shows without all the songs.
