"The Angel Angel Ellen Burstyn" is a proud and miserable woman approaching the 1990s who wants to remain independent until the end, stubbornly refusing to be placed in a children's home. Good son Marvin. The Stone Angel was photographed in Manitoba, Canada, in the fictional city of Manauca, a direct and traditional interpretation of the book that was to be read in the English classes of Canadian high schools for nearly half a century. <br /> <br /> The title of the film comes from the stone statue on the grave of Hajar's mother, which is a metaphor for Hagar's inability to express feelings during her busy life. Burstyn brings weakness and humor to this role but is a bit fond of her self-conscious ego-driven self-defeating self that has managed to isolate her wealthy father and her well-meaning husband but alcoholics and both her and her children. As she drew closer to the end of her days, she reflected that "Pride was my Creator and the Devil who led me was fear, I was sharp, and I was never and never warmer, because I carried my Slassley inside and spread out of me and tied everything I touched." <br /> <br /> Facing her last days in a nursing home, Hajar faces back in her life and looks forward to her failed relationships and memories that appear in past memories above the narrative. The story begins with a dance I attended as a young girl. Meets her aunt Dolly and meets her future husband, Cole / Wings Hauser, who was married before, a poor farmer whose reputation has been stigmatized in the city because of his association with Native Americans. Young Hagar played Christine Horne in her first distinguished role. Despite Hagar's pleading, her relationship with Bram is rejected by her cold and hard-hearted father who refused to marry to attend a wedding wedding on his wrong foot. This is aggravated by leaving all his money to the city of Manauca, and condemning the young couple to a life of poverty. <br /> <br /> By seeking her marriage proposals from Bram, Hajar withdraws from social activities to prevent rejection by the upper classes of the city. When she produces two sons, Marvin (Dylan Baker) and John (Kevin Ziggers), she is unable to give them the love they need. "Every joy I may have carried in my feet or any child for me or even in the light of the glorious morning" reflects, "Are they all forced to stop by some rest in the proper manifestations?" When I speak of the truth of the heart? She fled to the desert because of her inability to endure further insults to her pride. Hajar Manawaka leaves to live in Ontario but eventually returns to the Shipley farm. <br /> <br /> As the scene turns back to the present time, Hagar flees into an abandoned house near the ocean, remembering her childhood to escape from being placed in a nursing home for Marvin and his wife Doris (Sheila McCarthy), where she meets a young man named Leo Kirby) who cares about her and compels her to look and take responsibility for the mistakes she made in her life. The Angel Angel takes out all the emotional stations but does not fully develop his characters to the point where they have any interest in the story's results, although the spirited performance of Ellen Eling as John's dedicated but naive friend and the final moving scenes brings new energy to the second half of the film .
