I was surprised by the extent to which I enjoyed this drama, which was presented in a thoughtful manner, which lost its classification because of its classification of 6.6 degrees. I rarely give time of day to any film rated below 7/10. Having said that, I am very happy that I was given the "Stone Angel" watch that she deserves. Also, if you are one of the most sensitive, sensitive and well-thought-out people on earth, you must be in a living form. <br /> <br /> I must say this in several ways (if not all), that is. Its themes, implementation, style, production, etc., Stone Stone reminded me a lot of "The Notebook". I am very surprised that other commentators have not grasped the many similarities that have repeatedly shocked me throughout this film, so I can only assume that those who wrote comments have not yet seen the notebook. They may not participate in any Alzheimer's disease. However, I can confidently say that if you enjoy The Notebook, you will certainly find plenty to engage your time in a productive way with The Stone Angel. But even if you do not see the Notebook, and do not read the book on which this step is based (which, by the way, I did not), you will surely find much to draw your attention - as long as your favorite types do not include thrilling action fast pacing. It is a film for thinkers and those who love to remember the passage of time, how life changes over the years, and what can happen in one's life when one looks over the years. <br /> <br /> This bizarre movie is a really off-putting film worthy of rating approximately 8/10. I can not blame her current low rating of 6.6 / 10 for 11% of idiots who gave him 1/10. After all, it attracted less than 300 votes at the time of writing this comment. However, if those 11% who gave them the lowest rating possible were really expecting to chase cars and their explosions, why did they not look ... for a few seconds in the latitude and the cinema? Dear ... No matter what the world is coming, do not miss this most disrespectful gem with a movie - but only * if you have a mind (for example, your top ten do not include Transformers or Fight Club or The Terminator).
