When I was young, my parents took me to see Interiors together with the opium. This was one of my many movies I watched with my parents, but it was the only one we had. I have never seen Interiors ever since, and I had never lived the rest of my life without it. More than 70 wines and cheesecloths are so ambitious, striking, and pitiful. Woody Allen is one of my favorite directors, but the worst part of the Interiors career. In the unmistakable style of Ingmar Berman, Allen gives us a dark, angular, silent idea of ​​divorce, alienation, career, love, unbelief, halitosis, or any psychological damaged family. The film is deliberately immersed in shadows, with no comic relief, no music. The best way to make this film "clearer sense and depth of truth" is a regular dialogue. But Woody Allen is not Ingmar Bergman. The film is painfully slow and boring. But other than that, it had nothing to do with the characters. Instead, I was just hated for this parade for the martyrs, for the martyrs, who were constantly looking for confusion, trembling, nicotine staining. In the background of cosmopolitan wealth and frozen Brie intellectuals, this story is beaten like a fart in the room. Everyone speaks fluent languages ​​and languages ​​between cigarettes. Everyone goes to the point where they "lost" and "struggled," hopeless, direction or understanding, or something they just want to collide. It never speaks about the resolution, it is a non-recurring introspective thing. It is not a psychological drama beyond the audience's ability to connect. Woody Allen chose us to immerse ourselves in the feelings we left. And for this reason, I found this movie a painful way to draw its own charming and spiritually draining. I see why I'm going to go, but I'm accusing myself of propagating the Prozak prose, and has come to terms with cinematography. If you feel a little happier and need something to remind about death, I would highly recommend this one. Otherwise, let's talk about this film never happened.
