Kareena Kapoor's look at two-piece bikini is to awaken you while watching Tashan. this is the mega-imaginative, foolish new movie at the cinema this weekend. Bad movies are bad movies, and we see every week, but Tasan is not just a bad movie, it's a terrible movie. It is strange that it is very difficult to get viewers because film directors have only a great movie star, because they are expecting the directors to avoid any plot or any healthy idea. Written by Vijay Krishna Acharya and directed by Tasman as what is a road movie, but all goes wrong. Saif Ali Khan, like Jimmy Cliff, is a call center executive hired to teach Bhaiyajiye English - Anil Kapoor is helpless to be cool, playing an ambitious UP gangster. Jimmy, his young gangster (played by Kareena Kapoor), who was using Jimmy to deceive 25 cents rupee, took his eyes to Pooja. Bhaiyaji, who decides to rebuild money and punish Jimmy and the Pooh, will take the most trustworthy support for his job. Thus, Bachchan Pandey, the faithful helper of Kanpur's gangster, has Akshay Kumar who follows the criminals and restores the stolen money hiding along the country's length and height. Tashan, too, has a lot of these eight-footed potions. a detection script based on a vendetta area. But treatment has a great deal of advantage, because it is a blessing that can not get any contact. Instead of a sequential scenario or traditional three acting structures, you get a few pieces of fragments around the vast majority of scenes. This desperate song in the desert, the bullet-dodging action in the Rajasthani Castle, the Kareeena bikini moment, and even the ridiculous climate action scene are filled with chauvinist monks, a water scooter passing through a dirty stream and even believes or does not believe a Dhanno-style horse-drawn tone. All in all, it's not a mistake - the song element in the desert is really irrelevant - but it does not make any sense in the least, because if you go from one piece to another, the scenario really helps. Do not expect to find a susceptible sensation of illness related to childhood lover, in a film that goes a bit faster. With Tasan, they knew what the movie they knew was no-one involved with this movie. In addition, I also think that they care too - the movie is arrogant reeks. It is like a baked stew, which is to pack away the elements of each genre that is disturbed by stopping it and seeing it mixed. There are films that kill softly, and then you have Taşan, a movie that killed you. Bright finish camera is packed with exquisite places and fancy suits, each frame of the film spends on cabbage to unite, but still feels like a hollow piece for not storing the story. The translation from Tarantino and the style coming from Stephen Chow do not help with the film's wafer-thin complex. Anil Kapoor's grungy Hinglish dialogue may have slightly lessened when he wanted to cut your wrist and that Saif Ali could not find his foot by pushing his legs off the film. Meanwhile, Kareena Kapoor, the queen of high-level delivery, is doing a decent job. Of course, if Tasan had escaped somewhat, thanks to the irresistible presence of Akshay Kumar and his spontaneous approach to the character. You are often upset when you put your belt in her mouth, she is scratching while presenting double-key dialogs, but you can take your eyes on the screen for a moment. Despite Vishal-Shahar's good music, it only seems to extend your efforts. This is a test of your patience. If you do not know, Basan means style. I do not want to apologize for this movie.
