The consistency of Hollywood's misconceptions has led to more wrong results than hits. There are dozens of "More American Graffiti", "Stayin 'Alives" and "Grease 2's" for each of the "Godfather II". Despite the fact that the original "Oil" is not a big movie, long-running Broadway hit songs in 1977, 1960, with energetic choreography and charming psalms. <br /> <br /> Once Paramount started a follow-up job, manufacturers came to nearly empty space in every direction making an original blockbuster. <br /> <br /> Fortunately for Michelle Pfeiffer filmmakers, this experience survived and clearly learned how to read scripts signing contracts. Her talent and beauty were obvious here, and Pfeiffer expresses embarrassment in dancer-performing dance rhythms and tuneless songs she has to perform. However, Maxwell Caulfield does not even have the ability to express his embarrassment, and his emotions control gamut from top to bottom. What romantic interest on the edge of the hormones could keep Pfeiffer's nakedness at Caulfield? This dull mystery will last for many years, and the barren laughter finishes in the worst. <br /> <br /> Although Lorna Luft is slightly above the barefoot, Eve Arden, Connie Stevens and Sid Cesar have just arrived. The reviewers have complained that the film is missing in comparison with the original "Oil 2". However, even the film taken on its own terms is a piece. All the sediments are exhausted after a bare opening number, which is exhausted in a certain way. Except for a few exceptions, the original songs are less like the 1960s and are only for the nostalgic "Miss Brooks" and "Sid Cesar's Comedy Hour." These jokes are corrected and choreographed in a film shot by choreographer Patricia Birch. However, the worst films are given to the audience and continue to be consistently pursued if they want to drive quickly from smugglers who directly restrict the producers. Unfortunately, "Oil 2" is not accidentally funny. Instead, it captures the viewer's attention as a bad train crash. After the restoration of all corpses, the next stage leads to even worse massacres.
