Terrible Attack Force, then Seagal was the only chance you could have a step with the Fury Flight. He would do some things to stir up the Attack Forces. The anger of the anger is usually a development, but I still think that in a great scheme, mediocre. Mediation is a recent achievement for Seagal, a sad idea because of a decline in movie career. The Attack Force was a hodge-king of Fury Of Flight, with cunning sensitivity, conception change, filmmaking, production. Nobody stole high-tech secret fighters and plans to use it to use chemical weapons (hereafter, we'll discover strangely, destroy the entire world within 48 hours). Seagal has to get the plane back. It's a simple, no annoying sub-plot, and film-gravity conspiracies like most of the film's recent workouts. This is not a story that tells a story, but it's pretty weak. <br /> <br /> <strong> FOF movie is bad at worst. All this is wrong, and Seagal is almost like tears. He has just taken a look at a child who is forced to perform a school-to-child birth job, and thus, at half an hour, always experiencing a constant torment and air. Can you accuse Seagali that the material is so incredible and trivial? Not really. This is the latest film of Castel Studio's multi-layered contract. Producers can promise a budget of 12 or more million dollars (after Seagal's forced $ 5 million), possibly a great set of ups and downs (if the movie is $ 7 million after Elvis Pressley). So why should Seagal make an effort to make a movie before it's broadcast directly? The fan may claim, although at least they should strive. He is seriously suffering and is another indication of the constant use of stands and kiosks. Even though the movie theater is pretty good, Michael Keusch brings some effectiveness, but in all technical areas (and typically a bog standard stunt team with Castel) there is nothing but mediocrity, and there is nothing to help the film go upstairs and brittle man. <br /> <br /> Seagal has several action scenes that touch other symbols. <br /> <br /> In general, the move is not too bad. It's nice and intense and sometimes you're curing a few vintage bad Seagal beatings, but nothing special is special. Partially poor stunt crew and lack of time to make something very complicated or exciting. For me, the Shadow Man was a more pleasing movie, because unusual, confused, while ignoring the plot line, was more at the center stage of vintage Seagal moments and more. The film never disappeared for a long time. Seagal is strangely disappeared during an action scene here and re-emerges with little explanation. There are too many healthcare available. Use of stock shots is not a terrible thing, but uses it as a goal. By increasing the number of seafarers, we always treat shameless ships. Moreover, the sustainability of the scene images is everywhere (just check backgrounds, trim and change them). <br /> <br /> The film is just in the middle of the road. All of this says that the best scene in the movie is absolutely useless and a free girl on the girl scene with two hot naked ones. Seagal feels even in a short time! In general, it can be one of those who are well-grounded on the facts, but that does not mean much. This would satisfy many fans, but Seagal wanted to forget about his existence. **
