General Tom Barnes (Angus MacInnes) is an X-77 unmanned test flight with a new secret fighter jet that can not be seen invisible. General Barnes is a senior pilot, Colonel Ratcher (Steve Toussaint), and Ramser flies in northern Afghanistan until the X-77 disappeared, bringing him to a terrorist group known as Black Bazaar, Peter Stone (Vincenzo Nicoli) who plans to use the X-77, The US is planning to throw some bombs that are not coincidental and kill a large number of people. General Barnes is concerned about the loss of a plane and a man John Sands (writer and executive producer Steven Seagal) sends it back to kill him and kill all the bad guys in the process ... <br /> <br /> This is a joint venture between America, Britain and Romania Michael Keusch directed and Seagal was the third film directed by Terrible Shadow Man (2006) and Attack Force (2007). a community that works and does not have doubts has gratitude for the cooperation between these two co-operation. As you can see, the Fury Flight is a scene in the form of a scene called Black Thunder (1988), starring Michael Dudikoff. but I have to admit that I have never seen Black Thunder and therefore can not compare two. The fury of anger is a terrible film, and Seagal's specialization is weak and writing time. Although it's not slow, it's full of clichés, but things are casual, the field is poor, there's nothing behind the scenes, and a full-fledged product is being pursued anywhere near Afghanistan, or any military action is being pursued. <br /> <br /> Movement scenes are naked and there is no real excitement to it, the devil is as bitter as the heroes, and it is prepared by the worst Seagal. <br /> <br /> The flight of the anger is even compatible with one another that can change the background, the change of clothes of the people, field changes, the sky and the film quality are changing very suddenly because we are better than others (better) Hell, Seagal such a plane will not go anywhere. Movement scenes have been created in a very bad way, it is difficult to say who is who and who, of course, has destroyed the Seagal peoples' weapons. IMDB believes that it was a budget of about $ 12 million, which I think is the total trash, where almost all the money went? Fury Flight, a land desert scenario in Afghanistan, seemed to have been pulled out of my native forest, it was originally built in Romania and Romania's villages are not a credible Afghanistan. <br /> <br /> The fury of the anger is boring, amateurish and, at least, the scene for another movie scene. Why not worry more about Seagal than another really lazy and weak production tension?
