As it is known, "a city on the hill can not hide itself" and Mt. Davidson, 6200 m west of Tahoe, is the best example or should be in the context of the film. Virginia City exploded like a golden and silver shower in America's imagination, and in the same year began a Civil War. This was the place where he was the dean of American letters; Samuel Clement, a young singer, began using the name "Mark Twain" and became America's most famous writer. This is the place where the great Hearst riches were born and is the start of John Mackay, one of the richest men in the world, America's richest man. Hey, they must have filmed about him! In the 1860s, Virginia was home to all boomtowns, a large bonanza house, once the largest metropolitan area in the east of St. Louis, and east of San Francisco. But Virginia City (film) releases all this and learns more about a hogwash North / South duello among the characters starring Errol Flynn and Randolph Scott. Flynn Capt. Kerry Bradford is played by a Peace Officer, Scott, who is a POW in a consular camp conducted by a Middle Confederation Command called Capt Vance Irby. These two are always at the forefront of each other. Bradford is trying to stop a shipping flee and then a "bully" who is "snuck" by the "other" than the gold bullion VC. . . Irby! "Hey, what's working here?" Terrible. Bogart plays a funny Mexican robber who can not decide on who's on his side. Miriam Hopkins, the city's first lady Julia Bulette, plays a dark character called "Julia Hayne", a historical lange of a real-life prostitute. He goes to Washington and talks with Honey Abe and Bradford (not Irby) to save money and blah blah. Go to the number. They hanged the writers. "In real life," Tvin says, when the sun was on the last day of the war, Mt. Davidson will be in a strange way to the fascinated residents, with a similar attraction to the film. Three days later, they discovered that the South was blamed. An interesting quirk in the film, Alan Hale and Guin Williams, are trying to speed up their pistols or shoot bullets faster when shot. Not a bad idea for the movie. The same kind of philosophy, cover the stalk and corn over the film. Gosh, golden madness in silver mines, wealth riches, arms battles, Mark Twain fired from the city and the beaten track, the Opera House fire, Artemis Ward, Bulette's funeral, Chinese tongs, black halls, Auction. . ? All this on a mountain covered by the desert? The truth was not true. The magnificent wealth has really led to the massive American genocide? Yes, if you count this movie, it would be the first mistake to quit Virginia. This is a disappointment for the Virginia City supporters because the city's "illusory city" is badly grounded. . . Okay, there's an entertaining movie out there. Flynn and the band are always great, regardless of destroying any date. If Flynn just played rotten self, I would double my rating.
