Sam Peckinpahın most powerful Wild Bunch (1969) cinematography graphic images of angry ultra-violence, opened the door, the camera directing the talented (if the whiskey-marinalı) hand and had a story really attractive with symbols from the depths <br /> <br /> Peckinpanın Destanı there were a large number of imitators away from the defined criteria, and SOLDIER BLUE would definitely fall into this category. <br /> <br /> OPERATING blew er, BLUE faulun tells the story of a New Yorker Cresta Lee (Candice Bergen), Cheyenne, the "captivity" two-year "recovery" proto-hippie chick, and now she is a blonde, not only with her fiance will be sent to a united fortress. He wants to get married for the money. In the wagon on the wagon, the government must send the gold, Cheyenne needs to buy a gun, and soon the soldiers are killed and run to the Cresta mountains, along with Honus Gant (Peter Strauss). the only surviving cavalry. Calling Gant's nickname "Soldier Blue," Cresta points out that "savage" spent years in a good way, with survival skills, solid thought and conscious balls, on top of Gant and continued on to the castle. elements, a Kiowa team of enemies, an unscrupulous merchant? where he says something played by Donald Pleasance, one of the most funny performances in the world? <br /> <br /> Some were contrary to each other's tradition of romantic comedies created in the previous west. <br /> <br /> During their misadventures two interactions are inevitable? and nearly? attracted to each other and finally got it? Does Gant have a freshly clean bullet wound cleaned from his feet? undoubtedly could do something really spiffy with such a primo, who did not say anything from Cheyenne, who was just not cramped in the cave where it was conveniently located for at least twelve miles radius, chimpanzers, mountain lions, or who knew who it was I think again with NYC real estate terms). Understanding that their love can never grow beyond the cave, Cresta leaves Gantie and combines only the fortune itself, for example, for example, firefighting Gant; The regiment needs all the necessary staff to start an attack on the nearby Cheyenne village, and once proves that Cresta has gone through the darkness of her husband and makes it straight to Cheyenne to warn the future. <br /> <br /> What happens next? all crafty misadventures and disputes only in 1864 Sand Creek Massacre, rape, torture and "the country, keep it clean" out in the name of sadistic bad pain again, perplexed reenactment of a major was not involved and was released, nearly forty years later, this consistency is still terrible aggression concerned for and makes it worse. When the children fall below the closed tyrants over horses or bayonets, are unarmed people left headless? a nice effect, should I accept? women were robbed and fugged by robbing barefooted, then harassed and abused? an ugly native woman struggles with a lot of people, so it is decided to cut off the herdsman instead of his aggressor, and we thank God that you can see that the camera starts running before the act of another betrayal. and many innocent people were hit and split, fragments of fragments hit the pikes and shaken at the Victory Day, or kept as most gift items. No joke, this scene would immediately accept the NC-17 rating, and do not tell the local American interest groups to force them to go out into the streets with an incredible method of exploitation. <br /> <br /> For the West, I am for all westerners, not to be ashamed of how honest the imagery of the West is, but what the movie wants to be like; one minute of local treatment completely effektivləsdiyi (of course, duh!) how hard əldəqayla argument is made, then the Cresta himself a five-time human Gant proving that sexual individuals, light-hearted war, and Donald Pleasance, buck-tooth denture with a reluctant (?) happy couple emerged with giving his heroes, how it works, and realized his delightful red coat Poncho (no undies) with hot tries to look, but it all goes out the window, no place to go, a sub-plan his murderous signs to run, it's all of the above apocalyptic summit reach. These pipes would be good for any related movie, but the latter result is a lack of evidence in the past 10 minutes, as if they were worth the film presentation and poster pictures. <br /> <br /> Amma bütün izləyicilər üçün hər şey olmağa çalışmaqla, SOLDIER BLUE, ehtimal ki, yaxşı niyyətli siyasi düzəldici olan, uyğunsuz, nəvaziş Mulligan güvəsi kimi başa çatır, lakin əgər onlar Sandın hekayəsini izah edərlərsə Dağı Kütləsi, Murphy Brown Is it not a good idea to have some Indian characters more than those who are in the mouth? We do not know anything about the people who are destined for things that seem to be just a breath-taking tool to make filmmakers longing to see the "most fierce film in history." If you were interested in provocative ads, like me, and if they were to say "I was not brave" because they almost dipped in the shower, take my words and SOLDIER BLUE slowly into the cinematic darkness.
