<br /> <br /> The World Trade Organization has become one of the few countries in the world. Things like massive disaster occur in messages, and then the scientist finds that a major earthquake in the radio occurs in China. He begins to think that messages are related to disasters in the world, because he tries to understand who has received messages (and who sends a message to space). He and his wife eventually find that messages come from a temple. They are visiting. Everything seems normal, so it is played by the spiritual priest Christopher Lee. But the scientist is resolute and believes that messages actually come from this temple. He and his wife are secretly going back to hiding behind foreigners hiding as monks and nuns. They are held against their own will, and Lee's proud scientists are compelled to acquire something they need to return to their planet. After being a foreigner's special element, foreigners go from one to the other, on a sticky-looking transport platform. Lie says that because of the left edge of the edge, the pair will be destroyed because of the foreigner's hockey decision. Lee went through the vehicle and went on. Couple looking at monitors showing scenes of natural disasters all over the world, and decides to follow foreigners. Due to the destruction of the earth, the couple does not see a point behind the rear, so they go by means of the vehicle and disappear. The film's final filming is the explosion of a papier mache planet. The last one. <br /> <br /> This is also the case. <br /> <br /> I have never seen such a boring movie in my life. This is the most unfounded movie I've ever had. The scientist and his wife are the worst heroes or heroes on the screen. They do not think about anything. They see surface disasters on the monitors and decide what kind of "heckin" they need? They do not even have to try to stop them or make things even better. This kind of story may have worked in the movie, though it had a great sense of doom, but there was no movement and atmosphere. Actors and the nation can feel almost behind these dark glimmers as they look at themselves, punishing their cards and returning to work. <br /> <br /> Christopher Lee asked what he had done for the worst movie he had ever done before: "I did not expect much from this movie because it was a production of Charles Bant, but I did not expect it to be bad." and he noted STARSHIP INVASIONS. Yes, sorry for Chris, but STARSHIP INVASIONS was really funny. STARSHIP INVASIONS is terrible, but pretty entertaining. THE END OF THE WORLD IS BETTER THAN EVERYTHING, the worst is the worst: no entertainment is worthless, it is elegant and ineffective.
