If a book's book seems to be meaningless and incomprehensible, the cause can always be found in the book: either it is meaningless to start, or the point is not easily conveyed to a movie, or it's the easiest, especially dotted point, easily identifiable. The Morvern Callar book is a point; Every reader of the book had to feel and felt it; but I suspect that most of them can not. I'm not sure I can do it myself, but maybe this or something like: Things are coming, things are gone, life is going on, but we continue; or there are people like Morvern in any way. Undoubtedly, more researchers can create a better idea. But it is important that there is a story - the total amount of story is probably the point and the main thing to catch and hold this story to fit. The creators of this film missed the point and did not replace one; <br /> <br /> This book is not a usual complaint of a book lover whose favorite text is broken. The price of the book made me angry: when I read it, I found a bloody anxiety and found an opportunity to hit the author and finish it correctly. This is a work of artistic semi-knowledge Morvern, but this illusion is literally destroyed by literary effects, as if the writer picks cotton with it; Different styles and tones have been created at different times in different periods; According to any results available to Morvern, he did not know what the author intended and did not do: for example, although Morvern himself describes himself, I am wrong that he eventually remains a working class Scottish girl and his generation of music does not matter. In any case, despite the irritation in the article, he did not deny that his book was tied to me; and I could not get out of it, the position of his character was as bright as the portrait of Goya in the world. Morvern is always a person who is in a very funny and terrible way; sometimes invites them, but often builds themselves like flies, so most of their lives are a kind of mind, gentle friction, unconscious, practical and unconscious philosophy, and this is just starting to describe this idiosyncratically. The complex of events and Morvernin's answers to them are the essence of the book, and its accomplishments would be difficult to clarify anything else in exposing a part of the existence; <br /> <br /> According to Morvain, the film is not Morvern; or not, most of them remain outside of it. An actress who could be a good adaptation for the character, if he was right at the right time, Angharad Rees from the old TV series Poldark. Then Samantha Morton seemed to be a good cast: he played more than one actress and one of his previous films, a girl with a few editions in "Jesus Christ". Unfortunately, after leaving the movie, there is no character that can play from the book. For one thing, if the book is dramatized, it tells the audience the main character for monologues; without losing his interpretation, he loses most of his perspective, voice, story. The adapter has a lot more loss than its comic and horrible elements: the most memorable events from the book are restricted before they go grotty, and Morvern's answer (fun or terrible, no matter its mood) is missing and there is no reason to have events already. In short, the filmmaker chose to make a breathtaking, sophisticated series of romance novels into a delicate art movie, and featured in a figuratively shaded melancholy, Ms. He chose the typical look of the mortar; The trip was a tour of Signature Cross Stations for Morvern. It was not what the book or the Morver book was about. For anything else, the movie Morvern is not Scottish (he said in an interview that had not taken time to accentuate the actress), and he must: he is important to his family and his friends all from one place. And finally, there is no end to the movie story: Morwer's all that he has spent in the dark darkness: winter, roof, frozen, power, and the pub is dark. Minus is all about this and all the rest, a failed film of art, a dead film, about who has the power, the power to give up, or to bring it to the dead.
