At the start of the movie, you can double check the DVD cover and read it several times, but do not worry. Not the "Geisha's Memories" you bought; Only one familiar film has no other rights but being more stylish and stylish. Opening is the best thing about the whole film, as it still shows how a Samurai sword master in 1840 captured his taste. He forgave two lovers before doing anything (before committed suicide in ritual revenge). The US ambassador to Japan welcomes a friend of his family and leads them to the same home during a massacre about half a century ago. Since then, it has turned into a depression of the house, but it's still a bit flawless and unfounded. Let's start with the good aspects, namely the original Japanese setting and my all-time favorite British horror wench (well, together with Britt Eckland, Linda Hayden and Ingrid Pitt), the presence of tasty Susan George. The bad points are simply a mystery of the scenario, that they go beyond repair, and the laughter they are talking about is filled with unreasonable curves. The terrible spirits of the house begin to entertain themselves sooner or later, by spitting into the corpse of new tenants and telling them all the things that cause them. The murdered adulterous soul is shaken by Susan's immorality and transforms it into a mute dance. In this "possessed" state, he compels the American ambassador to engage in a high society full of celebrity guests in the garden of the party of the listeners. So, it is a serious matter, living at home is not really "bad"; ugly minds and long-term hands, only a triple disappointment at a very long time! Certainly, these scenes are more funny than scary, especially when clear and clear images are reminiscent of the ghost effects that are now popular with Ghostbusters. "The House of the House Distributed" is probably the least scary ghost movie. Most of the time of the study was directed by Kevin Connor ("Motel Hell" and "Beyond the Grave"), deliberately filming comic and coincidentally - Maybe like "Motel Hell". But still, everyone continues to speak their lines with a flat and sincere face in the cast, so we are serious about everything and we'll be upset. The "home in the east" is never stagnant or even distant, and does not include any flawless illustrations, except the beginning of the massacre. I know exactly how much the sound is sounded, but the two scenes that Susan George faces are just moments. Yes, he and perhaps his daughter occupied the bastard in the bedroom and the ridiculous multi-dimensional spiders (or they crabs?). How totally casual and irrational was it? <br /> <br /> If you decide to give this movie a chance despite its bad reputation, make sure you leave your mind and thoughts in your tree. <br /> <br /> Importance for miracles that protects horror: The mask was also part of a spectacular Japanese horror classic Onibaba scene.
