The film opens with a peaceful layout of the traditional Japanese house, sitting on the edge of a small hill and completed with a roofed roof visible under the screen title "KUSHIATA KYOTO, JAPAN 1840". Masanori, a Japanese young Samurai (Toshia Maruyama), opens the door to the house, is a Masanori teacher from Otomi (Mako Hattori) and Shugoro (Tsiyukuki Sasaki, Toshiyuki Sasaki), who works behind her husband. Shugoro suddenly arrives home and connects his spouse and student to a very close relationship. His pride was cruelly killed before the Samurai had committed suicide, as well as the Otami and Masanori. A century later, Ted Fletcher (Edward Albert) came to Japan with his wife Laura (Susan George) and their younger daughter, Amy Barrett. The close friend of the American consul, Alex Curtis (Doug McClure), helps them find a place, and I do not need you! He says with jokes that it is so cheap that both Ted and Laura are laughing because obviously they do not believe in the ghosts. The film immediately goes to the cliché mode. Lights are opened and dropped by themselves, Laura feels anxiety over the place, and local Zen Monk (Henry Mitowa), of course, warns them to abandon them before they ignore. The spirits of the Otami, Masanori and Shugoros have been condemned to eternity, because the magic witches (Tsuyako Olajima) put a plaque on their curse. But, unfortunately, the Fletcher family may be potentially a way to disrupt the curse that can be spent on their marriage, daughter and even their lives. <br /> <br /> I was guided by Kevin Connor, this was a pretty medium movie, okay to watch once, there is something better, but you'll be completely forgotten after a day or two. There's nothing particularly bad about memory, and on the other hand there's nothing particularly good about the movie. Written by Robert Suhosky, a novel by James Hardiman, resembles a lot of disappointments in the film and on the horizon, and in the film, but none of them is very interesting and interesting, and does not help the things. Amy and his carers have clever sequences like giant plastic crabs who want to buy Noriko (Mayumi Umeda). And Zen Monk has a scene from the house and ghosts are unable to come back, but Ted is simply unlocking the door and they are just right to walk back some exorcism, right back! What's more, I thought it was bad for Doug McClure to be 47 years old, try to try his hand at the Kung Fu and the oriental sword fight! A few paints with a large pain and milk glue are taken to ensure that the covers are not below the waist nose, though it takes several times his wide breasts, including a very unerotic sex scene with George McClure. You can not talk about any blood, snow, or violence, except for some closed images. "Transparent" ghost effects are good, but these days will not affect many people. This professionalism was well-prepared and pretty good, but this movie could have been determined without changing anything in America, England, or any other Western country because Japan's setting and myths were wasted. But for a while.
