In the 1930s, I saw a vogue that attracted the attention of primitive animals, exotic terrain and primitive cultures for documentary films about the world's distant corners. Despite the fact that a film crew was transported to a distant and dangerous place and then returned (filmed), these films were more expensive than the traditional Hollywood features ... because no expensive sets, costumes and precious movie stars. <br /> <br /> The most successful producers of such films (both feature and financially) are Martin E. Johnson and his wife Osa, with several documentary events in Africa and Asia. Johnson's safari films are extremely popular and encourage many parodies ... especially by Wheeler & Woolsey's "So That Africa", this very sexy Esther Muir's Ms. Johnson-Martini (instead of Martin E. Johnson) , geddit?). Though some other filmmakers have also produced safari documentary films, the Johnsons films are the most popular in this genre because they were humorous. This is a clear flaw in the Johnsons documentary, which is more clear to me than I am (hopefully): there are many scenes that are designed to look at the full audience of funny little brown or yellow men, who are easily displaced by white bwana Johnson and his wife. <br /> <br /> One of these films is Osa Johnson's participation. Ten years younger than her husband, she seems young enough to be her daughter. <br /> <br /> Congorilla's shooting is probably the best of Johnsons movies. Congo shooting is interesting and in 1930 it is of historical value as evidence for what this environment is. Pygmies and other local people are also interested in filming, although the best (and funniest) scene in Johnsons' Congorilla is an improvised sequel to Osa Johnson trying to teach some pygmy women the jazz dance . (Dancing Black Bottom, less ... Bob Hope famously teaches Daisy and Violet Hilton to dance the same dance.) Boots, riding boots and a trash helmet, Osa Johnson, begins scat reading, high steps in attempting to teach African women this dance throws and closes his knees. By the way, they just wondered why this clever white woman was working. This is a very funny scene, but it is unpleasantly weak. Osa Johnson is a dance invented by black Americans: it is a must have black Africans instinctively follow this dance after a bloodless demonstration (using a natural rhythm). Because they are in their blood or something. <br /> <br /> I'm going to evaluate Congorilla's 10 to 4 points. This film talks a bit about African life in the 1930s and gives more information about American cultural perceptions over the same decade.
