Oh, my dear Lord, how was this part of the world accepted by anyone? Starts cooking cheese from start to finish, but not good cheese. There is one of the most terrible, tasty, delicious cheeses and I do not really believe there is anyone who truly loves it. Yes, if you see the burden of drunk / stoned friends, some bits can only be sad, but for the rest of the audience, entertaining portions are exposed and exposed to insulting and offensive humiliating groups. on each other and on the screen. I watched some funny guys, and there were a few beers to prepare for the screaming in the movie's anticipated betrayal. We have crapiness (plenty), but not chuckles. It is not even considered a bad-dog-good movie. It's just bad. Very, very bad. Here's why (face-to-face when you're spoilerphobic): The film begins with a guy who has killed a boy. Okay, I was late for a few minutes, but why it did not happen, but I thought that "this guy is a mistake", you do not want to talk to the master behind the scenes. Oh, and a boy is a witness. So it's already our ultra bad guy and wussy but cute (looks) good guy. Cue Hero. Big Sam takes steps on the stage for ordinary fashion, just because the good man's convincing evidence is that only the poorest movies, Hero, have immunity to bullets, and everyone falls somewhere else. Cue's first area hole. This bloody paradise Sammy knew where he was or was watching the crime. Perhaps this and all of my cunning questions were explained 2 minutes before I entered the movie, but I'm skeptical. In fact, I will not stop throwing in the area, so the film looks like Swiss cheese (we all know good cheese). So "plot" (a very generous word). The good man should go to LA, not a bad guy, he would not miss, Hero Sam stands between the two sides. Passenger plane - Cue decoration for the hour which causes the next vomiting. As I said, do not spend more on space, I will leave. Passenger airplane. From now on, a film is a vital part of a ship missing from this ship and doing it all - Snakes. Summer! Oh, stop. First, we have access to all the necessary symbols that must be made of a compulsory film. Warm, juvenile couples (how they can die), formerly dead-snakes, and even the English man (this frustrating Brits, eh?), Lovely children and Jo Brand. All of you are an English comic, famous for its size and ugliness. Now, if you're familiar with casting, kill the bride (of course, beloved children). Do not wait for the original thing, only the snake bites in the various, and even increasingly, cheerful parts of the body. <br /> <br /> So most of the film is the best bit now for the end. As expected, everything is as happy as the plane lands that are visible to everyone on the face. Yep, includes Ice-cool Sammy. But wait, we're still out on the plane! The last person to go out is a good man, but something like that is about to be bitten by a snake. Obviously, Mr. Jackson's hair has been hidden all the time, as long ago, despite the good hero's 200-meter constrictor, he could resist the scheme of air pressure put on a good hero (this frustrating British crisis). So Sam shoots him and the snake breaks in one. At this point, I expressed my conviction that the film is a very necessary turn and that the hero is actually a sort of traitor. But no. The cake was a kind of icing (but with the old cheese, I remember), the peaks of the film appeared to be engaged in a bulletproof vest. <br /> <br /> 10 years ago, as one thinker put in 2006 alone, their inventions went beyond me, but he did a great job of completing the film. <br /> <br /> In fact, we have not done enough yet. Everyone has time to pick up a good man and hero after everyone has taken his face with a sucker (Sam Uncle, a leading actress, a good man with Tiffany, a wonderful white girl clash black boy, and a necklace warm warmth ladder). ... in Bali! On the contrary, it was not exciting, and when I saw the sign of respect, credit repayment, I had to represent my happiness. Yes, the final filming is a festive surfing trip to convey a message of several men's relationships and is a chance for any moron who really likes the movie a few times. This is so. Once I started to review the film for the first time, but I felt like someone should speak against this scandal of cinematography. If you like airplanes, snakes, Samuel L.Jackson, air hostesses, bad guys, surfers, dogs in bags or English people, please do not watch this movie. It will still pollute all of the above, and you will never want to contact them. See United 93 instead. THIS was good.
