The more I analyze this movie, the worse it is. First, why is a motivational speaker? This part was just foolish. I want to say why is a megalomaniac trusting a speaker who wants to dominate the world? Is Alexander Stone really unbearable? First, he can not decide what to do to control the world, so he looks at the Bible for ideas. I can add many of these ideas to the fact that there was no reliability (for example, the houses of Ismail and Isaac could have been part of a terrorist's clash). Krystalnacht could have burned synagogues, mosques could have been blown up in Baghdad or something. ) And Gillen Lane's family! There was nothing else to do with the platfroder and the eyes of the family! I can add that Casper van Dien / Gillen Lane has a ten-year-old child only in the twentieth year (or my impression he is), and he has caught a child in a high school. Yes, TBN's family values ​​are going. And why should this movie be so damn propaganda? I will repeat what happened earlier. Indiana Jones flicks uses Christian mythology as a plot of dance, and we are drunken, manipulate it. This movie does not do that. Beginning Michael Ironsides begins a good game by killing a scientist and stealing a dead boy's Omega Code. When the two prophets confronted him openly, two men told him, "Tell us you have that we are here!" He says. Dominic (Ironsides) answers "He already know" and a small surveillance camera. This part of me voted for me. It was just like a scene, and I loved this movie. I'm going to give Michael York a credit: Michael does a great job to do his character like Ironsides. But good guys are terrible. I have already talked about Lane's family <br />. Now I think I'm on the actor, and I will be set up. This is a Baptist movie, as it is portrayed as a praise of the beloved Pope of Vatican. The world ruled me, and I found it imaginative and exquisite, because the movement schemes were thrilled and well done. Also a diatribe against the Vatican, their leaders are considered dogmatically thoughtful because Gillen explains that the Pope is not the end of this world, but a new beginning, because the Vatican (or Israelis) used the Omega Code to control the world from the World Union. Whoever, no matter, would not be alone, they would send commandos and kill them. This is the KQB's killing of the president and "We will not want to talk more about you!" He knows America. Come on! They talked about seeing bombers on their way to Israel and seeing them again on the monitor. In short, short.
