Victor Vargas's Development: A Review <br /> <br /> As you know, the rise of Viktor Vargas is like placing your hands on a large bowl of oatmeal. It's warm and elegant, but you're not sure if it feels right. No matter how hot and elegantly Viktor Varga raised, I know that something does not really feel good. Viktor Vargas has a certain advantage over the part of the director. Apparently, the director believed that the ethnic background of the Latin-American family and the idyllic storyline would be critically acclaimed. He was right, but he did not deceive me. Victor Vargas's story is about a child of a seventeen-year-old who, as you can imagine, was Viktor Vargas (Victor Rasuk), who lived in his teens, Rolling Stones, more than anything he could do in all years. The movie "Outrageous Oil" began in Donna's bedroom. Victor is convinced that he is deceived, but when his best friend Harold (Kevin Rivera) arrives, a cry from abroad breaks his plans. Harold and his sister Viktor Vargas tried to control the damage. Even in a shameful way of saying that he has the most beloved girl in the neighborhood, the young Viktor does not want to go for plain fresh meat. Warm, in a day in New York, Victor's eyes are just beautiful, but go to the local public pool, watching the Judy Marte family in a lovely and independent paradise. Relationships between Victor and Judy are at the center of the film. The story is also played by Victor's family, his grandmother or abuelita (Altagracia Guzman), his brother Nino (Victor, Silvestre Rasuk) and his sister Vicky (Krystal Rodriguez). The action is Victor between the scenes with Judy and his scenes with his family. <br /> <br /> The problems arising from the rise of Viktor Vargas are a few, but obvious mistakes. Throughout the film, you know some of the characters such as Vicky, Nino, Nena, Judy and even Judy's best friend, Melonie. The problem is that Viktor Vargas does not know anything, except the largest gigolo in the neighborhood. We know that it is a lie to lie down and swallow her daughter and turn her daughters into sacks, but that's all. We know that Nino plays piano, is quietly well, and you can see it with the family piano's awards. We know that his sister Nicki is a girl who loves a gossip invested in television watching. We know that grandmother is a traditional Latina woman who wants to raise her children in a more conservative way in the world of corruption. But Viktor Vargas, a title character? This movie is somewhere, but we only know what the movie is. This is the biggest flaw in the film. Victor Vargas is very characteristic, not a ping-pong ball, jumping between scenes with Judy and his grandmother, but we do not know who Victor Vargas really is. This is important because, as we have noted, one thing we know from Victor Vargas is Manhattan's libido sexually active young man. He is a total Alpha-man. Victor Vargas is not a character who likes me. Why Should One Be? When the film ends, are we convinced that after the peak, we really believe that Victor Vargas has reached a depth and has learned the mistakes of his ways? How could such a two-dimensional nature be? <br /> <br /> The director of the town of Victor Vargas, the city of Latin, died a bit worried about reminding him of his main character. big screen. In the past, something that was initially shot by several films. The movie made the Iftar because it had real feelings and I did not argue with it. Since CBS has released Survivor, I have not seen the level of that reality. Seriously, though the film has a few beautiful drawings of the city, writer / director Peter Sollett was approaching and dependent on his handshakes. This problem, especially for closed scenes, is claustrophobic that I had to perform deep breathing exercises. As the film continues, the shots are sharp and intense with the faces that are planted on the screen; you can practically make Victor Vargas's cheapest cologne. The general impact is unrealistic. The closed scenes of the inner-city apartments give them a small and cramped look, which is not true. I've been in such apartments; I lived together. They are not beautiful, but they have high ceilings and they are good living spaces. According to the standards of the film, I think these apartments have a 5x5 bricks and strong, threaded paint and walls collapsed. Unfortunately, with Sollett's close friends, and with zoom-in on a scene, the constant use of bad drawings is completely amateuristic. The removal of Viktor Vargas is Sollettin's second film, and we hope he will continue to film well, which has made a strong effort in filming. From a glance I read, the film was finalized as "Ethnicity of Ethnic Identity" and could not agree more. When Victor Vargas is a really great movie and story, the introduction of the characters in Latino, China, etc. Although they are not. But if you took this story and a group of middle-class suburbs - foolish children would not have such brilliant explanations and see the defects of the movie more clearly. Indeed, some other aspects of using Latinos in this movie worry me. Though some of Viktor Vargas's features are accurate, I have to ask. For example, Victor, Nino and Vicky all lie in the same room. It was an excitement for me, because I believe it did not believe me. Each respected Latino family would not have two siblings sharing the same room with a twelve-year-old girl. At first I was not sure, maybe I was wrong, but after talking with my grandmother, I knew that I knew this problem. <br /> <br /> Given that my grandmother was conservative, like a Latino who grew up with my mother and grew up in some important conservative Cuban home, I thought that she would sleep in her room. full-time work, I can connect the film in many ways, so my critical views are not finished because I really like this movie. Unfortunately, disrespect to Victor Vargas sabotaged my feelings for me. Maybe Victor Vargas recalled his children when he was seven when I was playing with Sega Genesis. Perhaps because without any self-confinement of the film, Viktor Vargas only stereotypes of warm-blooded Latino, only shouting at the daughters of the car, "Hey bay, my luv Mah-Cheen, I do not like him in two ways, How can I love a movie about him? So you will forgive me and I will put my hand on a coffin crust. <br /> <br />
