I have never been an eye-catcher of the Timsah Hunter, but sometimes I've seen a episode or an episode and, of course, when I got to the news about Steve Irwin's death in 2006, of course. This film was released in 2002 with Steve and his wife, Terry, playing with themselves but with a fictional story, but a few years later I did not hear about it, even after a while to see me around. Well, now I've seen it, and after looking at the first time (more than once) and seeing its rating, I was surprised at how striking the ICT was, though it was. As you can see, there is a comedy, so a big problem is not all that funny. <br /> <br /> The US satellite signals fall from space and land in Australia. swallowed by a crocodile! Steve and Terry Irwin are a mission to catch a crocodile farmer, Brozzie Drewittin, from a place where he is exposed to terrorism, and if he does not know what's inside, two CIA agents are sent to Australia !! Joe Buckley helps agents and farmers and dogs make their mission even more difficult! Steve's and Terry's mission is not just crocodile, they're facing some other dangerous wildlife, and after seeing Steve CIA agents, there's nothing unusual in the crocun that makes them wrong for poachers! <br /> <br /> When I was watching this movie, I just did not laugh, Steve Irwin, who actually smiled to scare one of the CIA agents, used a big snake. At the same time, I do not even think that I have not found anything soft. At the same time, the CIA headquarters appear as clips from Australia's Outback and "Crocodile Hunter" and are united by a mix of tension (or something like that) for a single reason. In addition, the mix is ​​a French scene where it's funny, like Brozzie Drewitt, who appears from somewhere else and played by Magda Szubanski. At one point, we see his farting, so we have a fart joke, there is a basic cliché of modern comedy! Do they have difficulty resisting? With Steve's crocodile wrestling and other dangerous creatures, I found the typical "Crocodile Hunter" scenes to get tired of talking to the audience, but I was not a fan of the show that never helped. <br /> <br /> Steve Irwin admired as many conservatives and, unfortunately, they are abducted, who say they are involved with nature and have come to him. Whatever you are, "Crocodile Hunter: Conflict Course" is not a well-prepared movie. I'm sure you're a big fan of Steve Irwin, but if so, there is no guarantee that you want this movie because some fans have not been clearly impressed. In fact, it seems that some of these movies are worse than I am, maybe this can not help. As I said, there is no guarantee. If you think of Steve Irwin and his show, this movie was unnecessary. On the contrary, an attempt to combine something in the "Crocodile Hunter" with a fictional story has, unfortunately, failed, and an audience can see this movie more than ninety minutes!
