From the very start, this movie was terrible! Why was this bad? Not only naked women, but also a dental surgeon's experience, not just a decent plastic surgeon, but also a release of Colgate whitening! Then there is a "crazy" old boy in the gas station that is not even bare, but more "I'm not sure how to move directly, so I'm not going to wait straight and shouting about robots in something in the woods as if I were as fools as possible! "Then go back to those bare nymphs that need gingivitis ... as you can see, without touching you ... and by the opening area .... they can cause a bad red rash on your neck. I was thinking of being a missing bull, but it looks like it does some TCP. Then there is Sophie Holland playing Ally, I have not worked so baaaaaad, he is more than "to me if I do not have fun, I do not want to do it too I'm not a cow in the planet, I'm shy, small, and if I do not let things go I'll do it! ", a kind of person ... reminiscent of more than 6 years old girl's attitude. On the other hand, I do not think I should mention the terrible camera angles that reminded me of Blair's Witch or what Huddle's low budget was when he was actually hacking at Judd's 'locked' door! This movie is absolutely funny! If it were an omission, it would have been successful ... but only a horror film was just a mistake! I could not describe everything that I left in this movie! It's fun to watch Andrew's dripping raspberry juice, when Andrew opens his mouth when Tom's Savini's character is completely blind to the two hidden beneath the table on the direct line! It was even funnier when one thought they could escape the tractor from the god they were thinking, as we all know, there is the number one hate machine behind you since the god can curse! So, are they so far away? And how many people know that they can open their wrist and then move at speeds as nothing happens! No pain, no loss of blood loss, nothing! But a year later, most of the time (and I mean exactly the meaning), Molly still charms the forest after fleeing the nymphs, and then Shaun Hutson chooses it ... of course, without a line to propagate his books! (of course, he is one of my fav writers), but he did not give a clue as to how and why and why ... and how Hutson was putting him to death, and then we went to the mad guy suddenly, For a reason, we can walk around the forest after a 'striking' performance of why no one should initiate there for any reason ... Crazy petrol whilst entering everywhere, have fun with nymphs and have a little fun just touching each other. ... and finally reads the movie! My result ... If you have not already figured out ... definitely trash! No one was properly thinking, everyone who wanted to shoot the camera needed it ... and it came to think, so 99% of this game was left! It could have been decent if it was right behind the director, actor and budget. But once again down the budget is English scary movies, but the rest of the genre, the shame of the country and the English movie industry! (And I'm not English, I'll allow it)! In fact, only a decent and exciting part of the film is, first and foremost, 15-20 minutes. All that I think of is why "Jesus Christ in Heaven" is why he is like someone who testifies to his cousin? "But, unfortunately, I can not release the film after watching it, and then I had to watch Dusk Til Dawn, just reminded me of Tom's saviine to act well." If he had a choice for 0/10, I've chosen woulda, and this movie is not worth it even if I gave it! <br /> <br /> But this is just my opinion, look and decide for yourself.
