Cats Curse, along with Judd (Daniel Maclagan), Molly (Nicole Petty) and Andrew (David Hood), begins with five young friends, brother and sister Emilio (Richard Cambridge) and Ally (Sophie Holland), a week long strike 'but not their words. In any case, they are in a depth before they know it, and Emilio runs in an inadequate capacity (Frances Da Costa), and a minibus that travels with a man seriously injured will not start and they will not get any signal on their mobile phones. When they need to find help in finding a home Molly & Judd begins to fall when darkness and darkness are when they need to find out that they are not alone and there is something bad in the woods ... <br /> <br /> This is English production Johannes Roberts Written and managed by the IMDb and looking at several other comments and reviews here, Damned's Forest seems to share some of the ideas and not the others but personally. The screenplay is sent to Roberts on screen, but here is the list of Joseph London with the "additional scenario material" on the IMDb, the main backwoods such as Texas Holdings Massacre (1974), the main contactless faceless teenager, is a slasher-type thing, but the victim goes out and uses the fascinating understanding of the angels who are killing and killing people for a reason that does not make them happy for any reason. Then there is Steven, never played by any fantastic Tom Savini, never giving any reason. Do you have to sacrifice for the angels? If so, why did he kill Andrew? The story is very soft, it does not feel like a movie properly. The poor character, the lack of dialogue, and the lack of any important story do not care about anything that is happening or what's happening. <br /> <br /> If director Johannes does not do anything special, watch it is not a particularly stylish and flash movie. There are some good horror scenes and Tom's Savini's character is great when it's on the screen (though Judd Molli has not heard the door with an ax when he runs away) and is a shame when killed. There are a few decent scenes here, someone has been hit, someone else has exploded, someone is exploded with a shotgun, some have throat, some have lips and some have been shot dead. <br /> <br /> Leila is technically good, good, but nothing is special and not spectacular. It's strangled in England and Wales, and it's pretty strange to see the English setting for many American-themed backward fears. Acting is pretty bad for Savini, which is generally worth the better. Horror writer Shaun Hutson has a shameful group at the end, and he has to prove that he should stop writing too much. <br /> <br /> Damned's forest was a pretty scary movie, maybe there are some fans there. I'm missing something, but I love my movie. Unfortunately, I do not advise you here, except for one or two decent points.
