This movie really works from an original idea - I have never seen nymphs thrown out of the sky in a horror movie. But doing so is not the smallest one; We are following some guys who decide to go for a walk in the woods for some reason. The forest is inhabited by these nymphs is actually more interesting than any other forest full of rednecks / nutcases / zombies etc; Indeed, monsters make a change in the common horror on the subject of wood. Many films in the first film do not have a single good idea, and this is just one of the brain cells. The only real thing that monsters have brought to the table is the fact that heroes are not a lot of ugly grotesques they want to escape, but a beautiful woman for them. This is as good as a point; but soon becomes boring and the absence of any backyard around the central monsters ensures that the film itself does not pull it out of the category of "fear garbage". <br /> <br /> Since then, Evil Dead has been a fearsome place in the forest areas and despite films like the Blair Witch Project; it still makes for an excellent horror setting. This is one of the main assets of the film, because the forest has created a good impression - the only problem is that the Canaan Forest is not something that does not really feel its goal. Death followers show a lack of imagination and will not help to make all the characters appear to be excessive clichés. Because they are more likely to be killed than waiting for their killings because they can move away. Casting mainly consists of children, but here's a role for Tom Savini; unfortunately, will not have fun in the Special Affiliate section. The only truth that the film belongs to is the nymphs themselves. The naked ladies are forced to look great, and if it were not for them, this movie would be very boring. There is nothing to really recommend this movie; but if you like a daft little horror movie that goes back to the style of a wooden wooden tree, here are some of the pleasures you can find.
