People tried to convince me that he was inspired by the last words he had said of the real serial killing of the premier of this dirty supernatural horror / thriller. While waiting for his execution at the Electrical Department, he claimed that he would return to his soul and continue to commit an endless murder. This, as a rule, is not a very original idea to shoot a horror film. Other low-budget turkeys have implemented the same key role as "House 3", "Shocker" and "Machine in Ghost". In any case, "First Power" ("Pentagram") is not a terrifying effort, but the script pervades the stereotypes and does not lose its true excitement. The film, the obsessive police hero Lou Diamond, is beginning to be full, though the serial killer flicker followed by the maniac, which plays bloody pentagrams on the victims' boxes of Philips's victims. She gets an unexpected relief from the moral environment she plays in the brilliant and unfounded Tracy Griffith. He leads the murderer, but invites him to do it, because it will lead to a great disaster! Thanks to Tess's help, Detective Logan kills and marks the death penalty, but Patrick Channing has made a deal with the devil himself and returns to California's ugly streets to kill more. "The First Force" is very bad when the killer reconstructs the revenge. Instead of using the devil's new powers to destroy the whole world (what I do), the bell simply chooses to play cats and mouse games with nemesis copper. She annoys her as "Buddy-Boy" and has the corpses of Logan's friends and colleagues to deceive her. It is never too elegant or poorly understood, but it is a very weak film because you are constantly faced with déjà-vu feeling. Writer / director Robert Resnikoff shyly uses every horrifying stereo (killer is used as a child), and players' lines can easily be predicted. As you can guess at Griffith's prediction of the future, you only know that he is a ridiculous line at one point of the film. "I say to those who want to live their lives, but my life is a mess." Yawn. The performance of Lou Diamond Philips is fairly enough, but it's hard to get La Bamba's young rebels and the Suspension & Shipping seriously in a serious way. Mykelti Williamson ("Forrest Gump"), Carmen Argenziano ("A Strange Call") and B-movie horror legend David Gale ("Re-Animator") also appear in a small community at the very top.
