Honestly, the concept behind "heroic masters" was something for that. Now, the great time fright scandals given by industry to one more horror, have been all this since. So until you follow some episodes ... Oh boy, really bad TV. Very few budgets do not appear to direct the skaters to directors, but it seems like an example, for example, shooting in HD. For a long story short, it is bad for both artistic and financial reasons. I can not help but compare it with "Crypt to Tales" and M.o.H. episodes really do not stop comparing. TFTC was good, MOH was bad; For me, there are several buttons to explain: TFTC, MOH (50 minutes per episode) was short (25 minutes for each episode), I think that the more intense scenarios that react better, the episode, the mixed and or have less chance of being bored. The TFTC may be the reason why the budget is spent better: the authors have REAL movie composers (very bad if there are no composers in the MOH), REAL actors (in the MOA this is not an unknown actor after an unknown actor), REAL directors and sometimes REAL can help with movie cameras (MOH is shooting HD cameras with many incorrectly selected lens tracks), resulting TFTC episodes from "cinematographic" Michael J. Fox to Tim Roth and real actors from Kyle McLachlan to Kirk Douglas , but there were also backstage composers, Alan Silvestri, Dean Cundey, the writers of high-level scenarios and, in this sense, each "Tale" was his original film. Compared to TFTC, "Masters of Horrors" is a totally bare approach to the horrors of television. If your cinematography standards are moderate, it's hard to see because it's not as bad as any ugly television series, if not bad. Usually during the first 10 minutes drilling and even weakening becomes faster. Actors never hear before wannabes (Fairuza Balk, Robert Englund, Angela Bettis and some, even there, the only famous actors of their episodes). The MoH's directorship was good at the beginning, but with every episode it's the worst and worse: what if the directors are not known to the world now? There is nothing! Stan Winston, Dick Maas, William Lustig, Sam Raimi, Eric Red, Robert Harmon, William Friedkin, Jim Muro, Stuart Gordon, Russell Mulcahy ... Even if "Heroic Masters" can not bring death directors to life, who will be? Undoubtedly, Tales from Crypt will be a rerun.
