When I went to a movie in America, I heard Unisol 2 when I was in the movie. After bringing me the original DVD, I did not pay much attention to getting the information about the three parts. Later, I began to read about the Return on IMDB and asked what my friends were thinking. Despite their horrific criticism, I went out of the way to see him, and I was on the brink of buying it on DVD. I did not expect too much, but in the United States should be half a dozen worth of theater freedom, how often do you see Van Dammy on the big screen? Yes, he had prepared for me nothing. I almost cried. 80 minutes and $ 2.50 total wastage. It is difficult to explain how bad it is. Honestly. It's making ironic films. No, that's very painful. I do not think so. I do not believe that Roger Rogers is the one who did not kill. Maybe how can people be? - First, Van Damme has actually finished the movie thinking of the script. Secondly, Xander Berkley, Terminator 2 and the Air Force status, admitted himself to this film. I just do not believe in the film's fool. It makes itself very attractive, but it's a shame to the audience. Here is an example: JCVD's daughter (yes Luc is now a man) - "I would like my father," SETH- "I did too". Yes, some people try to close the SETH by writing three great things - forgiveness - ON and OFF. All schools operate at all times. I'm convinced that Mr director modeled the director's daughter model April O'Neil's model "Cartoon Teenage Mutant Hero Turtles" - she refuses to go to say, "She needs her story." Probably, how many clicks a movie can use as much as possible? Please listen to other IMDB users - please tap the barge box. To sum up, Universal Soldier: Rotate has nothing to do with the first movie. In fact, if they are not UniSols, then you know that they are lasting. Luc is now a re-human - hell! The only place that can go online is in a stripclub. All the new Left Soles appear to be drifting along the street, and they are inadequate. This is pure torture to watch, so give yourself a blessing - do not torture yourself. P.S - The best part of the film: Romeo throws a building and plays 'Oh sh * t'.
