OK, I saw this movie to get a bad critique, but it's Unisol's best movie with this movie. Luc Devereux is now a technical expert with government-owned Maggie. to upgrade and perfect UniSol software in a more sophisticated, intelligent, agile new, more powerful soldier sex. Faster and more powerful than its predecessors, the new Unisols is associated with thoughtful Helix, which develops itself through an artificial intellectual computer called SETH. When SETH understands that the Universal Soldier program is scheduled to be closed due to budget deficits, it will turn its affairs into "hands" to protect itself. SETH, which kills those who want to shut down the power and unleash the super-soldiers in Romeo's reinforced state, has a secret code that can only be used to shut down Deveraux's SETH because it holds Deveraux within a few hours. With the help of a Squid hacker, SETH takes the human form. Luc should not argue with ambitious correspondent Erin, who will not only leave his side, but also discuss with General Radford, who wants to take extreme measures to stop SETH at Luc. SETH also said Luc had stolen his 13-year-old daughter, Hilini, and now captured the hostage. Luc is the only human who can save Hillary because he knows how Luc UniSol feels, feels, and wars. Now there is a problem with any kind of cinema, not everyone was surprised to find that a newspaper was such an event and that the soldiers would be made with a truck, but Vanne Damme shot a bullet with a gun and dying and the final fight scene was incredible when Luc was now human and Seth can hit any other Unisol and Luc more than 5x stronger and faster. I was really amazed at the time of Luke's breaking up with his final fight and I did not melt it and correct it (Terminator 2). Vanne Damme is nothing but my mistakes, but I'm telling you that Vanne Damme is completely out of the way that this movie is from Science Fiction. Now you need a celebrity Music Score, Universal Angle 2, with a good knife to listen to a song you want to cut. The good dots have Dolph's (HOORAY) and there is only one naked scene as opposed to 1, whereas many of the 1st (I still haunted with # 1 scenes), this also has some talent in the act. First, casting men were sadistic you do not believe me)
