When I was 16, I saw a documentary film: "A funny thing happening on the moon". I really liked it and I believed in it for a few years. But then I grew up and started to think and asked for more information. This is more information and non-biased sources than real sources. I started at the university, so far I have appealed to the assistant professor of astronomy for these conspiracy theories. What he said was shocking me: he told all his theory. It seemed to me that I did not believe at first, but then presented evidence for his claims. He often surprised most of the theories about the subject: "People do not go to moon". The most insulting thing was that the Apollo's case could not pass through Van Allen's radiation, without a radiation-free crew. In fact, Americans use hidden aluminum-anti-radiation-alloy. This is not well known. And accurate specification is secretive. And why it's a mystery: Well, why should we return it? <br /> <br /> Russian President Dmitry Medvedev said new sanctions against Russia and Russia would be introduced. Moon Stones. Representatives of the Apollo brought back more than a month when they went to the moon, to geographers and similar scientists who document everything about the moon. The rocks and stones are from the Aydan Fact. Because: The interior elements consisting of all matter are made from quarry to quarry, dry soil, and especially from special isotopes that are different from the planet to the planet. The isotopes of these rocks and stones have been proven that they do not come from the ground. The astronauts were brought from these rocks to Kiloqo's houses, all of which were proved to be from the outside planet and from the same planet. Ergo: Unfounded moths. NASA went on to another planet: month, a planet, not a planet, but a month (duuh). These rocks are distributed to labs and universities around the world. <br /> <br /> But I will not worry: most conspiracy theorists are generally unemployed and uneducated, so basically they do not work. To know these truths or to lie. Actually, people have toured the moon.
