On the surface this film resembles the psychological process of humanity, so it is possible to build a true self by embracing the "dark" side of human nature. So we are looking for Darkling, a classic shadowed devil creature, looking for a man (ie recognition) company, and the story takes place in a variety of ways, with more or less successful solution to this need. <br /> <br /> However, if we are a little bit deeper, we know what this film really is, how it relates to your car, like any other human being: - On the opening scene, character (groomed car mechanics), car accident When she was flown to a little girl, her daughter collected bits and pieces of car accidents with her. Lesson No. 1: Cars are immortal souls, and the theft of cars from cars is similar to the big robbery. The wicked should bother the dead and be punished. After that, another character (Rubin) gets a car crash that sells and renders it as a popular racing car they find after losing it and the seller warns. Lesson # 2: As with any person, there is a unique identity that a car can not be changed and changed. In addition, Rubin has really twisted the way many people think as a garbage but, in the end, the quality of quality is a projection of Ruby's personal treachery for more profits. Lesson # 3: You will not see your car as a vehicle, always yours as a last resort. - then the main character is familiar to Rubin and, more importantly, the Rubin car: the main characteristic of the quality of the car is not only the appearance but also a comprehensive view of the engine room. Lesson # 4: A car is not just judged by its appearance, but the truth in it. As we have seen on another stage, Ruby is trying to sell a fake collector's car, there is a penalty for those who do not remember these lessons. This scene also highlights the importance of the # 3 lesson. <br /> <br /> There are many other examples in the film about "Car = Man" and I am very tired to refer to them all, but the point remains (and I do it). I really want to say that this movie If there is nothing else, the movie is fun - or you're a gun.
