I saw the Belgrade Film Festival last week and still continue trauma. Basically my idea seems to fit in with others - the first half hour was fresh, sharp, deep, entertaining and encouraging. He moved too. Of course. My problem is not just about the fact that the end of the film has nothing to do with the unfavorable beginning of half a year and that most of this time is not painful, grungy industrial voices and no shock. drunk, teeth, baking in bread chewing gum. Instead, they never warned me. The Festival brochure sang only a first half-hour (completely entertaining) of a prostitute, piano tuner and meat sellers who talk to a bar, an advertising agent, a genetic teacher, and a small government official - talking about the future of a never-ending gum. It seems to me that I will not be able to read, but in my opinion, some of the views I have looked at in the post-real style were the plurality and shamelessness of most of the film. /> <br /> The first instruction should be the introduction words of the director (intelligent, hair-fed Russian youth) who crammed to the audience (the movie is pretty well criticized and the tickets are so imprudent in the last half an hour that the majority of the authorities do not feel as though you are coming from pain, to get the most striking comments) say, "No, thank you very much for seeing this movie, and I just want to say ... good, very long movie ... took me four years ... and ... I see it and try to forget it right away. "Thank you for coming." That's what he said, so it should be the alarm bells. "What does he say?" "I thought in a happy mood. Of course, his strange despair is so clear to me It was too late to get out, and all the lights that I can do will cause the suffering to rise again, and I can not say that I can not feel that I'm getting better. Yes, I liked the first half hour. It was smart, new, and it was a great deal to say. Yes, Russia is in a very bad state. Yes, there are many hidden faces in every society. Yes, the life of teeth in jealous wastelands is probably unimaginably difficult. Yes, yes. I get all this. I really do. However, I do not see the cause of art and meaning, and that there is no reason to suffer so much. Try out Korean-Chinese Bin Jip (3-Iron) if you want to see a movie place somewhere splendid with Hollywood plastic fantastic and dirty vodka hangers. Beautiful and surprising, both momentum and fun.
