I think it's a conspiracy that I think a portion of the money paid to a film, art magazine, and the published columns, one or several movies, a "universal acclaim" or something to tag to reach a higher status with a rating point, and thus wait for the people (such as me) to go into theaters or rent bloody things just for myself. <br /> <br /> This is one of them. There is no doubt that I am skeptical of any article that is found to me because it is very clear that two things can happen: or watch the two completely different films that are hidden under the inner world of the film, or to share the same name . 4 dirty game on the audience. It went faster than the smsgabord, and disappeared and no one had heard about it despite the rating on Metacritic. <br /> <br /> First of all, there is a fourth number from the beginning to the end. Although here's a little symbolism, it's good, and in many well-known cinemas it has been accomplished with different levels of success, this film is packed with it. At the start of the film, while four dogs are looking at one camera in the empty street, the car falls into the foreground and continues to open the asphalt. Four people at the bar, though one is uninteresting. Three of them have different paths, but they are not connected to one another, but to what their lives are. Despite this concept, the movie is very popular - especially by the story of Marina Vovchenko's story, it is not surprising, but in a good way - the first theme is lost. Or maybe, just as I said before, I only "did not". The problem is that Marinâ € ™ s story is spent a lot of time without any interest in surrealism based on this fact (due to her sister's death, bread chewing, less and later shouting). Are the same terrible tales that the three sides are interrupted in a bar? The director really does not spend much time to bring them together, or David Lynchian's past, or alternatively, even a straight, secular science story. This is a terrible battle against an unreasonable wall that can only stand a holy (or weird strange person).
