CLEAN PROPOSAL is one of the films that are more interesting than the movie itself. It was the tenth comedy for Keystone along with Chaplin's pupil year, and his first two. Although TILLIE'S PUNCTURED has a special length of ROMANCE, one of the last out-and-out rogue roles played, and he will point out for himself the last time he has another director. The conflicts with Chaplin director and co-star Mabel Normand were almost fired from the studio. <br /> <br /> Chaplin has not been with Henry Lehman and George Nichols before. It was the autobiographical last straw only to get directions from "girl". Charlie and Mabel defended this movie in a bitter manner. Chaplin was still a new man in Keystone, and his colleagues did not know what to do with him, but everyone loved Mabel. Producer Mack Sennett learned that the new film was being captured and he shot Chaplin when he wanted to learn more than ASAP at the show. He offered Chaplin to direct himself to finish this movie as Mabel wanted. Unfortunately, none of this drama appears on the MOBEL WHEELS screen, which resembles the typical Keystone chaos. Story Mabelin Beau (Harry McCoy) is planning to compete in an auto racing, but the evil Charlie and his merchants should steal the boy and Mabel must get his wheel. In all the surrounding competitions, throwing bricks and fingerprints is clearly short, but there are a few curiosities. There are good cinematography and editions in the racing series, although there is really no nudity, it's just a lot of nude activity. Chaplin herself is a goat like a goat, wearing a top hat and wearing a mud dress that she wears in her first movie look, WILL NOT GIVE THE COUNTRY, but the dress fits the old treason he has shown along with her. At least it's a novel to watch him play such a non-Muslim role. There are Keystone stalwarts as Chester Conklin appears in the stands on the runway, as it is a strange trust in Edgar Kennedy and more like character Mack Sennett, performing tobacco routine and routine unhealthy chain routines. As a performer, Sennett was as subtle as the films he had prepared, but you need to give a guy loan: he knew what people loved. These films were very popular in the days. Mack's performance did not add much to TEKERTA MABEL, but it was likely that he was filmed to shoot this movie to make sure his stars did not kill each other.
