After surfing on some internet sites, ioffer.com found the "Homefront" series on the DVD. Before everyone thrilled, the DVD set I burned was burned by an amateur video tape recorded 15 years ago on television. The resolution and quality are weak. Views appear to wait for the old re-recorded video to appear. Despite the fact that ads have been completed, each of the episodes endorsed by the ABC news program, which was completed with the best news headlines in the early 1990s, has noisy ads for the segway. <br /> <br /> According to this show credit, casting was nearly perfect. Everyone was convincing and really part of it. Their actions were moderate. The role of Jeff Metcalf is played well, especially by Kyle Chandler (most recently, King Kong's rebuilding in 2005). The period suits were very dependent, the groups, especially home appliances and decorative cuisines in the 1940s. At that time, the direction for the television show was also creative and distinct. For example, conversations between symbols intertwined with conversations on the same topic among other symbols on a variety of topics. Dialogue of different conversations, despite the fact that the fourth and fourth occasions were interrupted between different symbols and places, was liquid. <br /> <br /> When I began watching this series, I immediately remembered why I was interested 15 years ago. Despite all the ingredients for a beautiful show, columns and story lines instantly disappoint. For one thing, the show itself is completely misleading. After the Second World War ended in 1945, more battles did not occur, so there was already a "home". Interestingly, the first episode of the Homefront show begins after the war ended in 1945. It's like showing off the first episode of Gilligan's Island. The entire structure of the show's name was completely lost. I still hoped to be the rest of the series, but from 1946 to 1948 the whole show was held. Additionally, this series is a historical event in the late 1940s. With the third episode, this series appears to be nothing more than a gentle carpet on the ultra-left wing political agenda. The show is set up near Toledo, River Run Ohio. However, the theme of the ongoing racism appears more like Jackson, Mississippi, like Ohio. Part of the ensemble is Dick Williams, Hatti Winston and Sterling Macer Jr., who represent Davis's family. The majority of the series are discriminated against because of the disrespect that the Davis family is laughable and absolutely absurd. For more than 40 years, the racist card was played in Hollywood. We buy it. In addition, we are tired of the daily shrinkage of our noses. The topic of racism is also unattractive to the audience, and as for the death of the "Homefront" for any show. Williams, Winston and Macer's talent talents, have become a stereotypical "terrible angry black family". This series of exaggerated exaggerated racism ensures that everyone in Ohayo is a CCK member or something like that. The problem of racism in this episode could have been fought with a simple fist in a nose or a fist, causing a factor to be properly beaten and let go. <br /> <br /> It's really faster and simply foolish to direct a large part of the series to racism. <br /> <br /> Another ridiculous plot line, depicted on a local factory's head, Ken Jenkins, is a Ebenezer Scrooge, which raises and upsits as a character, and does not worry about its drop-drop drops. <br /> <br /> The workers rebel against the factory in a clear communist propaganda message against the occupier. <br /> <br /> Personally, I think this series has great potential. How could the writers easily place the chart in 1941? In 1945, the headline points out that food and gas distributional challenges and 14-hour days of war factories work. Of course, drama was added to the loss of brothers, children and husbands who fought abroad. The situation was perfect for writing as special military stars, training or military or USO staff passing through their cities while traveling to Europe or Pacific. The possibilities for good story lines and fields are endless. No, Homefront writers (David Assael and James Grissom) have never seen any interesting or interesting areas. Instead, they completely avoided the point and turned into a strange and unfounded slap in politics of racism and the left wing. The condemnation of all series of actors would be unfair, but the areas and circumstances they put in place are generally garbage.
